NEW YORK (AP) — Spencer Dinwiddie scored 27 points, D'Angelo Russell added 22 in his best performance since returning from knee surgery, and the Brooklyn Nets snapped a four-game skid with a 116-108 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers on Wednesday night.
Rookie center Jarrett Allen, making his first start at home, had 16 points and 12 rebounds for the Nets, who took charge of a close game with an 11-0 run early in the fourth quarter.
Dinwiddie had six points during the spurt and a pair of recent 76ers contributed the other five points in the first meeting since a trade between the teams last month.
Joel Embiid had 29 points and 14 rebounds for the 76ers, who dropped their third straight and fell back to .500 at 24-24. Ben Simmons scored 24 and J.J. Redick had 20 in his return from a seven-game absence with a leg injury.
Simmons was 9 of 10 for 18 points in his first 14 minutes but the Sixers couldn't build much of a lead in part because of Russell, who recently returned from a two-month absence and felt good enough to play on both nights of a back-to-back.
Neither team led by double digits through three quarters and the 76ers were ahead 92-91 in the opening minute of the fourth before Nik Stauskas — traded by Philadelphia along with Jahlil Okafor to Brooklyn in December — made a 3-pointer. Dinwiddie followed with three free throws and another 3, and Okafor scored inside to cap the run and make it 102-92 with 7:09 to play.
Embiid tried to bring the Sixers back, bulling his way for consecutive baskets that cut it to 111-107. But soon after he fouled Allen and DeMarre Carroll, who made all four free throws to keep Brooklyn safely ahead.
TIP-INS
76ers: Coach Brett Brown said he expects No. 1 draft pick Markelle Fultz, who appeared in just four games before a right shoulder injury, to play again this season. Brown just can't predict when. "It's just an answer that I can't give anybody, we can't give anybody, nor can he," Brown said. "I mean at the end of the day it's going to be when he feels good about himself and feels good about his shoulder, and that's almost the bottom line. We'll help him, but really he's got to feel comfortable that he can go be himself and none of us should begrudge him for that."
Nets: Coach Kenny Atkinson said the Nets hope reserve guard Caris LeVert (left groin) could return Friday, but starting forward Rondae Hollis-Jefferson (right groin) will be out a couple more games. ... Carroll scored 15 points and has matched his career best with 12 straight games in double figures, set in 2014-15 for Atlanta.
NUMBERS GAME
Brown said the only reason Okafor wasn't playing in Philadelphia before the 76ers dealt him to the Nets in December was because of the big men ahead of him in a crowded frontcourt the last couple of seasons.
"What everybody should really hear is, he's just so young. He was drafted third for a reason," Brown said. "He's a hell of a player and for us in the time and the moment that we're in and with Joel, etc., the court time just wasn't available."
SUPPORT FOR SAM
Atkinson was discussing the 76ers' young talent when he pivoted to praise Sam Hinkie, the former Philadelphia executive whose strategy of building through the draft was heavily debated.
"I think of Sam Hinkie, there should be a management award for him, or a management study on what he did," Atkinson said. "We can argue you like it, you don't like it, but I was around him. I really like him as a person and I just think he did a phenomenal job and thinking long term like that, to have that vision that most of us don't have, let's be honest, I don't think he gets enough credit."
UP NEXT
76ers: Host the Miami Heat on Friday.
Nets: Host the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday.
___
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Researchers say preliminary findings show a North Atlantic right whale may have been struck by a ship before the animal was found dead in Massachusetts waters.
Officials with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration say bruising consistent with blunt trauma could be evidence of a ship strike.
North Atlantic right whales are an endangered species. The World Wildlife Fund says only about 350 are still living.
NOAA is urging vessels to keep a watch for right whales, which often swim just below the water's surface and can be hard to see.
The 27-foot long, 1-year-old female was found dead in Cape Cod Bay on Thursday and towed to a harbor where it could be placed on a flatbed for transport. A final analysis is expected to take weeks.
Senior Hamas leader Ismail Radwan on Monday accused Israel of “trying to drag Gaza into a war the outcome of which nobody knows."
"The tunnels are an excuse to prepare the Israeli public and international public opinion for this war," Radwan said in an interview with Al-Khaleej Online. His remarks were quoted by Channel 10 News.
Each year all of us have at least one new years resolution that we are set on acting upon, but sadly none of us are able to stay firm on it. We all want to be the better versions of ourselves. Here are the resolutions we all make but only to break!
1. Stay fit
Most of us are set to shed some pounds and get in shape by the end of the year, size 6,8, 10 or even zero? We plan to head to gym, cut sugar and carbs and make sure our jeans that are a tad bit tight would be easy to slip in.
2. Quit Smoking
All the chain smokers want to get rid of the horrible habit of blowing up like a choo choo train, it's time you actually make an effort and look for various ways to put the habit at bay – such as, chewing a gum when craving a smoke.
3. Spend More Time With Family
Plenty of us are usually so absorbed with work and errands that are endless – we began to neglect family. Let's change that?
4. Travel
Prague, Switzerland, Ireland, Italy and what not! We chalk down all the places that give us an itchy foot – so this year make sure you save up and head out for a trip with your loved ones. Work hard and party harder!
5. Achieve More
We all want to strive to achieve our goals and reach to the point where we probably wouldn't be a needing to look at a price tag while shopping for something. Let's try and make your name a brand this year.
6. Read More
Books are truly your best friends, so squeeze them in your hectic routine.
7. Fall In Love
Finding your one true love and then marrying them is no less than a Disney fairy tale, you grow old and witness all the highs and lows together. It's the best feeling!
8.Learn Something New
Making a career choice or changing it, learning how to play the violin, learning how to dance, or a learning a new language. You should get out of the box and explore new things.
Please follow and like us:
Comments
comments
Several years back, I came across an interesting study done on hybrid and striped bass in Claytor Lake, Virginia.
DURHAM, N.C. -- Mike Krzyzewski would later call it a "team-building" meeting. Amile Jefferson said it was a chance to "put everything on the table."
However you want to define it, the call to Krzyzewski's house was not for cookies and milk. Recovering from back surgery, Krzyzewski was out of commission but not out of the loop. He was still plenty involved with his team, still more than aware of what was and wasn't working.
After a two-point loss to NC State on Jan. 23, it was clear things at Duke weren't working.
So the Hall of Famer called his team together. He temporarily banned them from their own locker room and barred them from wearing Duke gear,?insisting these players earn the right to wear their university's name again.
Neither the come-to-K meeting and figurative undressing nor the literal undressing is unusual. Krzyzewski isn't the first coach to use this motivational ploy, and he likely won't be the last. Even Krzyzewski has been down this road before. Associate head coach Jeff Capel told a local radio station about returning to the Duke locker room during the 1993-94 season to find the place stripped bare, right down to a rolled-up carpet.
But this Duke team wasn't supposed to need a call to the principal's office. This season was supposed to be magical, with experience and youth meeting in a sweet ride to a national title. Instead, with injuries robbing the Blue Devils of continuity and Grayson Allen's third tripping incident in a calendar year denying them peace, Duke hit a tipping point with that home loss to the Wolfpack.
Duke was on the brink.
"This has been one of the most different seasons I've had at Duke, to put it that way,'' said Jefferson, a fifth-year senior. "Having expectations and having them altered, it's been hard.''
Duke appears to have stepped back from the edge, with the meeting serving as the before-and-after marker. Before the meeting, the Blue Devils had lost three of four. Since the meeting, they've won five in a row, including an emotional victory against North Carolina six days ago at Cameron Indoor Stadium.
But how the Devils got there, how such a promising season went off the rails for nearly a month is a fascinating case study in just how fragile success can be.
"It's like with your own kids: You try to teach them to live in their moment,'' Krzyzewski said. "It's not about your big brother's moment or your parents' moment. It's your moment.''
Conversations with several people associated with the program and interviews with people at Duke reveal just how close Duke was to missing out on that moment.
ON DEC. 21, in an otherwise inconsequential romp against an inconsequential opponent, Duke's season went haywire. Grayson Allen tripped Elon's Steven Santa Ana. At that point, despite injuries to three freshmen from its prized recruiting class -- an unexpected preseason knee surgery for Harry Giles, a foot sprain for Jayson Tatum and a leg injury for Marques Bolden -- everything was still going reasonably well for the Blue Devils. They'd won all but one of their first 13 games and comfortably settled in at No. 5 in the polls.
Now, with the roller coaster steadying, the Blue Devils and Krzyzewski talk about the myriad injuries -- only Luke Kennard and Matt Jones have played in every game -- as the reason it has taken a while for Duke to get on track. No doubt the revolving lineup and limited numbers in practice have taken their toll. The competition level, too, changed right after that Elon game. Instead of Elon and Tennessee State, the Blue Devils were playing Virginia Tech, Louisville and Florida State.
But everything really changed the moment Allen sent Santa Ana sprawling. A team that looked connected and content suddenly looked disconnected and discontented. When Krzyzewski called that meeting, it wasn't just because the Blue Devils were losing. It was because of how they were losing.
No one was angry at all at Allen. If anything, his teammates were worried about him, how he was doing and how he was handling the endless stream of negative attention.
They were, however, tired of the fallout. The aftermath of his actions -- the constant scrutiny on him, Krzyzewski and the team, not to mention how it turned Allen into a far more cautious player -- impacted the entire program.
"It just wore people out,'' a source with knowledge of the situation said.
The other part, as naive as it might sound, was that no one saw it coming. Throughout the course of his Hall of Fame career, Krzyzewski's integrity and ethics rarely have been called into question, his reputation spilling over to Duke's program. The Blue Devils simply don't invite a lot of legitimate criticism. Now not only was the program coming under fire, but also Krzyzewski was facing some of the harshest criticism of his career. People were loudly questioning how he handled Allen, in the past and immediately following Allen's latest incident with Santa Ana.
Still, the players and staff -- really, everyone at Duke -- believed the fury would die down. Sure, life on the road would be tough, but for Duke it is always tough. The national glare, they thought, would fade. Instead, Allen became the most watched player in the sport, his every move played and replayed in slow motion.
Did he trip someone? Did he push someone?
On Jan. 10, against Florida State, as he dove for a loose ball out of bounds, Allen appeared to shove Seminole assistant Dennis Gates. Four days later, Allen and Louisville's Donovan Mitchell got tangled up going for a loose ball, and Mitchell appeared to smack Allen in the nose. Nine days after that, in the loss against NC State, Allen cut through the Wolfpack huddle en route to his own bench and got tangled up with the Wolfpack's Terry Henderson. Five days later against Wake Forest, he connected with Brandon Childress on an out-of-bounds play.
Each time, Allen was defended, either by the other party involved or the league office. Gates put out a statement saying he didn't believe Allen's push was intentional, that it was part of the natural flow of the game. The ACC ruled Mitchell's slap inadvertent. Replays showed Childress, not Allen, instigating the jawing at Wake. In fact, it was Childress who was hit with a technical foul. But because of his reputation, it was Allen who drew the attention.
"It's been a lot,'' Allen told ESPN.com after the North Carolina game.
Often when people talk about how a negative event will hurt a team, how it could be a "distraction," it's little more than a buzzword, with reality rarely matching the expected chaos. This was a gigantic distraction. Already behind in building team chemistry because of the rash of injuries, the Blue Devils felt backed into a corner, defensive for their teammate and their program.
"You try to handle whatever is going on in an even keel,'' Krzyzewski said. "Whether it's a 20-game winning streak, a national championship or an elimination in the first round of the NCAA tournament. And that's what I've tried to do with this team.''
Asked if he thought the team had handled all of the attention well, Jones paused.
"Um ... maybe,'' the senior guard said, sounding more uncertain than certain. "We've just been through so much.''
Virtually everyone ESPN.com spoke to said no one questioned Krzyzewski's decision to suspend Allen just one game. People at Duke knew what outsiders didn't: that from the moment Krzyzewski yanked Allen out of his own locker room and into Elon's to apologize to Santa Ana, there had been plenty of meetings, conversations and actions taken, along with the public suspension and loss of his captaincy.
Krzyzewski's rationale, too, was complicated by his own impending health crisis. About to face back surgery that would sideline him for about a month, the coach recognized that Capel would have a complicated enough job and didn't want him to answer repeated questions about Allen's status without having the authority to reinstate him.
But the Grayson Allen who returned to the court wasn't the same guy who left. Allen is naturally gifted, an athletic wing with a shooter's touch. His motor, though, has always been his separator. It runs high, fueling him to work harder in practice and on his own and play harder in games. He feeds off his own emotions as much as his teammates do. The way he played was as instrumental to Duke's 2015 national championship as the 16 points he scored against Wisconsin.
He was, though, keenly aware that everyone was now watching his every move. He lost his fire, dialed back his edge, given the spotlight, afraid that a hard play would be misconstrued as a dirty play. He was, it seemed, trying to prove to people who he was or who he wasn't, instead of just simply playing.
"That's what was heartbreaking,'' a source said. "He couldn't be himself.''
After the North Carolina win, Allen said he was having fun playing basketball again. Asked if he'd had funned all season, Allen smirked.
"I'm not interested in a tell-all right now, but uh, no,'' he said.
Allen averaged just 13.5 points and shot only 7-of-28 from beyond the arc in the six games after his suspension. Moved to point guard, he seemed more content to distribute than dictate -- not exactly the role he was born to. He was tentative.
THE BLUE DEVILS HAVE BANDED TOGETHER,?trying to shut out the noise as they make their crucial march to March.
The season, after all, is hardly over, and if the past five games are any indication, Duke might have the biggest upside of any team in the country. Tatum, arguably the furthest along among the freshmen, has learned to be more than just a scorer, dishing out 12 assists and pulling down 41 rebounds during the win streak. Giles continues to show flashes of his potential, and Kennard remains equal parts steady and spectacular.
But the real difference has been Allen. He's averaging 21.5 points per game during the win streak, but it goes deeper than the box score. He looks different, less tentative and no longer worried that his next move will be the wrong move.
"It feels good to just be out there playing the game that I love -- and loving it," Allen said after the win against North Carolina. "Really just having fun with it, whether my shot falls or not. That's how I grew up playing the game. Just loving to compete. It feels good to do just that."
DETROIT (AP) — Detroit Tigers pitching prospect Franklin Perez is expected to miss at least three months with a right lat strain.
The Tigers say Perez was injured in a minor league game Sunday. There is no surgery recommended at this point, but the recovery is expected to take a minimum of 12 weeks.
Perez, a 20-year-old right-hander, was acquired by Detroit in the trade that sent Justin Verlander to Houston last season. Perez went 6-3 with a 3.02 ERA across two levels of the minors last year. He made 10 starts at Class A and six at Double-A. Baseball America tabbed Perez as Detroit's top prospect this offseason.
The rebuilding Tigers aren't expected to contend this year, but Perez figured to be a prospect to watch, no matter where in Detroit's system he ended up pitching.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
AP Photo/Chris Morrison
PHOENIX (AP) — When Ron Barber saw the news that a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers practicing for a baseball game, he immediately was taken back to when he was yelling his wife's name and phone number while lying on a gurney. Pam Simon remembers lying on the ground unable to move after the bullet went through her wrist into her chest.
The attack Wednesday in Virginia that left Rep. Steve Scalise in critical condition brought back painful memories for survivors of another shooting six years ago involving a member of Congress, former Rep. Gabby Giffords, who was shot in Tucson, Arizona.
“It obviously floods back all the memories from Jan. 8,” Simon said. “It really brings it back. You have PTSD symptoms that kind of flare up in things like this.”
Giffords was holding a constituent event outside a grocery store in 2011 when gunman Jared Loughner opened fire, killing six people, including a federal judge and a 9-year-old girl, and shooting Giffords in the head, severely wounding her.
Wednesday's shooting happened in a similarly public place – a popular park and baseball complex in Alexandria, Virginia. Scalise and other Republican lawmakers were practicing for a charity game when James T. Hodgkinson started shooting and chaos erupted.
Hodgkinson, who had a long history of lashing out at Republicans, was shot and killed by police. Loughner, who is serving life in prison, had posted several online ramblings about politics before he shot Giffords, a Democrat, although in the end no clear motive emerged.
Barber, who took over Giffords' seat in Congress before narrowly losing a re-election bid in 2014, said Wednesday's shooting was a reminder of how low political discourse has fallen.
“The vitriol, the harsh rhetoric, the personal attacks, they have escalated to a point where I hardly recognize our political process anymore. We have to stop this,” Barber said.
For others, it prompted strong feelings about keeping weapons out of the hands of the wrong people.
“This isn't a political issue nor was the one in Tucson,” said Ken Dorushka, who was shot as he shielded his wife from Loughner. “Anybody who would willingly take a gun and shoot somebody is unstable regardless of their political bent.”
Giffords, who now advocates for tighter gun laws through her political action committee she founded with her husband, Mark Kelly, said she was heartbroken.
“This shooting is an attack on all who serve and on all who participate in our democracy,” Giffords said in a written statement Wednesday. “May all Americans come together today with prayers for the survivors, love for their friends and family, and the courage to go about everyday making this country its best. Our nation is resilient, and we always come back stronger.”
Six years ago, Sen. Jeff Flake had rushed from Phoenix to the hospital in Tucson when he heard Giffords was shot. On Wednesday, the Arizona Republican was at the baseball practice and tended to Scalise.
Flake said during an interview with CBS “This Morning” that he reached out to Giffords and Kelly.
“Those of us in Arizona remember well that situation a few years ago. So, I sure hope that this (brings) more unity, we need it around here,” Flake said.
Simon said days like Wednesday don't feel normal because she gets a lot of calls from friends and reporters. She said she works through the difficult memories by getting together with loved ones and speaking about being positive and encouraging other survivors.
“The physical wounds fade but clearly the emotional ones are there. I have to disagree with the president when he made the statement that the congressman will have a complete recovery. No one who's been shot ever recovers emotionally,” she said.
Comments
comments
VILNIUS, Lithuania (AP) — One of the heaviest drinking nations in the world is facing a severe hangover.
Lithuania's new liquor law has increased the legal drinking age from 18 to 20, banned alcohol advertising, and drastically curtailed opening hours for liquor stores. The law, in effect since Jan. 1, has stirred major controversy in this Baltic nation of 2.9 million people.
According to the World Health Organization, Lithuanians' per-capita alcohol consumption jumped more than 22 percent in a decade — from 14.9 liters (15.7 quarts) of pure alcohol annually in 2006 to 18.2 liters (19.2 quarts) in 2016. Authorities felt drastic measures were needed.
"We had to do something about it," said Health Minister Aurelijus Veryga, the main proponent of the new legislation. (Alcoholism) "makes Lithuania unattractive to foreign investments and tourism."
"Especially shocking are surveys showing that a third of our 15- and 16-year-olds consume alcohol regularly," Veryga noted.
With 36 per 100,000 people, Lithuania has the highest suicide rate in Europe, and suicide rates among alcoholics are consistently high, according to a study conducted by health specialists at Vilnius University.
"These were hard decisions," Veryga said, noting that opponents of the new law were trying "to make fools" of its supporters, including him.
Veryga became minister in late 2016 when his party — Union of Farmers and Greens Union — claimed most seats at the national elections. The party has pushed ahead with several conservative law changes in family policy, despite public protests and disagreements with coalition partners.
On a mural covering a wall of a popular Vilnius restaurant, Veryga is depicted as a Taliban fighter holding an AK-47 machine gun under the heading "the party is over," reflecting concerns that Lithuania is entering a dark era of radical bans and restrictions.
Some columnists suggested Lithuania should start censoring classic literature describing the consumption of spirits, while members of the opposition have already filed amendments seeking to repeal the harshest aspects of the law. Even the country's president, Dalia Grybauskaite, has called for amendments.
"It reminds me of the Middle Ages and it causes huge international harm to Lithuania's image and reputation abroad," Grybauskaite said, speaking about pages having to be torn out of foreign magazines.
Publishers have rushed to remove — or cover with red stickers — liquor ads from foreign publications distributed in the country to avoid fines of 30,000 euros ($37,480) per ad.
Analysts point out that the new laws are being pushed through without any dialogue, disregarding unwanted side-effects, international practices or even common sense.
"Their political program is a collection of random ideas wrapped in Messianism and shrouded in hypocrisy," said Zilvinas Silenas, president of the Lithuania Free Market Institute, a Vilnius-based think tank. "But they are very consistently prohibitionist about regulating personal choice and lifestyle."
"The party has no identity except for a crusade against what people put in their mouths," Silenas added.
Restaurants have also been affected. Wine bottles are no longer allowed to be displayed after 8 p.m. as its labels are considered advertising and patrons have a choice of buying wine by the glass or having it served in a decanter.
"This is just ridiculous," said Arunas Starkus, study director at the Sommelier School of Lithuania, calling the new rules "simply irrational and naive."
"It takes decades to change people's customs and it has to be done by changing the culture, not by implementing restrictions and penalties," Starkus said.
Underage drinkers are still welcome at many downtown bars, with owners highly skeptical about the new regulations.
"Of course, we let in everybody, even those who are under 20," said Raminta Ruibyte, manager of a popular Vilnius bar. "We can offer them non-alcoholic beverages."
Minister Veryga, for his part, was unmoved.
"Nobody will solve these problems for us," Veryga said. "We must ... help the new generation grow up not thinking that alcohol is the main factor that unites and keeps our society together."
PARIS (AP) — Paris' prosecutor's office says that three suspects in a thwarted attack last week in the southern French city of Montpellier have been handed preliminary terrorism charges.
Authorities gave on the suspects' first names. A teenage girl, Sara, and a man called Thomas were charged with terrorist association and possessing explosives Tuesday night. Another man, Malik, was also charged with justifying terrorism.
Last week, anti-terrorism forces uncovered a makeshift laboratory for fabricating a bomb. France's top security official Friday said the raid thwarted an "imminent attack."
A police official said the teenage girl — among several arrested — had pledged loyalty to the Islamic State group in a recent video.
France is still under a state of emergency after several deadly attacks in 2015 and 2016.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Refuting common harmful myths about trans and gender-nonconforming people. Donate to order this gift now!
A critical analysis of Trumpism in the context of longer-term trends. Donate to order this gift now!
This cheerful-looking fellow is the Rabbit Night Light from Flying Tiger Copenhagen, the store packed with cool, accessible Danish design. The light, which is battery-powered, soothes little ones to sleep with its soft glow, slowly changing colour from pink to green to blue to white. £2. uk.flyingtiger.com
The sole candidate running against Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi has had two showcase campaign rallies in downtown Cairo. The first was a disaster. No one showed up except a few campaign workers.
The second, on March 11, was a slight improvement: 30 people attended. They held banners and chanted slogans, though the chants weren't exactly resounding victory cries for their candidate, an almost unknown politician named Moussa Mustafa Moussa.
"Whether Moussa wins or el-Sissi wins, either is our president!" they shouted.
There is no question the general-turned-president el-Sissi will win a second four-year term. But the March 26-28 election will likely be remembered as the event that signaled Egypt's break with the little pretense it had left of democratic rule, seven years after a popular uprising toppled autocrat Hosni Mubarak in the name of democracy.
The election was preceded by a purge of would-be opposing candidates that was unprecedented even in comparison to Mubarak's nearly 30-year rule. Authorities also clamped down on the media, even egging the public to report to the police anyone they feel is depicting the country in a bad light.
The question raised by many observers is why such extreme measures were taken to ensure a vote that el-Sissi would probably win anyway. El-Sissi seems convinced that a genuinely contested election could destabilize the country, allow his Islamist foes a back door into politics or interfere with his high-octane, single-handed drive to revive the battered economy.
El-Sissi was first elected in a 2014 landslide, riding on popularity after, as army chief, he led the military's ouster of Islamist President Mohammed Morsi. He kept much of that popularity while ferociously cracking down on Islamists and secular dissenters.
He has insisted stability must take priority over freedoms as he carried out multiple, large-scale infrastructure projects and implemented painful austerity reforms. With those reforms, el-Sissi has succeeded in bringing some life back to the economy, though at the cost of inflation that has badly hurt many in the impoverished population. El-Sissi has also made a name for himself on the international stage as a champion against Islamic militancy.
After the election, el-Sissi and his supporters will very likely try to get rid of the constitution's two term limit on the presidency, said Paul Salem, a senior Middle East expert from the Washington-based Middle East Institute.
"It might be the view of el-Sissi and his administration that this is needed for stability for economic and security reasons," Salem told The Associated Press.
"My own personal view is that this buys stability for the short term but makes any transfer of power which has to happen sooner or later much more difficult," Salem added.
Moussa, an ardent el-Sissi supporter, entered the race at the last minute to prevent the embarrassment of a one-candidate election. An extremely polite contestant, he has avoided sounding eager to win, never criticizes el-Sissi and in fact often praises him.
El-Sissi hasn't bothered to campaign in person. Instead, the streets of Cairo and other cities have been swamped in a tidal wave of billboards, banners and posters with his image declaring: "He is the hope."
A decent turnout is the one thing left to give the vote a measure of respectability. El-Sissi's supporters have organized rallies urging the public to vote. Pro-government media proclaim that voting is a religious duty and failing to do so is "high treason." Moussa's supporters chanted at his rally that would-be boycotters are traitors and cowards.
In a speech Monday, el-Sissi urged everyone to vote, "whatever your political choices and opinions." Laughing, he told the crowd, "I love you, go out and vote."
Imad Hussein, the pro-el-Sissi editor of Al-Shorouk newspaper, criticized the handling of the election, not because the field of candidates was engineered but because it wasn't done smoothly.
"We, of course, hoped to have a genuinely contested election," he wrote last month. "But since we don't have that, the government was supposed to at least prepare the stage to make it look democratic."
The methodical elimination of opponents suggested el-Sissi felt a vulnerability — particularly to a candidate rooted in the military who could exploit possible cracks in his popularity, whether over pain from economic reforms, resentment over crackdowns or frustration over continued militant violence.
Several candidates dropped out, citing intimidation and harassment. But the harshest treatment was dealt out to two former generals: former military chief of staff Maj. Gen. Sami Annan and former air force general Ahmed Shafiq.
The candidacy of Annan "would have created a conflict that would impact on the 'holy' unity of the armed forces and push into the open files that can only remain secret," analyst Abdel-Azeem Hamad wrote in a Feb. 22 column. Annan was the second-highest figure in the military's supreme council that ruled Egypt for more than a year after Mubarak's fall.
The 70-year-old Annan was an unquestioned member of the "deep state," ensuring the military, police and other key institutions would not oppose his presidency, one of his top campaign aides, Hisham Genena, said in an interview last month.
"This blend of civilians and military men caused the regime to panic," he said, alluding to Annan's choice of him and a left-wing university professor as his top aides.
Annan struck a progressive tone in his short-lived candidacy. In a January video announcing his run, he lamented encroachments on freedoms and Egyptians' suffering under el-Sissi's economic reforms, and he called on the military to remain neutral in the voting.
Over the next three days, top military brass — including Egypt's former military ruler, Field Marshal Mohammed Tantawi — tried to dissuade Annan from running, Genena said.
Annan brushed them off. Finally, authorities moved: on Jan. 23, he was grabbed from his car by masked men on a Cairo highway.
He has been detained ever since at a military prison, facing charges of incitement against the military, forgery and failing to secure clearance from the military to run for president.
Senior security officials said Annan had been under surveillance for months and was directly advised not to run, to maintain the military's image as united without rival loyalties.
"He was fully aware of the consequences that awaited him ... The warnings were crystal clear," said one of the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to brief the media.
As he went to file an appeal against Annan's arrest, Genena was beaten up by thugs his lawyers contend were sent by the police. Genena was later arrested after he claimed in a TV interview that Annan had documents incriminating Egypt's leadership.
Annan is now under pressure to accept house arrest and silence in exchange for the dropping of all charges, according to a person with first-hand knowledge of the case. So far he has refused, but "they are bringing up all sorts of allegations" to push him into it, said the person, who spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity for the same reason as the security officials.
In the case of Shafiq, authorities were likely worried not just by his military credentials. Mubarak's last prime minister, Shafiq ran in the 2012 presidential elections, seen as Egypt's freest vote, finishing a close second to Morsi.
Shafiq lived in the United Arab Emirates since that election.
He announced his intention to run again in a Nov. 29 video. The Emiratis, close allies of el-Sissi, promptly arrested him and deported him to Egypt. At Cairo's airport, he was whisked away by security agents, interrogated and confined under guard at a hotel, his phone confiscated, the security officials said.
Over the next days, senior security officials pressed him to drop out of the race, according to the officials. Pro-government media launched a high-intensity campaign to discredit him, threatening that past corruption cases against him would be revived and hinting at exposure of alleged sexual indiscretions.
Shafiq buckled, announcing his withdrawal on Jan. 7. He has not been seen since — effectively under house arrest, the officials said.
Annan and Shafiq posed particular problems for el-Sissi. They would have offered safe bets for voters seeking change but wary of parting company with the military, which many Egyptians still respect as a protector of stability and which produced all but two of Egypt's presidents since the dawn of the republic in the 1950s.
But more worrisome, the tumultuous events of recent weeks fueled speculation about possible fissures within the military, which prides itself on iron-clad unity and secrecy.
It is not known whether Annan or Shafiq's challenges to el-Sissi had any support among senior officers. But other developments have also raised question marks, such as unexplained dismissals in past months of the military's chief of staff and the head of the General Intelligence Directorate, Egypt's version of the CIA, who also hails from the military.
Government-controlled media have briefly mentioned conflicts among security and intelligence agencies, which are traditionally headed by men of military background, and there have been unconfirmed reports of top generals being quietly sidelined.
Further fueling speculation, el-Sissi in a recent speech angrily lashed out at unspecified opponents. "By God, the price of Egypt's stability and security is my life and the life of the army," he warned, directing an intense gaze at Defense Minister Sidki Sobhi, seated to his left. "I am not a politician who just talks," he added.
Michael W. Hanna, an Egypt expert from New York's Century Foundation, believes el-Sissi's fury was chiefly directed at rivals inside the military.
"The regime is super sensitive," he said, "but it may also be facing internal tensions and rivalries that are seeping out into the public domain."
Source: Defense.gov
Maria Zakharova, an official spokeswoman for the Foreign Affairs Ministry of the Russian Federation, said in the interview with Rossiya 1 TV channel that risks for a military solution of the crisis around the DPRK (North Korea) were very high.
"How close the situation has come...Yes, it has come very close to the possibility of a military conflict," she said, answering the question of how close the situation with the DPRK has come to the "military line."
"If the military scenario is used in practice, if everything really goes the way Washington officials say in their intimidating statements, the situation will be catastrophic," Zakharova said.
According to her, the United States is not aware of consequences of a potential military conflict that will affect "all countries of the region and not just the region."
"Representatives of the US establishment, senators, they say, reassure the public that one should not even worry about it, because it is not the people of the US, but the people of other countries, who will be killed. I think that they mean not only North, but also South Korea," Zakharova said, TASS reports.
Pravda.Ru
Read article on реу Russian version of Pravda.Ru
A security researcher disclosed a gaping security hole at the outfit that manages Georgia's election technology, days before the state holds a closely watched congressional runoff vote on June 20.
The security failure left the state's 6.7 million voter records and other sensitive files exposed to hackers, and may have been left unpatched for seven months. The revealed files might have allowed attackers to plant malware and possibly rig votes or wreak chaos with voter rolls during elections.
Georgia is especially vulnerable to such disruption, as the entire state relies on antiquated touchscreen voting machines that provide no hardcopy record of votes, making it all but impossible to tell if anyone has manipulated the tallies.
The true dimensions of the failure were first reported Wednesday by Politico Magazine . The affected Center for Election Systems referred all questions to its host, Kennesaw State University, which declined comment. In March, the university had mischaracterized the flaw's discovery as a security breach.
Logan Lamb, a 29-year-old Atlanta-based private security researcher formerly with Oak Ridge National Laboratory, made the discovery last August. He told The Associated Press he decided to go public after the publication last week of a classified National Security Agency report describing a sophisticated scheme, allegedly by Russian military intelligence, to infiltrate local U.S. elections systems using phishing emails.
The NSA report offered the most detailed account yet of an attempt by foreign agents to probe the rickety and poorly funded U.S. elections system. The Department of Homeland Security had previously reported attempts last year to gain unauthorized access to voter registration databases in 20 states — one of which, in Illinois, succeeded, though the state says no harm resulted.
It also emboldened Lamb to come forward with his findings. Lamb discovered the security hole — a misconfigured server — one day as he did a search of the Kennesaw State election-systems website. There, he found a directory open to the internet that contained not just the state voter database, but PDF files with instructions and passwords used by poll workers to sign in to a central server used on Election Day, said Lamb.
"It was an open invitation to anybody pretending to even know a little bit about computers to get into the system," said Marilyn Marks, an election-transparency activist whose Colorado-based foundation participated in a failed lawsuit that sought to bar the use of paperless voting machines in next week's election.
The directory of files "was already indexed by Google," Lamb said in an interview — meaning that anyone could have found it with the right search. Lamb said he notified the center's director, Merle King, who assured him the hole would be patched and who asked to keep his discovery to himself.
Politico reported that the center never notified the secretary of state's office, which oversees elections and contracts with Kennesaw State to manage the technology part. The Associated Press left a phone message and sent email to King seeking comment but he did not immediately respond.
Lamb said he decided not to disclose the problem at the time — mostly because he "didn't want to needlessly escalate things" prior to the Nov. 8 general election. But in March, a security colleague Lamb had told about the flaw, checked out the center's website and discovered that the vulnerabilities had only been partially fixed.
"We were both pretty floored," said Lamb.
The researcher, Chris Grayson, said he, too, was able to access the same voter record database and other sensitive files in a publicly accessible directory. Grayson contacted a friend who is a professor at Kennesaw State. Two days later, the FBI was called in to investigate.
It did not bring charges against either researcher, finding no evidence of illegal entry . "At the end of the day we were doing what we thought was in the best interest of the republic — informing the parties that needed to be privy to this sort of issue," said Grayson.
The special election next Tuesday will fill the seat vacated by Republican Tom Price after he was named Health and Human Services Secretary. It has attracted national attention, including that of President Donald Trump, for whom it could be a bellwether.
First-time candidate Jon Ossoff is a Democrat with a national security background. His GOP opponent is former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel.
John Essey and family live in a modest, two-story home on a tree-lined street in the suburbs north of Pittsburgh. From the outside, it looks like any other house in the neighborhood, but this house has a brain.
"It knows we're home. Doors unlock, [it] kinda sets the mood for the rest of the house too, turns on lights, sets the thermostat accordingly," Essey says.
Essey is an engineer at Uber and an early adopter of the Internet of things. He can control his lights with his Amazon Echo or an array of touchpad sensors he's installed throughout the home. Sensors tell him when there's water in the basement or a leak under the sink.
While Essey's setup might sound a little like science fiction it's a prototype of the future. Some critics are worried these devices won't be secure and that companies will use them to spy on us to make money.
Gierad Laput, a Ph.D. student at Carnegie Mellon University, says as the Internet of things becomes more engrained in our daily lives, there are a couple of ways people are turning ordinary homes into smart homes.
"One way is basically to buy all the appliances, smart oven, smart dishwasher, smart microwave, smart toaster, all these things," Laput says.
But that stuff is really expensive. Smart refrigerators can cost $3,000 or more. And Laput said those devices don't always talk to each other, especially if they're made by different manufacturers.
The other way is to get sensors, and put them on everything you want to monitor.
"But then those get really unwieldy and you've got all these things sticking around and they look ugly and socially obtrusive," Laput says.
So Laput and his team wanted to see if they could build just one sensor that could monitor a whole range of activity in a room. And they did. It doesn't look like much; just a little 2-inch-square circuit board that plugs into the wall. The board senses about a dozen different facets of its environment: vibrations, sounds, light color and so on. The sensor communicates wirelessly with a computer, which interprets everything it picks up.
Laput demonstrated how the sensor works by turning on a blender. Almost immediately, a text box saying "blender running" popped up on a computer screen along with a purple squiggly line representing the blender's vibration.
Laput turned on a light, and the screen said, "light on."
Laput says he imagines both domestic and commercial applications for such a sensor. It could tell you that you left your stove on or that you're almost out of paper towels in the bathroom at the restaurant you own.
But critics say there's a catch.
"Surveillance is now the business model of the Internet. Companies make money spying on you," says Bruce Schneier, an Internet security expert and the chief technology officer at IBM's cybersecurity arm. "When the app says I can detect when you're out of paper towels, they're not doing it for your best interest, they're doing it because they want to sell you paper towels."
Schneier pointed to Roomba, the little automated vacuum from iRobot. The company's CEO said last month that the device could soon start mapping your home, raising concerns that that data could be sold for a profit. The company swiftly clarified that it would only collect and share data if customers consented.
But on top of the issue of surveillance, Schneier says makers of Internet-of-things devices just aren't prioritizing security.
"We're building a world-sized robot without even realizing it," he says.
That robot has eyes and ears that collect data, brains that process it and arms and legs that take action in the real world.
But arms and legs can kick and punch, and more eyes and ears — like Laput's sensor — could make those kicks and punches both more accurate and more devastating.
Veteran coach Ken Hitchcock struck a nerve earlier this season when he decried the longstanding NHL practice of describing injuries in the vaguest terms possible.
An injury can be upper-body, lower-body or undisclosed, except Hitchcock and the Dallas Stars prefer to be more forthright. Defenseman Marc Methot had a knee injury, Martin Hanzal had a hamstring injury and Stephen Johns was dealing with concussion symptoms.
"Rather than go through the dance and play the big game, we just decided let's get it out there so they can print it, move on and let's get on with the subject of what's going on on the team," Hitchcock said.
This is a far cry from the world of the NFL, where teams must reveal specific injuries. Coaches and NHL officials point to gambling and fantasy football as driving forces behind those detailed NFL injury reports, noting hockey has far less of that; one NHL player even joked that it would be foolish for anyone to bet on the sport.
Yet more people are. Westgate sports book vice president Jay Kornegay said the addition and success of the Vegas Golden Knights has at least tripled the amount of bets placed on NHL games this season. He said the gambling public isn't affected much by the information or lack thereof about injuries.
"There's information out there if you really want to dissect the injury," Kornegay said. "There's only maybe a handful of guys that might make a major impact, like (Connor) McDavid or (Auston) Matthews or someone like that. Could make maybe a 15-cent impact in the line, which is very minimal. Almost everybody else is like zero impact or maybe five cents impact. ... It wouldn't be like (Tom) Brady being out."
The NHL represents less than 5 percent of the total amount bet at the Westgate, and less than 6 percent for online sports book Bovada.
League executives and coaches have little to no appetite to change things.
"I would ask the question, 'Why is it important that you know everything?'" Los Angeles Kings coach John Stevens said. "I think sometimes it protects the player. Sometimes a player's working through an injury. If he's coming back, opponents might know. If it's a knee injury, they might try to take advantage of it."
The collective bargaining agreement doesn't require any specificity be included in injury announcements. And that means they vary dramatically among the 31 teams.
NHL Injury Viz , which tracks information about player injuries and illnesses, ranks teams on an "evasiveness index" based on how many injuries are called upper- or lower-body, undisclosed or soreness. Through Jan. 20 games, the Winnipeg Jets, Nashville Predators and Philadelphia Flyers were labeled the most evasive, while the New York Rangers, Vancouver Canucks and Minnesota Wild were the most open.
When Washington Capitals winger Andre Burakovsky underwent surgery to repair a broken left thumb in October, the team announced it as such. Upon his return, Burakovsky wore extra padding and worried little about opponents hacking at his thumb to try to reinjure it.
"When I'm playing, I'm playing," Burakovsky said. "I don't really focus on if they're going to go after my thumb or whatever it is."
The central debate over disclosure comes down to whether revealing specific injuries puts players in danger of being targeted. Hitchcock said "there's too much respect in the league" for that, but Capitals defenseman Brooks Orpik disagreed.
"I wouldn't say there are a lot of guys, but there's definitely more than a handful of (players) in the league that would target guys if they knew where they were hurt," Orpik said. "I don't really see what you gain by releasing it."
Hitchcock's comments generated chatter around the league and a variety of opinions, but don't expect the current system to change any time soon.
"At the end of the day, I'm not sure it's really anybody's right to know exactly what's ailing a player," deputy commissioner Bill Daly said. "Perhaps there's kind of fan interest in how long he'll be gone, when he can be back to the lineup, etc., etc., but what the precise nature of the injury is I'm not sure is really appropriate for public consumption."
Toronto Maple Leafs coach Mike Babcock said he generally agrees with Hitchcock and doesn't mind disclosing injuries, except he doesn't like talking about head injuries. Jets coach Paul Maurice went the other way, saying teams have a "responsibility" to show the NHL is handling concussions the right way but cited privacy concerns in the larger discussion about revealing specific injuries.
Then there's Carolina Hurricanes coach Bill Peters, who wouldn't mind an NFL-like policy.
"It'd be nice if the NHL just said, hey, make it full disclosure. I'd have no problem with that — as long as it's consistent across the board," Peters said.
___
Follow Hockey Writer Stephen Whyno on Twitter at https://twitter.com/SWhyno
___
For more NHL coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Twiggy is still making an impression on the fashion industry with her iconic lashes.
The stuck together, spider-like lashes were huge back in the 1960s, made famous by the British model.
Keystone Features/Getty Images
The trend features doll-like upper and lower lashes.
“ ” It's not about perfection, the clumpier the better.
They went out of fashion for a bit but are now back and better than ever.
Makeup artists have amped up the look with fake lashes and eyelash extensions.
Other people are using the '60s-inspired lashes to make a simple everyday look.
You can get these "Twiggy lashes" by using eyelash extensions or a thick mascara.
Bettmann Archive/Getty Images
Natalia Ferrara, Revitalash global brand ambassador, said Twiggy used to use false eyelashes to achieve her look, but nowadays people don't have time.
To achieve the look without false eyelashes, Ferrara layers an eyelash primer and mascara. “The more bulk I get on my lash, the easier it is to separate with my third coat,” Ferrara told ABC News.
Her one tip is to “always go vertical with the wand.”
Facebook stock took a plunge Monday. It was its worst loss in four years. The drop is a result of concerns that a data mining firm that worked for the Trump campaign improperly obtained data from tens of millions of Facebook users. That company is now banned from using Facebook.Jessica Iriarte guesses she checks her Facebook account at least 10 times a day and admits sometimes she takes those personality quizzes."I don't know who is collecting all that information, it's kinda fun and I don't know what they're doing with the information," said Iriarte.In some cases, it's more than you think. University of Cambridge Psychology Professor Aleksandr Kogan received permission from Facebook to use his personality quiz app. It collected information about profiles, likes, and users' friends. Facebook claims the professor broke the rules and gave the data to Cambridge Analytica, a political consulting company hired by the Trump campaign. All that data was extremely valuable."It will give me an indication on your political views, information about your financial status all of these things. They took these things and created a psychological profile," explained Ahmed Banafa, a cyber-security expert and professor at San Jose State University's School of Engineering.Roughly 50 million Facebook profiles were affected. Facebook admits it knew about the violation in 2015, but did not disclose it publicly. Facebook demanded Cambridge Analytica destroy all the data. The firm claims it did. In a statement, Facebook says "We are moving aggressively to determine the accuracy of these claims. We remain committed to vigorously enforcing our policies to protect people's information." Complete statement is hereFacebook has banned Cambridge Analytica from using its platform and has hired a forensics firm to complete an audit. Cybersecurity experts warn users to think twice when using third party apps on Facebook. Click here to read the statement from Facebook."There will be some kind of steps to be taken from Facebook or by the regulators to stop something like this. You cannot share the information of people without their own permission. That will be the silver lining in this whole process," said Banafa.That's the hope that many Facebook users have.
WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. (AP) -- Wake Forest has kicked center Sam Japhet-Mathias off the team for not meeting unspecified program expectations.
Coach Danny Manning announced Japhet-Mathias' dismissal Friday night.
Japhet-Mathias is a 6-foot-11 sophomore who played in six games this season, averaging 1.0 points and 1.3 rebounds.
The Demon Deacons play No. 20 Clemson on Saturday.
By Jake Howard
The United States national surf team is celebrating its first-ever team gold medal after running the table at the 2018 ISA World Longboard Surfing Championship at Riyue Bay in Wanning, China.
A lion's share of the credit goes to local Orange County surfers. San Clemente's Tory Gilkerson, who won the women's division, and Dana Point's Rachael Tilly led the charge in the competition's Aloha Cup, and Kevin Skvarna, from San Juan Capistrano, came away with a copper medal in the men's division.
“It was such an amazing experience,” said Gilkerson, who caught up with the San Clemente Times this week after returning home from China. “The team camaraderie was so much fun. It was my first ISA Longboard Championship, so it was all new to me. We were high-fiving, waving flags. It was definitely a team effort.”
The U.S. team was comprised of four surfers—the only one of them not from South Orange County was North Carolina's Tony Silvagni. All four surfers got off to a hot start at the onset of the contest, blitzing their way through round after round.
“There were days our team was surfing 10 or 15 heats, it was pretty intense,” said Gilkerson.
With the swell on the decline, the contest was on hold midway through the waiting period. Call it fate, but the timing couldn't have been better. Gilkerson was hit by a stomach flu that laid her low for a couple of days.
“It was pretty rough, but the team rallied and took care of me. By the time the contest was back on, I was feeling pretty good,” Gilkerson continued.
By the time the final day rolled around, the Americans held a slim lead over the rest of the world. The Australian team only trailed the U.S. by 410 points and it was still very much anybody's game. When Aussie ace Declan Wyton was knocked out of the contest, the door swung wide open for the U.S.
Silvagni and Skvarna found themselves in the same elimination heats three times throughout the contest, but by deftly applying team tactics, both were able to advance all the way to the final. They came away with bronze and copper medals, respectively, in the men's division.
For the women, Tilly stumbled in the main event while Gilkerson kept marching forward. Reveling in the unique Chinese surf heat after heat, the San Onofre aficionado surfed in fine form during the event.
“It was so cool to be part of the U.S. longboard team winning their first gold medal,” said Gilkerson, quick to give credit to the rest of the squad.
“We were coached by longboard world champ Colin McPhillips, and he had so much insight and experience to share. I felt like I was learning something new all the time,” Gilkerson added. “And Greg Cruse (Surfing America CEO) showed up with a suitcase full of snacks and jars of peanut butter and jelly. He was making sandwiches and cheering everyone on. It was a really special experience.”
In the end, the U.S. came away with the gold while Peru finished second. Hawaii claimed the bronze and Brazil rounded things out with a copper medal. The Aussies slipped all the way down to sixth, finishing behind the U.K.
All told, it was a good week of waves and relatively friendly competition in China, and with the 2020 Olympic Games in Japan only two short years away, things are definitely coming together for the international surfing community.
“ISA World Longboarding is back! What an amazing week!” the ISA's Robert Fasulo said in a statement. “There is no doubt that Riyue Bay has delivered as an epic venue for world-class longboarding. The ISA's vision is simple—we want to create a better world through surfing.”
Final Results
Open Men
Gold – Kai Sallas (HAW)
Silver – Benoit Clemente (PER)
Bronze – Tony Silvagni (USA)
Copper – Kevin Skvarna (USA)
Open Women
Gold – Tory Gilkerson (USA)
Silver – Chloé Calmon (BRA)
Bronze – Honolua Blomfield (HAW)
Copper – Natsumi Taoka (JPN)
Team Ranking
1 (Gold) – USA
2 (Silver) – Peru
3 (Bronze) – Hawaii
4 (Copper) – Brazil
WASHINGTON (AP) — A Pentagon official tells The Associated Press that transgender people can enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite President Donald Trump's opposition.
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military. Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban.
Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services.
Maj. David Eastburn says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles. The Department of Defense also is studying the issue.
Transcript for Cities hold vigils for Charlottesville as new details emerge
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Australia's deputy prime minister on Monday became the latest lawmaker to reveal he might have breached a constitutional prohibition on dual citizens becoming lawmakers, after the New Zealand government declared he was a kiwi.
Barnaby Joyce told Parliament he would become the fifth lawmaker to be referred to the High Court since last month for scrutiny over whether he was entitled to remain in Parliament.
Joyce, who leads the conservative Nationals minor coalition party, said he had legal advice that he would be cleared by the court and would not stand down from Cabinet.
The 116-year-old section of the constitution that bans dual nationals is taking an extraordinary toll on the finely balanced Parliament elected in July last year. Before the careers of five came under a cloud since July, only two elected lawmakers were caught. Both were elected in the late 1990s and were quickly disqualified by the High Court, the first over New Zealand citizenship and the second for being British.
Critics of the constitutional rule argue it no longer suits the modern multicultural Australia in which almost half the population was born overseas or has at least one overseas-born parent.
If Joyce was disqualified, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's center-right government could lose its single-seat majority in the House of Representatives where parties need a majority to govern. The other four lawmakers are senators who is a if disqualified would be replaced by members of their own parties.
Joyce said he was notified by the New Zealand High Commission on Thursday that the New Zealand government had discovered "I may be a citizen by descent of New Zealand."
"Needless to say, I was shocked to receive this information," said Joyce, whose father migrated from New Zealand in 1947. Joyce was born in Australia in 1967.
New Zealand Prime Minister Bill English said he was told last week that Joyce was a New Zealand citizen.
"Unwittingly or not, he's (Joyce) a New Zealand citizen and then it's a matter for the Australian system to decide how Australian law applies in his case and how they deal with the issue," English said.
The Australian opposition demanded that the government refuse to accept Joyce's vote in Parliament and dump him from Cabinet until the court resolved his status. But Turnbull said he was confident that Joyce was eligible to sit in Parliament.
"We did not refer this matter to the court because of any doubt about the Member for New England's (Joyce's) position, but because of the need, plainly in the public interest, to give the court the opportunity to clarify the operation of the section (of the constitution) so important to the operation of our Parliament," Turnbull told Parliament.
The citizenship crisis first took hold in Parliament when two minor Greens party senators, Scott Ludlam and Larissa Waters, quit days apart after discovering they were still citizens of their birth countries. Ludlam was born in New Zealand and Waters was born in Canada. Both left as children and made no efforts to secure citizenship other than Australian.
Turnbull accused the Greens of "incredible sloppiness" in vetting candidates, before senior government minister Matt Canavan announced that he had discovered he was Italian.
Australia-born Canavan, who said his mother applied for his Italian citizenship without his permission when he was aged 25, stood down as resources minister, but said he was staying in the Senate unless the court declares them ineligible.
Joyce temporarily shouldered Canavan's portfolio and became a vocal supporter of his Nationals colleague.
New Zealand Minister of Internal Affairs Peter Dunne said that under the 1948 New Zealand Citizenship Act, every person born outside of New Zealand to a parent who was a New Zealand citizen by birth was automatically a New Zealand citizen.
"The problem is not with the New Zealand citizenship laws but rather with the Australian constitution," Dunne said.
Last week, anti-immigration, anti-Muslim party One Nation Sen. Malcolm Roberts was referred to the High Court after he revealed that he only received written confirmation that he was not a British citizen five months after he was elected in July last year.
————
Associated Press writer Nick Perry, in Wellington, New Zealand, contributed to this report
23:11 Reported News Briefs Sivan 20, 5777 , 14/06/17 Sivan 20, 5777 , 14/06/17 Watch: Gunman opens fire on GOP baseball team Read more Video captures some of the chaos that ensued after the shooting in Alexandria, Virginia. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Chris heads over to Moe's Original BBQ to speak with Bridgett Murphree about how Moe's can help you this holiday season!
Back at Moe's Bridgett shows off some of the great sides you can find!
Now we get a look at the delicious wings, fish and cornbread!
Wrapping up Chris and Bridgett talks about how to get Moe's to cater for your holiday cooking needs.
Two-time WWE Hall of Famer Ric Flair was hospitalized and admitted to an intensive care unit over the weekend, and after initially downplaying the seriousness of the issue, a representative for Flair has made a plea for public support.
Melinda Morris Zanoni, the CEO of Legacy Talent LLC, tweeted out the latest on Flair's situation late Sunday night.
As first reported by Pro Wrestling Sheet, Flair was hospitalized on Saturday morning for heart-related issues, with Zanoni initially reporting the situation involved "routine monitoring." PW Insider's Mike Johnson reported that Flair is hospitalized near his home in Atlanta.
Flair, 68, has spent the last five decades of his career in the world of professional wrestling with a reputation as one of the most charismatic personalities in the history of that business. His popularity and personality have transcended into the world of professional sports on many occasions, with players recreating some of his most famous wrestling promos and Flair himself often called to serve as a motivational speaker.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Multivehicle accident in Petaluma on Lakeville Hwy one person dead four others injured. Police say cause may be distracted driver who crossed double yellow line. pic.twitter.com/Oq1MUVqudP — Vic Lee (@vicleeabc7) April 24, 2018
One person died in a multi-vehicle collision on Lakeville Highway in Petaluma Tuesday morning, a REDCOM fire and emergency center dispatcher said.A pickup truck collided with two cars on Lakeville Highway near South McDowell Blvd. in Petaluma.Petaluma police say the accident happened shortly after 7 a.m. when a Chevrolet Silvarado Pickup travelling westbound crossed a double yellow line, colliding with an oncoming Honda and a Toyota Prius.The woman driver of the Prius suffered fatal injuries.Two men in the truck and the driver of the Honda were taken to the hospital with serious to moderate injuries, according to Lt. Ron Klein of the Petaluma Police.ABC7 News spoke with Cesar Pomajulca an employee of Labcon Co. which has offices next to the Highway. He was one of the first to rush over to the accident site to help the crash victims.Pomajulca holds a medical degree from his native Peru.He ran to the Prius which had major damages and saw the driver still in her seat."When I got there, the woman was unconscious with fractures on both arms and she had a weak pulse. She was in a bad situation. I looked in her eyes and there were signs of brain damage."Pomajulca also helped extricate the two men inside the truck. He helped treat their injuries until paramedics arrived.He and others ABC7news spoke with say this stretch of the Lakeville Highway is dangerous, with drivers ignoring the 45 miles an hour speed limit.Lt. Klein says speed has yet to be determined as a cause of the accident but that the preliminary investigation shows the driver of the pickup truck may have been distracted.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The special counsel appointed to investigate Russian influence in the 2016 presidential campaign is now examining whether President Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice, it has been reported.
Accusations of obstruction arose last month when Trump fired FBI Director James Comey. Comey testified in a Senate hearing last week that he believed he was fired "because of the Russia investigation."
Comey also testified he had told Trump he was not under investigation.
The Washington Post reported late Wednesday that Mueller was seeking interviews with three Trump administration officials who weren't involved in Trump's campaign: Dan Coats, the director of national intelligence; Michael Rogers, the head of the National Security Agency; and Richard Ledgett, the former NSA deputy director.
Mark Corallo, a spokesman for Trump's personal lawyer, responded Wednesday evening to the Post report by saying: "The FBI leak of information regarding the president is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal."
The Post report cited anonymous sources who were briefed on requests made by investigators. It was not known whether the FBI was the source of the information. The New York Times also reported the story.
Mueller met Wednesday with the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee in an effort to ensure their investigations don't conflict.
The leaders of the Senate Intelligence committee said in a statement issued Wednesday that they "look forward to future engagements" with Robert Mueller.
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr, R-N.C., and Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, the panel's top Democrat, didn't provide any other details regarding the meeting. An aide familiar with the meeting said it was held to discuss the investigations, including ways that the parallel inquiries don't interfere with or overlap one another. The aide spoke on condition of anonymity because the meeting was private.
The meeting comes a day after lawmakers questioned Justice Department officials about the probe and Mueller's independence, and after a friend of Trump said the White House was considering firing Mueller.
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller last month, testified Tuesday he has seen no evidence of good cause to fire Mueller.
Also Wednesday, Senate Judiciary Chairman Charles Grassley said his panel will investigate the removal of former FBI Director James Comey and "any alleged improper partisan interference in law enforcement investigations."
Grassley announced the investigation in a letter to California Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the panel's top Democrat. Grassley's office said the letter is in response to a recent letter from Feinstein requesting that the committee seek details from senior FBI leadership about Comey's interactions with President Donald Trump before he was fired.
The letter said the investigation will also probe Comey's testimony that Loretta Lynch, as President Barack Obama's attorney general, had directed him to describe an FBI probe into Hillary Clinton's email practices as merely a "matter" and to avoid calling it an investigation.
"You and I agree that the American people deserve a full accounting of attempts to meddle in both our democratic processes and the impartial administration of justice ... It is my view that fully investigating the facts, circumstances, and rationale for Mr. Comey's removal will provide us the opportunity to do that on a cooperative, bipartisan basis," according to the letter.
Feinstein has said the Judiciary Committee should investigate, but had asked Grassley to keep the investigations separate. Grassley said Comey's dismissal and Comey's testimony on Lynch should be looked at together, noting that Comey "took the opportunity in his testimony to clear his own name by denouncing as false the administration's claims that the FBI rank-and-file had lost confidence in Mr. Comey's leadership in the wake of the Clinton email investigation."
HUNTSVILLE, Ala. (AP) — Alabama Democrats see Tuesday's special Senate election as a chance to renounce a history littered with politicians whose race-baiting, bombast and other baggage have long soiled the state's reputation beyond its borders.
Many Republicans see the vote as chance to ratify their conservative values and protect President Donald Trump's agenda ahead of the 2018 midterm elections.
At the center are Republican Roy Moore, a former jurist twice removed as state chief justice and now accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls decades ago, and Democrat Doug Jones, an erstwhile federal prosecutor best known for prosecuting two Ku Klux Klansmen responsible for killing four black girls in the 1963 bombing of Birmingham's 16th Street Baptist Church.
The winner will take the seat held previously by Trump's attorney general, Jeff Sessions. Republicans control the Senate with 52 seats.
In truth, the matchup mixes both Alabama's tortured history and the nation's current divisive, bitterly partisan politics, and it has made a spectacle of a Deep South state well acquainted with national scrutiny but not accustomed to competitive general elections.
"This is an election to tell the whole world what we stand for," Jones told supporters at one stop Sunday, adding that his campaign "is on the right side of history." At an earlier appearance, he declared Alabama is "at a crossroads" and that Moore, an unapologetic evangelical populist, tries only to "create conflict and division."
Jones, 63, stops short of explicitly comparing Moore to the four-term Gov. George Wallace, whose populism was rooted in segregation. But Jones alluded Sunday to that era of Alabama politics.
"Elect a responsible man to a responsible office," Jones said, repeating the campaign slogan of another Alabama governor, Albert Brewer, who nearly defeated Wallace in 1970 in a contest Alabama liberals and many moderates still lament as a lost opportunity.
Some of Jones' supporters put it even more bluntly. "I thought Alabama's image was pretty much at the bottom," said Pat Lawrence, a retired software engineer in Huntsville. A Moore win, Lawrence added, "will be a whole new bottom."
Those concerns extend even to some GOP quarters. Alabama's senior senator, Richard Shelby, confirmed Sunday that he did not vote for Moore, saying he wrote in another "distinguished" party figure he declined to name.
Yet for many Republicans, Moore is a paragon of traditional values. They reject accusations that he molested two teenage girls and pursued relationships with others decades ago. Moore denies the charges.
"Everyone has to vote their convictions," said Kevin Mims of Montgomery, as he held his Bible outside his Baptist church Sunday in Montgomery. "My conviction is he's the right man for the job."
Where Moore's critics see a state judge who defied federal courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court's decision legalizing same-sex marriage, Mims sees a stalwart who stands "on the word of God." Other conservatives see an anti-establishment firebrand in the mold of Trump, who won Alabama by 28 percentage points.
Moore encourages that view with fundraising emails that urge backers to help him "defeat the elite," a swipe at both Democrats and the establishment Republicans who tried to deny him the GOP nomination earlier this year.
Ultimately, Republicans from Moore to Trump himself are betting on a simple bottom line: Most Alabama conservatives simply won't defect to a Democrat.
"If Alabama elects liberal Democrat Doug Jones, all of our progress will be stopped cold," Trump says in a robocall the Moore campaign plans to push out Monday.
The president also invokes a common fear among Republicans, calling Jones "a puppet of Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer," the Democratic House and Senate leaders in Washington, both of them reviled by conservative voters. "Roy Moore is the guy we need to pass our Make American Great Again agenda," the president insists.
Moore's baggage could make it difficult to draw conclusions about what the results might mean beyond Alabama, but both parties are watching closely.
Democrats need to flip 24 GOP-held seats to reclaim a House majority, and they're trying to dent the slim Republican advantage in the Senate and its dominance of statehouses around the country. In many of those races, they'll need the same thing Jones must get to win in Alabama: strong turnout among young and non-white voters, along with improved performance among suburban moderates.
A Jones victory would be hailed as a potential precursor, and Democrats have indicated they have a post-Alabama strategy even if Jones loses: They'll take Alabama's brand national, hammering Republicans as "the party of Donald Trump and Roy Moore."
-----
Barrow reported from Mobile, Alabama. Follow Barrow on Twitter at https://twitter.com/BillBarrowAP and Chandler at https://twitter.com/StatehouseKim.
ALBUQUERQUE, New Mexico (CBSNews) — Family and friends gathered Sunday to mourn an Albuquerque bank executive who died after the Southwest Airlines plane she was on blew an engine in midair.
Nearly a thousand people attended the evening service for Jennifer Riordan — a beloved member of the community, a wife and mother of two.
More From CBS News
Now for the first time, Jennifer's husband Michael is speaking out publicly.
Here's a transcript of his conversation with CBS News' transportation correspondent Kris Van Cleave.
MICHAEL RIORDAN: One of the most comforting things through all this is she called me that morning … she just called to check in on the day, how, what we were going to do that night when she got home and we ended with I love you, safe travels.
KRIS VAN CLEAVE: How did you find out about what had happened?
MR: There was a chaplain from the hospital that called … and he said well I'm from Philadelphia I forgot the name of the hospital and I said well my wife was flying to Chicago today and he said no there was a plane that was diverted here I've going to have a doctor give you a call … and then the doctor called and said I'm sorry Michael but we've done everything we can but we couldn't save her … and I just dropped the phone.
MR: Then I switched to the second and third phone calls the worst calls of my life to her father and mother and then trying to figure out how to tell my kids that their mom wasn't coming home.
KVC: What do you want your kids to hold onto when they think about their mother.
MR: Kind, loving, caring and sharing … 100 percent … and that's every decision we make is going to be based on that … when I have those four little eyes look at me thinking how we're going to get through that's going to make me a better dad and … a better husband and a better person.
More: ‘She Has Nerves Of Steel:' Pilot Who Landed Crippled Southwest Flight Hailed As A Hero
KVC: Do you see her as your guardian angel now?
MR: Absolutely! She was before … she's been that day since we met when we were teenagers … and I just didn't know it and now I do.
KVC: If you could talk to her today what would you tell her?
MR: I love you, I have no idea how I can do this without her but I can. It's the love affair that will never end. No one can take her from my heart and no one can take her from our family.
Mr. Riordan said he knows there will be some dark days ahead as he and his two children Averie, 12, and Josh, 10, really begin to grieve. They are carrying guardian angel coins handed out at the memorial service last weekend — a reminder that Jennifer is still looking out for them.
© 2018 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved.
NC State coach Mark Gottfried's tenure in Raleigh is likely coming to an end following the season, unless the Wolfpack go on a run over the next few weeks and in the ACC tournament, sources told ESPN.
"He could be gone this week, if they get pounded by North Carolina tomorrow night," one source close to the situation told ESPN on Tuesday night.
Gottfried, 53, was hired by athletic director Debbie Yow in 2011 and proceeded to go to the NCAA tournament in each of his first four seasons, including a pair of Sweet 16 appearances.
However, the Wolfpack were 16-17 last season and are 14-12 and 3-10 in ACC play this season, with a likely high lottery pick on the roster in Dennis Smith Jr.
Yow, according to several sources, has been unhappy with the lack of effort with the current team.
"They have more than enough talent to get to the NCAA tourney," one ACC coach told ESPN. "They just don't play hard at all."
NC State spokesman Fred Demarest told ESPN that Gottfried remains the coach and that the focus of the team is on North Carolina. He also denied that the school has reached out to other candidates, as several reports have indicated.
If NC State does make a coaching move, it's likely that Dayton coach and NC State alum Archie Miller would be high atop the list, although sources told ESPN that Miller is unlikely to take the job.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — U.S. authorities are investigating Apple's slowing of older iPhones, according to published reports.
The Wall Street Journal and Bloomberg reported Tuesday that the Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission are probing whether Apple violated securities laws. In December, Apple apologized for the slowdown after a blogger's tests revealed the secretive practice.
Apple has previously been rebuked by lawmakers, and faces a French probe and a slew of lawsuits that allege the company aimed to juice sales of newer models.
Apple shares fell 0.6 percent to close at $166.97 and are down 7 percent since Thursday. Wall Street is also worried about weak demand for its flagship iPhone X.
The Justice Department and SEC declined comment. Apple did not respond to a request for comment.
Transcript for How an action sport star is preparing for his biggest stunt yet
attempt tol off the ultimate tribute to Evel knievel. Tr Pastrana is tg to do his most daring stunts this weekend and kayna Whitworth is back with us this mng with a behind-the-scenepreview. O again. Dan, so Cal him fearless, call him crazy if you want. As long ou call him dedid. Travis has S his life ING the limits but this weekend he's taking O his biggesallenge yet and hoping make historythe process. Trying toolidify his pce in the his books Travis pastra ready tokle his biggest challenge I never attempted asars I'm going to have to scombrufr on the day? On julyth in a thhour special on the history channel ill attempt Tak the rico established by world famous daredevil Evel knievel and succully jump over 52 cars. Ll, what would Evel have done ask push it as far as he would have done and that's WHA we're doing. Eporter: That stunt fwed by a second one in which he'll try to fly over 16 buses. It'eay the first time in --Ince Evel's day since anyone has tried this, fun but scary at the Sam time. A cnating in live grand finale. No one has jumped jumpedhe's. It nearly ki him. Wardbe, outfit. It does make riding little more difficult. Hopefully the leather if I end up sliding across the gd will help stopoad rash. Pastrana knows all too W the dangers ofreme sports. Unfortely with my wrist I went up T 35 surgeries. 35. And i4 years old I was really hoping that my age would surpass my surgeries but I'm almost E. Reporter: With only a few days til he performs these ath-defying feats he knois time T break Recor won't last forever. Att point do younk it ll be enough? My dad always said R the train sthe wheelome off. He will be riding a bike Simila the one. VEL rode when attempted T stunt, a lot heavier than dirt bikes he's used to, also by T his wife andng daughters will be on hand. He told me wife said be safe, but remember nobody likes a loser. That might ring in ears as he's flying over the fountain. We'll watch it airs this sundayuly 8th and Travis willn us live on day.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
When a heavy rain hits New Orleans, residents move their cars to higher ground for fear of fast-rising street flooding. Knee-deep potholes can eat a car's fender. When pressure drops in the city's aging water delivery system, restaurants and cafes have to boil water to feed customers.
Battered by nature and neglect, New Orleans is one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure." But when looking at the billion-dollar needs of this 300-year-old city, two things become apparent: The rebuilding task is immense and it's not clear the president's new plan will help.
The city needs about $11.6 billion to bring key parts of its infrastructure into "this century," said city official Katie Dignan. That means repairing the roads, the infrastructure under them — sewer, water and drainage — as well as other parts of the drainage system that empties the city of water when it rains.
Dignan said the city has about $2 billion available, some from FEMA to mitigate Hurricane Katrina damage and some from other sources. Now, the city faces choices on how to come up with the remainder. Mayor Mitch Landrieu, who calls the aging sewer, water and drainage system a "prime example" of needed infrastructure work, has doubts about Trump's proposal.
Trump called on Congress to produce a bill that generates "at least $1.5 trillion" for infrastructure investment. But he hasn't detailed how much money the federal government would actually supply and has suggested that much of the money would come from state and local governments or private-sector investments.
"What the president is really proposing is not HIS infrastructure plan but basically saying to the states and the cities: 'Build it on your own and find another way to pay for it through raising taxes or cutting services,'" Landrieu, a Democrat and the current president of the U.S. Conference of Mayors, said Thursday.
Finding more money is a challenge in a financially strapped Louisiana — and in a city that was facing a major budget deficit when Landrieu took office eight years ago.
Landrieu said public-private partnerships can work on some types of projects where there's money to pay back the partner, but poorer cities — often those with the biggest infrastructure problems — are going to have a harder time. Forcing cities like New Orleans to pay for the infrastructure means taking money away from other local priorities, such as housing homeless veterans, he said.
The precariousness of the city's infrastructure was on full display last August when a massive downpour overwhelmed the pumping system and inundated many neighborhoods.
The Broad Theater was still recovering from a previous rainstorm when the August storm hit. Movie-goers evacuated waist-high waters by boat. Manager Michael Domangue lost his car to the flood. The theater closed for seven days and had to refund tickets.
"I still feel when we rain, people get worried about coming here," Domangue said.
And this damage all happened within sight of a pumping station that's part of the drainage system. Of the $11.6 billion, an estimated $2 billion is needed for long-term repairs and upgrades to the city's pumping system, Dignan said, although she cautioned that figure could change. The other $9.6 billion would go toward fixing the roads and the infrastructure under them. That includes a drinking water system plagued by wasteful leaks and occasional power failures and pressure drops that can let contaminants in — requiring residents to boil water.
Renee Blanchard owns the Church Alley Coffee Bar. She bought a $3,500 reverse osmosis water filtration system so that she can still make lattes and cappuccinos when the water pressure drops. Blanchard is frustrated that a small business in a big city has to deal with such expensive problems.
"That's ridiculous," she said. "I'm so small. I work most of the hours. I started off with a tiny bit of savings."
All cities have potholes but the New Orleans streets are in another category. Locals put traffic cones or tires into especially deep potholes to warn other drivers.
"If it rains the day before and it's filled with water, you don't know the pothole's there. You could tear up your car, your front end," Kenny Buras said of his street.
Residents try to take it in stride. During the summer flooding, people canoed through the streets, sometimes with a drink in hand. In May 2016, there was a "Sinkhole de Mayo" party after a massive sinkhole opened up at the foot of Canal Street.
But there's also a real frustration about how problems in New Orleans and elsewhere will be fixed.
Resident James Jensen noted mudslides and fires in California and rising seas in Miami: "There's many New Orleans out there."
———
Associated Press writer Stacey Plaisance contributed to this report.
———
Follow Santana on Twitter @ruskygal.
SAN DIEGO (AP) — One year later, Tiger Woods looked five years younger.
There are intangibles that are hard to measure, though at this stage in his return, they mean more than the traditional measure of a golfer.
Woods was walking just as tall at the end of the week as when he arrived at Torrey Pines for the Farmers Insurance Open, and not just because he played four rounds on the PGA Tour for the first time in 29 months.
It's not often that Woods says words like "pleased" and "positive" after a tie for 23rd.
But it would be hard to argue with him.
This did not look like the previous five comebacks from when he had the first of four back surgeries a week before the 2014 Masters. There was no sense of how long he would last, rather how long it would take for him to get sharper.
"Ninety holes over five days in a row ... I know he did that in the Bahamas, but those were 3½ hours, and now we're playing five-hour rounds," caddie Joe LaCava said. "That makes a difference because you're adding about seven, eight hours on your feet, playing golf, thinking about what to hit, and hitting shots. So I'm glad he got through that. I'm not saying health isn't going to be an issue, but it certainly looks better than it has."
The only concern was off the tee. Woods hit 17 out of 56 fairways for the week, tied for last among the 77 players who made the cut. He hit only three fairways in each of the final three rounds, and his drive on the par-5 10th hole on the North Course was 65 yards left of the edge of the fairway.
But then, that might have worked in his favor.
How else would he get a sense that his back could handle so many violent swings required to get him out of that mess?
"Some of the shots I had to hit out of the rough, out of the trees, shaping them both ways, and a few times I had to jack up the speed," Woods said after the final round. "And had no issues at all."
The issue was being there in the first place, but there's time.
Woods headed home for two weeks before he comes back out to California for the Genesis Open at Riviera, a course where he made his PGA Tour debut at age 16 in 1992 but last played in 2006. He's likely to play the Honda Classic a week later, and then have two weeks off before the Arnold Palmer Invitational at Bay Hill.
That might be it before the Masters. Woods is not in the two World Golf Championships in March. He is contemplating the Valspar Championship at Innisbrook, but that would mean four tournaments in five weeks, and that might be too much too soon.
If there was curiosity about his performance at Torrey Pines, there is even more about how he plays Riviera.
"We can see the swing is out of sync. He can feel it's out of sync," six-time major winner Nick Faldo said before the final round. "I'm thinking he's going to go away for two weeks and it will be very interesting if he can put his finger on the things he needs to work on."
Keeping score should be easy in golf, except when it comes to this version of Woods.
There is a call for patience because he has played so little tournament golf and even less with a semblance of good health. But at some point, he should be measured against the field. He should be measured not so much by winning, but by having a chance.
Asked what he thought of Woods' return, two-time U.S. Open champion Curtis Strange took the right path.
"It's not for me to pass judgment on four rounds of golf," he said Tuesday. "I'm giving him most of the year, and then we'll revisit."
In the meantime, his return was as advertised.
Tournament officials issued a notice a few hours after Woods two-putted for birdie from 75 feet to make the cut on the number. It said public parking for Saturday was sold out.
The gallery for the final group on Saturday — which included Jon Rahm, who had a chance at reaching No. 1 in the world — was typical of the last two years, mainly because the thousands of additional fans were with Woods. From behind the third green, one could see across the gorge to the 14th hole, where fans stood shoulder to shoulder from the tee to the corporate box next to the green.
On Sunday, Woods worked his way through the gallery behind the eighth green, across the 18th fairway and then through another throng to get to his final hole. Everyone wanted a glimpse of him. Right after Woods walked by, one woman broke into a big smile and said to her friend, "Those 45 minutes were so worth it."
There is no greater appeal in golf than Woods, especially when it looks as though he might be around a while.
19:23 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Car thieves killed after crashing car into Connecticut Synagogue Read more
Two men involved in a police chase were killed after crashing a stolen car into a synagogue in Connecticut early Monday morning. ► ◄ Last Briefs
MADRID (AP) — Palma on the island of Mallorca plans to become the first Spanish city to prohibit the rental of apartments to tourists.
Palma mayor Antoni Noguera says Tuesday that his government will vote for the ban in a city council because "there is nothing worse than having residents who can't live in their city nor afford a rent."
Rents in Mallorca and in most Spanish cities have increased in recent years. Many residents and local lawmakers blame the price rise on internet sites and apps that allow travelers to rent apartments short-term directly from homeowners.
Noguera says that houses will be excluded from the ban, unless they are in protected areas, near airports or in industrial areas.
Former UCLA star Lonzo Ball pokes fun at his dad's outspoken nature in a commercial released in advance of Father's Day and next week's NBA Draft.
The Foot Locker commercial begins with likely lottery picks Jonathan Isaac, De'Aaron Fox and Jayson Tatum discussing examples of how their dads have supported them. Then it shows Ball saying "of course there's that big day when your dad berates your high school coach in front of an entire crowd for not getting you enough touch."
Later in the commercial, Ball references LaVar Ball's debates with ESPN's Stephen A. Smith and proclamations that Lonzo already is better than 2014-15 and 2015-6 NBA MVP Stephen Curry.
Ball is expected to be one of the top picks in the June 22 draft in Brooklyn, New York.
NEW YORK (AP) — A spokeswoman for a New Jersey city where the Kushner Cos. is a major real estate developer says the firm has withdrawn its request for a 30-year tax break for one of its buildings.
Jersey City spokeswoman Jennifer Morrill says the company owned by the family of Jared Kushner sent a letter about a week ago withdrawing a request for a break on city taxes for its planned One Journal Square building. The mayor recently came out against the break.
It is the latest setback for the Kushner real estate company in a city where it has several projects.
The shared office space company WeWork recently pulled out as anchor tenant of One Journal Square. That has reportedly put in doubt a state tax break that was tied to WeWork.
Comments
comments
Board member Wayne McNeese made a motion during Monday's monthly meeting to cancel classes Aug. 21 when the area is expected to have an influx of visitors due to the total solar eclipse. The motion failed, keeping classes in session.
“I really have a problem with us going to school on [Aug. 21], because of the liability we expose our teachers to. If not talking about a monetary liability, but these teachers are going to be responsible for 25-30 kids. No way all of those kids will be able to be watched. There are going to be incidents where these kids take off their glasses or whatever they do,” McNeese said.
Board members Johnnie Payton and Tom Sottek said they felt having students in school supervised was a better situation than having some students at home without supervision.
Jennifer Johnson, Wilson County Schools spokesperson, said students are allowed three unexcused absences at parent's discretion and one could be used Aug. 21.
“Unfortunately, we know that not all parents have the luxury of taking a day off from work for something like an eclipse, and we'd hate it for those students to sit home and miss the event all together,” Johnson said last month.
McNeese also raised concern about potential traffic issues following the eclipse due to the expected number of visitors to the area.
NASA ambassador Theo Wellington spoke to the Wilson County Commission earlier this year and discussed the solar eclipse.
Wellington said half of the U.S. population is within a single day's drive to the total solar eclipse path, which means areas along the path, such as Wilson County, will experience an influx of visitors.
“We're going to be in close contact with emergency personnel. If there is the chaos and pandemonium they're predicting, we will hold buses – whatever we need to do -- because kids will be in a safe place,” said Wilson County Director of Schools Donna Wright. “We're not going to release kids and have them stuck.”
Wright said the district would work with local emergency service agencies to monitor traffic situations.
The district bought 19,000 sets of glasses for students and teachers.
Leesa Hubbard, special education teacher and space enthusiast, led two training sessions aimed at creating lessons, activities and plans for students for the Aug. 21 total solar eclipse.
Hubbard said part of the training included safety beyond glasses, such as limiting time outside prior to and after the total eclipse, expected to last two minutes and 37 seconds.
The general public will not be allowed to enter schools for the eclipse, but Wright said several schools have invited parents to the school for the event.
The school board also honored Wilson County school bus driver David Wright during Monday's meeting. Wright became the ninth inductee into the Tennessee School Bus Driver Hall of Fame in June.
Wright, one of the longest tenured drivers in the state, has spent 49 years with the school system, starting in 1967. Wright has driven a bus for every school in Wilson County.
Wright has said he takes pride in his bus and making sure his pupils arrive at their destination without harm. He is also known for his love of Wilson County sports and can be spotted at athletic games after driving a busload of athletes.
Wright has been married to his wife, Helen, for nearly 50 years, and the couple has a son, Calvin.
FORT LEE, N.J. (AP) — The Fort Lee Film Commission in New Jersey celebrated Black History Month by honoring a pioneering African-American filmmaker with ties to the area.
The Record reports (http://bit.ly/2l7a4Yd) that film and history enthusiasts gathered at the Fort Lee Museum to highlight the works of director Oscar Micheaux on Tuesday night. The film commission has honored the director annually since the group's inception in 2002.
The group discussed Micheaux's opposition of hate groups and his positive portrayals of African-Americans throughout the event.
Micheaux produced and directed five films in Fort Lee between 1920 and 1948. He is also credited with making the first African-American-produced sound film with an entirely black cast.
Fort Lee Film Commission Executive Director Tom Meyers says the group would like to expand the event to discuss more black filmmakers with an entire exhibit.
___
Information from: The Record (Woodland Park, N.J.), http://www.northjersey.com
A Sleaford area couple have enjoyed a fantastic opening weekend to their new business venture having breathed new life into an old Sleaford pub premises after a lengthy period of closure.
Ryan and Hollie Blankley, who previously ran Bar 51 in Sleaford, have taken on the former Rose and Crown premises on Watergate.
Watergate Yard, Sleaford. EMN-180207-180207001
The old sign has been removed from the historic, 300 year-old building and gifted to the former landlady and it has been rebranded as Watergate Yard as part of the revamp.
After a month of refurbishments since acquiring the property, with help from friends, they opened on Friday evening with masses of local people keen to support the new bar and find out the newest place to be in town.
Hollie said: “The look is less industrial than Bar 51, more vintage with a modern twist.”
This includes stylish grey tiles and paintwork behind the bar, brass pipe light fittings, retro wallpaper and chunky tables and chairs. She said: “It's a real mix. The colours really complement each other.”
The outdoor area at Watergate Yard, Sleaford. EMN-180207-180126001
The garden area is a key feature too, with beer barrel tables and a tin ‘shack' shelter.
Hollie said: “The garden has come together beautifully. I think it will change the dynamic of our business. There isn't an outside space like it in Sleaford, it feels such an oasis of calm.”
They bring back their wide selection of gins and ales and have employed two new chefs - Stefan and Adam who are putting together a small, but developing menu. The business now has a staff team of 12, with a new ‘brunch' menu too.
Hollie said: “We have paper menus to begin with so we can try things out with our suggestions board. It is important we give people what they want.”
A busy opening night at the bar in Watergate Yard, Sleaford. EMN-180207-180036001
Music will play a part in the atmosphere and they hope to bring back the open mic nights. They also aim to have a wider lunchtime food offer.
The couple plan to refurbish and open up the guest rooms upstairs over the next month.
Ryan said: “There has been really great hype about us opening and we are humbled by the support. Sleaford has such a strong sense of community. We want everyone to do well.”
The interior of Watergate Yard. EMN-180207-175955001
The FBI has arrested a 23-year-old man who authorities say attempted to detonate what he believed was an explosives-laden van outside an Oklahoma bank.Officials say Jerry Drake Varnell of Sayre, Oklahoma, was arrested Saturday in connection with a plot to detonate a vehicle bomb in Oklahoma City.A federal complaint says the FBI learned in December that Varnell wanted to blow up a building and that an undercover FBI agent posed as someone who could help. Officials say Varnell initially wanted to blow up the Federal Reserve Building in Washington, D.C., with a device similar to one used in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing.Varnell is scheduled to appear in federal court Monday afternoon on a charge of attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce.
The Latest on U.S. Vice President Mike Pence's trip to Asia (all times local):
12:15 p.m.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence has arrived in Japan for the second stop of a 10-day Asia tour.
His plane touched down Tuesday at the U.S. military's Atsugi base outside Tokyo.
The focus of his trip is expected to shift in Japan to trade. North Korea's nuclear and missile development dominated the agenda on his first stop in South Korea.
Pence told business leaders before leaving Seoul that the Trump administration is reviewing all trade agreements as part of its "America First" policy.
White House officials say the meetings in Tokyo are meant to forge a framework for future discussions after the U.S. withdrew from a Pacific Rim trade pact.
Residents of Hollywood awake on New Year's Day to find that the landmark sign now reads "Hollyweed".
The iconic hillside sign overlooking Southern California's Hollywood was defaced overnight Saturday, Reuters reports.
Residents awoke on Sunday to find "Hollyweed" staring down at them in four-story, white letters from Los Angeles' Mount Lee.
City surveillance cameras captured footage of someone dressed in black about 3:00 a.m. local time whom police believe was behind the prank, Sgt. Robert Payan of the Los Angeles Police Department told Reuters in a phone interview.
Material similar to a tarp was placed over the two O's to make them appear as E's, and park rangers were assessing how to remove them, he added.
There were no suspects, but the person if caught could be charged with misdemeanor trespassing, said Payan.
The prank comes two months after a ballot measure to make recreational marijuana legal for adults was easily approved by California voters on November 8. It remains unclear whether the prank was related.
The Hollywood sign remains a popular spot for hikers and tourists, who used to be able to walk up to the sign and take a picture. Now, a fence blocks people, and accessing the sign is difficult, noted Reuters.
'13 Reasons Why' receives backlash from the suicide prevention community More Dr. Janet Taylor appears live on "GMA" to discuss the controversy surrounding the new Netflix original series, co-produced by Selena Gomez, Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for '13 Reasons Why' receives backlash from the suicide prevention community This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Now Playing: Kate Walsh talks about '13 Reasons Why'
Now Playing: Lady Gaga, who is headlining Coachella, was seen filming her upcoming movie, 'A Star is born'
Now Playing: '13 Reasons Why' receives backlash from the suicide prevention community
Now Playing: Prince William speaks to Lady Gaga about the stigma over mental illness
Now Playing: New details of Prince's death revealed as documents are released
Now Playing: Prince Harry says he 'shut down' his emotions after his mother's death
Now Playing: Author Kelly Oxford talks new book and social media fame
Now Playing: Janet Jackson tweets photo of 14-week-old son, Eissa
Now Playing: Prince Harry opens up about seeking counseling after his mother's death
Now Playing: Anne Hathaway dishes on her $15 flea market dress
Now Playing: Jennifer Hudson's favorite part about working with Adam Sandler
Now Playing: Millions waiting for viral sensation April the giraffe's calf to be named
Now Playing: Lady Gaga takes over for pregnant Beyonce at Coachella
Now Playing: Star Wars fans descend on Orlando for 'Star Wars Celebration'
Now Playing: April the giraffe finally gives birth
Now Playing: Dave Filoni weighs in on Scarif battle and 'Star Wars Rebels' finale
Now Playing: The biggest 'Star Wars' reveals we learned at Celebration 2017
Now Playing: 'Star Wars' cosplay championship
Now Playing: New York Giants memorabilia scandal
Now Playing: April the giraffe gives birth Now Playing: {{itm.title}}
{"id":46853527,"title":"'13 Reasons Why' receives backlash from the suicide prevention community","duration":"3:54","description":"Dr. Janet Taylor appears live on \"GMA\" to discuss the controversy surrounding the new Netflix original series, co-produced by Selena Gomez,","url":"/GMA/video/13-reasons-receives-backlash-suicide-prevention-community-46853527","section":"GMA","mediaType":"default"}
Jazz center Rudy Gobert, who suffered a hyperextension and bone bruise to his left knee on the first possession of Utah's 97-95 Game 1 victory Saturday over the? LA Clippers,?will not play in Game 2 of the series.
An MRI on Saturday night showed no ligament damage, meaning the Defensive Player of the Year candidate avoided serious injury.
"Trying to get better every day," Gobert told ESPN via text message Sunday.
Gobert is hopeful of playing later in the series, but his status remains in question. Jazz coach Quin Snyder was vague Sunday when asked about the timetable for Gobert's return.
"I don't think we're ready to say today, tomorrow, a week, two weeks," Snyder told reporters at the Jazz's practice in Los Angeles. "I think it's literally that wide open."
MOGADISHU, Somalia (AP) — Police say 2 gunmen killed in Somalia restaurant attack as 10 hostages freed; siege continues.
The Devilettes led 13-10 following the first quarter.
But Gallatin made a charge in the second period, going up 18-17 on LaMonica Mintlow's foul-line jumper with 2:05 left. The Lady Wave opened a three-point lead before Anne Marie Heidebreicht beat the halftime buzzer with a pullup jumper to draw the Devilettes within 20-19.
Allissa Mulaski and Lindsey Freeman led a Lebanon third-quarter charge as they scored all 13 Devilette points to put the home team back in front 32-25.
The Devilettes dropped in just half of their 24 free-throw attempts in the fourth quarter. But that was enough to maintain the lead as they improved to 18-9 for the season and 10-2 in District 9-AAA.
Mulaski came off the bench to score all 11 of her points in the second half, sinking all six of her free throws. Freeman finished with 10, eight of which came after halftime. Hendebreicht had eight while Aaryn Grace Lester and Christaney Brookshire each flipped in five, Addie Grace Porter four and Akiraona Steverson two.
Mintlow scored eight of her 12 in the second quarter for Gallatin while Ja'Neca Talley tossed in nine of her 11 in the second half, including seven in the fourth period, as the Lady Wave fell to 9-14, 1-11.
Lebanon will travel to Beech at 6:30 p.m. Tuesday. The Devilettes trail the Lady Buccaneers by a game at the top of the district standings. An LHS win would result in a split of the season series.
Maki's 23 leads Lady ‘Cats to road win
GALLATIN — Senior Julia Maki stepped up with 23 points Friday night to lead Wilson Central past Station Camp 59-50.
Maki's total included four three-pointers, three of which came during the third quarter as the Lady Wildcats turned a 32-24 halftime lead into a 48-38 margin as they improved to 15-10 for the season and pulled even at 6-6 in District 9-AAA.
The Lady Wildcats led 16-15 following the first quarter.
Sophomore Nicole Brill sank 7 of 9 free throws on her way to 17 points for Central while freshman Sydnee Richetto racked up 10 on two triples and 4-of-4 from the foul line. Bailey Kaposy canned a three while Kathryn Bean, Jasmin Angel and Taylor Tucker each tossed in two.
Jane Deason sank six triples to lead the Lady Bison with 24 points as Station Camp slipped to 12-12, 6-6. The teams split the season series.
Wilson Central will travel to Portland at 6:30 p.m. Tuesday.
Tigerettes topped by Livingston
WATERTOWN — Livingston Academy gradually pulled away to a 45-27 triumph over Watertown on Friday night.
The Lady Wildcats led 7-5 following the first quarter, 17-12 at halftime and 32-18 through three periods.
Leah Parker popped in a pair of three-pointers to lead Livingston with 12 points.
Ashlea Dickens drained a pair of triples to lead Watertown with nine points while Emma Edwards scored six, Brittni Allison five, McKenna George four, Brenna Luttrell two and Saranda Woodson a free throw.
Watertown will travel to Woodbury to take on Cannon County at 6 p.m. Tuesday.
Friendship rolls to season-ending win
Friendship Christian wrapped up its Middle Region District 2-A schedule Friday night by wearing out visiting Davidson Academy 62-28 at the Bay Family Sportsplex.
Ashlyn Pittman poured in 21 points for the Lady Commanders, who finished 13-3 in the district and 22-6 overall. They will open district tournament play Tuesday night at the Sportsplex where a win would advance them to the semifinals at Goodpasture.
Autumn Groves added 18 for Friendship while Hannah Alexander scored seven, Sydney McCormick six, Rachel Pippin five, Hailey Pittman three and Brooke Jones two.
No one scored in double figures for Davidson Academy.
Lady Bears hit stride against Hendersonville behind Petty's 23
MT. JULIET — Mt. Juliet appears to be rounding into form as the season heads into its final week. The Lady Bears wore out Hendersonville 66-40 Friday night.
The Lady Bears bolted to a 17-3 first-quarter lead, were up 32-19 at halftime and 54-30 through three periods as they improved to 16-7 for the season and 8-4 in District 9-AAA.
Shelby Petty poured in three 3-pointers to lead the Lady Bears with 23 points and three steals while Nevaeh Majors added 18 points, including two triples. Emma Palmer posted 14 points and eight rebounds. Ryleigh Osborne sank a pair of treys for her six while Kiki Jervis threw in a three and Tondrianna Davis two.
Mt. Juliet will play host to Station Camp at 6:30 p.m. Tuesday.
On the Oscars red carpet, most of the attention is focused on the ladies and their gowns, but the men can't be forgotten.While the men may have it a little easier when it comes to dressing for awards season, it still takes an effort to be sure they are red carpet ready.Men do have several decisions to make when it comes to looking their best: Single or double breasted? Vest or no vest? Black, blue or white?"Dress up and think old Hollywood, think Carey Grant. This is not the time to experiment. Really you want to look dapper, you want to think elegant black tie," designer and fashion expert Nick Verreos explained.From Andrew Garfield in Gucci to Dev Patel in Burberry, many of the nominees have opted for the traditional black tie this awards season.Some have taken risk, like Mahershala Ali, who sported an all-white tuxedo by Ermenegildo Zegna Couture at the Screen Actors Guild Awards.Both Justin Timberlake and Ryan Gosling ditched their ties for the Critics' Choice Awards.But their ties were back for the Golden Globes where Gosling accessorized his white Gucci dinner jacket with a red flower."It's all about maybe a tie clip. It's all about a pocket square, an elegant one or even a brooch," Verreos said. "I think that would be something that adds that little bit of uniqueness to the look, but not overdo it."
The U.S. Women's Open is off to a soggy start as officials close Shoal Creek due to soaking rains A subtropical storm is dumping lots of water on an already soggy Shoal Creek, forcing USGA officials to consider from drastic measures at the U.S. Women's Open
The U.S. Women's Open is off to an auspicious start. And we're still two days away from the championship beginning in earnest.
A wet spring had already left Shoal Creek in soggy shape, with roughly three inches of rain coming in the last week doing nothing to help the situation. Sadly, that's the same amount meteorologists anticipate falling in Birmingham, Ala., from Subtropical Storm Alberto, which came up from the Gulf of Mexico Monday night and was headed straight over Alabama on Tuesday.
As a preventative measure, USGA officials originally delayed the opening of the course to the public on Tuesday until noon, before ultimately deciding to cancel all practice rounds for the day. Spectators with tickets for Tuesday will have then honored for Wednesday.
Whether Wednesday turns out any better, however, is unclear. The USGA's official forecast calls for a 40-60 percent chance for rain for almost the entirety of the day.
Copyright USGA/Darren Carroll
And as for the four scheduled days of the championship, there's potential for thunderstorms in the afternoon every day with temperatures expected to reach the 90s all week.
It becomes a catch-22 then for USGA officials, who hope the sun will appear to start to dry things out, but are aware that too much of it, combined with humid conditions, can create pop-up thunderstorms that can further delay play.
RELATED: Meet the U.S. Women's Open qualifier with the home-course edge at Shoal Creek
The question has arisen of whether the USGA might conduct any portion of the tournament using lift, clean and place guidelines, something that have never been implemented previously in the U.S. Women's Open. Officials have not addressed whether this is an option or not—they are expected to talk during a Tuesday press conference—but the forecast hints that it's something to be considered.
Story Continues
“They are going to have to play it up,” 2007 U.S. Women's Open winner Cristie Kerr told GolfChannel.com after playing a practice round on the course on Monday. “It's already soaked out there. There are puddles everywhere. Around the greens, it's super muddy.”
Copyright USGA/Jeff Haynes
Beyond lift, clean and place, officials are likely to need to mark various water-logged areas as ground under repair, a determination that was already being made ahead of this week.
The USGA acknowledged that cool temperatures at Shoal Creek in the spring have impacted turf conditions in various areas of the course.
“The golf course superintendent's staff, in collaboration with the USGA's agronomy team, has been working diligently throughout the spring to ensure the best possible turf conditions for the championship,” read a USGA statement. “While we continue these efforts and evaluate how we will manage these conditions within the Rules of Golf, likely by defining some areas as ground under repair, we are confident that our team is doing everything possible to showcase the course to its fullest competitive potential.”
“There are tons of ground under repair,” Kerr said told GolfChannel.com, “almost too much to mark on some holes.”
Bad weather had followed the LPGA in recent weeks. The Volunteers of America LPGA Texas Classic was shortened to 36 earlier this months and two weeks ago the Kingsmill Championship had to be reduced to 54 holes.
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
PODGORICA, Montenegro (AP) — Police in Montenegro say they have picked up 17 migrants, including 11 Syrians, from an Italian fishing boat that sent a distress signal off the Montenegrin coast.
The police ship's crew said Tuesday they picked up the migrants from a small inflatable boat floating in the Adriatic sea. Police say two Moroccans, two people from Yemen, one from Afghanistan and one from Pakistan were also on the boat. The group included four children.
It was not immediately clear where the migrants started their journey.
Montenegro has been largely spared from the migrant flow across the Balkans that peaked in 2016, with people fleeing wars and poverty in the Middle East, Africa and Asia trying to reach the Western Europe.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
FRANKFORT, Ky. (AP) — A Kentucky lawmaker who attracted national attention last year when he compared President Barack Obama and his wife to monkeys has been accused of sexual assault.
The Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting quotes Maranda Richmond as saying she has asked Louisville police to reopen an investigation of Dan Johnson.
Johnson was elected to the state legislature in 2016 — after he posted the Facebook remarks about the Obamas. He didn't respond to a voicemail Monday. Richmond says Johnson assaulted her in 2012. She says she reported it to police in 2013, but the case was closed without charges. No one at the police department responded to a telephone call seeking comment.
The Associated Press does not generally identify alleged sexual assault victims, but is doing so because Richmond has gone public.
Prosecutors have brought the first criminal charges against 142 people as they aim to tamp down the growing illegal marijuana market in Los Angeles since the state legalized recreational use in January, officials said Wednesday.
The charges involve employees of 32 commercial cannabis companies and a business that delivers marijuana, said City Attorney Mike Feuer.
"The combination of significant amounts of cash and marijuana at these locations can make them dangerous," Feuer said.
Recreational cannabis businesses must be licensed by both the city and state. So far, only 147 city licenses have been issued to sell adult-use, recreational cannabis in Los Angeles. Many illegal marijuana shops operate in plain sight — out of storefronts in busy neighborhoods.
Since the beginning of the year, officers targeting illegal marijuana businesses have served 54 search warrants and arrested 160 people, which includes the 142 people charged by the city attorney, said Lt. Stacy Spell of the LAPD's Gang and Narcotics Division.
Investigators have been prioritizing going after shops that are causing crime and generating complaints from the community, he said.
"We've tried to be very responsible with taxpayer money, understanding that we have limited resources and are not able to necessarily address all of the locations," Spell said.
In addition to the misdemeanor criminal charges, the city attorney's office will also send cease-and-desist letters to other illegal cannabis businesses that prosecutors have identified, Feuer said. He declined to say how many letters would be sent.
Earlier this year, state regulators sent similar letters to about 1,000 marijuana businesses they said were operating illegally statewide.
———
Mike Balsamo is a member of AP's marijuana beat team. Follow him on Twitter at twitter.com/MikeBalsamo1 . Find complete AP marijuana coverage here: apnews.com/tag/LegalMarijuana .
Highway 4 was re-opened to traffic in both directions early Tuesday morning, after the ruins of the bridge that collapsed there on Monday were removed from the area.
The other roads that were closed in the area were re-opened as well.
NC State coach Mark Gottfried's tenure in Raleigh is likely coming to an end following the season, unless the Wolfpack go on a run over the next few weeks and in the ACC tournament, sources told ESPN.
"He could be gone this week if they get pounded by North Carolina tomorrow night," one source close to the situation told ESPN on Tuesday night.
Gottfried, 53, was hired by athletic director Debbie Yow in 2011 -- and proceeded to go to the NCAA tournament in each of his first four seasons, including a pair of Sweet 16 appearances.
However, the Wolfpack were 16-17 last season and are 14-12 and 3-10 in ACC play this season, with a likely high lottery pick on the roster in Dennis Smith Jr.
Yow, according to several sources, has been unhappy with the lack of effort with the current team.
"They have more than enough talent to get to the NCAA tourney," one ACC coach told ESPN. "They just don't play hard at all."
NC State spokesman Fred Demarest told ESPN that Gottfried remains the coach, and that the focus of the team is on North Carolina. He also denied that the school has reached out to other candidates, as several reports have indicated.
If NC State does make a coaching move, it's likely that Dayton coach and NC State alum Archie Miller would be high atop the list, although sources told ESPN that Miller is unlikely to take the job.
With much of the country already sweating through the dog days of summer, a new company is offering four-legged friends a much-needed place to cool down.
Air-conditioned houses for dogs are popping up outside of restaurants and stores across the country thanks to a company called DogSpot.
“It's just so hot,” said DogSpot founder Chelsea Brownridge. “That's a reason we've been expanding in places like California, Florida, North Carolina and South Carolina.”
DogSpot
DogSpot offers fully air-conditioned and ventilated mini-houses where dogs can stay while their owners eat a meal inside a restaurant or run a quick errand.
The service for dogs operates similarly to the way Uber works for humans. Dog owners use an app to reserve a nearby house for their furry friend up to 15 minutes in advance.
The owner can unlock the house via the app, and then also monitor their dog on the app through a webcam.
The fee is 30 cents per minute or a $19.99 monthly membership.
“The average stay is around 15 minutes,” said Brownridge. “Which is exactly what we designed it for, to be able to live an active life with your dog but allow the dog to be comfortable too."
Brownridge created DogSpot after her experience living with her rescue dog, Winston, in Brooklyn.
DogSpot
“He has a ton of energy so to get him out of the house on as many walks as possible was really important,” she said. “I started to realize how many times he couldn't come with me outside because I'd just be going to a store or restaurant for a few minutes.”
She added, “There are all these things you do every day in a walkable city like New York where dogs aren't allowed to go inside."
In cities not as walkable as New York, dogs may be left behind in cars by their owners.
It takes 10 minutes for the inside of a car, even with its windows left slightly open, to reach 102 degrees on an 85-degree day, according to the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (ASPCA). On a 70-degree day, the inside of a car can be as much as 20 degrees higher, proving dangerous for dogs, notes the ASPCA.
Some states and local governments have laws prohibiting leaving animals in cars in dangerous situations, like heat. Brownridge said she supports those laws amd wants to be "part of the solution."
"We want to make [DogSpot] the safest, cleanest, best-monitored space to give pet parents the comfort of knowing their dog is safe," Brownridge added.
Brownridge and her co-founder, Todd Schechter, said they worked to launch the company on nights and weekends while they both still had full-time jobs.
DogSpot
They placed prototypes throughout Brooklyn and soon had a membership of around 1,000 dog owners.
To address safety concerns, the DogSpot houses are only accessible to the owner of the dog currently using the house. There is also no anonymity, as DogSpot has each user's name, phone number, and credit card information on file.
The houses self-clean after each use via UV lights and are manually cleaned each day. In the winter, the houses activate a heated floor.
DogSpot
Two restaurants in Ferndale, Michigan, are among the first to use DogSpot houses as part of the company's national expansion this month.
“The vast majority of the response has been great,” said Shane Hudson, marketing manager for Kramer Restaurant Group, who brought DogSpot to two of the group's restaurants last week. “It's going to take a little while for people to start using them, but we've had quite a response.”
“It reminds me of when Uber and Airbnb first arrived,” he added. “People's first response is like, ‘What the heck are these things?' but once people understand the technology and how it works, I do envision it will draw folks to our restaurants.”
DogSpot's founders say they have received letters of invitation from officials in cities like Orlando, Florida, and Kansas City, Missouri as well.
DogSpot
DogSpot plans to launch in Los Angeles, Boston, Washington D.C., as well as Orlando and Kansas City. DogSpots will also be available in Chattanooga, Southhampton, New York, Columbus, Ohio, and Charleston, South Carolina this year.
New features coming soon include the ability to play music for your dog inside the house and to talk to your pet if he or she needs comforting, DogSpot says.
APPOMATTOX CO., Va. – The Virginia State Police Appomattox Field Division is pleased to introduce its new Recruiter, Trooper Brad L. Crews. Effective Feb. 10, 2017, Trooper Crews transferred to the Personnel Division from his previous patrol assignment in the Appomattox Division's Area 23 Office, which encompasses Charlotte and Halifax counties.
Crews joined the Virginia State Police in 2005 and graduated the Academy as a member of the 112th Basic Session in March 2006. He has been assigned to Area 23 for the past five years. The Halifax County native has served as a member of the Appomattox Division Crash Reconstruction Team and mentored new trainees and troopers as a Field Training Officer (FTO). He is certified as a National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) Child Safety Seat Installation Technician. In addition, he has been actively involved in area schools through the Youth of Virginia Speak Out (YOVASO) About Traffic Safety, a statewide, peer-to-peer advocacy program that empowers teenagers to work towards the prevention of their number one killer – motor vehicle crashes.
For the past two years, Crews has achieved the Virginia State Police Sr. Trooper Robert A. Hill, Sr., Crime Prevention Award. The award is presented annually to a State Police Crime Prevention Specialist who has excelled in his or her efforts in all areas of community policing and crime prevention. The award is in honor of certified Crime Prevention Specialist Sr. Trooper Hill, who was struck and killed on Route 58 in Southampton County by a passing motorist in November 2006.
As a Recruitment Trooper, Crews will travel throughout the 15 counties and six cities within the Appomattox Division to host state police career fairs and meet with potential sworn and civilian hiring candidates. The Virginia State Police is currently hiring for the application of Trooper. Anyone interested in finding out more about what it takes to join Virginia's Finest is encouraged to reach out to Trooper Crews at brad.crews@vsp.virginia.gov or via LinkedIn.
Corinne N. Geller
Public Relations Director
Virginia State Police
According to the latest research, in the event of a lottery win, 61% of Brits say they would hide the news from friends and family in a bid to keep the winnings for themselves.
Generation Z prove to be the most secretive, with two-thirds (64%) of 18-24-year olds choosing to keep parents, partners and friends in the dark, not wanting the ‘millionaire' status that comes with a lottery win.
This is according to research conducted by online lottery platform that asked how much money Brits would have to win in order to hide the life-changing news from those closest to us.
On average, Brits would keep the money under wraps upon winning a jackpot of £22.5M or more.
Generation Z however, are much more reserved and would conceal the win for a tenth of that - £266,050.
Figures also reveal that almost a third of married Brits (29%) said that no amount could make them hide the win from their partner, and it seems women are more inclined to share news of their good fortune with their other halves than men – 48% and 41% respectively.
Regionally, the Welsh are the keenest to share news of their winnings (32% would not hide for any amount) – in direct contrast to the 84% of Londoners who have a specific figure in mind.
One quarter (26%) of Brits admit they would always be honest about a jackpot.
With the majority of the nation putting a number on keeping the win to themselves, the expectation is that they are also keeping the money to themselves – and they have grand plans for what they would do with their winnings.
Brits revealed they would need to win a minimum of £23M in order to retire early – with women proving to be a lot more cautious on this front than men (£31M versus £14M).
The research, conducted to celebrate the launch of Jackpot.com's lottery subscription programme, showed that people would unleash their inner entrepreneur and start their own business if they won £15M; 20% would take a gap year and go travelling if they were to win £38M, and for just a slightly bigger prize pot (£41M) they would relocate and move abroad for good.
When it comes to extravagant purchases, it appears Brits have been inspired by multi-millionaires such as Roman Abramovich and Sir Richard Branson, listing buying a football club or a private island as their ultimate dream and would do this if their lottery winnings were £74M and £80M respectively.
Pablo Grunbaum, COO of Jackpot.com said: “Lotteries all over the world have the power to change lives for lucky winners.
“We know from first-hand experience that many people's first thought after a win is how they can improve the lives of loved ones.
“However, our latest research clearly shows that this isn't the case for all.
“It's interesting to see that many have loftier ambitions and would rather set up a dream business or relocate than share with family members.
“Our new subscription model allows lottery players to never miss a draw, meaning that their dreams of travelling the world or owning their own football club won't be dashed by forgetting to enter.”
Jackpot.com currently provides users the chance to bet on the outcome of 19 of the biggest and most popular lottos from around the world, including US Powerball, EuroMillions, US Megamillions, German Lotto, Irish Lotto and more.
For more, visit uk.jackpot.com
CAYO SANTIAGO, Puerto Rico (AP) — As thousands of troops and government workers struggle to restore normal life to Puerto Rico, a small group of scientists is racing to save more than 1,000 monkeys whose brains may contain clues to some of the most important mysteries of the human mind.
One of the first places Hurricane Maria hit in the U.S. territory Sept. 20 was Cayo Santiago, known as Monkey Island, a 40-acre outcropping off the east coast that is one of the world's most important sites for research into how primates think, socialize and evolve.
The storm destroyed virtually everything on the island, stripping it of vegetation, wrecking the monkeys' metal drinking troughs and crushing the piers that University of Puerto Rico workers use to bring in bags of monkey chow — brown pellets of processed food that complete the primates' natural vegetation diet.
“All of our tools were destroyed,” said Angelina Ruiz Lambides, the director of the Cayo Santiago facility. “Does FEMA cover this? Does the university's insurance cover this? I don't know.”
The island's history as a research center dates to 1938, when the man known as the father of American primate science brought a population of Indian rhesus macaques to the United States. Clarence Ray Carpenter wanted a place with the perfect mix of isolation and free range, where the monkeys could be studied living much as they do in nature without the difficulties of tracking them through the wild.
Since then the 400 or so macaques have reproduced and expanded their numbers, becoming the world's most studied free-ranging primate population and something of a living library.
Every animal born on the island is tattooed for easy identification, and the skeleton of every one that has died over nine generations has been saved for future reference. About 100 have had their entire genetic makeup sequenced, and hundreds more have had at least some of their DNA analyzed.
Researchers from Yale, the University of Pennsylvania, New York University and others have been spending much of the year on the island studying everything from the monkeys' eye movements to the genes and behavior of socially aberrant individuals that may provide insight into the causes of autism.
“It's completely unprecedented in its breadth and size,” said James Higham, a professor of biological anthropology at NYU who is studying the monkeys' behavior, cognition and communication.
Now the university staff and local employees who keep Monkey Island running are frantically ferrying bags of chow in a tiny skiff, feeding the macaques a survival diet and trying to reassemble the rainwater collectors and drinking troughs that keep the animals alive in the tropical sun.
Mainland scientists are bringing in equipment from chain saws to a portable pier, funded by tens of thousands of dollars raised so far in university departments and online.
Complicating the effort, the monkeys all carry herpes B, a version of the virus that is harmless to macaques but can be fatal in humans. Anyone who comes into contact with monkey saliva or urine must undergo rigorous decontamination and treatment with antiretroviral drugs.
Humans also pose risks for the monkeys. Because the hurricane destroyed the island's chemical toilet, researchers and workers can stay only until they need a bathroom break: Human waste could start an epidemic that could wipe out the monkeys.
While the rescue effort is heroic, “it's not sustainable,” said Higham, who is bringing in a container full of supplies, possibly on a ship that would anchor off the island. “They're doing the best they can do under very difficult conditions, but it needs help and attention.”
____
Michael Weissenstein on Twitter: https://twitter.com/mweissenstein
TORONTO (AP) — The Latest on the incident in which a van plowed down a Toronto sidewalk, killing and injuring several people (all times local):
8:55 a.m.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says authorities see no national security element in the seeming attack on pedestrians in Canada's largest city.
Trudeau says the incident "hasn't changed the overall threat level in Canada," though it occurred as Cabinet ministers from the G7 nations are meeting in Toronto.
Trudeau says Canada will do whatever it can to keep its citizens safe, while staying true to its values.
Speaking at a news conference Tuesday, he said, "We cannot as Canadians choose to live in fear every single day as we go about our daily business."
Police are trying to determine why a driver plowed a rented van along a crowded sidewalk in Toronto, killing 10 people and injuring 15 in what many said seemed a deliberate attack.
Mexico has a long history of corrupt fugitive governors, including one who was arrested in Italy just last week, but former Veracruz Gov. Javier Duarte stands out.
Since his arrest in Guatemala Saturday, a video clip from 2012 has been circulating in which then-presidential candidate and now President Enrique Pena Nieto names Duarte as part of a new generation of politicians from the Institutional Revolutionary Party that will be its future.
Duarte, 43, was part of a wave of PRI governors in 2010 that would later propel Pena Nieto — himself also a young PRI governor — into the presidency two years later.
But things spiraled out of control for Duarte and his collapsed state of Veracruz. On Monday, he was waiting in a Guatemalan military prison for his initial appearance before a judge scheduled for Wednesday and eventual extradition to Mexico. He was arrested at a hotel in Panajachel on Lake Atitlan where he was staying with his family.
How much Duarte allegedly stole from his state's coffers is still a matter of debate and the theft alone would not distinguish him from other looting governors.
Alberto Olvera, a researcher at Veracruz University, said Duarte also did not stand out as a cunning politician or particularly brilliant thinker, but he left Veracruz with a staggering debt that Olvera put at over $1 billion and widespread violence, the scale of which is still being discovered in secret graves around the state.
"The Veracruz government in the time of Duarte spent much more than it had and to be able to spend incurred a growing debt," Olvera said. "So it isn't just a problem of theft, but of misuse of public funds that has generated a financial catastrophe, a fiscal crisis unparalleled in the history of the state."
Authorities have been excavating secret graves in Veracruz, which was swept by a vicious wave of drug cartel violence, and last month had already found 253 skulls or complete bodies in one area. And at least 16 journalists were killed during Duarte's term alone, Olvera said.
The state's former police chief was arrested in February on charges of illegal enrichment. He has denied any wrongdoing.
The PRI stripped Duarte of his party rights in September. Duarte stepped down as governor on Oct. 12, weeks before the end of his term, to face the charges against him, but then promptly disappeared. The PRI lost Veracruz's governorship for the first time in its history last summer.
In late November, Mexico's Attorney General's Office said it had found about $20.5 million linked to Duarte that had been funneled to two businesses. The government said it froze more than 100 bank accounts and seized properties around the country tied to Duarte.
In February, Miguel Angel Yunes, Duarte's elected successor from an opposition party, stood in a warehouse with large framed portraits of Duarte and his wife conveniently in the background. He said an anonymous tip had led authorities to the warehouse where they found not only works of art and other collectibles, but also dozens of wheelchairs and boxes of school supplies and handwritten diaries allegedly kept by his wife that documented their properties around the world.
It is unclear what will happen to Duarte.
Yunes campaigned on a promise to lock him up. Pena Nieto is using the arrest of the man he once signaled as the future of the party as a sign that the PRI will not tolerate corruption.
And Duarte is just one such test facing Pena Nieto. Another PRI governor from the class of 2010 wanted on corruption charges, Cesar Duarte of Chihuahua, no relation, is considered a fugitive and believed to be living in El Paso, Texas. And former PRI Gov. Tomas Yarrington of Tamaulipas state was arrested in Italy on April 9.
On Monday, Pena Nieto said the arrests of Duarte and Yarrington were a "firm and overwhelming message from the Mexican state against impunity."
But Olvera is not counting on any resolution of Javier Duarte's case soon.
"The most likely thing is that ... Duarte's trial happens after the 2018 election," he said.
——
Perez contributed from Guatemala.
The Latvian airline airBaltic in cooperation with the international tour operator Tez Tour Latvija on May 27, 2018, launched new charter flights connecting Riga with Peloponnese (Araxos airport) in Greece, but this week on June 3 will start operations on new route from Riga to Marche (Ancona) in Italy.
Martin Gauss, Chief Executive Officer of airBaltic: “The Summer season of 2018 is on and airBaltic is offering convenient travel options from Riga to many sunny and exciting destinations. In addition, we are happy to strengthen our long-standing and successful cooperation with Tez Tour Latvija by launching wider variety of direct charter flights from Riga to different holiday destinations for our Baltic travelers.”
Konstantins Palgovs, General Manager of Tez Tour Latvija: “We are delighted to start our 10th season together with airBaltic and offer our travelers extended charter route map. Since 2008, Tez Tour in cooperation with airBaltic have operated over 23 seasonal destinations. We are proud that all Tez Tour passengers will be traveling with comfort on the world's most modern aircraft Bombardier CS300. New summer 2018 destinations will bring total number till 25 mutual seasonal destinations.”
During the summer season 2018 airBaltic and Tez Tour Latvija continues to offer charter flights also between Riga and Antalya (Turkey) – up to 5 times per week, Heraklion (Greece) – two times per week and one weekly flight to Burgas (Bulgaria).
In total, Tez Tour and airBaltic have planned to carry out more than 300 charter flights from April to October for the most popular tourist destinations in Europe. Throughout the summer season Tez Tour will offer tours on scheduled airBaltic flights to Rhodes (Greece), Catania (Italy), Barcelona and Mallorca (Spain).
airBaltic serves over 70 routes from Riga, Tallinn and Vilnius, offering the largest variety of destinations and convenient connections via Riga to its network spanning Europe, Scandinavia, the CIS and the Middle East. For summer 2018, airBaltic has introduced eight new destinations from Riga to Malaga, Lisbon, Split, Bordeaux, Gdansk, Almaty as well as Sochi and Kaliningrad. In addition, airBaltic launched a new direct route connecting Tallinn and London. A complete schedule of airBaltic flights can be found on the company's homepage at www.airbaltic.com.
airBaltic in brief:
airBaltic (AIR BALTIC CORPORATION) is the world's most punctual airline connecting the Baltic region with 60 destinations in Europe, the Middle East, and the CIS. airBaltic is a joint stock company that was established in 1995. Its primary shareholder is the Latvian state, which holds 80.05% of the stock, while Lars Thuesen holds around 20% through his fully-owned Aircraft Leasing 1 SIA. The airBaltic fleet consists of 31 aircraft – 8 Bombardier CS300s, 11 Boeing 737s and 12 Bombardier Q400Next Gen aircraft. airBaltic has received numerous international awards for excellence, innovative services, and achievements in reshaping its business. In 2012, airBaltic was ranked by Airlinetrends among the Top 10 airlines globally for innovations. In 2017, the airline received the CAPA Regional Airline of the Year awards, while in 2018 airBaltic received the ATW Airline Industry Achievement Award as the Market Leader of the Year. airBaltic achieved the best on-time performance globally in 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017.
Tez Tour Latvija in brief:
Tez Tour is the leading Latvian tour operator that organizes trips to different countries worldwide. Tez Tour organizes trips from Latvian to Italy, Austria, France, Spain, Andorra, Greece, Turkey, Bulgaria, Egypt, Cyprus, UAE, Thailand, the Caribbean, the Maldives and Sri Lanka resorts. According to BNS data, tour operator Tez Tour is the leader in the Latvian tourism market. Tourism industry representatives in the annual vote named Tez Tour Latvija the best company in the category “Entrepreneur of travel agencies and tour operators in 2015”. The company Tez Tour in 2016 opened its first sales office in Latvia for private service.
For further information, please contact:
Alise Briede, Head of Corporate Communications
A/S Air Baltic Corporation
Riga International Airport
E-mail: pr@airbaltic.lv
SIA TEZ TOUR Latvija
6 Ziedleju street, Riga district,
Marupe, LV – 2167, Latvia
E-mail: info@teztour.lv
STORRS, Conn. (AP) — Prosecutors have dropped a breach of peace charge filed against conservative commentator Lucian Wintrich after a confrontation with protesters last month during an appearance at the University of Connecticut.
Wintrich, the White House correspondent for the right-wing website Gateway Pundit, was charged after grabbing a woman who took his notes from the lectern as he prepared to give a speech titled "It's OK To Be White."
That woman, 35-year-old Catherine Gregory, of Willimantic, turned herself on Sunday to face charges of attempted larceny and disorderly conduct.
Gregory, who is free on a $1,000 bond, is due in court on Wednesday.
Wintrich, who had argued that he had every right to retrieve his property, tweeted on Monday that justice was finally being served.
President Donald Trump played with the pronunciation of Puerto Rico as he saluted Hispanic Heritage Month at the White House.Trump drew out the name in an accented fashion three times - "Pueeeeerto Rico" - telling the crowd, "We love Pueeeeerto Rico." Then he said it without any accent: "And we also love Puerto Rico," prompting a laugh from the crowd.Trump said his administration is working hard to help Puerto Ricans recover from Hurricane Maria.Trump has rankled many Hispanics with his tough immigration policies. At the White House event Friday, the president praised the contributions of Hispanics, including those working in his administration and serving in the military.
Kevin Durant?has no problem displaying his pride in being from the Washington, D.C., Maryland and Virginia area, but he said he thinks? Kyrie Irving?is greater than one DMV legend and NBA Hall of Famer.
"Kyrie is better than [Allen Iverson] to me," Durant said of the? Cleveland Cavaliers?point guard while appearing on " The Bill Simmons Podcast."
"I'm going from like skill for skill. His handle is better," Durant continued in praising Irving. "We might have to cut that out -- I want no problems with A.I. Y'all might have to cut that one. I don't want that to get out. I'm just saying I feel like Kyrie got more skill."
Durant's comments come after his team, the? Golden State Warriors, pulled off a five-game NBA Finals victory over Irving's Cavs.
"I was telling some of my friends after Game 2, I was like, Kyrie, he just makes you happy when you watch him play," Durant said on the podcast. "You just smile when you watch him play, because for somebody to be that skilled, you know he had to work tirelessly at it. The stuff he has in his package is next-level stuff that you can try to teach your kids to do it, but you'll never be able to do it."
At 6-foot-2, Irving is listed as being two inches taller than Iverson. What Irving can do to defenders despite his slighter frame continues to impress Durant.
"I've never seen nobody block [Irving's] layup, and he's 6-2. I've never seen one person pin his layup on the glass, not one. Because the spin he got on it and he doesn't get to look at it," Durant said. "I've got so much respect for him because I know how much work he has to put in to be that good."
In six years in the NBA, Irving is averaging 21.6 points, 5.6 assists and 3.4 rebounds per game, as compared to Iverson's career averages of 26.7 points, 6.2 assists and 3.7 rebounds over 14 years. Irving also has one NBA championship to Iverson's zero, though Iverson was named MVP in 2001.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A Republican legislator from Arizona said any "illegal aliens" who attend Tuesday's State of the Union address should be arrested and deported. More than 20 Democratic lawmakers are inviting "Dreamers," immigrants who were brought to the United States as children and are living here illegally.
"Of all the places where the rule of law needs to be enforced, it should be in the hallowed halls of Congress," Rep. Paul Gosar tweeted. "Any illegal aliens attempting to go through security, under any pretext of invitation or otherwise, should be arrested and deported."
A number of Dreamers have been invited to the speech as guests of high-profile Democrats including House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and potential 2020 presidential candidates such as New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker and California Sen. Kamala Harris.
President Donald Trump has announced plans to end Obama-era protections for such immigrants. He now says he wants to grant them a path to citizenship, but Congress has so far been unable to come up with a legislative solution for an issue at the center of the recent government shutdown.
Dreamers are set to lose protection from deportation in March.
Gosar's suggestion drew a quick rejoinder from Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz., who tweeted back: "This is why we can't have nice things..."
1733 Foothill Blvd., #A (Rancho San Antonio)
400 Montclair Ave., #1 (Cleveland Heights)
2300 Fruitvale Ave. (Patten)
3875 Ruby St., #305 (Mosswood)
Curious just how far your dollar goes in Oakland?We've rounded up the latest rental offerings via rental site Zumper to get a sense of what to expect when it comes to scoring an apartment in Oakland if you're on a budget of $2,000 / month.Take a peek at what rentals the city has to offer, below. (Note: prices and availability are subject to change.)Listed at $2,000 / month, this studio apartment is located at 1733 Foothill Blvd.The apartment features tile flooring, high ceilings, a dishwasher and an electric stove. Assigned parking is offered as a building amenity. Both cats and dogs are permitted.According to Walk Score's assessment, the surrounding area is friendly for those on foot, is convenient for biking and offers many nearby public transportation options.(Take a look at the complete listing here .)Next, there's this one-bedroom, one-bathroom apartment located at 400 Montclair Ave. It's also listed for $2,000 / month for its 850-square-feet of space.The building features outdoor space. In the unit, there are hardwood floors, high ceilings, a walk-in closet, a decorative fireplace, French doors and ample closet space. Pets are not welcome.According to Walk Score, the area around this address is quite walkable, is fairly bikeable and offers many nearby public transportation options.(See the complete listing here .)Here's an 800-square-foot one-bedroom, one-bathroom apartment at 2300 Fruitvale Ave. that's going for $1,995 / month.In the apartment, you'll get in-unit laundry, central heating, hardwood flooring, a dishwasher, stainless steel appliances, a walk-in closet and granite countertops. Secured entry and assigned parking are offered as building amenities. Two feline companions are permitted.Per Walk Score ratings, the surrounding area has excellent walkability, has some bike infrastructure and offers many nearby public transportation options.(Check out the complete listing here .)Next, check out this 650-square-foot one-bedroom, one-bathroom apartment that's located at 3875 Ruby St. It's listed for $1,975 / month.In the unit, you'll get hardwood floors, high ceilings, a dishwasher, a walk-in closet, garden access, a ceiling fan and granite countertops. When it comes to building amenities, anticipate on-site laundry, outdoor space, on-site management and a bike room. Feline companions are welcome.Per Walk Score ratings, the area around this address has excellent walkability, is great for biking and has excellent transit.(Take a look at the complete listing here .)---
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — The U.S. military is reiterating a promise to keep Persian Gulf waterways open to oil tankers as Iran renewed threats to close off the region.
Capt. Bill Urban, a spokesman for the U.S. military's Central Command, told The Associated Press on Wednesday that American sailors and its regional allies "stand ready to ensure the freedom of navigation and the free flow of commerce wherever international law allows."
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani on Tuesday suggested Iran could halt regional exports if it is stopped from exporting oil after America pulled out of the nuclear deal with world powers.
Meanwhile, Iranian Gen. Qassem Soleimani reportedly sent a letter to Rouhani applauding his stance.
Soleimani, the head of the Revolutionary Guard's expeditionary Quds Force, said his forces were "ready for any policy."
The death toll from a fire in a tower in London has risen to 17.
Firefighters in the city said that the forces did not expect to find additional survivors inside the building, but the number of casualties was expected to rise.
Located at 1358 Mason St. (between John Street and Pacific Avenue) in Russian Hill, Italian restaurant AltoVino is now serving customers.As we've previously reported , the new eatery is the latest venture for restaurateur and sommelier Claudio Villani, who also owns InoVino at 108B Carl St. (between Cole and Stanyan streets) in Cole Valley.The restaurant takes over the space formerly occupied by Mason Pacific, which closed after a small kitchen fire in 2016.On the menu, expect to see an array of authentic Italian fare like squid with braised winter greens, tomatoes and Calabrian chili; lemon tagliatelle with smoked salmon, fennel and arugula; and flatiron steak with balsamic-braised radicchio and parsnip puree.There's an extensive selection of Italian wines on offer, too, along with signature cocktails such as a ginger or orange spritz and Italian and local beers. (Take a look at the full dinner menu here and a libations menu here .)With a five-star rating out of four Yelp reviews, AltoVino has been warmly received by patrons."Such a cute, romantic, and charming spot," said Manda Bear B. "Perfect for a first date and date night, we can't wait to get back.""Fantastico! Bravo to Claudio and Nick Kelly for making AltoVino one of the best authentic Italian restaurants in the city," wrote Yelper Tim F. , adding that the "food, service, wine service and ambiance were top notch. Better try it soon because it will be hard to get a reservation soon."AltoVino is open at 1358 Mason Street.Have you come across a new (or closing) restaurant? Text your tip and a photo to 415-200-3233, or email tips@hoodline.com. If we use your info in a story, we'll give you credit.
Atlanta 1 0—1 New England 0 1—1
First half_1, Atlanta, Martinez, 9 (Gressel), 23rd minute.
Second half_2, New England, Bunbury, 7 (penalty kick), 88th.
Goalies_Atlanta, Brad Guzan; New England, Matt Turner.
Yellow Cards_Gressel, Atlanta, 37th; Zahibo, New England, 53rd; Anibaba, New England, 73rd; Nemeth, New England, 81st; Guzan, Atlanta, 89th; Williams, Atlanta, 89th.
Referee_Silviu Petrescu. Assistant Referees_Richard Gamache, Gianni Facchini. 4th Official_Robert Sibiga.
A_10,547 (20,000)
Lineups
Atlanta_Brad Guzan; Mikey Ambrose, Franco Escobar, Jeff Larentowicz, Michael Parkhurst; Miguel Almiron, Julian Gressel, Chris McCann; Ezequiel Barco (Kevin Kratz, 86th), Josef Martinez (Romario Williams, 79th), Darlington Nagbe.
New England_Matt Turner; Jalil Anibaba, Antonio Delamea Mlinar, Andrew Farrell, Chris Tierney (Gabriel Somi, 47th); Zahibo (Krisztian Nemeth, 62nd), Teal Bunbury, Luis Alberto Caicedo, Scott Caldwell (Kelyn Rowe, 82nd), Diego Fagundez; Cristian Penilla.
Global Forecast as of 12:00 GMT Tuesday, April 24, 2018
_____
City/Town, Country;Tuesday's Weather Condition;Tuesday's High Temp (F);Tuesday's Low Temp (F);Wednesday's Weather Condition;Wednesday's High Temp (F);Wednesday's Low Temp (F);Wednesday's Wind Direction;Wednesday's Wind Speed (MPH);Wednesday's Humidity (%);Wednesday's Chance of Precip. (%);Wednesday's UV Index
Abidjan, Ivory Coast;Nice with some sun;91;79;A t-storm in spots;89;78;WSW;11;75%;71%;7
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates;Mostly sunny, warm;103;76;Mostly sunny, nice;91;77;ESE;11;50%;0%;11
Aleppo, Syria;Sunny;82;59;Mostly cloudy;85;61;E;11;21%;1%;9
Algiers, Algeria;Partly sunny, warm;77;62;A couple of showers;68;57;E;11;77%;96%;4
Amsterdam, Netherlands;Rain and drizzle;57;48;Spotty showers;56;46;WSW;23;74%;82%;5
Anchorage, United States;Breezy with rain;48;38;Rain and snow shower;48;38;SE;9;55%;73%;2
Ashgabat, Turkmenistan;Cooler;71;55;Partly sunny, nice;74;59;ESE;6;46%;9%;9
Astana, Kazakhstan;A little p.m. rain;59;43;Cooler with some sun;50;34;WSW;21;48%;52%;3
Asuncion, Paraguay;Hot with clearing;94;71;Sunny and hot;93;71;ENE;8;47%;10%;6
Athens, Greece;Partly sunny, warm;81;56;Clouds and sun, warm;83;56;SSW;5;42%;0%;9
Auckland, New Zealand;Cloudy with a shower;63;55;Partly sunny;67;52;S;9;67%;1%;4
Baghdad, Iraq;Sunny and nice;84;60;Partly sunny;87;67;ESE;5;30%;25%;10
Banda Aceh, Indonesia;Afternoon showers;92;76;Cloudy, a t-storm;93;76;SSW;5;75%;73%;5
Bangalore, India;A t-storm in spots;91;72;A t-storm in spots;95;72;S;5;46%;55%;14
Bangkok, Thailand;Warm with sunshine;96;83;Partly sunny, warm;97;82;S;7;60%;58%;13
Barcelona, Spain;Mostly sunny, nice;73;59;Clouds and sun, nice;70;60;NNE;9;66%;8%;7
Beijing, China;Partly sunny;73;50;Mostly sunny, nice;77;52;SSW;9;31%;1%;8
Belgrade, Serbia;Severe thunderstorms;81;56;Hazy, a thunderstorm;82;57;SSW;3;56%;59%;7
Berlin, Germany;Cooler with a shower;60;52;Some sun, a t-storm;62;45;W;23;69%;82%;4
Bogota, Colombia;A p.m. t-storm;68;50;Rather cloudy;67;50;SSE;6;71%;44%;8
Brasilia, Brazil;A t-storm in spots;80;60;A t-storm in spots;78;58;E;10;65%;46%;8
Bratislava, Slovakia;Warm with some sun;76;54;Periods of sun, warm;80;59;WSW;6;48%;14%;6
Brussels, Belgium;Spotty showers;59;52;Showers and t-storms;58;43;WSW;13;82%;74%;3
Bucharest, Romania;Clouds and sun, warm;84;55;Hazy and very warm;83;57;WSW;5;54%;8%;7
Budapest, Hungary;Showers and t-storms;78;56;Partly sunny, warm;81;60;SW;7;53%;30%;6
Buenos Aires, Argentina;A strong t-storm;73;67;A morning t-storm;77;68;ENE;4;80%;60%;2
Bujumbura, Burundi;Rather cloudy;86;64;A p.m. t-storm;86;65;ESE;5;50%;80%;4
Busan, South Korea;Rain this morning;62;50;Mostly sunny;68;48;NNE;11;49%;0%;9
Cairo, Egypt;Sunny and pleasant;82;61;Clouds and sun;78;64;NNW;10;36%;70%;11
Cape Town, South Africa;Partly sunny;67;53;Rain and drizzle;67;55;NW;15;69%;86%;3
Caracas, Venezuela;Partial sunshine;84;68;Partly sunny, nice;84;66;ESE;4;60%;30%;13
Chennai, India;Mostly sunny, warm;99;82;Sunshine, very warm;98;83;S;11;60%;2%;13
Chicago, United States;Mostly cloudy;56;42;Sunny intervals;49;36;NNE;14;54%;4%;8
Colombo, Sri Lanka;Turning out cloudy;91;78;A stray p.m. t-storm;90;78;SSW;6;74%;75%;12
Copenhagen, Denmark;A little a.m. rain;54;43;Spotty showers;53;43;W;10;68%;85%;2
Dakar, Senegal;Sunny and pleasant;75;65;Sunny and beautiful;75;67;N;12;82%;0%;13
Dallas, United States;Mostly sunny;83;61;Afternoon rain;72;51;NNW;8;62%;88%;2
Dar es Salaam, Tanzania;Partly sunny, nice;91;74;A shower in spots;87;74;SSW;9;73%;59%;10
Delhi, India;Sunshine and warm;104;77;Hot with hazy sun;108;80;WSW;8;13%;0%;11
Denver, United States;Cloudy, much colder;42;29;Sunny;64;39;SSW;6;46%;8%;9
Dhaka, Bangladesh;A t-storm around;92;79;A p.m. t-storm;99;72;ESE;7;60%;73%;12
Dili, East Timor;Mostly sunny, warm;96;73;Increasing clouds;91;73;SSE;6;52%;29%;10
Dublin, Ireland;Rain and drizzle;53;42;Spotty showers;53;41;WSW;19;72%;65%;4
Dushanbe, Tajikistan;Cloudy and very warm;82;55;Cooler;69;52;NNE;7;57%;84%;5
Gibraltar, Gibraltar;A heavy p.m. t-storm;68;58;Rain and a t-storm;69;59;WSW;7;80%;88%;3
Hanoi, Vietnam;Rain, a thunderstorm;83;75;Rain, a thunderstorm;78;73;SE;6;87%;77%;3
Harare, Zimbabwe;Sunny and nice;78;50;Sunny and pleasant;77;49;ENE;6;37%;1%;8
Havana, Cuba;Partly sunny;87;70;A heavy p.m. t-storm;83;68;NNE;6;70%;66%;9
Helsinki, Finland;A shower or two;49;38;Spotty showers;48;36;SW;10;86%;69%;2
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam;Partly sunny;95;81;A p.m. t-storm;95;80;SSE;6;67%;63%;10
Hong Kong, China;A downpour;80;70;Cloudy;78;72;E;9;73%;44%;3
Honolulu, United States;A shower or two;82;73;A shower or two;81;73;ENE;16;65%;83%;11
Hyderabad, India;Mostly sunny;104;77;Hazy sun;101;78;SE;5;31%;1%;13
Islamabad, Pakistan;Mostly sunny and hot;95;69;Mostly sunny and hot;97;69;NE;8;29%;25%;10
Istanbul, Turkey;Warm with sunshine;79;59;Warm with some sun;79;59;ENE;6;55%;1%;8
Jakarta, Indonesia;A t-storm in spots;88;76;An afternoon shower;88;77;ESE;6;72%;66%;4
Jeddah, Saudi Arabia;Nice with sunshine;92;77;Plenty of sunshine;94;77;WSW;8;48%;41%;12
Johannesburg, South Africa;Plenty of sunshine;79;51;Sunny and pleasant;78;50;N;6;43%;1%;6
Kabul, Afghanistan;Increasing clouds;81;52;Mostly sunny, nice;78;49;NNW;8;27%;1%;11
Karachi, Pakistan;Sunny, breezy, warm;99;78;Sunny and breezy;94;80;W;15;52%;0%;11
Kathmandu, Nepal;Partly sunny, nice;82;58;Clouds and sun, nice;82;58;ENE;6;41%;32%;11
Khartoum, Sudan;Sun and clouds, warm;108;76;Sunny and very warm;108;76;N;8;7%;0%;13
Kiev, Ukraine;Mostly cloudy;67;48;A p.m. t-storm;71;57;SW;9;53%;65%;4
Kingston, Jamaica;A t-storm in spots;87;77;A t-storm in spots;86;78;ENE;10;67%;58%;11
Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo;A t-storm or two;90;72;A Couple of t-storms;88;74;W;5;77%;83%;9
Kolkata, India;A t-storm around;99;78;A t-storm around;99;79;S;8;53%;43%;12
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia;A t-storm in spots;89;76;Mainly cloudy;92;75;NNE;5;69%;44%;6
La Paz, Bolivia;A t-storm in spots;56;34;A p.m. shower or two;56;34;NE;8;56%;68%;10
Lagos, Nigeria;Partly sunny;92;80;A t-storm around;90;79;WSW;7;68%;55%;7
Lima, Peru;Nice with some sun;74;67;Mostly sunny;73;66;S;7;74%;49%;9
Lisbon, Portugal;Partly sunny;79;57;Partly sunny, nice;72;56;N;12;65%;1%;9
London, United Kingdom;Afternoon rain;59;46;Thundershowers;57;43;WSW;14;64%;66%;4
Los Angeles, United States;Low clouds breaking;75;54;Low clouds, then sun;74;54;SSW;6;66%;1%;9
Luanda, Angola;Variable cloudiness;91;79;A shower;90;79;WSW;6;72%;85%;6
Madrid, Spain;A t-storm in spots;80;57;Sun and clouds, warm;81;57;NE;11;43%;10%;7
Male, Maldives;Partly sunny;88;83;A t-storm or two;90;82;NW;7;73%;82%;9
Manaus, Brazil;A t-storm in spots;83;72;A t-storm in spots;85;74;E;5;78%;79%;10
Manila, Philippines;A stray p.m. t-storm;93;80;A p.m. t-storm;94;79;ESE;6;52%;71%;13
Melbourne, Australia;Windy this morning;78;56;Partly sunny;68;54;NW;6;69%;9%;4
Mexico City, Mexico;A t-storm in spots;76;56;A t-storm in spots;77;55;S;5;42%;55%;14
Miami, United States;A t-storm in spots;86;69;Partly sunny, warm;85;66;W;7;57%;8%;11
Minsk, Belarus;Mostly cloudy;62;43;Showers around;55;44;SW;10;65%;89%;2
Mogadishu, Somalia;A t-storm around;88;79;A t-storm around;88;79;S;8;73%;74%;12
Montevideo, Uruguay;A t-storm in spots;71;65;Showers and t-storms;75;64;ENE;6;73%;62%;4
Montreal, Canada;Inc. clouds;67;46;Cooler, p.m. rain;54;46;ENE;2;74%;95%;2
Moscow, Russia;Milder;55;42;Rain and drizzle;57;44;WSW;8;66%;84%;1
Mumbai, India;Mostly sunny;97;81;Hazy sun;95;80;WNW;9;53%;0%;12
Nairobi, Kenya;Showers and t-storms;69;60;Showers and t-storms;74;62;N;7;85%;79%;7
New York, United States;Increasing clouds;62;51;Periods of rain;57;50;W;10;82%;91%;2
Nicosia, Cyprus;Sunny;83;62;Increasing clouds;85;65;WNW;10;37%;3%;4
Novosibirsk, Russia;Cloudy and mild;56;46;A.M. rain, clearing;59;41;SSW;13;76%;91%;3
Osaka-shi, Japan;Rain;68;59;Low clouds;65;50;NNW;9;68%;25%;2
Oslo, Norway;Variable cloudiness;53;33;Periods of sun;55;32;NNW;5;46%;30%;4
Ottawa, Canada;Mostly cloudy;64;44;Cooler with rain;53;42;ENE;10;79%;96%;1
Pago Pago, American Samoa;A shower or two;84;78;An afternoon shower;84;77;ESE;6;80%;82%;8
Panama City, Panama;A t-storm in spots;89;77;A t-storm in spots;88;77;NW;8;76%;72%;11
Paramaribo, Suriname;A shower or two;85;74;Brief p.m. showers;86;74;ENE;6;80%;88%;9
Paris, France;Partly sunny;71;52;A shower in the a.m.;63;44;WNW;8;74%;59%;2
Perth, Australia;Nice with sunshine;73;55;Sunny and pleasant;75;59;ESE;7;57%;0%;4
Phnom Penh, Cambodia;A stray p.m. t-storm;97;80;A stray p.m. t-storm;95;79;SW;6;66%;82%;7
Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea;Partly sunny;88;75;A t-storm around;90;76;SE;13;72%;74%;5
Port-au-prince, Haiti;A t-storm in spots;90;73;A t-storm in spots;91;73;SE;5;54%;55%;12
Prague, Czech Republic;Sun and clouds;71;53;Windy with some sun;74;51;W;16;40%;38%;5
Pyongyang, North Korea;Decreasing clouds;72;41;Sunny and pleasant;70;40;WNW;6;45%;0%;8
Quito, Ecuador;Periods of rain;69;51;Periods of rain;66;51;W;7;74%;89%;8
Rabat, Morocco;Rain this afternoon;66;55;Spotty showers;68;57;SW;7;79%;75%;7
Recife, Brazil;A shower in the a.m.;84;74;Morning showers;81;74;SE;7;83%;100%;6
Reykjavik, Iceland;Cloudy, p.m. rain;47;39;An afternoon shower;45;37;NNW;6;60%;67%;1
Riga, Latvia;A passing shower;58;44;A passing shower;56;40;WSW;12;57%;66%;2
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil;Mostly sunny;83;71;Nice with sunshine;83;71;ENE;6;71%;36%;6
Riyadh, Saudi Arabia;Partly sunny;90;70;A t-storm in spots;87;71;SSE;11;29%;41%;11
Rome, Italy;Nice with some sun;77;54;Hazy and warm;78;52;SE;6;53%;0%;8
Saint Petersburg, Russia;A little p.m. rain;49;40;A little a.m. rain;50;40;WSW;7;79%;82%;1
San Francisco, United States;Clouds, then sun;65;50;Turning sunny;63;50;WSW;9;77%;1%;8
San Jose, Costa Rica;A t-storm in spots;82;66;A t-storm in spots;80;63;ENE;9;68%;64%;11
San Juan, Puerto Rico;Clouds and sun;82;74;Partly sunny, nice;84;75;ESE;12;70%;56%;12
San Salvador, El Salvador;Partly sunny;78;67;Partly sunny;77;68;NW;5;84%;55%;14
Sana'a, Yemen;Periods of sun;73;54;Partial sunshine;73;57;WNW;5;49%;44%;14
Santiago, Chile;Sunny and pleasant;74;46;Sunny and nice;79;46;SW;3;32%;3%;4
Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic;A t-storm in spots;83;72;A t-storm in spots;83;72;E;6;73%;55%;11
São Paulo, Brazil;A t-storm in spots;81;53;Partial sunshine;76;54;NNW;7;68%;1%;8
Seattle, United States;Partly sunny;74;51;Mostly sunny;73;51;NNE;9;46%;2%;6
Seoul, South Korea;A shower in the a.m.;67;42;Sunny and pleasant;72;48;W;5;36%;0%;9
Shanghai, China;Rain and drizzle;61;52;Partly sunny;68;55;E;9;60%;14%;9
Singapore, Singapore;A t-storm in spots;91;80;Afternoon showers;93;81;SSW;8;72%;82%;6
Sofia, Bulgaria;Clouds and sun;80;51;Showers and t-storms;78;52;S;6;58%;82%;8
St. John's, Antigua and Barbuda;Some sun, a shower;84;73;A shower in places;85;74;E;12;72%;79%;12
Stockholm, Sweden;Spotty showers;56;44;A passing shower;58;40;W;8;56%;66%;4
Sydney, Australia;Mostly sunny;74;61;A shower in the a.m.;77;64;WSW;10;68%;66%;4
Taipei City, Taiwan;Showers and t-storms;74;66;Decreasing clouds;78;65;E;7;59%;33%;4
Tallinn, Estonia;A shower;52;40;Spotty showers;47;37;WSW;9;85%;78%;2
Tashkent, Uzbekistan;Cloudy;86;55;Cooler;70;51;E;8;57%;9%;8
Tbilisi, Georgia;Sunshine;68;45;Clearing;65;46;NNE;6;61%;8%;5
Tehran, Iran;Sunshine, pleasant;72;55;Sunlit and nice;74;59;NE;8;29%;5%;10
Tel Aviv, Israel;Sunny and delightful;79;65;Strong p.m. t-storms;70;60;ENE;12;60%;88%;8
Tirana, Albania;Sunshine and warm;80;52;Partly sunny, warm;83;55;E;5;42%;4%;8
Tokyo, Japan;A shower in the p.m.;67;65;Periods of rain;74;59;ENE;13;80%;70%;4
Toronto, Canada;Rain and drizzle;52;41;Rain;49;38;NNW;11;83%;100%;2
Tripoli, Libya;Becoming cloudy;80;63;Partly sunny;84;66;ESE;9;36%;0%;9
Tunis, Tunisia;Sunshine and warm;86;64;Clouds and sun, warm;84;62;ESE;12;39%;9%;9
Ulan Bator, Mongolia;Plenty of sunshine;68;35;Mostly sunny, mild;64;31;N;9;25%;1%;7
Vancouver, Canada;Partly sunny;68;51;Mostly sunny;72;55;NNE;5;34%;0%;6
Vienna, Austria;Warm with some sun;76;53;Clouds and sun, warm;80;58;W;5;43%;10%;6
Vientiane, Laos;Mostly sunny, warm;100;77;Partly sunny;94;77;ESE;6;56%;69%;12
Vilnius, Lithuania;Mostly cloudy;59;45;Afternoon rain;53;40;WSW;9;65%;88%;2
Warsaw, Poland;Turning cloudy;69;50;Showers/thunderstorm;73;48;W;13;52%;87%;2
Wellington, New Zealand;Mostly sunny;61;52;Partly sunny;64;56;N;10;71%;2%;3
Yangon, Myanmar;Warm with sunshine;103;78;Mostly sunny;100;78;W;7;44%;39%;12
Yerevan, Armenia;Mostly sunny;66;42;Sunshine and nice;70;47;NE;4;38%;3%;9
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
_____
Keywords: Forecast, Global, Fahrenheit
By Sweeny Murti
» More Columns
CLEVELAND (WFAN) — This is what the Yankees are now up against.
To advance to the AL Championship Series the Bombers have to win three out of four against a juggernaut Indians team that has lost only four of its last 38 games. And they will have to do it by going through the best pitcher in the league twice.
That's Corey Kluber, and the Indians did actually lose three consecutive Kluber starts in some freaky, fluky stretch in July. But the task facing the Yankees is obviously gigantic.
MORE: Palladino: Trouble With The Curve? Yankees Didn't Have A Clue In Game 1
Kluber was 18-4 during the regular season and his 265 strikeouts were second only to the Red Sox's Chris Sale. Kluber led the American League in ERA (2.25) and WHIP (0.869), and threw five complete games, including three shutouts.
The Yanks saw Kluber twice in August. The schedule makers must have been conspiring to keep them away from his July losing streak. On Aug. 3 in Cleveland, Kluber fired a three-hitter with 11 strikeouts in a 5-1 victory. Then on Aug. 28 in the Bronx, the impressive right-hander tossed eight innings of three-hit ball in a 6-2 victory.
Overall, the Yankees have now faced Kluber seven times. He's 5-1 with a 1.80 ERA in that span and the Bombers have scored a grand total of 13 runs (10 earned).
This isn't a tall order. This is an extra venti grande, or whatever you're supposed to call them. Small, medium, and large work just fine for the rest of the world, so why do we have to … never mind. Back to the point. This is going to be hard.
But this is sports, remember? Where you believe anything can happen when the bounces go the right way. And the guy on the other side can make his statement, too. That's the ageless CC Sabathia.
Sabathia, who will be making his 20th postseason appearance, has waited a long time to get back here. He was a playoff fixture when he pitched in six straight Octobers for the Indians, Brewers, and Yankees from 2007–12. But he hasn't pitched a playoff game since the 2012 ALCS, the series that began with Derek Jeter breaking his ankle and ended with the Yankees being swept by the Tigers.
Sabathia has waited through six trips to the disabled list, a couple of knee surgeries, and one trip to alcohol rehab to get back to this place. And it's in the same building where he made his name, where 17-year-old Sabathia sat next to his mom and signed his first pro contract.
Two decades later, the 37-year-old southpaw is preparing to pitch what could be his last game in a Yankees uniform. He has the power to extend this season and his career if he can go toe-to-toe with Kluber on Friday afternoon.
These Yankees have clung all year to the idea that nobody thought they would get this far in 2017. So now they need to use some of that same resolve, because there aren't many who believe they can overcome this obstacle, either.
Follow Sweeny on Twitter at @YankeesWFAN
Hezbollah has overtaken Iran as the top security threat to Israel, according to the annual report of the Institute for National Security Studies, which was released on Monday. Hamas was third.
The main reason for the high ranking was Hezbollah's missile arsenal, coupled with the battlefield experience gained in Syria's civil war.
Perched in trees and scampering down sidewalks, green iguanas have become so common across South Florida that many see them not as exotic invaders, but as reptilian squirrels.
Native to Central and South America, green iguanas that escaped or were dumped as pets have been breeding in the Miami suburbs and the Keys for at least a decade without making headlines like other voracious invasive reptiles such as Burmese pythons or black-and-white tegu lizards.
They've been considered mostly harmless because they eat plants instead of native animals. But their burrows undermine seawalls, sidewalks and levees, and they eat their way through valuable landscaping as well as native plants. Their droppings can be a significant cleanup problem, as well as a potential source of salmonella bacteria, which causes food poisoning.
Compared with elusive pythons in the Everglades, iguanas are easy to spot. They can grow to more than 5 feet long, and they like what draws people to Florida: nice landscaping, waterfront views, swimming pools and sunbathing.
One iguana even stopped a first-round tennis match at this year's Miami Open by crawling over a scoreboard onto the court. German player Tommy Haas snapped a selfie with it, but his Czech opponent Jiri Vesely complained to the umpire that he couldn't concentrate. An ATP Tour video shows the umpire telling Vesely, "It's not a dangerous animal."
Trapper Brian Wood easily caught three iguanas one recent afternoon, each roughly 3 feet long, basking on a condominium's seawall in the resort community of Sunny Isles Beach. Using a long fishing pole, he looped wire around their necks, reeled them in, and placed them in a narrow metal cage.
Janet Sarno, board chairwoman at King's Point Imperial Condo, hired Wood because the number of iguanas — big adults and bright green babies — hanging around the building's pool has been growing despite residents' attempts to chase them away or block their entry.
"Maybe 10 years ago, you might see one or two on the seawall. Now there's 20 at a time coming out. There's just too much," she said.
The iguanas burrow under the seawall and first-floor patios, climb trees to reach second-floor balconies and eat the bright blooms off recently planted bougainvillea, Sarno said.
"They just come and they eat, they dig ... they're in the pool," Sarno said. "Lately, there's crap all over. It's terrible."
Wood primarily hunts alligators and tans their skins for luxury leather goods, but he's received so many calls from homeowners seeking help with iguanas in the last several years that he created a pest control business called Iguana Catchers.
He wants to breed the iguanas he catches to sell hatchlings as pets in northern states with cold winters. In the meantime, he euthanizes them and sells their meat as a delicacy. He's also trying to generate interest in iguana skins as a sustainable leather source, alongside alligator and python skins available in his Hollywood store.
"They're like rats, they're always going to be here," Wood said. "I think it's going to be a growing business."
Not much threatens adult iguanas here except cars and cold weather, which has kept them from spreading farther north. Prolonged cold snaps in 2009 and 2010 killed off many of them — news stations showed frigid iguanas stiffly falling from trees — but the population rebounded. Scientists say development has only increased their preferred habitat.
The damage, cleanup and health concerns associated with iguanas, as well as their dramatic population growth, has prompted state officials to start thinking about management strategies.
"Calls from residents about iguanas have increased, which pushed us to address them this year," said Sarah Funck, non-native species program coordinator for the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission.
In the Florida Keys, iguanas ate up the host plant for the endangered Miami blue butterfly in Bahia Honda State Park. Nearly 600 iguanas have been removed from the park in the last two fiscal years, according to Florida's Department of Environmental Protection, but the quarter-sized butterflies haven't returned.
State officials worry their digging may exacerbate long-term ecological damage if their burrows destabilize water restoration projects or flood-control structures near the Everglades. The South Florida Water Management District has reinforced some canal banks in Palm Beach County to prevent damage from burrowing iguanas, said Rory Feeney, the district's land resources bureau chief.
"Burrowing in these levees, particularly around structures, can cause hydraulic eddies and can increase erosion to our system," Feeney said.
Florida wants to protect its smaller native lizards and keep green iguanas from becoming as big a pest as they have become in the Caribbean. In the Cayman Islands, researchers have confirmed with DNA evidence that green iguanas have hybridized with native iguanas.
On Grand Cayman, the adult green iguana population grew from 127,660 in 2014 to more than 400,000 last year, according to Jane Haakonsson, a researcher with the terrestrial resources unit of the Cayman Islands' environment department. An experimental hunt in July on the 22-mile-long island netted nearly 14,500 iguanas — 16 tons of carcasses — hardly enough to control them.
"Everyone is complaining about it. Everyone has issues with their pools and their gardens, and on the roads they're being run over all the time," Haakonsson said. "A lot of the hatchings being born are surviving. What we're doing is not stopping them."
———
Contact Jennifer Kay at https://twitter.com/jnkay
A version of this story was originally published by member station WAMU.
With the GOP fully in control of the federal government for the first time since 2006, Congressional Republicans are taking their first steps to assert their power over the District of Columbia's local government.
After an impassioned debate, the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee voted Monday evening to block a D.C. law giving District physicians the right to prescribe lethal medication to terminally ill patients who have less than six months to live.
Committee chair Jason Chaffetz and other Republican conservatives have argued that the D.C. law should be nullified because it runs counter to ethical prohibitions against suicide. Most of the Republicans on the committee framed their opposition as a "pro-life" stance, with a number expressing concerns that the D.C. law could leave vulnerable dying patients at the mercy of physicians and relatives eager to hasten their exit.
"I worry that assisted suicide will create a marketplace for death," Chaffetz said.
Rep. Darrell Issa R-Calif., who represents one of six states that already have enacted legislation similar to D.C.'s right-to-die bill, was the only Republican to vote against the measure. Issa argued that given Congress' failure to stop such legislation nationally, he didn't think interference in D.C. affairs was justified.
In a statement after the committee vote, Mayor Bowser called it "a signal to DC residents that Congress has zero respect or concern for their will or the will of their elected officials."
Though the District gained an elected mayor and legislature in 1973, Congress retained broad authority over the city. That included the right to disapprove of bills — or, in simpler words, block bills passed by the D.C. Council from taking effect. But that right has been used sparingly: Congress has only formally blocked three D.C. bills over the last 45 years.
The panel voted 22-14 in favor of sending to the House floor the bill to the House floor. However that may be as far as it goes.
Unless conservative Republican backers of the manage to get the committee-passed "resolution of disapproval" through the House and Senate and signed by President Donald Trump by the end of the week — an exceedingly uphill battle given the normal pace of Congress — the law appears likely to take effect as passed by D.C. Council and signed into law by Mayor Muriel Bowser.
The bill becomes law if it is not blocked within 30 legislative working days of being sent Congress. By the D.C. City Council's calculations, time is up for opponents of the Death With Dignity bill on or about Saturday.
That leaves an almost impossibly narrow window for floor votes in the House and Senate. Moreover, it is not even certain that Trump would sign a disapproval resolution. White House press secretary Sean Spicer refused to say what the president might do when asked about the Death With Dignity law at a press briefing last week.
The audience at the committee meeting, which lasted until past 7:30, included activists in the right-to-die movement, including at least one who considers herself a potential beneficiary: Mary Klein, a 69-year-old D.C. resident who is dying of cancer. In an earlier interview with WAMU, Klein described the measure's passage, by an 11-2 D.C. Council vote in November, as "a great relief." Dan Diaz, the widower of Brittany Maynard, a young woman who wrote about her decision to end her life after a long battle with brain cancer, also turned up "to support D.C.," he said.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Trump says of VA nominee Ronny Jackson it's 'totally his decision' whether to drop out.
A lawyer says the Vietnamese woman accused of killing the North Korean leader's half brother told police she realized she had been used to murder him after she was detained.
Doan Thi Huong and co-defendant Siti Aisyah from Indonesia were charged with murder after Kim Jong Nam died at Kuala Lumpur's airport last year. They could face the death penalty if convicted, but not if they lacked intent to kill.
The court heard Tuesday that Huong thought she was playing a harmless prank for a hidden camera show.
Lawyer Hisyam Teh Poh Teik said Huong told police she didn't know the oily liquid given to her by a Korean man was VX nerve agent and she washed her hands after smearing Kim's face because the substance was smelly and uncomfortable.
Ron Huldai, the mayor of Tel Aviv-Yafo, announced Monday that reservists who live in the city will receive a 5 percent discount on property tax, starting in 2019, subject to the approval of the city council.
Huldai said that "Tel Aviv-Jaffa leads in the number of reserve days of its residents and this is just a symbolic thank you for their contribution."
AP Photo/Uncredited
ERIN, Wis. (AP) — Jack Nicklaus was good enough to win the U.S. Open as an amateur, and he nearly did.
Nicklaus was a 20-year-old U.S. Amateur champion at Cherry Hills, leading by one shot with six holes to play until he missed too many short putts and Arnold Palmer capped off a signature charge to win the 1960 U.S. Open.
That explains why Nicklaus had a wry smile when asked if he regarded Marty Fleckman as a threat 50 years ago in the U.S. Open.
Fleckman was a 23-year-old amateur, an NCAA champion at Houston and winner of the Texas State Amateur. He had a one-shot lead over Nicklaus, Palmer and Billy Casper in the final round in 1967 at Baltusrol.
“Let me put it this way,” Nicklaus said. “He was leading after 54 holes. He had a very good chance to win the Open.”
But he didn't.
Amateurs just don't win the U.S. Open anymore, bad news for the 14 amateurs at Erin Hills this week. The last amateur winner was Johnny Goodman in 1933, and there's little evidence that will change. Fleckman and Jim Simons in 1971 were the last ones to have a 54-hole lead.
Fleckman shot 80 in the final round that day, quickly stepping aside for a brief Nicklaus-Palmer duel that ended with Nicklaus by four shots, the second of his four U.S. Open titles. Fleckman drove up to Rhode Island the following week and won the prestigious Northeast Amateur at Wannamoisett.
The U.S. Open, for 83 years and counting, belongs to the pros.
“It was a wonderful experience,” said Fleckman, the director of golf instruction at Blackhorse Teaching Center in Texas. “I got off to a shaky start. I knew I couldn't win any money, so I tried to attack the golf course. You don't really attack a U.S. Open venue, and I paid the piper.”
Simons was a threat to the end at Merion. He was one shot behind going to the 18th hole until making a double bogey to finish three shots out of a playoff that Lee Trevino won the following day over Nicklaus.
Goodman had such a big lead that he shot 76 and still won the U.S. Open. He later won the U.S. Amateur.
Bobby Jones in 1930 at Hoylake is the last amateur to win the British Open. No amateur has ever won the Masters, which also has had its share of close calls, most notably Ken Venturi in 1956 until he shot 80 on the last day.
The amateurs at Erin Hills are facing Dustin Johnson and Rory McIlroy, Jordan Spieth and Jason Day. The gap between the pros and the amateurs is growing by the year, especially as the competition at the professional level is stronger than ever.
“If it's going to be done, it would be at the U.S. Open, where you can get on the good side of the draw and par is a good score and you're not giving anything to the field,” Spieth said. “I imagine it will be done.”
Not by him. He was low amateur in 2012, but he wasn't the best teenager at Olympic Club until it was over and 17-year-old Beau Hossler stumbled at the end.
Jordan Niebrugge, who was to hit the opening tee shot at Erin Hills on Thursday, was the low amateur at St. Andrews in the 2015 British Open, and he wasn't even the amateur attraction that week. Paul Dunne of Ireland shared the 54-hole lead with Day and Louis Oosthuizen, but fell back quickly and shot 78.
Dunne also is at Erin Hills. Much like Fleckman in 1967, the Irishman looks back on that final round as a great experience sprinkled with regrets.
“Major golf courses seem to be set up as different tests from any other week,” Dunne said. “Because of that, it can take a few people by surprise. And it can take an amateur by surprise to get in a position he didn't think he'd be in the first place.”
Dunne, Spieth and Nicklaus would not rule out an amateur winning a major. So why hasn't it happened?
The simple answer is because they turn pro.
Jon Rahm was low amateur at Oakmont last year in the U.S. Open. After a year of playing PGA Tour competition, he is No. 10 in the world and a threat to win this week. Spieth turned pro during his sophomore year at Texas. His game matured against the best.
Dunne also considered sheer numbers.
“The amateur game is strong,” Dunne said. “The top end amateurs, everyone is quite professional in hos they go about their business. It's hard to see it happening because there are so few amateurs. If you took the top 75 ranked players, and let in the next 75 top amateurs, you'd definitely have an amateur winner in a few years.”
Nicklaus still believes if a player is good enough, he can win anywhere, like he almost did in 1960. A year later, still an amateur, Nicklaus tied for seventh in the Masters and tied for fourth in the U.S. Open. And the year after that, he beat Palmer in a playoff at Oakmont for the first of his 18 majors.
“Most of them don't stay amateur very long,” Nicklaus said of today's crop. “If I had stayed amateur, do I think I would have won it? Yeah. You have amateurs who are good players, but they usually turn pro before they get real good.”
Comments
comments
NEW YORK (AP) — Tim Hardaway Jr. scored 22 points and Michael Beasley added 17 as the New York Knicks defeated the Chicago Bulls 110-92 on Monday night.
Enes Kanter had 10 points and 13 rebounds, while Troy Williams added 11 for the Knicks.
Cristiano Felicio scored a career-high 17 points for the Bulls, who were missing their top three scorers and went 3-for-30 from 3-point range. Bobby Portis and Antonio Blakeney scored 16 points apiece.
The Knicks used an 11-0 run to end the second quarter and take a 47-37 halftime lead.
Felicio scored Chicago's first 11 points of the second half and the Bulls pulled within four, 56-52, on Denzel Valentine's layup with 7:45 left.
That was close as they would get, as the Knicks followed with a 21-5 stretch and opened up a 77-57 lead on the second of Hardaway's consecutive 3-pointers with 2:35 left in the quarter.
New York led 83-67 at the end of the third, and the Bulls got within 10 points midway through the fourth. The Knicks responded with an 11-2 run that put the game away.
TIP-INS
Bulls: Coach Fred Hoiberg said Kris Dunn was being put in a walking boot after he suffered a right toe sprain against Memphis on Thursday. Dunn also missed Chicago's game against Cleveland on Saturday. ... The Bulls had beaten the Knicks in the teams' previous three meetings this season.
Knicks: Courtney Lee returned after missing Saturday's game for personal reasons. Lance Thomas missed his second straight game for personal reasons. ... The Knicks ended their five-game homestand at 2-3.
MISSING THE POINT
Chicago's Zach LaVine (16.7 points per game), Lauri Markkanen (14.9) and Dunn (13.4) were out with injuries. Nikola Mirotic, who had been leading the Bulls in scoring (16.8), was traded to New Orleans on February 1.
HONORING A HERO
During a timeout, the Knicks honored former Army Staff Sgt. Alfredo De Los Santos and presented him with a $10,000 scholarship for his daughter, Josely. De Los Santos lost his right leg when he was wounded in Afghanistan in 2008. He is now a professional hand cyclist who had a 4th-place finish at the 2016 Paralympics.
ALTERNATE UNIVERSE
The Bulls lost to the Cavaliers on Saturday and dropped consecutive games for the first time since Feb. 26-27. The Knicks, who beat the Hornets on Saturday, won consecutive games for the first time since Jan. 26-30.
LONELY VALENTINE
Denzel Valentine is the only player on either team who has played in every game this season. He has started 34 of the Bulls' 70 games.
UP NEXT
Bulls: Host Denver on Wednesday.
Knicks: Visit Miami on Wednesday.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
DENTS RUN, Pa. (AP) — The FBI has come up empty at the rural Pennsylvania site where Civil War gold is rumored to be buried.
State officials and members of a treasure-hunting group joined the FBI at the site where local lore has it a gold shipment was lost or hidden during the 1863 Battle of Gettysburg.
The FBI said in a statement Monday night that it conducted a "court-authorized excavation" at Dents Run, a heavily forested area about 135 miles (217 kilometers) northeast of Pittsburgh.
The FBI isn't confirming that its dig had anything to do with the legendary Civil War treasure. But the agency says it didn't find whatever it was looking for.
The FBI won't release additional details, saying the dig was related to an "ongoing investigation."
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature unconstitutionally approved it during a special session.
State Attorney General Xavier Becerra asked an appeals court to block and reverse last week's decision by Riverside County Superior Court Judge Daniel Ottolia.
The court denied the request to immediately block the ruling. But experts say Becerra has other legal options and could ask the state Supreme Court to weigh in to try to restore the law.
For now, there are many questions on the impact of the ruling. Here are some of them:
WHAT DID THE LAW ALLOW?
Adults could obtain a prescription for life-ending drugs if a doctor determined they had six months or less to live. To ensure they didn't have a change of heart, patients had to make two verbal requests at least 15 days apart and submit a written request.
California health officials reported 111 terminally ill people took drugs to end their lives in the first six months the law was in effect.
Compassion & Choices, a national organization that supports the law and wants it reinstated, estimated that 504 Californians requested prescriptions in the law's first year.
The next state report on the number of people who took the drugs is expected in July.
WHAT DID THE JUDGE DECIDE?
Ottolia didn't address the legal issue of whether it was proper to allow people to end their own lives. Rather, he found the law should not have been passed during a special session in 2015.
Those who supported the measure say state lawmakers were justified in taking up the issue because the session was devoted to health-related topics.
The appeals court that refused to block Ottolia's order has not yet considered the state's request to reverse the ruling. Ottolia on Wednesday rejected a request by Compassion & Choices to vacate his decision and scheduled a June 29 hearing on a similar request from the attorney general's office.
What does all this mean for now?
"We are in the world that we were before the law went into effect," said Erwin Chemerinsky, dean of the law school at the University of California, Berkeley.
WHAT HAPPENS TO THOSE WHO PLANNED TO USE THE LAW?
Patients who have not obtained prescriptions for life-ending medications can't legally get them now, said Dr. Lonny Shavelson, whose practice was solely focused on those cases.
Shavelson said he still is meeting with patients and taking their initial requests for drugs but not issuing prescriptions. And he said he can't guarantee their requests will count toward the required waiting period should the law be restored.
Shavelson said patients who previously obtained prescriptions can take their medication if they choose to. But with the law not in effect, it's possible a medical examiner could declare the death a suicide, which could create challenges for family members claiming insurance payments.
"I am spending a lot of time calming down really freaked-out patients," he said.
COULD DOCTORS FACE PROSECUTION?
Shavelson said he and his colleagues met recently and determined they were no longer in business because of the judge's ruling. Similarly, Kaiser Permanente halted the health network's end-of-life program.
What would happen to a doctor who wrote a prescription? Experts said that's largely up to prosecutors and can vary by jurisdiction.
Matt Valliere, executive director of the Patients' Rights Action Fund that wants the law thrown out, said he believes doctors who write prescriptions can and should be prosecuted for assisting in a suicide, which is a felony under California law.
Kathryn Tucker, executive director of the End of Life Liberty Project, said she doubts prosecutors would go after doctors who continue to treat pre-existing patients. But she said she doesn't expect doctors to issue new prescriptions without greater legal certainty.
CAN LAWMAKERS PASS ANOTHER LAW?
It's possible for lawmakers to propose another measure, but it took years for the state's now-blocked law to be passed. A new proposal on such an emotional issue would not sail through the Legislature.
Tucker said legal wrangling in the courts will likely take less time than another legislative push.
"What's at stake is of a very time-sensitive nature," she said.
Becerra's office asked the appeals court to consider the case on a quicker timeframe than the average appeal.
Surveillance video caught the dramatic moment an explosive device was detonated in the New York City subway system during this morning's rush hour, sending panicked commuters scrambling to evacuate.
Interested in New York? Add New York as an interest to stay up to date on the latest New York news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
The video shows commuters walking in the underground passageway near the Port Authority Bus Terminal when the explosion erupts. The camera screen filled with smoke as people fled for safety.
As the smoke clears, the suspect is seen lying on the ground.
The 27-year-old suspect, Akayed Ullah, is in the hospital, badly injured in the arm and torso from the device that went off in his arms, sources said. Ullah, originally from Bangladesh, told authorities he is self-inspired from ISIS online propaganda, sources said.
Andres Kudacki/AP
Christina Bethea, 29, told ABC News she was in the passageway on her way to work when she heard a bang, saw smoke and ran.
Despite the crowds, only five people suffered minor injuries, officials said.
Jason Szenes/EPA
Bryan R. Smith/AFP/Getty Images
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo called the explosion “one of our worst nightmares.” New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio called it an "attempted terrorist attack."
Cuomo said on CNN that the homemade device only partially detonated, explaining that the bomb was in a pipe that itself did not explode.
Granbury Pirates move to 3-2 (0-2 District 9-5A) after a 48-17 loss against the Crowley Eagles Friday, Oct. 7, at Eagle Stadium.
If Javascript is disabled browser, to place orders please visit the page where I sell my photos, powered by Fotomoto.
Transcript for Friend of Virginia shooter had no inclination he was violent
Joined by Kevin Cooper check who has known I'm James Hutchinson a fan of James options and for many years. Kevin thank you for joining us right now how long these you know mr. Auschwitz in. Well they're going back in 1966 we hear Hayward high school the dealer at. Belleville township high school least he was here at. Do you have any idea that he is capable of violence like this. No I don't coordination whatsoever. And hey hidden so he would never it has never spoken about going to Washington DC carrying out a threat like this. Well I'll meet Georgia only judge QC EU. The last few years I saw a few letters from trump to the letters to the editor of the Belleville news Democrat. Expressed some opinions as some dissatisfaction. Did strike me at the time that I read all of it is was anything. Radical ability thing. That really out of the ordinary. Just somebody giving their opinion. Revenue was pretty energized politically Hong. Well let's be charming NAS states will be about do different things she's blocked recently. Social media persons shall. I honestly I can't comment on they had former. Personal standpoint it's a do you have any idea why he was in Virginia are now. If no idea whatsoever what what I was watching the news this morning and he mentioned his name actual my wife. I know that so much sit poets Virginia and they mentioned Bellevue resident bill but boy says. Some conscience it. So that's it bush. And well Kevin thank you for joining us this morning thank you for that. In sight as we've been reporting all morning long the shooting this morning in Alexandria Virginia congressional baseball practice Republican. Baseball team practicing this morning shooter James T Hutchinson. Unloads on the field wounding at least five. One member of congress to use police and four others including two capitol police who brought the shooter down we have now learned. From President Trump the James Hutchinson. Has indeed had died.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
U.S. industrial production posted a solid gain in March, reflecting a record rebound in utility output. But a closely watched gauge of manufacturing posted its first setback in seven months as auto production dropped sharply.
The Federal Reserve said Tuesday that industrial production rose 0.5 percent, propelled by an 8.6 percent surge in utility output, the largest on records dating to 1939. The utility gain reflected a return to normal demand for heating in March after an unusually warm February had cut demand.
Manufacturing output fell 0.4 percent last month, the first decline since August. The manufacturing decline was led by a 3 percent drop in the production of motor vehicles and parts.
Output in the mining sector was up a slight 0.1 percent after a 2.9 percent February gain.
Industrial production, which covers manufacturing, utilities and mining, had produced a scant 0.1 percent increase in February. Output in February was held back by the sharp drop in utility production.
Last month's decline in factory production was a setback to what has been a rising trend over the past six months as factories recovered from a prolonged period of weakness. The weakness reflected a strong dollar, which cut into exports of American companies, and a drop in oil production, which caused cutbacks in investment by energy companies.
The 3 percent fall in auto output followed a 1.1 percent rise in February and a 1 percent drop in January.
The rough patch for manufacturing lasted from late 2015 through the middle of 2016. Sharply lower oil prices forced reductions in sales of drilling equipment, such as steel pipe.
A strong dollar, which makes U.S. products more expensive overseas, hurt manufacturing export sales. But with energy prices rising and the surge in the dollar tapering off, there is optimism that manufacturing will fare better in 2017.
Citizens have a chance to weigh in Thursday night on an annexation/rezoning issue, with the fate of 60 new apartment units hanging in the balance.
The apartment project, planned for a site at 384 Old Toast Road, already has drawn some opposition from neighboring property owners, which surfaced during a March 27 meeting of the Mount Airy Planning Board.
It is an advisory group to the city board of commissioners, which will conduct its own public hearing on the proposed annexation and rezoning during a meeting Thursday at 7 p.m. in the council chamber of the Municipal Building.
Those two actions have been requested by Wynnefield Properties, LLC, a Jamestown firm that previously launched the 56-unit Edgewood Place apartment complex near Walmart.
It also is in the process of developing the Jasper Pointe apartment project of 60 units in the 100 block of North Franklin Road near the Pipers Gap Road intersection, which the city government rezoned to accommodate.
The latest project is called Danbury Pointe Apartments, a 60-unit endeavor eyed for a 5.6-acre parcel at 384 Old Toast Road. The property, owned by local businessman E.D. Bray III, is now occupied by a single-family dwelling.
It is located near Beasley Street just south of West Pine Street (N.C. 89) near its interchange with U.S. 52-Bypass and is now in the extra-territorial jurisdiction (ETJ) zone. That is an area which is just outside the city limits but still under municipal zoning control.
The property presently is zoned a combination of R-20 (Residential) and M-1 (Industrial). Wynnfield Properties is seeking to have that changed, in conjunction with the annexation, to the municipality's B-2 CD (General Business-Conditional District) zone, to allow construction of the apartments.
Conditional zoning typically refers to flexibility for the use of land in a way not otherwise permitted within a particular zone, which may be allowed as long as certain conditions are met. No conditions were listed in planning department documents pertaining to Wynnefield Properties' proposal.
Early opposition
During the March 27 meeting of the planning board when the matter received preliminary consideration — which surrounding property owners were notified about and invited to attend — multiple objections were voiced to the annexation/rezoning.
One of the main points of opposition from neighboring landowners was a fear that the apartment complex would negatively impact the value of their property.
It also was mentioned that the site on Old Toast Road floods regularly, although there are no designated flood zones on the property.
Another objection relates to a description by the developer of Danbury Pointe Apartments as “workforce housing,” a term used to describe accommodations that fill the housing needs of the lower-middle-income population.
Despite the concerns raised before the planning board, it voted 6-0 to recommend approval of Wynnfield Properties' annexation and rezoning petition by the commissioners, which subsequently voted to set this week's public hearing on the matter.
The commissioners are not bound by the planning board recommendation.
This photo, taken Monday afternoon, shows the general vicinity of the area eyed for new apartments on Old Toast Road. The site is near Beasley Street just south of West Pine Street. http://mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_Build-it.jpg This photo, taken Monday afternoon, shows the general vicinity of the area eyed for new apartments on Old Toast Road. The site is near Beasley Street just south of West Pine Street.
By Tom Joyce [email protected]
Tom Joyce may be reached at 336-415-4693 or on Twitter @Me_Reporter.
Tom Joyce may be reached at 336-415-4693 or on Twitter @Me_Reporter.
President Donald Trump Tuesday suggested that his own nominee to head the Department of Veterans Affairs, Rear. Adm. Ronny Jackson, withdraw his name from consideration in a stunning turn of events that could likely end all hope that he becomes the next VA secretary.
Interested in Trump Administration? Add Trump Administration as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Trump Administration news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
"I wouldn't -- if I were him, actually in many ways I'd love to be him, but the fact is I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it," Trump said in the East Room of the White House during a joint press conference with French President Emmanuel Macron.
"What does he need it for? To be abused by a bunch of politicians that aren't thinking nicely about our country? I really don't think personally he should do it, but it's totally his. I would stand behind him. Totally his decision," Trump said.
The Senate Veterans Affairs Committee is reviewing what it calls "serious allegations" surrounding Jackson that include claims he created a hostile work environment and improperly dispensed medication as a White House physician, congressional and administration sources tell ABC News.
The sources said the medication in question is the prescription sleep aid Ambien.
Committee leaders announced Tuesday that they had postponed Wednesday's confirmation hearing while they reviewed the allegations.
Moments before the president made his remarks, ABC News spotted Jackson on Capitol Hill meeting with lawmakers about his nomination. He ignored questions about the allegations and said, "I'm looking forward to re-scheduling the hearing and getting the process moving."
Asked whether the hearing would be rescheduled he said, "That's going to be up to the committee."
President Trump praised Jackson as "a fine man" and a "great doctor, great everything," but said wouldn't want Jackson to go through a politically damaging nomination process.
"I don't want to put a man through who's not a political person. I don't want to put a man through a process like this," Trump said. "It's too ugly and too disgusting. So we'll see what happens. He'll make a decision."
Trump also addressed concerns that Jackson, who is currently the president's personal White House physician, lacks the overall management qualifications to head the second largest agency in the federal government, saying simply "there's an experience problem."
In a letter to Trump, the top Republican and Democrat on the committee ask the White House to turn over "any and all allegations and documents, including those developed during the course of an investigation" related to Jackson's service in the White House Medical Unit.
The Defense Department inspector general would not comment on the existence of any possible investigations into Jackson's conduct and referred all questions to the White House.
Democratic Sen. Richard Blumenthal, a member of the Veterans Affairs Committee, would not discuss details of the allegations but told ABC News "they go to his integrity and his management ability and his credibility to manage that department."
Committee chairman Republican Sen. Johnny Isakson shared concerns about the allegations but cautioned to ABC News "not everything you read in the news is true."
The White House was standing by the nomination of Jackson earlier Tuesday, but senior aides concede privately that there is a chance the nomination goes down.
Deputy secretary Hogan Gidley released a statement Tuesday morning on Jackson after news of the allegations broke, saying "He's served as the physician to three Presidents—Republican and Democrat—and been praised by them all.
"Admiral Jackson's record of strong, decisive leadership is exactly what's needed at the VA to ensure our veterans receive the benefits they deserve,” the statement said.
Jackson has spoken publicly about prescribing Ambien during White House international trips, a common practice for overcoming jet lag. "When we travel from one time zone to another time zone on the other side of the planet, I recommend that everyone on the plane take a sleep aid at certain times so that we can try our best to get on the schedule of our destination," Jackson said at a press briefing earlier this year.
Several lawmakers said the White House should be held responsible for the delayed nomination because of a failure to properly vet the nominee.
"It is really frustrating to me that this administration continues to not vet or sloppily send over a nominee that leaves us having to really vet them and look at serious questions, which this Senate is now doing, and that's the right step," Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., told ABC News.
Asked if he should withdraw his nomination, she said, "that is up to the White House."
"But I will assure you that every one of us as members of the committee are looking at every allegation and we have a responsibility to do so," she said.
President Trump nominated Jackson last month after he fired his first VA secretary, David Shulkin, amid allegations Shulkin misused taxpayer funds and faced growing tension with other senior Trump staff.
DETROIT (AP) — A proposed class-action lawsuit has been filed by three employees against Fiat Chrysler and United Auto Workers in connection with a federal corruption investigation.
The Detroit News and Detroit Free Press report Monday that the suit alleges union dues paid from 2009 to 2015 may have been spent on tainted or illegal bargaining.
Former Fiat Chrysler executive Al Iacobelli (IKE'-uh-belly) handled labor relations and admitted that he was trying to gain an advantage for the automaker. He has pleaded guilty to paying $1.5 million in cash and gifts to high-ranking UAW members.
Then-UAW vice president General Holiefield was charged in the case, but died in 2015. His wife also is charged.
The money for the scheme came from the UAW-Chrysler National Training Center in Detroit.
UAW denies the payments influenced contract bargaining.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is dining with members of the U.N. Security Council, who are discussing evidence that Iran is arming rebels in Yemen.
Trump said before the lunch meeting Monday at the White House: "We're helping the world."
The guests include U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley and more than a dozen foreign ambassadors. Haley organized the visit, which includes a trip to the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum with national security adviser H.R. McMaster.
Among the attendees are ambassadors from China, France, Russia and the United Kingdom.
The attendees are expected to see missile remnants the U.S. says are proof that Iran has been arming rebels in Yemen. The Trump administration has pushed to punish Iran for funneling weapons to Houthi Shiite rebels in Yemen, which Tehran has emphatically denied.
13:41 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 The Facebook posts which led to indictment Read more Jewish man gets indicted for incitement on Facebook - while Arab incitement to carry out terror attacks goes unpunished, time and again. ► ◄ Last Briefs
11:58 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Jerusalem fire: Father agrees to partial autopsy The father of the four children suspected of being murdered by their mother responded in the affirmative to a police request to allow partial autopsy of their bodies, Police reported.
► ◄ Last Briefs
HIGHGATE, Vt. (AP) — The U.S. Border Patrol says a North Carolina woman is facing a charge she was transporting people into the United States who didn't have permission to be in the country.
A complaint filed in U.S. District Court in Burlington says Border Patrol agents were alerted early Sunday that six people had walked into the United States from Canada in Highgate, Vermont.
Agents spotted an SUV driven by 31-year-old Carmen Melari Ferrufino Perdomo, of Charlotte, North Carolina, a U.S. citizen originally from Honduras. It's unclear if she has an attorney.
In the car were six Mexican citizens who told investigators they had crossed into the United States that night.
The Border Patrol says the area where the group was first spotted has seen multiple smuggling events in the past few weeks.
A woman believed to be the first in Brazil to ask the state for permission to end a pregnancy that did not result from a rape or involve medical issues has had an abortion — in Colombia.
Rebeca Mendes filed a case with the Supreme Court in late November seeking to have an abortion when she was six weeks pregnant, but the court rejected her request.
While waiting for a decision on another petition, Mendes traveled to Colombia last week. She told The Associated Press on Monday that she had an abortion there.
Her decision to have an abortion ends her involvement in a case that garnered national headlines in Brazil and sought to push back against restrictive abortion laws.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — U.S. officials are taking steps to stem a surging backlog in asylum applications to prevent fraud and enable those genuinely fleeing persecution to settle here.
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services said Wednesday that it will start reviewing more recent applications first and push those already waiting a long time toward the back of the line.
It aims to prevent immigrants from applying for asylum to bide their time and obtain work permits when they don't qualify for the protection.
Immigration attorneys said the move was absurd and would force those already waiting three or four years to wait even longer for their cases to be heard.
The agency has more than 300,000 pending asylum applications, compared with 16,000 in July 2012.
___
2 big insurance breakups on Valentine's Day
Cigna says it is ending Anthem's proposed, $48-billion acquisition bid and seeking billions in damages from the Blue Cross-Blue Shield insurer. The announcement comes hours after another major insurer, Aetna Inc., said it was abandoning its planned, $34-billion purchase of Medicare Advantage provider Humana Inc.
———
Yellen: Expect Fed to resume raising rates in coming months
WASHINGTON (AP) — Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen pointed Tuesday to a solid U.S. job market and economy and suggested that the Fed will resume raising interest rates in the next few months. But with many uncertainties surrounding President Donald Trump's proposals, Yellen said the Fed still wants to keep assessing the economy.
———
Jumping bank stocks push US indexes higher; bond yields rise
NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stock indexes climbed further into record territory, led by a push higher for banks. Bond yields rose after Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said the central bank is still on track to raise interest rates gradually.
———
With Trump's win in China, will Trump toilets get flushed?
SHANGHAI (AP) — China is expected to give President Trump valuable rights to his brand for construction services this week. Chinese authorities denied him that benefit for a decade, but after Trump declared his candidacy his fortunes changed. Ethics lawyers say Trump's foreign trademarks are a conflict of interest that may violate the Constitution. Meanwhile, makers of Trump-brand luxury toilets in Shenzhen are contemplating a new legal adversary: the president of the United States.
———
Jumping bank stocks push US indexes higher; bond yields rise
NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stock indexes climbed further into record territory, led by a push higher for banks. Bond yields rose after Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said the central bank is still on track to raise interest rates gradually.
———
Leaders of American Airlines pilots' union blast CEO
DALLAS (AP) — Support from labor unions was critical when Doug Parker's US Airways forced a merger with American, but now the CEO of the world's biggest airline is under fire from unions unhappy about pay that lags rates at rival Delta. Leaders of the pilots' union say they have lost confidence in the ability of Parker and senior executives to lead the airline. Flight attendants picketed Tuesday at company headquarters and three big airports.
———
US says canceled flights declining, fewer bags getting lost
The government says airlines are getting better at avoiding canceled flights, losing bags and bumping passengers. The Transportation Department also says 2016 was one of the best years for on-time arrivals.
———
Buffett's firm invests heavily in Apple, airline stocks
OMAHA, Neb. (AP) — Warren Buffett's company nearly quadrupled its investment in Apple to over 57 million shares during the last three months of last year. Berkshire Hathaway Inc. filed a quarterly update on its U.S. stock portfolio with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday.
———
Judge gives OK to deal for smaller set of cheating VWs
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A judge in San Francisco granted initial approval to a deal worth at least $1.2 billion that aims to compensate owners of roughly 78,000 Volkswagens with 3-liter engines that were rigged to cheat on emissions tests. The company previously agreed to spend up to $10 billion buying back or repairing Volkswagens and Audis with 2-liter diesel engines. U.S. District Judge Charles Breyer congratulated attorneys on both sides before granting preliminary approval to the smaller deal on Tuesday
———
Merck Alzheimer's drug fails in 1 study; another continues
Merck & Co. says it will stop its study of an experimental Alzheimer's drug in people with mild or moderate symptoms because interim results showed "virtually no chance" of any benefit
———
PSA Group exploring takeover of GM's European unit Opel
FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — France's PSA Group, maker of Peugeot and Citroen cars, says it's exploring "a potential acquisition" of Opel, the money-losing European business of General Motors Co. PSA Group and GM are already involved in several joint projects in Europe.
———
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 92.25 points, or 0.5 percent, to 20,504.41. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 9.33 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,337.58 for its sixth straight day of gains. The Nasdaq composite rose 18.62, or 0.3 percent, to 5,782.57.
Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 27 cents to settle at $53.20 per barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, rose 38 cents to $55.97 a gallon in London. Natural gas fell 4 cents to $2.91 per 1,000 cubic feet, heating oil rose a penny to $1.64 per gallon and wholesale gasoline was close to flat at $1.55 a gallon.
Updated 3/18/2018: On March 17, 2018, Facebook announced that Cambridge Analytica was suspended for violating the company's standards and practices. TechRepublic's Dan Patterson was one of the early reporters to write about Cambridge Analytica during the 2016 campaign. Patterson spoke with CBS News about how the data firm could have harvested so many Facebook profiles. The interview has been added to this article.
SEE: How a Facebook app scraped millions of people's personal data | Video: Facebook data was misused to sway 2016 voters, reports says (CBS News)
This article was originally published on March 13, 2017.
TechRepublic recently reported on controversial tweets by former White House technology staffer Gerrit Lansing and former Trump campaign social media strategist Gary Coby alleging Cambridge Analytica overstated its role in the campaign and the capabilities of the firm's technology. Specifically the company was accused of taking credit for Trump's Facebook advertising strategy and his victories in Michigan and Florida.
The tweets sparked a fiery debate about the role of big data in politics and vertical industries. Big data undeniably played a huge role during the 2016 presidential campaign, and after big elections political data innovations are often adopted by enterprise companies and SMBs. Some political technology firms—particularly partisan startups like NGP VAN and Targeted Victory—are now focused on local and regional races in the US. Other firms, like L2 and Cambridge Analytica, deploy their analytics product across enterprise verticals such as media, finance, and health care.
SEE: Quick glossary: Big data (Tech Pro Research)
Last year in an interview with TechRepublic CEO Alexander Nix reiterated the company's non-partisan status. "We are fundamentally politically agnostic and an apolitical organization," he said. "The high volume of Republican primary candidates this cycle allowed us to enter a competitive market."
Cambridge Analytica famously states its database contains over 5,000 data points on nearly every American consumer. The company is hardly the only big data company to make grand assertions about the power of analytics. Nearly every firm that TechRepublic spoke with while reporting this story agreed that big data is undeniably powerful and expressed concern that "magical" claims undermine the true value of analytics.
WATCH: Documentary shows information revolution of big data (CBS News)
"Faulty products that exaggerate results can mismanage client expectations," said a person familiar with the political technology industry. "Innovation only really succeeds if the product works. In any [business] sector, if one company exaggerates it harms the entire ecosystem. It erodes trust in the market."
Cambridge Analytica refuted the allegations and clarified its role on the campaign in mid-February during a 30-minute phone conversation. Portions of the audio interview, however, were off record so we asked Cambridge Analytica's head of product, Matthew Oczkowski, to respond to the allegations and clarify how their technology works.
Can you contextualize the controversy regarding the tweets from Lansing and Coby?
At CA, we break up our data into three buckets: political, commercial, and 1st party. We work with several of the main voter file providers, depending on the preference of our clients, to access vote history and voter profiles. We also access many of the top commercial data providers on a licensing basis; this data includes things like general demographics, geographics, purchase history, interests, etc. Finally, we collect data internally from R&D projects like internal surveys and research, exclusive data relationships, and data collection through direct response projects.
Can you articulate what Cambridge Analytica's technology is, how it works, and how you applied your tech for the Trump campaign?
At our core, we are a data and behavioral science company. Simply put, we help organizations figure out who to talk to and what to say to them. We believe that demographic-based marketing has become relatively obsolete and that understanding the underlying motivations of an individual are a far more effective way to communicate with someone. We deploy this research through both digital and television, which serve as the vehicles to reach these individuals.
For the Trump campaign, we served as the data agency of record, but our role quickly evolved as the cycle progressed. Our three core pillars of execution were data science and analytics, digital marketing (mostly persuasion and GOTV), and polling/research. Having a large amount of control and input into each of these three areas allowed us to be extremely efficient and reactive. It also allowed us to easily integrate with the staff at Giles-Parscale and the RNC.
Our approach allows our clients, like the Trump campaign, to more efficiently spend their resources and better persuade and mobilize their advocates.
Since data is the underpinning of every actionable insight that an organization would want to make, the applications of what we do are endless. With the Trump campaign, we assisted with everything from resource allocation for media buys, calculating the most efficient candidate travel stops, influencing the content in surrogate speeches, and personalizing messaging to the individual voter.
SEE: Hiring kit: Data architect (Tech Pro Research)
We learned that no two campaigns are alike and that there is no 'playbook' for the standard way to run a data, digital, or technology program on a campaign. Developing a custom program five months out from election day proved to have its unique challenges. Also, the style of President Trump as a candidate was far different from what we have seen with other candidates. This required us to changes some of our approaches to more quickly measure the attitudes of the electorate.
Hindsight is always 20/20, but going back and doing it all over again I would have traded money for time. I say this on most campaigns that I work on, but a bit more maturity in a few of the programs we set up may have yielded even better results. Given the outcome of the election, we are more than happy with the result.
At the end of the day, people are people. Convincing someone to show up and vote or donate for a political candidate is correlative with many issues businesses face everyday. Whether it be finding new customers, or improving brand loyalty, many of our techniques are suited to do just that.
Regarding your tech, does the firm build tech in-house, acquire tech from startups and other companies, or a mixture?
We acquire data in a number of ways - everything from commercial licensing, political exchange agreements, internal investment (R&D projects), and proprietary relationships with partner companies.
We most certainly do build tech in house. We recently hired our CTO, Darren Bolding, who served as CTO of the RNC this past cycle. Darren and I manage, and are currently expanding, our in-house team of engineers to productize our offering a bit more. We aim to move more towards general automation of what we do in the form of a SaaS product.
SEE: IT leader's guide to Agile development (Tech Pro Research)
Big data is a huge business trend. What's your take on the current state of political big data? And what does the future look like?
We don't consider ourselves a 'big data' company, we are a data analytics company. Many organizations out there want to serve as the database of record for their clients. We aim to be the layer on top of that, which provides our clients with actionable insights - essentially acting as the brain behind the decision-making process.
We've come a long way, but there is still a lot of work to be done on the side of automation. Campaigns move so quickly that often it's difficult to keep up. The more automation we can bring to the process outside of the campaign HQ will greatly increase our speed in delivering insights to the decision makers.
Keep up to date on all of the latest in tech. Click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Best of the Week newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
YOU JUST SAW:
Pope Francis meets with prelates from the Archdiocese of Lyon, France, at the Vatican, Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017. (L'Osservatore Romano/Pool Photo via AP)
A plea agreement from the only person to be criminally charged in the San Bernardino terror attack drew mixed emotions from the victims' loved ones.
"It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day," said Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the 2015 shooting.
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, agreed to plead guilty Tuesday to providing the high-powered rifles used to kill 14 people and injure nearly two dozen others and to plotting a mass killing with the gunman Syed Rizwan Farook that they never carried out, court records say.
Pifer said despite the tough timing of the deal she's "relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it."
She said she planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact her boyfriend's killing has had on her. In his last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding her from the bullets.
"It is what it is," she said. "Nothing's going to bring him back."
Farook and his wife, Tashfeen Malik opened fire on his co-workers on Dec. 2, 2015, and were later killed in a gunfight with authorities.
Prosecutors said Marquez acknowledged being a "straw buyer" when he purchased two AR-15 rifles from a sporting goods store that were used in the attack at the Inland Regional Center in San Bernardino. Prosecutors have said Marquez agreed to buy the weapons because the attackers feared Farook's Middle Eastern appearance might arouse suspicion. Prosecutors said there is no evidence Marquez participated in the San Bernardino massacre or had advance knowledge of it.
Marquez also admitted to plotting with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to massacre college students and gun down motorists on a gridlocked California freeway, though those attacks never occurred.
Federal officials said the duo had envisioned halting traffic on state Route 91 with explosives and then firing at trapped motorists, or tossing pipe bombs into a crowded cafeteria at Riverside City College.
Marquez said he backed out of the plot after four men in the area about 60 miles inland from Los Angeles were arrested on terrorism charges in late 2012, the FBI has said in court documents.
"While his earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center," U.S. Attorney Eileen M. Decker said Tuesday.
Marquez, who could face up to 25 years in prison, is scheduled to appear before a federal judge on Thursday. His attorney didn't immediately respond to messages seeking comment.
Marquez and Farook first met in 2005 after Marquez moved next door to Farook's family in Riverside, about 55 miles east of downtown Los Angeles, officials said. The then-teens would meet in Farook's garage and Farook, a Muslim, began educating his new friend about his religion. Marquez converted and became a Muslim in 2007.
The FBI said the two began discussing extremist views shortly after Marquez converted. By late 2011, Marquez spent most of his time at Farook's home, where he read Inspire magazine, an official publication of al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula; watched videos produced by al-Qaida's affiliate in Somalia; and studied radical material online, federal officials said.
———
Associated Press writer Amanda Lee Myers contributed to this report.
———
Follow Michael Balsamo on Twitter at http://twitter.com/MikeBalsamo1.
The Latest on California wildfires (all times local):
10:50 a.m.
Authorities have issued new alerts about unhealthy air from smoke and ash sent up by a growing Southern California wildfire.
Richard Sanchez, a manager at Jeannine's American Bakery Restaurant in the foothill enclave of Montecito, says customers are coming in Monday wearing masks. He says smoke is so thick that visibility is down to a few feet and a layer of ash is coating the streets.
Regulators are warning people in parts of Santa Barbara, Ventura and Los Angeles counties to stay indoors, avoid vigorous outdoor activities and not do anything to stir up ash.
Even residents of Montecito and neighboring Carpinteria who aren't under evacuation orders have opted to leave because of the thick blanket of smoke.
———
7:45 a.m.
A growing Southern California wildfire is threatening the wealthy seaside enclave of Montecito, where celebrities have evacuated estates perched on hillsides below heavy flames.
Smoke shrouded Rob Lowe's home and the actor wore a mask as he livestreamed his family leaving on Sunday. Lowe thanked fans on Instagram for their thoughts and expressed gratitude for firefighters, saying "we need you!"
Talk show host Ellen DeGeneres said on Twitter that neighbors were helping each other and their animals get to safety. She said she was proud to be a part of the small, exclusive community in Santa Barbara County northwest of Los Angeles.
Retired tennis star Jimmy Connors tweeted that his property was in danger.
Many residents of Montecito and neighboring Carpinteria not under evacuation orders have opted to leave because of heavy smoke and ash blowing through.
———
5:30 a.m.
Crews aided by calm overnight winds kept a wall of flames from descending from mountains into coastal towns after a huge Southern California wildfire exploded in size over the weekend.
Thousands remain under evacuation orders Monday as the fire churns west through foothill areas of Carpinteria and Montecito, Santa Barbara County seaside towns about 75 miles (120 kilometers) northwest of Los Angeles. Much of the fire's new growth occurred on the eastern and northern fronts into unoccupied areas of Los Padres National Forest.
The fire, which had already destroyed more than 750 buildings, burned six more in Carpinteria on Sunday. It's just 10 percent contained after burning nearly 360 square miles (930 square kilometers).
Officials say the blaze, which broke out a week ago in neighboring Ventura County, is now the 5th largest in California history.
British Prime Minister Theresa May promised on Wednesday evening there will be a “proper investigation” following the Grenfell Tower fire, in which at least 12 people were killed and scores injured.
“In due course, when the scene is secure, when it's possible to identify the cause of this fire, then of course there will be proper investigation and if there are any lessons to be learned they will be, and action will be taken,” she said.
President Donald Trump entertained the idea of negotiating a new deal to block Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons Tuesday during a joint press conference with French President Emmanuel Macron."There is a chance, and nobody what Ibeing going to do on the 12th, although Mr. President, you have a pretty good idea, but we'll see," President Trump said, apparently teasing forward to an upcoming deadline as it relates to the United States' continued participation in the deal. "But we'll see also if I do what some people expect, whether or not it will be possible to do a new deal with solid foundations, because this is a deal with decayed foundations."The president further reiterated his belief that the current Iran nuclear deal , negotiated during the Obama administration, is a "bad deal" that is "falling down" and should have "never have been made."Trump also issued a direct warning against Iran: "If Iran threatens us if any way, they will pay a price like few countries have ever paid."But even as the president suggested an openness to exploring a new Iran deal, he also hedged that such a deal may not come to fruition."I think we will have a shot to be a much bigger deal, maybe not deal, but we'll know fairly soon," Trump said.While President Trump stopped short of directly committing to the possibility of pursuing a new deal, President Macron made clear that he desires to pursue a new agreement, which Macron agreed is not sufficient to restraining Iran long term."It's not a mystery, we did not have the same starting positions," said Macron. "I can say that we've had very frank discussion on that, just the two of us. You consider that the Iranian deal, the JCPOA, the one negotiated in 2015 with Iran is a bad deal. For a number of months I've been saying that this was not a sufficient deal but that it enabled us at least until 2025 to have some control over their nuclear activities. We, therefore, wish to work on a new deal with Iran."Macron outlined his main interests in continuing to block Iran's nuclear development through 2025, something the current deal already does, while working to ensure that objectives are carried out long-term, and also end ballistic activities in the region."France is not naive when it comes to Iran," said Macron. "But we do not repeat the mistakes of the past."
AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Intelligence officials believe North Korean agents assassinated leader Kim Jong-un's exiled half brother, but if the whodunit seems settled, a very big question still looms: Why now? Kim Jong Nam, reportedly killed by two female agents in a cloak-and-dagger operation in a Malaysian airport, had long been an embarrassment to North Korea's government – humiliated during a failed attempt to sneak into Japan to visit Disneyland and outspoken in opposing the rise to power of his brother, who had his uncle executed after taking over. But the overweight gambler and fading playboy had kept his head down in recent years from his base in Macau. Kim Jong Nam was seen by many outsiders as only a minor distraction for North Korea's leaders, and certainly not an existential threat worth the risk of a potentially embarrassing assassination caper on foreign soil. The spotty South Korean intelligence community ascribed the North's motivation in killing Kim Jong Nam, without any elaboration, simply to Kim Jong-un's “paranoia.” There is a more intriguing possibility floating around Seoul, however: The tipping point in North Korea's bloody calculations may have been a largely ignored South Korean news story from last week. A national daily, the Kyunghyang Shinmun, reported that Kim Jong Nam tried to defect to South Korea several years ago and had served, in the 2000s, as a middleman between disgraced current South Korean President Park Geun-hye and officials in North Korea. Kim Jong-un may have clenched his teeth and carried on when he heard reports of his half brother's exploits in Macau casinos, and even when Kim Jong Nam, often photographed in an expensive, untucked, button-down shirt and newsboy cap, questioned in 2010 the need for a third generation of the Kim family to rule in Pyongyang. But public reports in rival South Korea of alleged close dealings between a direct relative of North Korea's ruling dynasty and high officials in Seoul – and possible attempts to defect to the South – could have represented a serious challenge to a leader who portrays his family as the only legitimate power on the Korean Peninsula. If a person with the blood of North Korea founder Kim Il Sung flowing in his veins was considering defecting to prosperous, democratic South Korea, what message did that send to North Korea's elite, or to the millions of poor and dissatisfied? South Korea's spy agency, the National Intelligence Service, which has a spotty record in reading the goings-on in North Korea and often tries to paint the leadership as unbalanced, denied any defection attempt by Kim Jong Nam. But Cheong Seong-Chang, an analyst at South Korea's Sejong Institute, raised the possibility that the assassination was linked to the newspaper report, which cites interviews with anonymous officials from the Europe-Korea Foundation, where Park served as a board member for a decade before stepping down ahead of the presidential election in late 2012, and computer files and emails that showed exchanges between Kim Jong Nam and the foundation's officials. The newspaper reported that Kim Jong Nam, who was then living in Beijing, delivered a letter that Park wrote to Kim Jong Il, North Korea's second leader and Kim Jong-un's father, in 2005. The letter, according to the newspaper, showed Park requesting help on cultural exchange programs pushed by the foundation. Jeong Joon-Hee, the spokesman of South Korea's Unification Ministry, previously said the government doesn't believe such a letter from Park, who has been impeached over a corruption scandal, was delivered to North Korea. The newspaper also cited anonymous sources to report that Kim Jong Nam explored the possibility of defecting to South Korea, and also to the United States and Europe, in 2012 before giving up. The sources said Kim's talks with South Korea and the United States eventually fell through because of his excessive demands. While the South Korean news report is a fascinating potential explanation for Kim Jong Nam's death, there are other possibilities – including that Monday's killing was the culmination of years of effort by North Korea. Seoul's spy service told lawmakers Wednesday that North Korea had for five years tried to kill Kim Jong Nam, who had kept a low profile since his uncle and former protector, the North's former No. 2, Jang Song Thaek, was executed by Kim Jong-un in 2013. The NIS, according to lawmakers, cited a “genuine” attempt by North Korea to kill Kim Jong Nam in 2012, but didn't elaborate. The lawmakers said the NIS told them Kim Jong Nam sent a letter to Kim Jong-un in April 2012, after the assassination attempt, begging for the lives of himself and his family. The letter said, “I hope you cancel the order for the punishment of me and my family. We have nowhere to go, nowhere to hide, and we know that the only way to escape is committing suicide.” Kim Jong Nam's links with China may have also played a role. Beijing had long protected Kim Jong Nam, according to South Korea's intelligence service. China may have been interested in propping up Kim Jong Nam as a future North Korean leader should the current government in Pyongyang collapse. Kim Jong-un would not have been pleased by knowledge that his brother was being used by Beijing as a pawn and potential replacement.
Comments
comments
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on President Donald Trump (all times local):
11:25 a.m.
President Donald Trump has tweeted a military-themed, Independence Day video greeting to the nation.
In a short recording, Trump said Wednesday he and first lady Melania Trump wished everyone a happy holiday.
Trump noted the day marked the 242nd anniversary of the Declaration of Independence. But his focus was on the U.S. military and veterans. Trump declared, "Our freedom has been earned through the blood and sweat and sacrifice of American heroes. And these are great American heroes."
Trump is to hold a picnic Wednesday afternoon for military families at the White House, followed by a concert and with a view of the National Park Service's fireworks display.
___
12:04 a.m.
President Donald Trump celebrated active-duty service members and veterans during a military tribute on the eve of Independence Day.
Delivering remarks at a "Salute to Service" charity dinner at the Greenbrier resort in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia, Trump praised "Americans of every generation" who served in the armed forces.
The event was held in conjunction with the PGA Tour's Greenbrier Classic, which has been rechristened as "A Military Tribute at The Greenbrier." The venerable resort is owned by the state's Republican governor, presidential ally Jim Justice.
Highlighting his efforts to boost spending for the military, Trump said, "As the golfers can tell you, the stronger we get, the less likely it is that we will have to use it."
An avid golfer, Trump praised the "incredible athletes" in attendance.
A little over 150 years ago, our tragic, violent Civil War came to a close.
Interested in Roy Moore? Add Roy Moore as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Roy Moore news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
It was fought by forces on one side who wanted to preserve the Union, the ideals our Constitution were based on, and the achievement of a common good for all Americans. On the other side were people driven by tribalism and values such as a support for slavery more than any belief in the Union or the larger good.
There was no guarantee the Union would survive, but it did because patriotic Americans stepped forward to preserve our Republic.
The secession of the Confederate states was a dramatic way to fight for one's own tribe and to do damage to America and to the Union of folks who believed in the common good.
Today, we are again faced with a group of Americans fighting against our Union and the common good in order to advance the interests of their tribe. This is incredibly dangerous to our democracy and the ideals based in our Constitution.
A nation can have a healthy, functional democracy only if its citizens are willing to go beyond the interests of their tribe and work for the common good.
AP
When tribalism is the most powerful drive, democracy either can't exist or it is not functional. Citizens have to be able to walk away from their tribes, compromise, and build a system that is good for all. We are at a key moment today where what color jersey one is wearing is more important to folks than the common good of the country.
This week a key Senate race highlighting this tribalism is happening in Alabama, and is again endangering our Union and putting our American ideals at risk.
A group of voters in Alabama have decided that ideology and party are more important than integrity and the common good and they are fully embracing Roy Moore in a most tribal way.
Moore, 70, has been accused by eight women of actions ranging from inappropriate behavior to sexual assault when he was in his 30s and in most of the cases the women were in their teens. He has denied the allegations.
Richard Drew/AP
Even apart from the disturbing allegations, Moore seems to have no interest in a strong America based on our diversity or on people coming together for the common good. His vision is of an America that is white, with a corrupt version of Christianity and a patriarchy where men have the power.
We saw this same wave in last year's presidential election.
A huge part of President Trump's support was rooted in a similar tribalism that sees a changing America demographic landscape as a danger.
This kind of failure to embrace values of tolerance, integrity, and equal rights for all is what many of our founders feared more than two centuries ago.
And, yes, partisanship is a cause of concern among those wearing red or blue jerseys as we would hope all could put country over party.
Drew Angerer/Getty Images
What has emerged last year in our elections, in the decisions by this administration, and in the response from different tribes around the country especially at this moment in Alabama takes this to a dangerous extreme.
While states haven't voted to secede from the union, and there is no violent war between fellow Americans, what is going on poses an inherent threat to our Union and the health of our Republic.
When voters and, worse, their leaders, refuse to work toward the common good but push only for the benefit of their tribes, they are taking the same undemocratic steps as leaders from an era many thought was long gone.
The vast majority of Americans agree on the fundamental ideals and norms of democracy and on solutions to some of our biggest concerns of the 21st century.
But the strengthening tribalism is preventing us from acting on what consensus exists toward a larger common good.
Most citizens support commonsense gun reform — it isn't getting done.
Most citizens want fiscal responsibility and a balanced budget — it isn't happening.
Most citizens want a tax code that benefits all Americans and greater sacrifice from those most blessed with wealth — the opposite is occurring.
Most citizens believe in tolerance and respect for all religious beliefs, races, sexuality, and cultural diversity. But too often the tribes of hate have the loudest voices.
This tribalism poses a grave risk to the United States as a functioning democratic republic.
I said last year the divisions in America were as strong as any time since the Civil War, and many criticized this comparison. Unfortunately, the truth of this has become so clearly apparent.
Today, the tribalism that emerged in the minds and hearts of those who supported secession long ago is visible again, though in a different way.
It is just as dangerous to this great American experiment. Let us all push back against this and fight again for our Union and for making the common good our driving principle.
We need a new round of patriots who are willing to step forward and protect our Union.
“Sweet Spot,” by Mike Sugerman
NEW YORK (WCBS 880) – Who's a good boy? Chico, that's who. And he's a star.
“Chico played the role of Bruiser in ‘Legally Blonde the Musical' on Broadway,” Bill Berloni tells me.
Berloni is Broadway's dog whisperer and American's top theatrical animal trainer.
“I made up the term theatrical animal trainer. There was no one before me,” he says. “Basically what I've done is I've trained animals that will appear in Broadway shows and any live theatrical event.”
That's 27 Broadway shows, including “Annie,” which went through 30 dogs in its run. Dozens of movies and TV shows as well.
Do you have a dog you think is a star? Berloni will be the one to let you know.
“I get calls all the time with people saying, ‘I've got the greatest dog, I can't walk down the street without being stopped,'” he says.
But he'll tell you that doesn't mean your dog will be a showstopper.
“My first question is: Is it trained? And they'll go, ‘No, it's just so beautiful.' And when you think about it, nobody could be an actor without some sort of training. So why people think their animals could be stars without any training is mindboggling,” he says.
Sit, stay, come – that's a good start. But just that.
That dog better be on a short leash.
“It's a very strenuous field, and there are a lot of variables, and dogs have to be super dogs to be performers and stars,” says Berloni.
Good-looking dog? Get in line. Otherwise you're barking up the wrong tree.
Find more from the “Sweet Spot” here.
EMBED >More News Videos The 29th Annual Professional BusinessWomen of California Conference is taking place at Moscone Center on Tuesday, and ABC7 is again a proud sponsor.
EMBED >More News Videos This edition of Beyond the Headlines focuses on a long standing organization called the Professional BusinessWomen of California, or PBWC.
Actress Ashley Judd talking about the #MeToo movement at the #PBWC. pic.twitter.com/ItSfNVEe8V — Amy Hollyfield (@amyhollyfield) April 24, 2018
Loved meeting Benita Mays from Bank of the West. Such a treat to talk to viewers face to face instead of through a camera! #PBWC #standupliftup pic.twitter.com/XNbXJ2JWOw — Amy Hollyfield (@amyhollyfield) April 24, 2018
Love meeting ABC7 News viewers! This is Janet Portley and she says she watches us every morning! #PBWC #standupliftup pic.twitter.com/ZJ71syiZ3j — Amy Hollyfield (@amyhollyfield) April 24, 2018
We are here at the ABC7 news booth. Come say hi! #PBWC #standupliftup pic.twitter.com/HTVs6ySc3C — Amy Hollyfield (@amyhollyfield) April 24, 2018
At least 6,000 people, mostly women, attended the sold-out Professional BusinessWomen of California Conference in San Francisco today for career inspiration and networking opportunities.Jane Fonda, Lily Tomlin, Ashley Judd and Maria Shriver are among the speakers and panelists at the conference, which focuses on empowering women and making improvements in the workplace.ABC 7's Cheryl Jennings is serving as emcee and introducing an impressive list of speakers.Kaiser CEO Bernard Tyson talked about his ancestors who were slaves and how he now leads a major American company. "Nobody should own your dreams no matter how high or far you want to go, you can own that," he said."So far, it is more inspirational than expected. I thought it might be a little boring, but the speakers have been great," attendee Jacqui Bellini-Murray said.The 29th Annual Professional BusinessWomen of California Conference is taking place at Moscone Center, and ABC7 is again a proud sponsor.Judd is one of the many dynamic women who are bringing their passion to the conference. Judd is appearing on a panel focusing on the Me Too and Times Up movements.Bay Area Congresswoman Jackie Speier appeared with ABC7's Cheryl Jennings and talked about the conference and how this Me Too discussion is timely and important.Speier and Judd later addressed those at the conference in a discussion about keeping the movement alive. "It's a milestone that we are crossing and we have to do it for our kids and our grandkids and all those women who come after us," said the congresswoman who said one of her greatest fears is that people will forget.Judd urged the women in the audience to set and maintain boundaries and when a problem arises, never go at it alone. "It takes guts to speak up but make sure you cultivate strong female alliances because they make the experience less lonely and more empowering," expressed Judd.This year's theme is "Stand Up, Lift Up." Speier founded the group in 1989. She recently appeared on ABC7's "Beyond the Headlines with Cheryl Jennings" and said this discussion is timely and important. "We are truly changing the culture at work for all time, so that our daughters and granddaughters are never going to have to deal with frankly what we had to deal with," Speier said.Later in the day, keynote speakers Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin brought laughs, love, and the importance of female friendships to the stage. They made audiences laugh and get inspired as well.Fonda and Tomlin currently star on the Netflix series, "Grace and Frankie" but have worked their whole lives to create more opportunities for women in the acting world. They also have been activists and currently crusade for all kinds of causes that touch their hearts.The key is to take the energy, lessons and connections out into the business world.Members of the ABC7 News team are leading panels designed to help women gain career confidence, media skills and more.But PBWC goes well beyond this one-day conference. Throughout the year, the organization works with its corporate partners to offer workshops, socials and mentorships - all designed to empower women in the workplace and in their lives.Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin speak on women in the entertainment industry and their long-lasting friendship:Journalist, activist, and former First Lady of California Maria Shriver speaks on the importance of caring for yourself first, and giving back to others:ABC7 News' Natasha Zouves and Reggie Aqui talk about telling and selling your story:Adama Iwu and Rep. Jackie Speier talk the #MeToo movement and harassment in the workplace:
FILE - In this Nov. 9, 2016, file photo, Conor McGregor gestures toward fans while working out at Madison Square Garden in New York. Boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr. said Wednesday, June 14, 2017, he will come out of retirement to face UFC star Conor McGregor in a boxing match on Aug. 26. Mayweather, who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of his pro fights, will face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never been in a scheduled 12-round fight at the MGM Grand arena. The fight will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez, File)
LAS VEGAS (AP) -- The real fun will come before the fight, and what a spectacle it should be. Put Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Conor McGregor on a stage together to promote their fight and anything can happen.
Put them together in a ring, though, and it's an absolute mismatch.
That's the first thing to consider when all the talk begins about what a devastating puncher McGregor is. The first thing to think about when it's suggested that Mayweather may have lost some of his skills after two years of traveling the world in his private jet.
If you thought you were snookered out of $100 when Mayweather fought a snoozer against Manny Pacquiao, you might keep a firm hand on your wallet. The greatest defensive fighter of his time against a guy who has never thrown a punch in a pro boxing match?
Let the yawning begin.
This could be 12 rounds of tedium on Aug. 26 in Las Vegas that makes Mayweather-Pacquiao look like Hagler-Hearns in comparison. It might be some kind of bizarre disqualification when McGregor finds out Mayweather doesn't stick his chin out to be hit the way some UFC fighters do or really does try to kick Mayweather when he's down.
What it won't be is any kind of legitimate fight, no matter how much rabid UFC fans want desperately to believe it will be.
That's no knock on McGregor, who is a ferocious puncher in the octagon with a personality to match his power. Indeed, he would likely be heavily favored over Mayweather had the two decided to do the fight under UFC rules.
One of the great trash talkers, too, who was just warming up on Wednesday when he told UFC chief Dana White what his intentions are.
''Conor told me this morning the McGregor clan has been taking over villages for 300 years,'' White said, ''and that Floyd's village is next.''
Good stuff, and there's lots more to come. McGregor can turn a phrase as well as he can throw a punch or a water bottle at an opponent.
If this was a reality show it would be a hit in the ratings. Just imagine the scene when McGregor rolls into Mayweather's new strip club in Las Vegas and mimics his propensity for throwing cash around.
But this is a boxing match, and Mayweather is a masterful boxer. He was throwing punches before he could walk, and if he had elected to stay in retirement he'd still be considered one of the top 10 fighters ever.
Two years out of the ring won't change that. Age won't be a factor, either, and Mayweather has never let himself get out of shape.
Oddsmakers in this gambling city understand that, setting the initial line at a whopping 11-1 in Mayweather's favor. It would be even higher than that, but UFC fans will be lining up with $20 bills in hand to bet their man as an underdog.
''Realistically if we were just putting up a number and didn't have to take bets on it, Floyd would be 100-1,'' said Nick Bogdanovich, oddsmaker for the William Hill chain.
Mayweather was out on a run in Los Angeles when the fight was announced, training intensely already like he always does. Someone else will have to watch over the strip club for a few months while he focuses on the task at hand.
There's huge money at stake, even for a fighter who made more than $200 million for beating Pacquiao. No one is making predictions, but it's likely the hybrid fight will at least end up in second place in pay-per-view sales behind the $400 million or so brought in by the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight.
Balance that against the chance McGregor may ruin his brand - and that of the UFC - by being embarrassed by Mayweather in the ring, and the money wins out.
Even White, who was initially skeptical about putting his star in a boxing match, seems ready now to push the idea that he could actually win.
''I've stopped doubting this kid a long time ago,'' White said. ''The reason he's such a superstar is this guy will fight anyone, anywhere, at any time.''
Give McGregor credit for doing that, but give him even more credit for what turned out to be a masterful plan to make the fight happen. It was two years ago that he first suggested he could beat Mayweather in a boxing ring, and he's trolled Mayweather ever since, jabbing at every opening until he finally got him to sign on the dotted line.
Sure, it's a freak show of sorts, bordering on something you see in WWE. But both fighters know their roles, and they will play them well.
So enjoy the ride, because it should be a wild one.
Just understand that the fun almost surely ends when the opening bell rings.
---
Tim Dahlberg is a national sports columnist for The Associated Press. Write to him at tdahlberg(at)ap.org or http:twitter.com//timdahlberg
ELMONT, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — Two proposals have been introduced as part of the revitalization of Belmont Park on Long Island.
As WCBS 880's Sophia Hall reported, the two plans are similar. One is from the New York Islanders and includes building a stadium along with retail space, a hotel, and an innovation center that residents would develop.
Read More: Long Island Residents Get First Look At Plans For Belmont Park
The second is from New York City Football Club, and calls for a stadium and retail space in addition to a community park.
Assemblywoman Michaelle Solages, who represents the area, said residents are not happy about either proposal.
Read More: New York Islanders, NYCFC Competing To Call Belmont Park Home
“We are very apprehensive about sports fans coming to our neighborhoods, park in our streets, and litter and do other activities that we don't want to have in front of our children,” she told WCBS 880. “We're looking for sustainable, high-tech industries and bring jobs — good paying jobs — not hot dogs and hamburgers.”
Residents are split over the proposed plans.
“I really feel that the arena project is a great opportunity for local residents to bring jobs and economic boost into the community, for the Islanders to have permanent home on Long Island where they belong,” one man said.
Residents listening to the plans Sunday had plenty of questions and concerns, but were frustrated when asked to write them down while moderators chose which questions would be asked and answered.
“We should have been given an opportunity not just to listen but to have a healthy conversation,” said one woman. “This is going to affect our homes.”
“The people who make it, the people who sat on the podium — they're all business people. Who's it going to help? It's going to help them, because they're in business. Everything else is a byproduct,” a man added. “It's not going to help the residents. We're not going to see much except a lot of congestion.”
While both proposals promise to bring hundreds of permanent jobs, some residents say they aren't the kind of opportunities the community needs.
“Real jobs and real wages – not minimum wage jobs, not retail jobs. Kids aren't looking to go to college to learn how to work in a restaurant. They're going to college to learn how to get STEM and healthcare jobs,” said another man.
No timeline has been given for the Empire State Development to make its decision. Meanwhile, the Islanders have until January to opt out of the Barclays Center. The team's owner says there's no Plan B beyond Belmont.
LAKELAND, Florida (AP) — Even for an accomplished veteran like Justin Verlander, the start of spring training can be special.
"I usually sleep pretty well. I woke up early today," the Detroit ace said Tuesday. "On one hand, you want to appreciate everything as much as you can. It's not such a whirlwind anymore — you kind of know what to expect. But in the same aspect, every day is pretty much the same thing I've done for 12 years, so it also starts going faster."
Verlander's Tigers were among 15 teams with their first scheduled workouts for pitchers and catchers Tuesday. As major leaguers took the field in Florida and Arizona, that familiar sound of balls popping into mitts served as a reminder that in baseball at least, winter is finally over.
While Verlander and the Tigers went through their routine at their newly renovated facility in Lakeland, the Boston Red Sox were about 115 miles to the south, holding their first workout of the post-Papi era. It's Boston's first season without David Ortiz since the Red Sox signed him in January 2003, but Big Papi's retirement may not be too big a blow to a team that added star left-hander Chris Sale.
Over in Arizona, the Cleveland Indians began preparing to defend their American League title. Cleveland won the AL Central comfortably last year and made it to the World Series before losing to the Chicago Cubs in seven games.
"This time of year, everyone is at glass half-full," Indians manager Terry Francona said. "We have good reason to be."
Hopes are always high at the start of spring training, but occasionally there's some injury news on the first day. Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said right-hander Chris Tillman had a platelet-rich plasma injection on his right shoulder and won't start the season until April 7 at the earliest.
The Kansas City Royals said left-hander Brian Flynn broke a rib and had three minor vertebrae fractures in a bizarre offseason injury. Flynn is expected to miss two months after falling through a barn roof at his Oklahoma residence.
The Royals and Miami Marlins begin this season with heavy hearts following the deaths of pitchers Yordano Ventura last month and Jose Fernandez in September, and Tigers owner Mike Ilitch died Friday at age 87.
"I got to know him as best as an owner and player can know each other," said Detroit catcher Alex Avila, whose father Al is the team's general manager. "He was always a very gracious and generous person — very nice to myself, my family. ... Very loyal. I know as a family, we always felt we had to kind of reciprocate that loyalty because he's a tremendous man. They're a great family."
The Arizona Diamondbacks have also found themselves dealing with some sobering news. Their bench coach, former Minnesota Twins manager Ron Gardenhire, has prostate cancer and is set to have surgery. He said doctors believe they caught the cancer early.
The Diamondbacks went 69-93 last year and are one of a few National League teams that started workouts Tuesday amid tepid expectations. The Phillies, Reds and Rockies also finished well out of the postseason picture in 2016, but that doesn't mean they can't set goals for themselves.
Philadelphia manager Pete Mackanin said he wants his team to play .500 baseball deeper into the season after the Phillies lost 91 games last year.
For the first time since 2009, the Giants are entering an odd-numbered season without a World Series title to defend. After winning it all in 2010, 2012 and 2014, San Francisco made the playoffs last year as a wild card but lost in the Division Series to the Cubs.
The Giants look like contenders again in 2017, and manager Bruce Bochy had plenty of reasons to be upbeat Tuesday when his pitchers and catchers took the field.
"It's a day you look forward to, getting a chance to see everybody and hear the sound of the bat, watch these guys work out again," Bochy said. "So it's a good day."
___
AP Baseball Writer Janie McCauley in Scottsdale, Arizona, contributed to this report.
___
Follow Noah Trister at www.Twitter.com/noahtrister
He may be an administration ally but Senator Juan Miguel Zubiri is standing firm against the death penalty as he had made a commitment to God that he would protect the sanctity of life.
When he won during the last elections, Zubiri said he also made another commitment to God: “I'm going to do it right this time and I'll vote using my conscience.”
“It's my personal conviction e. Ako, I'm an ally of the President. I consider myself an ally of the President but there are certain things that I vote with my conscience,” said the senator, who is part of the Senate majority bloc.
ADVERTISEMENT
Zubiri said he had already talked to Senate President Aquilino Pimentel III, president of PDP-Laban, and asked that they be allowed to vote on the death penalty bill according to their conscience.
He said he is open on other measures being pushed by the administration like the tax reforms, Charter Change, and the shift to federalism but not on the death penalty issue.
“Iba ito e. Buhay ng tao ang pinag-uusapan dito,” the senator pointed out.
The proposed restoration of the death penalty in the country has been approved in the House of Representatives but remains pending at the Senate committee on justice and human rights chaired by Senator Richard Gordon.
Gordon is also part of the majority bloc but is against the proposed measure.
Aside from Zubiri and Gordon, three other majority members — Senate President Pro Tempore Ralph Recto and Senators Francis Escudero and Nancy Binay — have expressed their position against the measure.
All six members of the Senate minority bloc have vowed to block the passage of the death penalty bill. The six are Minority Leader Franklin Drilon, Senators Francis Pangilinan, Bam Aquino, Leila de Lima, Risa Hontiveros and Antonio Trillanes IV./ac/rga
CLEVELAND (AP) — Corey Kluber pitched six shutout innings and reached eight victories before any AL pitcher as the Cleveland Indians rolled to their fifth straight win, 9-1 Wednesday over the sagging Chicago White Sox.
Spotted a nine-run cushion after four innings, Kluber (8-2) had little trouble with baseball's worst team.
The defending AL Cy Young Award winner allowed three hits, struck out 10 and improved to 4-0 with a 0.33 ERA in four starts against Central Division teams this season.
Melky Cabrera drove in three runs off Reynaldo Lopez (1-4) and Michael Brantley extended his MLB-high hitting streak to 19 games for Cleveland, which used the series to gain some confidence and momentum. The Indians have scored 43 runs during their win streak.
BREWERS 3, CARDINALS 2
MILWAUKEE (AP) — Alex Reyes pitched four scoreless innings for St. Louis in his return from Tommy John surgery, but Orlando Arcia hit a tiebreaking RBI single in Milwaukee's two-run seventh
Making his first major league appearance since Sept. 29, 2016, Reyes allowed three hits, struck out two and walked two.
With two out and runners on first and second, Arcia stopped a 0-for-15 slide with a base hit against Sam Tuivailala (1-1).
Jeremy Jeffress (5-0) got the win despite allowing two runs in the top of the seventh. Corey Knebel struck out Jose Martinez for his fifth save.
Christian Yelich homered for the Brewers, and Erik Kratz had two hits and scored a run.
Harrison Bader homered for St. Louis, and Dexter Fowler had three singles.
RED SOX 6, BLUE JAYS 4
BOSTON (AP) — J.D. Martinez hit a tiebreaking two-run homer over the Green Monster, and the Red Sox completed a three-game series sweep.
Martinez tied for the major league lead with his 18th homer, snapping a 2-2 tie in the sixth.
Eduardo Nunez hit a solo homer and an RBI double for Boston, which has won nine of 11 and has the best record in the major leagues at 39-17.
Teoscar Hernandez hit a two-run homer for the Blue Jays, who have lost 13 of 17. Sam Gaviglio (2-1) gave up four runs in six innings.
Eduardo Rodriguez (6-1) struck out seven in 6 2/3 innings for Boston, and Craig Kimbrel got three outs for his 18th save.
REDS 7, DIAMONDBACKS 4
PHOENIX (AP) — Adam Duvall's grand slam erased an early four-run deficit, and Cincinnati rallied for the victory.
Scott Schebler added a tiebreaking two-run drive in the sixth, helping the last-place Reds salvage the finale of the three-game set. Joey Votto and Eugenio Suarez each had three hits.
Both of Cincinnati's homers came off Patrick Corbin (5-2), who gave up a season-high six runs and eight hits in six innings.
Paul Goldschmidt and John Ryan Murphy went deep for the Diamondbacks, who have dropped 16 of 20 overall.
Sal Romano (3-6) pitched five innings in his first win since May 4, and Raisel Iglesias got four outs for his ninth save.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Unification is an idea that moves most Koreans, North and South, on an emotional level.
For some, especially young people in the South, it may not be a burning issue. Details like the costs, the risks and what specifically both sides stand to gain are rarely given much thought by anyone who isn't an academic, politician or activist.
But when North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and South Korean President Moon Jae-in meet on Friday, the prospect of unification, even if only in the abstract, will loom large around them.
Can Kim's nuclear-armed North and the K-pop capitalism of Moon's South ever merge into One Korea? Both leaders come to the table with distinct visions of what that would look like. And they are very different.
___
THE DEMOCRATIC FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF KORYO
After failing to take the South by force in the 1950s, North Korea's founder and "eternal president," Kim Il Sung, announced a plan for what he thought a unified Korea should look like back in 1980.
He called it the Democratic Federal Republic of Koryo. Koryo was an ancient Korean kingdom from which the word Korea is derived.
Kim's plan was for an arrangement something along the lines of what Hong Kong has with China, a unified nation with two separate systems of government.
Under his plan, the North and South would respect each other's ideology, social system and autonomy. Both sides would have an equal number of representatives in a supreme national assembly with equal rights and responsibilities. The assembly would also have representatives of Koreans overseas. It would have a standing committee that would administer state affairs.
Kim stressed the need for this new federation to remain neutral and independent, avoiding in particular military alliances with others.
Not surprisingly, that looks a lot like North Korea today, with its Supreme People's Assembly, and the party's Politburo and Central Committee overseeing day-to-day policies. Even the name smacks of the North, which is officially the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
An equal number of assembly seats would be a good deal for the North, which has half the South's population. The inclusion of Koreans overseas would boost that advantage even further since, for historical reasons, more often than not they have at least nominal allegiance to Pyongyang, not Seoul.
With so many devils lurking in the details, Kim's grand plan has never gotten much traction.
___
A KOREAN COMMONWEALTH AND BEYOND
South Korea's three-step proposal ends in a similarly predictable place: its own system writ large across the peninsula.
The first priority, according to South Korea's Unification Ministry, is to develop a sustainable relationship and resolve the issue of North Korea's development of nuclear weapons.
Seoul wants to substitute the unstable armistice that ended the fighting of the 1950-53 Korean War with a permanent peace treaty — a goal Pyongyang shares. This step could get a boost on Friday — it will almost certainly be taken up then and probably again at the summit between Kim and President Donald Trump in May or early June.
South Korea wants to then develop trust and cooperation to the point where a sort of national consensus has been achieved. After a transitional commonwealth period, the next step would be the formation of a single market on the Korean Peninsula "to create new growth engines and create an inter-Korean economic community of coexistence and co-prosperity."
"We will build a new economic order that will bring peace and prosperity to the Korean Peninsula and Northeast Asia," the ministry concludes.
The essentials of this plan were announced by President Roh Tae-woo in September 1989.
The succession of administrations that have taken office in the South since Roh have adhered fairly predictably to the principle of gradual, peaceful progress, while calibrating their willingness to engage with Pyongyang based on their assessment of its level of vulnerability or hostility.
In the long run, however, it makes no provision for a one-state, two-system future.
Ultimately, Seoul believes, the North Korean system has to go.
___
Talmadge is the AP's Pyongyang bureau chief. Follow him on Twitter and Instagram @EricTalmadge
Project by former students donates thousands of books to Union Elementary
MICHELLE T. BERNARD
Staff Writer
A tidal wave of books recently landed in a classroom at Union Elementary School. So many books came in that the overflow is going to other schools in Lincoln County. These books arrived at the school just in time for summer reading thanks to the effort of several former Union Elementary students. “Summer Tidal Wave” began in 2011 as a community service project for Mason and Chade McConnell and two of their friends, Chase Costner and Karson Leonhardt. To date, the project has given out more than $8,000 in books to children.
During the first year they visited area churches, attended rotary club meetings and spoke at other local events, asking for donations of new and gently used books. The next year, they received a grant of $850 from the UMC Youth Ministry for $850, which enabled them to buy new books for the children. Each year, the grants got progressively larger and this year, they received three grants totaling $3,000, which facilitated the purchase of thousands of books – more than the students at Union Elementary School could use. The extra books are going to Battleground Elementary, Kiser Intermediate and Asbury Academy.
Both Chade and Mason McConnell grew up reading and want to pass that love on to other students. Chade McConnell is a rising sophomore at West Lincoln High School, Mason McConnell is attending college at UNC-Chapel Hill. Chade McConnell hopes in future years to raise enough money to give books to all elementary students in the Lincoln County Schools system.
“You have all this knowledge that school teaches you and books are a way to grow that,” Chade McConnell said. “Plus, books can teleport you to another world. It's great to see the kids smiling and jumping up and down when they come in to get the books. It's crazy.”
In 2013, they began a summer program at Messiah United Methodist Church, which is located in the western end of Lincoln County, called “Feed, Read, Lead.” Once a week they invite area children to visit, give them breakfast, lead them in exercise and, for about 25 minutes, a youth or church member or teacher sits down and reads books to them.
“As a teacher, we're all aware that the summer slide is real and if kids don't have access to books over the summer you definitely can tell when they come back,” said Shelley McConnell, Chade and Mason's mother, who is a teacher at Union Elementary. “The whole thing was to encourage kids to read over the summer and to put books in their hands.”
Image courtesy of Michelle T. Bernard
A senior White House official declared on Tuesday night that the United States would no longer insist on a “two-state solution” to the Israeli-Palestinian Authority (PA) conflict.
The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the United States would not seek to dictate the terms of any eventual peace settlement, but would support what the two sides agree to together.
22:57 Reported News Briefs Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Rome Jewish community to boycott Liberation Day ceremonies Read more Jewish community to boycott ceremonies to mark Italy's liberation from the Nazis over inclusion of anti-Israel groups. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair?If so, we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as he is dealing w/some tough medical issues🙏🏻 — MelindaMorrisZanoni (@LegacyTalentCEO) August 14, 2017
Ric Flair with ABC11's Julie Wilson and Dearon Smith at Raleigh Supercon in July.
The media representative for wrestler Ric Flair says the WWE hall of famer is in the hospital.Melinda Morris Zanoni of Legacy Talent and Entertainment tweeted Monday that "we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as he is dealing w/some tough medical issues."It's not clear where Flair is hospitalized. He lives in Charlotte.
In Amsterdam, one society's trash is truly another's treasure. While excavating two parts of the Amstel riverbed to build a new subway line, city archeologists discovered a trove of 700,000 everyday objects people had discarded over the centuries, from stone axes to cellphones. Now, these pieces of "junk" have become intriguing clues to what life was like over the centuries.
The Amstel is a slow-streaming, natural river that dates back 3,000 years, and people have used it to dump waste over the centuries, Jerzy Gawronski, the Amsterdam archaeologist responsible for the project, told ABC News. The large number and huge variety of these every day "waste" objects make them a rich and rare source of urban history. Some of the objects archeologists found date back before the city was even built in the 1300s when the area was inhabited by small, temporary communities along the river.
These archeological finds were the result of a planned project called "Below the Surface," part of the 15-year process to construct a nearly 5-mile-long subway line under the Amstel riverbed. Archeologists sifted the mud and silt in the riverbed 12 meters (nearly 40 feet) below the top strata at two of the construction sites where new subway stations were eventually built.
Harold Strak
The oldest objects found during the digs were stone axes dating back to Neolithic times. Moving through the ages, as the settled urban community grew into a bustling city and a center for trade and shipping, the riverbed piled up with a vast variety of everyday objects like pots, coins, combs, thimbles, utensils, locks, keys, dolls, shells, nails, tobacco pipes, weapons, and games.
A piece of someone's dentures, cameras, cellphones and personal documents are among the more modern finds. Many of the objects, likely dropped from boats on the water, are intact, perfectly preserved over the years, while others like pots, bottles, and animal bones were often broken and scattered in pieces.
Gawronski said what makes the whole collection so intriguing and exciting is seeing everything together.
"Each object has its story," Gawronski said. "Together they tell a story, and that is the story of the city."
Harold Strak
When the Rokin subway station opens later this month, passengers will be able to see a selection of 10,000 of the objects excavated from that very site as they descend on the escalators. The new North/South rapid transit line and its eight stations will open to the public on July 22.
But people interested in the city's many pieces of history don't have to ride the subway to appreciate them.
The project's high-speed website features an interactive database where viewers all over the world can quickly move through superb photographs of about 30,000 of the objects as well as their corresponding data.
Anyone is free to roam and search the database to carry out their own research or just look. As an added, fun feature, the site even allows people to select and compose their very own mini archeological collection of random objects.
Launched less than a month ago, the site is already attracting an average of 40,000 to 60,000 visitors per day, with a social media reach of about 13 million so far as interest grows around the globe, according to its creators.
"Everyone is so enthusiastic because they all recognize the novelty; the way we have presented archeology as an open source, available for all," Gawronski said. "We are showing things in a democratic way without any national message. Everyone is able to see what kind of city Amsterdam was."
Along with the open online resource, the archeological project also includes a book-catalog called "Stuff," which contains 13,000 photos of categorized objects.
"Stuff" has already been distributed to all the city's schools to be used as a teaching tool, the project's creators say.
All in all, the "Below the Surface" project cost 6 million Euros.
DENVER (CBSNewYork/AP) — Josh McCown's broken left hand was covered with a white bandage. His feelings couldn't be so easily masked.
The leader of the New York Jets fought back tears when reflecting on the best season of his 15-year career and how it just might be over following a 23-0 loss to the Denver Broncos on Sunday.
“It's been the best because of the guys, not numbers, you know,” the 38-year-old McCown said. “It's been the best because of the group of men in the locker room. I'm just proud to be a part of it and I'm so thankful they let me be a part of this team.”
McCown took a hit from Shane Ray in the third quarter, rolled over the linebacker and either was bumped by a knee or a foot — he's not sure — but knew instantly it wasn't good. He headed toward the sideline before dropping to a knee. After a quick consultation with the trainers, he went straight to the locker room.
A blow for him in what's been a stellar season.
A blow for the Jets (5-8), whose slim playoff hopes took a major hit as they dropped another road game.
Bryce Petty figures to be in line to start next weekend in New Orleans. Provided, of course, McCown can't go. He's not ruling it out.
“We'll see what happens, but if I can finish, I'd love to finish,” said McCown, who has thrown for 2,926 yards and 18 TDs with nine interceptions this season. “We'll see what the tests (Monday) say.
“I'll do whatever I can to get ready to go.”
It was an abysmal day for a New York offense that managed only 100 yards and six first downs against Denver (4-9), which snapped an eight-game skid. The Jets were just 3 of 13 on third down.
“They had a good game plan,” coach Todd Bowles said. “They outcoached us. They outplayed us. They out-hit us and they beat us in every phase.”
McCown was banged up in the second quarter when he was scrambling for extra yards and took a hit from Aqib Talib, along with Jamal Carter. McCown got upholding his hip and Petty momentarily replaced him.
“That hurt pretty bad, but I was able to get it back loose where I felt good, felt like I could throw,” McCown explained. “I wanted to go back in there.”
On his first pass back, McCown tried to throw a deep ball to Robby Anderson, only to have it picked off by Darian Stewart.
That's just the way things went for the Jets and McCown, who also fumbled and was sacked four times as he finished with a QB rating of 25.
“The slow start hurt us and obviously turnovers hurt us,” McCown said. “It's hats off to them to continue to fight especially considering where they're at with their record and everything.”
At the beginning of the season, the Jets weren't given much of a chance and even more so with two straight losses out of the gate. But McCown helped keep them competitive. That wasn't lost on his teammates.
“You never want to see a guy go down like that, especially with how hard he's worked all year,” tight end Austin Seferian-Jenkins said. “I feel for him. It hurts us, but at the same time, we have guys who need to step up.”
Like Petty, who was 2 of 9 for 14 yards in place of McCown. Those could be some big cleats to fill.
“He played his butt off, he fought and fought and fought,” Petty said of McCown. “That is what you want in a leader, in a veteran guy. We get to see his grit day in and day out and his passion for it.”
McCown can't say one way or the other if he will play again this season. Not yet. He remains hopeful.
“Guys were fighting and when you can't be out there for your guys — that's the hardest thing,” McCown said. “It was just disappointing, and just hate that it went this way.”
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Organizers of the North American bid to host the 2026 World Cup insist FIFA members have not expressed concern about President Donald Trump's harsh words about foreigners or the U.S. Justice Department prosecuting corrupt soccer officials.
"Look, this is not geopolitics," new U.S. Soccer Federation President Carlos Cordeiro said Monday during a conference call. "We're talking about football and what fundamentally at the end of the day, what's the best interests of football and our footballing community, and we've had no backlash. We're very focused on the merits of our bid."
A joint bid by the United States, Mexico and Canada was submitted to FIFA on Friday along with a proposal by Morocco. The 207 other members of the international soccer governing body will vote on June 13 in Moscow.
Cordeiro, Mexican Football Federation President Decio de Maria and Canadian Soccer Association President Steven Reed spoke from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, where they were meeting with members of the Association of South East Asian Nations, a subset of the Asian Football Confederation.
A solo bid by the U.S. for the 2022 World Cup was favored going into the 2010 vote but lost to Qatar. FIFA then changed the vote rules to give the decision back to the entire membership, which chose hosts prior to 1986, when the choice started being made by the roughly two dozen members of its executive committee.
"We believe that the member associations are going to judge us on the quality of the bids, on the merits of our bid, and that's it," Reed said. "We're very confident about what we're putting forward, and I don't think that we're concerned about politics."
Sixty games would be played in the U.S. under the bid plan, including all from the quarterfinals on. Three cities were included from Mexico and Canada, and both of those nations would host 10 games.
Holding a tournament in the U.S. would subject many of the documents generated to subpoena by U.S. federal prosecutors, who have secured numerous guilty pleas to corruption charges from soccer officials since 2015 and obtained convictions at trial last year against Juan Angel Napout, the former president of South American soccer's governing body, and Jose Maria Marin, the former president of Brazil's soccer federation.
"We haven't had any of those concerns raised by any of the members that we've met so far," Cordeiro said. "The reforms that FIFA undertook some years ago I think were spot on and we feel very confident that ultimately the right decision will be made."
Morocco's bid envisions spending almost $16 billion, including $3 billion to construct nine new stadiums, refurbish five others and build or renovate 130 training grounds.
The North American bid proposed venues be selected from among 23 stadiums that exist or already are under construction, including three each in Mexico and Canada. Sixteen of the U.S. stadiums are sites of NFL teams.
"The split of matches that we have proposed to FIFA frankly reflects the resources of the three countries," Cordeiro said. "We in the United States are blessed with some very substantial resources in terms of stadium infrastructure, of cities and so on, and that reflects the 60 matches that we have on the table. But at the end of the day there is a reason why FIFA have asked for or have encouraged joint bids and we do think that our joint bids taken together provide for a vastly superior bid than our competition."
___
AP Sports Writer Rob Harris contributed to this report.
Vietnam's ruling Communist Party has fired the party boss of the central city of Danang, the site of next month's Asia Pacific summit, which U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to attend.
The government said in a statement Friday that the party's elite Central Committee dismissed Nguyen Xuan Anh as city party secretary and removed him from the Central Committee for serious violations of party rules and failing to set an example as a senior party official.
"The violations, mistakes of comrade Nguyen Xuan Anh are serious, negatively impacted the prestige of the party's organization and individuals, causing anger among the cadres, party members and the people," it said.
The party's inspection committee said last month that Anh had violated party rules and used a car and two houses belonging to private businesses, and disciplinary measures against him were needed. The committee also issued a warning to city Mayor Huynh Duc Tho for mismanagement.
At age 39, Anh was one of the two youngest people elected to the 180-member Central Committee at a party congress last year and was appointed party secretary of Danang, a dynamic city which is popular among tourists for its white sand beaches and is near the ancient town of Hoi An and Cham temple ruins.
Danang will host the 21-nation Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in the second week of November, which Trump, Russian President Vladimir Putin and Chinese President Xi Jinping are expected to attend.
Minister Mai Tien Dung, head of the Government Office, told state media earlier this week that the disciplinary measures against Danang's two top leaders would not affect the hosting of APEC, the country's most important international gathering this year.
In May, the party fired Dinh La Thang as party chief of the southern commercial hub of Ho Chi Minh City and removed him from the all-powerful Politburo for mismanagement during his time as chairman of the board of state energy giant PetroVietnam. Thang, however, retained his central committee membership and was appointed deputy head of the party's economic committee.
The party has stepped up its anti-corruption drive, jailing or arresting dozens of senior officials and executives.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
The State Prosecutor has for the first time asked the Supreme Court to block the demolition of buildings constructed on Palestinian land in Adei Ad in Binyamin, it was reported this morning (Wednesday) by the newspaper Yisrael Hayom.
In the State's position that was submitted yesterday to the Supreme Court, prosecutor's office officials wrote that "regarding the illegal structures located outside declared state land, the state will seek to note that given the enactment of the law regulating the settlements in Judea and Samaria, the state is required to examine the law's ramifications for the buildings."
According to the report, some structures in question were built on private land and some were partially constructed on state land.
Abetted by the radical Yesh Din organization, the petitioners claim that Adei Ad is partially built on private land in the Arab settlements Turmusayya, al-Mughayyir, Kreiot, and Jalud, requiring destruction of 11 structures in the community.
The state is now requesting that the court erase the petition regarding construction on state land, as it did with last week's petition to evacuate homes in Tapuach west. Unlike last week's decision, the prosecution seeks not to order evacuation of buildings erected on private land.
Yesh Din responded that "All of the illegitimate practices that Israel employs regarding illegal West Bank construction are concentrated in one message. The outpost Adei Ad was set up in an entirely illegal manner ... rather than the state enforcing the law and evacuating the outpost, it acts to declare more and more land as state land, which it designates exclusively for settlers, and also looks for every way not to return private land to its Palestinian owners."
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – NASCAR may be predominantly white, predominantly male and most popular in southern states.
But the sport is becoming more diverse, thanks to a woman from the Bronx and her two sons.
They're the focus of this week's Snapshot New York with Steve Overmyer.
Dover International Speedway in Delaware is known as the “monster mile.” Its treacherous turns attract the best teams in the sport.
One team stands out.
“I don't look like everybody else, and we have some proving to do, but we're just as good,” said Melissa Harville-Lebron, owner of E2 Northeast Motorsports. They're a developmental team in the camping world truck series: Breaking barriers, and making history.
“You're the first woman of color to solely own a NASCAR team,” said Overmyer.
“Yep. All from the inspiration of my babies,” she said.
Her babies are Eric and Enico, age 23 and 22. One is in the military and the other runs a construction company. And babies usually aren't adrenaline junkies.
“They jump out of planes, they bungee jump, they cliff dive. Everything that could possibly kill them and worry their poor mother to death, they want to do. So this is par for the course,” she said.
“What she doesn't like is fun to us. You know mothers: Overly protective,” said Enico Lebron. He's a driver on the team.
Melissa has built a reputation on fairness, something she learned during her 19-year career in the Department of Corrections.
“I actually enjoyed my time there. I knew I made a difference in my unit,” she said. “I ran a mental observation unit in Rikers Island.”
“Do you think the patience you learned at Rikers Island helped you here?” Overmyer asked.
“Absolutely,” she said, laughing. “It gave me thick skin. And when you're creating change, and going against the norm, you definitely need to have thick skin.”
Melissa's not afraid of breaking new ground, like when she created her own music label with a new idea: Split the profits with the artist 50/50. The business model built on fairness was successful enough to give her the financial freedom to feed her son's ambition – racing.
“I thought that bringing them to a NASCAR experience would discourage them. I want them to be in a safe profession. Be it a doctor or lawyer,” she said. “I was pushing Eric to become a dentist he's like ‘Ma, that's not my thing.'”
“We don't come from this background of racing like some of the other drivers here,” Eric said. “She just had a dream one day and me and my brother just followed suit.”
Their first time in a car, they impressed officials by clocking speeds of 150 miles an hour. So to help them live their dream, this mother got hooked, and self-financed a team.
“I love this sport. I'm a fan through and through. from the very first time I came to the track,” she said.
“I love the noise, the rush, the competition, the environment, the people.” Enico said. “It just makes my heart beat faster and faster.”
“You can feel it in your chest,” Overmyer said.
“The smell of the petrol is amazing,” said Eric. “I'm infatuated with this sport.”
“Is it intoxicating?” Overmyer asked.
“One hundred percent!” she said. “If you've never been, you have to come! It is a physical experience! Especially when the draft goes by. Oh my god! And that rumble you feel it in your gut… you're like ooooh! and you're waiting for the next one. Come faster!”
That rush from watching her truck racing on this day was put on hold.
“You were unable to land sponsorship?” asked Overmyer.
“Yeah,” she said. “We were right there. We wish we would've had another day or two to bring it together.”
They may be new to this world, but this is their chance to bring racing to a new audience.
“When you see someone like yourself doing something out of the norm it inspires others,” she said.
“Can you change the perception of this sport in New York City?” Overmyer asked.
“I definitely think we can and we will. It starts with the younger demographics because that's the next superstars,” she said. “And if we can inspire others to step out of the norm, I think it would be awesome for the sport to see a lot of diversity.”
“They believe in hard work and they know that it does pay off and the impossible is possible. You just gotta keep digging and you will get there,” she added.
“The paths aren't the ones that have been blazed in front of you,” Overmyer said. “You've got to create them.”
“And nobody's going to do it for you,” she said.
“This isn't a story about racing. It's about a mother's love for her sons,” Overmyer said.
“That's right. you're gonna make me cry,” she said. “It's so difficult being a single mom and coming from the background I came from. We came from nothing… I'm not supposed to be here. And I had to push against the odds to show people we belong. We may have to work a little harder, but we're gonna make our mark here.”
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [...]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [...]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous [...]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, [...]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for [...]
LANSING, Mich. (AP) — Sports doctor Larry Nassar's return to court to face another prison sentence for molesting gymnasts could unfold much the same as a hearing last week in another Michigan county.
Judge Janice Cunningham has set aside several days for roughly 60 people who want to confront Nassar or have their statement read in court. This time Nassar is to be confronted by gymnasts from an elite Michigan club run by an Olympic coach.
Last week Nassar was sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison.
The hearing starting Wednesday in Eaton County centers on his assaults at Twistars, a Lansing-area gymnastics club that was run by 2012 Olympic coach John Geddert. Nassar admits penetrating three girls with his hands when he was supposed to be treating them for injuries.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
___
Top Fed official tells AP: Bond portfolio could shrink soon
NEW YORK (AP) — A top Federal Reserve official is suggesting that the Fed will likely announce next month that it will begin paring its bond portfolio — a step that could lead to slightly higher rates on mortgages and other long-term loans. In an interview with The Associated Press, William Dudley, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, said he thinks the Fed has adequately prepared investors for a reduction in the portfolio, which swelled after the 2008 financial crisis as the Fed bought bonds to reduce long-term rates. With the economy now much healthier, the Fed is ready to begin trimming its bond holdings.
———
Lots of questions still hang over Trump's tax plan
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump wants to close a frustrating 2017 with the first overhaul of the tax code in more than three decades. Yet after seven months of work, Trump's plan remains little more than a rough sketch. Despite the haziness of the blueprint, administration officials have held to their pledges that lowering tax rates would spur the creation of millions of jobs and faster economic growth.
———
Trump seeks probe by his trade office of China's practices
BEDMINSTER, N.J. (AP) — President Donald Trump has asked his trade office to consider investigating China for the alleged theft of American technology and intellectual property. Trump returned to Washington during his vacation in New Jersey to sign an executive action on the probe. In remarks at the White House, he suggested that more steps would be taken against China on trade issues.
———
US stocks jump as tensions with North Korea appear to ease
NEW YORK (AP) — Technology companies, banks, and other stocks climb as investors relax somewhat after days of international tensions pulled the stock market lower last week. Equipment rental company Neff says it received a buyout offer worth $596 million and drilling technology company Tesco says it will be acquired by competitor Nabors.
———
Trump attacks exec for quitting council over Charlottesville
TRENTON, N.J. (AP) — President Donald Trump lashes out on Twitter at the CEO of the nation's third-largest pharmaceutical company after he resigned from a federal advisory council. Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier, one of the few African Americans heading a Fortune 500 company, cited Trump's failure to explicitly rebuke the white nationalists who marched in Charlottesville, Virginia.
———
Netflix wins 'Scandal' creator Rhimes in blow to Disney, ABC
NEW YORK (AP) — In a blow to Disney's ABC, Shonda Rhimes has signed a deal to make new shows for Netflix. Rhimes' is the creator of popular television series such as "Scandal" and "Grey's Anatomy." She says she's looking forward to expanding her audience and "creative identity" with Netflix as the streaming service faces ever-growing competition for viewers from Hollywood, Silicon Valley and beyond.
———
Target moves to shore up grocery, improve delivery service
NEW YORK (AP) — Target has announced moves to address two key areas: its grocery department and faster delivery. To boost its grocery business, the company said it hired executives from rival Walmart and Cheerios maker General Mills. Target is also buying delivery logistics company Grand Junction to help it offer same-day delivery service to in-store shoppers.
———
Social media harnessed to expose white nationalists at rally
NEW YORK (AP) — People are using trying to harness the power of social media to identify and shame the white nationalists who attended last weekend's violent rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. At least one person has lost a job as a result. While online shaming is nothing new, experts disagree over just how effective it is.
————
One-fifth of Americans find workplace hostile or threatening
WASHINGTON (AP) — The American workplace is grueling, stressful and surprisingly hostile. So finds an in-depth study of 3,066 U.S. workers by the Rand Corp., Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles. Nearly one in five workers — a share the study calls "disturbingly high" — say they face a hostile or threatening environment at work, which can include sexual harassment and bullying. Workers who have to face customers endure a disproportionate share of abuse.
———
New life for Medicaid after GOP's health care debacle
WASHINGTON (AP) — It doesn't equal Social Security and Medicare as a "third rail" program that politicians touch at their own risk, but Medicaid has gotten new life after the Republican failure to pass health overhaul legislation. The 1960s Great Society creation has long been criticized by conservatives. GOP bills would have rolled back former President Barack Obama's Medicaid expansion and imposed new overall spending limits. That combination translated to such deep cuts that it drove a wedge among Republicans.
———
The S&P 500 jumped 24.52 points, or 1 percent, to 2,465.84. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 135.39 points, or 0.6 percent, to 21,993.71. The Nasdaq composite added 83.68 points, or 1.3 percent, to 6,340.23. The Russell 2000 index of smaller companies climbed 20.08 points, or 1.5 percent, to 1,394.31.
U.S. crude oil lost $1.23, or 2.5 percent, to $47.59 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, shed $1.37, or 2.6 percent, to $50.73 a barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline lost 4 cents to $1.58 a gallon. Heating oil fell 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Natural gas slid 2 cents to $2.96 per 1,000 cubic feet.
Formula One driver Fernando Alonso will further widen his repertoire by competing in this year's 24 Hours Le Mans endurance race.
The two-time F1 champion has been given permission by McLaren to drive for Toyota at Le Mans on June 16-17. The deal means he can take part is as many World Endurance Championship rounds as possible, but must also compete in each F1 race this year.
"I have the chance thanks to McLaren to race for the win at Le Mans," the 36-year-old Alonso said. "It is a big challenge — much can go wrong — but I am ready, prepared and looking forward to the fight."
After three years of struggles with Honda engines, McLaren has high hopes for the upcoming F1 season after switching to Renault. The move also did much to convince Alonso, who won his F1 titles with Renault in 2005 and 2006, to stay in F1 with McLaren.
"In no way will this challenge take away from my main target of Formula One with McLaren. My aim is to be competitive at every grand prix, and I feel sure that we are closer to achieving that," said Alonso, who has 32 F1 wins among 97 podium finishes. "My deal to race in WEC was only made possible through the good understanding and strong relationship I have with McLaren."
McLaren executive director Zak Brown gave Alonso his backing.
"A motivated, hungry and happy world-class driver such as Fernando is a formidable asset," Brown said.
The revamped 2018-19 WEC season, which lasts 14 months, starts in Spa-Francorchamps in May. The 24 Hours Le Mans falls between the Canadian GP on June 10 and the French GP on June 24.
It was not immediately clear which other WEC races Alonso plans to take part in, but his F1 schedule would seemingly allow him to race in Spa on May 5 — one week prior to the Spanish GP — and at Silverstone on Aug. 19 — one week prior to the Belgian GP, also in Spa.
The 6 Hours of Fuji race on Oct. 21 clashes with the U.S. GP, ruling Alonso out. However, he could make the 6 Hours of Shanghai on Nov. 18 — one week before the season-ending Abu Dhabi GP.
After racing in the Indianapolis 500 last May — when he skipped the Monaco GP the same day — Alonso made another venture into American auto racing at the 24 Hours at Daytona last weekend.
He finished a modest 13th in his class and 38th overall. But at last year's Indy 500, he led for 27 laps before engine failure retired his car.
"I've never been shy about my aim of winning motorsport's Triple Crown: the Monaco Grand Prix, the Indy 500, and the 24 Hours of Le Mans," Alonso said. "We tried for Indy last year, came close, but just missed out."
His Toyota teammates at Le Mans will be former F1 drivers Sebastien Buemi of Switzerland and Kazuki Nakajima of Japan.
The Industrial Internet of Things, or IIoT, connects machines and devices in industries such as transportation, power generation, and healthcare. The potential is high and so are the risks.
Everyone's heard of the IoT – smart thermostats, Internet-connected refrigerators, connected lightbulbs – but there's a subset called industrial IoT that has a much more significant day-to-day impact on businesses, safety and even lives.
The term IIoT refers to the Industrial Internet of Things. In broad strokes, it's the application of instrumentation and connected sensors and other devices to machinery and vehicles in the transport, energy and industrial sectors.
What that means in practice varies widely. One IIoT system could be as simple as a connected rat trap that texts home to say that it's been activated, while another might be as complicated as a fully automated mass production line that tracks maintenance, productivity and even ordering and shipping information across a huge, multi-layered network.
How the industrial internet of things is different from IoT
The industrial internet of things is also referred to as the industrial internet, a term coined by GE, and Internet of Industrial Things. Whatever you call it, the IIoT is different from other IoT applications in that it focuses on connecting machines and devices in industries such as oil and gas, power utilities and healthcare.
IoT includes consumer-level devices such as fitness bands or smart appliances and other applications that don't typically create emergency situations if something goes wrong.
Simply stated, there is more at stake with IIoT deployments where system failures and downtime can result in life-threatening or high-risk situations.
The IIoT brings computers from IT to operational technology, opening up vast possibilities for instrumentation, leading to major efficiency and productivity gains for almost any industrial operation.
Is IIoT its own category?
Technologically, IIoT works on similar principals to any other piece of IoT tech – automated instrumentation and reporting being applied to stuff that didn't have those capabilities before. That said, the scale of it is much different than a simple system that lets you mess with your thermostat on your phone – hundreds, perhaps thousands or even tens and hundreds of thousands of individual endpoints can be present in an IIoT deployment.
What are businesses doing with the industrial IoT?
Instrumentation for production lines can let companies track and analyze their processes on an enormously granular level, asset tracking can give a quick, accessible overview of a huge amount of material, and predictive maintenance can save companies big money by addressing problems before they have a chance to become serious – the number of potential use cases is vast, and growing by the day.
The Industrial IoT Consortium lists these 15 possible uses of IIoT:
Smart factory warehousing applications Predictive and remote maintenance. Freight, goods and transportation monitoring. Connected logistics. Smart metering and smart grid. Smart city applications. Smart farming and livestock monitoring. Industrial security systems Energy consumption optimization Industrial heating, ventilation and air conditioning Manufacturing equipment monitoring. Asset tracking and smart logistics. Ozone, gas and temperature monitoring in industrial environments. Safety and health (conditions) monitoring of workers. Asset performance management
Do you need to implement IIoT differently?
Yes, because IIoT devices can have much longer service lives than consumer gadgetry – Canonical executive vice president of IoT and devices Mike Bell estimates the average at seven to 10 years – so any implementation has to be built to last.
Even beyond the raw scale and longevity involved, the implementation process can be convoluted – the kind of back end necessary to make the most of the data gleaned from instrumentation is a considerable undertaking in and of itself, and has to be undertaken in close coordination with the rest of the enterprise. It requires a dedicated strategy for collecting data from endpoints, storing it in an accessible format – whether in a data center or in the cloud – feeding it to the analysis engine, and having a way to turn insights from that analysis into actionable and timely information.
How does machine-to-machine communication let the IIot talk to everything?
There's a wide range of different formats and technologies that address different parts of the need for machine-to-machine communication among connected devices. Physical layer technology like Sigfox and Zigbee, software layers like Weave and IoTivity - all of it is necessary for a fully functioning IIoT environment, and it all has to be interoperable.
What about IIoTsecurity and other concerns?
Just like consumer IoT, IIoT has a lot of security issues. Recall the Mirai botnet, which leveraged poorly secured security cameras and other gadgets into a huge DDoS weapon.
Beyond the possible use of compromised IIoT devices to create massive botnets, there's also the issue that vulnerabilities can be exploited to allow theft of valuable data already on your network – yet another attack vector.
One thing that might help keep IIoT secure, according to Bell, would be to borrow the increasingly common practice of automatic, silent downloading and patching from the consumer side of IoT. Some companies won't like this, preferring to have absolute control over the software running on their machines, but it could be a big help from a security perspective.
Other factors that IT leaders are concerned about include the following:
Lack of standardization . As an attempt to graft newer technology onto old, there's a huge range of different designs and standards for everything from transmission protocols to ingestion formats. Simply put, if the gizmo that sends operational information about the temperature of a blast furnace isn't made by the same company that makes the network or the data ingestion engine, they might not work together.
. As an attempt to graft newer technology onto old, there's a huge range of different designs and standards for everything from transmission protocols to ingestion formats. Simply put, if the gizmo that sends operational information about the temperature of a blast furnace isn't made by the same company that makes the network or the data ingestion engine, they might not work together. Integration with legacy technology . Lots of older equipment isn't designed to provide data in a format that's legible for modern IIoT tech, so getting a decades-old power station controller to talk to a sophisticated new IIoT infrastructure could require some translation.
. Lots of older equipment isn't designed to provide data in a format that's legible for modern IIoT tech, so getting a decades-old power station controller to talk to a sophisticated new IIoT infrastructure could require some translation. Money . As both of the above points highlight, fully embracing IIoT requires new hardware, new software and a new way of thinking about technology. The idea is to make money, but plenty of people are understandably worried by the up-front costs.
. As both of the above points highlight, fully embracing IIoT requires new hardware, new software and a new way of thinking about technology. The idea is to make money, but plenty of people are understandably worried by the up-front costs. People. Getting the most out of IIoT often requires expertise in machine learning, real-time analytics, and data science - to say nothing of cutting-edge knowledge of networking technology.
Screengrab via Starz.
Season 3 of Outlander premieres in September, and though we were promised more sex than in disappointing Season 2, how is that possible when our two protagonists aren't even in the same century?
Advertisement
In 40 seconds, the teaser reminds us that Claire and Jamie were cruelly ripped apart by the power of the time traveling stone in the final episode of Season 2, and that they have an adult daughter graduating from college somewhere in time when women are allowed to go to school. Judging by Claire's hairstyle, the swinging sixties are in full effect, though she is definitely not swinging. Claire still mourns her lost love—but he's waiting.
Back in Scotland, a coiffed Jamie intones, “I have lied, killed, and broken trust. But when I stand before God I'll have one thing to say to weigh against all the rest. Lord you gave me a rare woman. God, I loved her well.”
Advertisement
Vowing to find her, Jamie shouts Claire's name with one nipple exposed, which is exactly the titillating show of love we've come to expect from this show. May they be explosively reunited by the end of the first episode.
The month of July has barely begun, but it's already been a hectic one for the Los Angeles Lakers. The Purple and Gold's successful courtship of LeBron James in NBA free agency changes everything for the league's marquee franchise, from team-wide expectations to roles for the likes of Lonzo Ball.
Eric Pincus and Josh Martin considered the many ripple effects of LeBron's arrival on basketball in L.A. during the latest edition of “Hollywood Hoops.”
The co-hosts also consider the Lakers' other free-agent signings—from Rajon Rondo and Kentavious Caldwell-Pope to Lance Stephenson and JaVale McGee—and how the team is positioned to make moves going forward.
The KDNK Community Calendar is underwritten by the Mount Sopris Rotary Club, meeting every Thursday at noon at Mi Casita in Carbondale. Click here for more information. Rotary: Service above self. Click the headline to read calendar events.
Manchester-by-the Sea screens at 7:30 at the Crystal Theatre.
From 7 - 8:30 tonight at the Third Street Center, Dr Greg Feinsinger shares up-to-date information about the plant-based, whole foods lifestyle and how it can prevent and reverse heart disease, diabetes, stroke, and more. The event is free.
Garfield County Libraries are open today. You can find new hours for all branches at gcpld dot org.
The Garfield County Commissioners will hold their regular meeting at 8 AM tomorrow at 108 8th Street in Glenwood.
All city and county government offices are closed today for the New Year's holiday. They will reopen tomorrow at regular hours.
Looking ahead…
The Carbondale Lion's Club meets the first Tuesday of the month at the Gathering Center at the Orchard on Snowmass Road in Carbondale at 6:30 PM.
The Aspen Center for Physics presents The Mathematics of Paper with Randall Kamien at 5:30 Wednesday., January 4th. Click here for more info.
ACES' annual Naturalist Nights in Carbondale begin Wednesday January 4th with Mimicking Nature: Engineering for the Environment at the Third Street Center at 5:30.
Model auditions for this year's Green is the New Black fashion show are from 5 - 7 PM Sunday January 8th at the Launchpad. All models must be over 18.
Refuting common harmful myths about trans and gender-nonconforming people. Donate to order this gift now!
A critical analysis of Trumpism in the context of longer-term trends. Donate to order this gift now!
NEW YORK (AP) — DMX has been sent to prison by a judge who says the rapper repeatedly lied to him when he promised to obey bail conditions.
Judge Jed Rakoff (RAY'-kahf) sent the rapper also known as Earl Simmons to prison Tuesday to await his March sentencing on a tax evasion charge.
Rakoff called DMX a genuine flight risk.
Defense lawyer Murray Richman says Simmons took drugs to cope with the hospitalization of his year-old daughter for several days this month. She had a 104-degree fever.
Richman says Simmons left a drug rehabilitation center in the Northeast to see his daughter in New York City.
The judge says Simmons tested positive last week for cocaine, opiates and Oxycodone.
Prosecutors had requested he is jailed. He was led from court in handcuffs.
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — A federal judge in Florida has reversed his own order and will keep a self-professed neo-Nazi accused of collecting bomb-making materials in jail during legal proceedings.
U.S. Magistrate Judge Thomas McCoun III on Wednesday vacated his previous order that set terms of release for 21-year-old Brandon Russell.
Russell was arrested last month after authorities investigating the murder of two of his roommates by a third roommate found explosives and other materials consistent with bomb-making in his Tampa apartment.
McCoun said the government proved Russell would pose a danger after presenting evidence, including two rifles and hundreds of rounds of ammunition found in Russell's car during his arrest.
Russell's roommate, Devon Arthurs, faces two murder charges for slaying two other roommates. Arthurs told investigators Russell was planning a bombing.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Netflix is on the verge of surpassing 100 million global subscribers, a testament to how much the video streaming service has changed the entertainment landscape since its debut a decade ago.
The company will reach that milestone this weekend if its projections are correct. Netflix made the prediction Monday with the release of its first-quarter earnings.
The service added nearly 5 million subscribers during the first three months of the year, and will end March with 98.7 million customers in roughly 190 countries.
THANK THE SMARTPHONE
Over the past decade, “what really did it for Netflix was the explosion of phones and tablets that allowed people to watch video everywhere,” said Wedbush Securities analyst Michael Pachter. “But Netflix clearly had a vision before those devices became so ubiquitous.”
About 51 million of Netflix's subscribers are in the U.S. By the end of this year, Piper Jaffray analyst Michael Olson expects the majority of the company's subscribers to be overseas. Netflix ended March with nearly 48 million subscribers outside the U.S.
Netflix CEO Reed Hastings expects the next 100 million subscribers to come more quickly than the first 100 million, but he didn't provide a specific timetable during online video review of the company's first quarter.
“Everybody watches TV and nearly everybody has the internet, so I don't see anything that's going to stop Netflix from getting to most people in the United States and then eventually hopefully most people around the world,” Hastings said.
Progress toward that ambitious goal has helped drive the company's stock price progressively higher over the past five years. In that time, Netflix has added 72 million more subscribers.
The Los Gatos, California company currently has a market value of about $63 billion. Its stock rose $1.90 to $149.15 in Monday's extended trading, even though subscriber growth during the first quarter came in slightly below management forecasts.
STILL CHASING HBO
For all its success, Netflix still has a ways to go before it catches up with HBO, the popular pay-TV channel that has served as its role model. HBO has 134 million subscribers worldwide, including viewers paying for an internet-only version of the channel that was inspired by Netflix's success.
Other cable channels also are offering internet-only options as more viewers, especially younger people, eschew traditional TV packages and subscribe to streaming services instead.
The trend has confronted Netflix with more competition in the battle for household entertainment budgets. Netflix so far has answered the challenge by spending heavily on original shows such as “Stranger Things” and “House of Cards” and selling its service at a relatively low price. Netflix's subscriptions range from $8 to $12 per month, with the most popular option at $10.
“The model works from a consumer perspective because it is such a good value,” Pachter said.
In a measure of how much Netflix subscribers like the service, Hastings said Monday that they collectively stream more than 1 billion hours of programming per week.
By comparison, Google says about 1 billion hours of video per day are watched on its mostly free YouTube service. “We have YouTube envy,” Hastings joked.
WILL NETFLIX RAISE PRICES?
Pachter and other analysts wonder how long Netflix will be able to hold the line on price as its programming costs rise in tandem with its appeal to a more diverse international audience. Movie and TV studios typically also demand more money as more people subscribe to channels to in an effort to make as much as possible off their content.
As it is, Netflix expects to spend about $6 billion on programming this year.
Netflix hasn't given any inkling it will raise prices again. It lost some long-time U.S. subscribers after their rates went up by as much as $2 per month last year. Netflix had previously frozen prices for millions of subscribers at 2014 levels.
But if it wants to keep investors happy, the company will eventually have to improve its relatively low profit margin. The Los Gatos, California, company earned $178 million on revenue of $2.6 billion in the first quarter. Analysts predict Netflix will make $482 million on revenue of more than $11 billion for the entire year.
Real Users never know what they want, but they always know when your program doesn't deliver it.
{"id":49202374,"title":"The Note: Trump facing criticism from 'many sides' for Charlottesville remarks","duration":"0:30","description":"President Trump did not explicitly condemn white supremacy groups after the deadly protests in Charlottesville, Va., and he returns to D.C. briefly before heading to New York City.","url":"/Politics/video/note-trump-facing-criticism-sides-charlottesville-remarks-49202374","section":"Politics","mediaType":"default"}
CAIRO (AP) — Egypt's president has again accused unknown parties of being behind the 2016 murder of an Italian researcher, alleging a plot to sabotage bilateral relations during a ceremony marking the start of a massive gas project with Italian energy firm Eni.
President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi spoke during the Wednesday ceremony in Port Said to inaugurate the offshore Zohr field, touted as the largest ever in the Mediterranean.
Thanking Eni CEO Claudio Descalzi directly, el-Sissi said: "Do you now know why they wanted to undermine relations between Egypt and Italy? So we don't get to be here." He pledged Egypt would help bring the killers of the 28-year-old researcher to justice.
Rome prosecutor Giuseppe Pignatone wrote in a recent letter that Egyptian secret services had a role in Regeni's abduction, torture and killing.
NEW YORK (AP) — Melania, or more specifically Melania's hat, what were you saying?
The media and the Twitterverse had a big time Tuesday with the first lady's I-spy chapeau, a wide-brim number designed by Herve Pierre that would have been perfect had the sun been out in Washington.
It was a grand topper for Mrs. Trump's bright white Michael Kors suit and some said it stole the show during the South Lawn military pageantry welcoming French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife, Brigitte, during their first official state visit.
Others on the social media sidelines were merely perplexed.
Was the hat more Joan Collins' Alexis Carrington Colby on "Dynasty" or Kerry Washington's Olivia Pope on "Scandal?" Was the grim-faced first lady in theoretical need of help as some asked on Inauguration Day?
Mrs. Trump kept her hat in place as the group moved indoors and also at the National Gallery of Art for a Cezanne break with Mrs. Macron, who wore a creamier shade of white, but no hat.
"Melania's hat for president," one tweeter declared. Others shared the sentiment.
Another chimed in: "Getting some serious Beyonce Formation vibes from Melania's hat this morning." Bey wore a version in black in the video for that hit.
Others on social media stuck to matters of etiquette, like the Twitter account of I'm Every Woman: "Melania's hat might be OK for the races, a runway or even Church, not to wear when greeting visitors when you want to express a warm welcome. You want people to see your eyes and face and not impose an obstacle to the two cheek kiss, a French greeting."
One thing was certain. Mrs. Trump was seriously committed to her hat.
A British judge is set to hear a new appeal Tuesday from the parents of a terminally ill British toddler who want to take him to Italy for treatment — something British courts have ruled is not in the child's interest.
The Christian Legal Centre, which is supporting the parents of 23-month-old Alfie Evans, said lawyers would repeat a request to judge Anthony Hayden to allow the boy to be cared for at the Vatican's hospital in Rome.
Alfie is in a "semi-vegetative state" as a result of a degenerative neurological condition doctors have been unable to identify. Doctors treating him at Britain's Alder Hey Children's Hospital say further treatment is futile.
But his parents have refused to accept the decision and fought to prevent Alfie's life support being switched off.
He was taken off life support Monday after a series of court rulings backed doctors.
Alfie's father Tom Evans said earlier Tuesday that Alfie survived for six hours with no assistance, and that doctors had subsequently resumed providing oxygen and hydration.
"He's now on oxygen," Evans said. "It's not changing his breathing but it's oxygenating his body."
Evans, 21, and Alfie's mother Kate James, 20, want to take Alfie to the Vatican's Bambino Gesu Pediatric Hospital. Doctors at Liverpool's Alder Hey Hospital believe that would not be in the toddler's best interests, and British courts have agreed.
The case has drawn the attention of Pope Francis, who during a Sunday blessing in St. Peter's Square this month offered prayers for Alfie and others who are suffering from serious infirmities. Francis has made appeals for the boy to be kept alive, saying only God can decide who dies.
The head of the Vatican's Bambino Gesu Pediatric Hospital said the Italian defense ministry had a plane ready to transport Alfie to Italy if he were allowed. In an interview with Italian Radio 24, Mariella Enoc, who travelled to Liverpool to personally try to intervene on behalf of the parents, said she spoke to the Italian ambassador in London who said the plane could leave with him in a matter of minutes.
On Monday, the Italian foreign ministry announced it had granted Alfie Italian citizenship to facilitate his arrival and transport.
The hospital said it would not be offering a running commentary on the child's condition.
"This is our normal and agreed practice with all our patients," the hospital said in a statement.
———
Associated Press Writer Nicole Winfield contributed to this story from Rome.
————
Corrects that first name of father is Tom not James.
ERIN, Wis. (AP) — Dustin Johnson has been in complete control of his golf game during his rise to No. 1.
But at home?
Paulina Gretzky calls the shots, especially when it comes to naming their children.
Johnson revealed Monday that their second child, another boy, was named River Jones Johnson. Asked where the name River came from, he said, "Mama."
The middle name was easy to explain. Jones is the maiden name of Gretzky's mother (Janet Jones), and the last name of Johnson's late grandmother (Carole Jones), his biggest influence during his teenage years.
But back to River. What was Paulina thinking?
"I can't think how she thinks, that's for sure," Johnson said. "I don't know where she got it. I tried to ask. She said, 'I don't know, I just like the name.'"
They plan on calling him Riv, which is how several people refer to Riviera. That's where Johnson won big this year at the Genesis Open to reach No. 1 in the world and start his three-tournament winning streak.
So maybe there's something to that.
"That was how she got started was from Riviera," Johnson said. "But I didn't come up with that on my own."
___
WHAT WILL PHIL DO NEXT?: Bad news for Phil Mickelson without even being at Erin Hills: The forecast calls for a reasonable chance of storms for all but one day this week — Thursday, when he'll be in California for his daughter's high school graduation.
Mickelson has yet to withdraw, saying he will need a four-hour delay in the first round of the U.S. Open to have any chance of flying to Wisconsin (more than three hours in the air) and getting to the first tee.
He is to play at 2:20 p.m. in Wisconsin. Graduation is noon (Wisconsin time).
At least his caddie, Jim "Bones" Mackay, made it to Erin Hills to scout the course on the rare chance of Mickelson making it to the U.S. Open. Mackay thinks Erin Hills is perfect for Mickelson, mainly because of wide fairways and the need for a great short game.
"He wants it, obviously, as badly as he wants anything else," Mackay told Fox Sports. "So it would be a really cool thing if it worked out for him tomorrow. Knowing Phil and knowing how much he wants to play, it wouldn't surprise me if he left if rain wasn't in the forecast. You never know out here with this kind of humidity. Storms can roll up unexpectedly.
"I'm leaving him alone, but it wouldn't surprise me if he left, flew a little bit and then if the guys tee off at 2:20, turn around and go home."
___
RING THE BELL: In a sunken patch of rough, just beyond the seventh tee box at Erin Hills, stands a rusted-out bell with the clapper removed.
When Erin Hills was first built, the bell stood near the green on what was then a blind par-3. Since the putting surface was not in sight from the tee box, players had to ring the bell to let the next group know the green was clear. A white rock behind the green was positioned every day to indicate the aiming point for the day's pin position.
The hole was nicknamed the "Dell Hole," after a similar hole at Lahinch Golf Club in Ireland.
But during one of the course redesigns, then-owner Bob Lang ordered the area in front of the green bulldozed to make room for a new set of tees, and what had been the eighth hole was lengthened and turned into the new par-5 seventh.
"It was a unique hole," said Steve Stricker, the Wisconsin native who was invited to play Erin Hills in the early days.
In the end, he agreed with Lang, who felt the USGA would never bring a U.S. Open to a course with a blind par-3.
Fortunate, then, that Erin Hills was originally built with 19 holes. What is now the par-3 ninth used to be called the "Bye Hole" — playable but didn't count on the scorecard.
Stricker said he always thought that was the best of those par-3s.
"So I don't know if that stuck with them or they thought the same thing," he said. "But I wasn't a big fan of the blind par-3."
___
SLOGAN TWEAK: For years, the U.S. Open has been referred to as the "toughest test in golf." So it was interesting to hear USGA executive director Mike Davis refer to it on more than one occasion as the "ultimate test in golf."
That was a conscious decision.
"We really got branded as the toughest test not by ourselves but by others," Davis said. "It's not necessarily bad. And we're not shunning the fact that it is a tough test. We get to the Women's Open it's going to be a tough test. There's history, well over a century of history of that with the USGA. But I will tell you when we sit and talk as a group and we're setting a golf course up, we are never — never — talking about, 'We have to have even par win' or 'We have to make this as tough as possible."
He said the choice of "ultimate test" is a goal to test every skill.
The toughest test? Davis said the USGA could make it any U.S. Open as tough as it wanted, as could any other organization that runs big tournaments. The PGA Tour made The Players Championship plenty tough when it rolled the greens twice last year in the third round, when 60 of 76 players made a double bogey or worse and there were 149 three-putts in one round.
That's why Davis prefers "ultimate."
"You're hearing us talk more about that simply because ... we're not just trying to make that the toughest test," he said.
___
HONORARY STARTER: It was a big deal for Bob Ford to get the Bob Jones Award, the USGA's highest honor. It got even better when he was asked to be the honorary starter at the U.S. Open for as long as he wants the job.
Ford retired last year as the head professional at Oakmont, which has hosted the U.S. Open a record nine times. He still works the winter months as the head pro at Seminole in south Florida.
"Very cool," Ford said Wednesday. "It's an incredible privilege and honor that I've been asked to do that. And as President (Diana) Murphy said last night, I can do it as long as I want to, and that's very cool. It will bring a little stability and continuity to the position."
Ford said he went through his own version of a practice round, especially making sure he pronounces the names correctly. The first player to tee off on No. 1 Thursday is Jordan Niebrugge (KNEE-brew-ghee).
___
National Writer Eddie Pells contributed to this report.
Transcript for Rumor the German Shepherd wins best in show at Westminster Kennel Club dog show
Perhaps one of the best songs with rumor it is. And rumor has it and it is true rumored does have it that's the name of the nation's new top dog back at five year old German shepherd is only they set up from grade to win. Best in show for the Westminster Kennel Club show in its 140 year history kind of surprising. Considering the German shepherd is actually consistent. Consistently the second most popular breed Indian and stay after. To the labs of course and murmurs named after. You're hearing it Adele song rumor has it. Now the dog was suspected to win last year and then retired but when she came in second her owner decided to enter her. One more time and it's a good thing that she did now it's up to the retirement home in Wisconsin but before that. Rumor will make an appearance at the Jimmy Times Square studio later on this morning furnish says it's time for a final hunt then and it can puppy. And the funny thing is you know DNA contemporary kiss that's always getting a number of celebrity stuff very big stars down there this is the most popular day knowing I couldn't anymore. NN that they actually remember exactly.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — Sean Manaea's father is from American Samoa, where he grew up playing cricket and rugby and didn't really know anything about baseball.
The younger Manaea was born in Indiana, loved baseball from an early age and blossomed into a hard-throwing 6-foot-5 lefty who in his last start for the Oakland Athletics threw a no-hitter against the Boston Red Sox .
"My parents never played baseball," Manaea said. "They just signed me up one day, and I was like, 'All right, let's do that.' ... From then on, something grabbed me and just kept pulling me toward it. It's just been my first love since I started playing."
While Oakland's first no-hitter since 2010 is certainly the highlight so far for Manaea, the 26-year-old is off to an impressive start overall in his third big league season.
Manaea has a 3-2 record — the A's scored only one run total in his two losses — with a 1.23 ERA. His 36 2/3 innings matched the major league lead going into Tuesday night's games. Opposing teams are hitting only .130 against him while managing 3.93 hits per nine innings, both second-best in the majors.
"A no-hitter obviously is a no-hitter. I'm looking forward to seeing what he's going to do the rest of the season," A's catcher Jonathan Lucroy said. "The way he's thrown so far this year is really, really special."
Manaea struck out 10, walked two and threw 108 pitches in the 3-0 win at home Saturday night. Manaea mixed in changeups and sliders with his fastball against the best team in the big leagues so far this season.
"I don't know how you don't gain confidence from something like that. It's one thing to throw a no-hitter. It's another thing to throw a no-hitter against the Red Sox the way they're playing," A's manager Bob Melvin said. "He's a confident pitcher as is, but to be able to finish off a game like that should carry with him for a while."
Manaea's next start will be Friday night in Houston against the World Series champion Astros.
"I'm going to treat it like any other game. That's what I did with the Red Sox, and what I'm going to do for the Astros," Manaea said. "I'm not going to change anything just because something really cool happened."
That no-no was the first for the A's since Dallas Braden's perfect game against Tampa Bay in 2010. It had been almost exactly 25 years since the Red Sox were held hitless.
Manaea's father settled in Indiana after being stationed there in the Army, so except for his own family, he didn't grow up around the Polynesian-like culture known for producing big football players, many of them now in the NFL, instead of big league pitchers.
"I played basketball from fourth grade to my sophomore year. I was tall and it was something to do in the winter," he said. "It was fun for a while, but after my sophomore year, I was like, 'Yeah this isn't for me.' I can't dribble the ball, I'm not physical enough. I'm skinny."
Manaea continued to progress and excel in baseball. He went to Indiana State and had a standout summer in the Cape Cod League before the Kansas City Royals picked him 34th overall in the 2013 amateur draft.
The Royals traded Manaea to Oakland in 2015 when acquiring Ben Zobrist. Manaea made his big league debut the next season, and in his 58th career start Saturday threw his first complete game.
"The thing that impresses me the most is he's doing it differently than he did when he first got here," Melvin said. "Just his stuff, he could get away with making some mistakes. ... He's a three-pitch pitcher now. He commands both sides of the plate."
Melvin describes him now as a "true pitcher" and not just a thrower anymore.
Manaea didn't really get any sleep Saturday night.
"My mind was going a million miles a second, and I just couldn't get that moment out of my head," he said. "It's something I never really dreamed of. ... It's just a really, really cool moment."
Before watching the highlights over and over throughout the night, he had a video call with his parents, who over the years have become obsessed with baseball like their son.
"They love everything about the A's," Manaea said. "Ever since I started getting more and more advanced with baseball, they were always there for me, and they drove me to practices, drove me to games. They're all in on baseball."
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Summer homework. It's the worst part of summer for most parents and kids no doubt, but it's become the norm.
Usually called the "summer packet," it typically consists of several worksheets for kids to complete with the goal of staying on top of academics during the break.
But what about all the lessons that can't be learned from a worksheet?
That's the idea behind one Pensacola, Florida teacher's summer packet. It's actually not a packet at all, and while Betsy Eggart, a first-grade teacher at R.C. Lipscomb Elementary School has now turned it into a downloadable one-sheeter any teacher can use, it actually began as a simple Facebook post. That post has now been shared more than 150,000 times. It reads in part:
"A parent asked me the other day, 'Are you sending home a packet of work for the summer?' I paused and felt half-guilty as I replied, 'No...'"
Eggart told "Good Morning America" the parent seemed "relieved."
The post continues: "You see, there are these packets you can create to send home so that parents can work with their child reviewing skills learned and preparing for what is up ahead.
This is so great, in theory. And maybe one day I'll put one together. Although, the more I thought, the more I decided that this summer packet should be less addition practice and sight words and more...LIFE.
So take it or leave it...here's my 'Summer Packet.'
-Teach your child to tie their shoes. Find a fun trick! Watch a video! Give an incentive! Be persistent! Just make sure your child isn't the one dragging their laces through the bathroom and cafeteria then asking the teacher to tie it.
-Choose a few family members and friends to write a letter to this summer. Ask your child to write in full sentences, ask questions and give details. Writing with a purpose makes it relevant and real for your child. Maybe someone will write them back! Include an envelope with return address and stamp to encourage that!
-Sit at the table and eat together. Really watch your child. Is he sitting on his knees, mouth wide open, food everywhere? This is how he looks in the cafeteria. Work on that."
"For the working parent or the stay at home parent, summer is a time to slow down," Eggart said. "It's less time going and doing and more time just being. No homework, less extra curricular activities and no tardy bells. Just because our adult lives seem to go at warp speed, it doesn't mean our children need to go that fast as well."
She said the response to her original post has been "overwhelming."
"I have heard from teachers and principals all over the country and even overseas thanking me for putting into words what they've thought for a long time. I have honestly cried to read so many telling me, 'We'll be working on your list this summer.'
Eggart, herself a mother of two kids ages 8 years and 18 months, will be taking it easy this summer and she hopes her post will inspire others to do the same.
"I just wanted to remind my parents to slow down, look at their children and live some life together this summer," she said. "I can't put life on a worksheet."
HOUSTON (AP) — Advocates for a Mexican journalist detained in a remote West Texas facility asked the U.S. government to grant him asylum instead of deporting him to a country where he believes he'll be killed.
Emilio Gutierrez Soto fled to the United States a decade ago after articles he wrote alleging corruption in the Mexican military caused his name to end up on a hit list. Mexico is one of the world's most dangerous places for journalism, likened to countries such as Syria and Iraq. At least 11 journalists have been killed in Mexico this year.
After coming within hours of possible deportation, Gutierrez, 54, is now appealing that denial. The National Press Club and other press freedom advocates held an event Monday highlighting Gutierrez's case and those of other reporters whose lives were in danger.
Speaking by phone from a U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement detention center in Sierra Blanca, Texas, Gutierrez accused Mexican leaders of being complicit in the violence of drug cartels and the murders of journalists, though he did not make specific allegations.
"The biggest criminal organization is the government," Gutierrez said. "I'm afraid to take one step into Mexico."
The U.S. government historically rejects most asylum claims. Over a five-year period ending in September 2016, the U.S. received about 267,000 asylum claims and granted 46,000.
It has granted asylum in recent years to a number of Mexican journalists. But Eduardo Beckett, Gutierrez's lawyer, accused the U.S. of turning a blind eye to corruption and violence in Mexico, and blamed the Trump administration for changing how it deals with asylum seekers.
"There is no more humanity," Beckett said. "The new tactic is, we'll pressure you, we'll keep you detained, in hopes you'll give up."
Another Mexican journalist did just that earlier this year. After spending nearly four months in an immigration facility, reporter Martin Mendez Pineda returned to Mexico and went into hiding.
Mexico has created a federal protection program for journalists, with about 600 enrollees nationwide. But one reporter in the program was killed earlier this year, and others question whether the federal government has the power or the will to protect them. Meanwhile, high-profile killings have continued, including the death of Javier Valdez, a legendary reporter who covered drug trafficking in Sinaloa state.
Gutierrez worked for El Diario del Noroeste, a newspaper in the state of Chihuahua. He said his problems began after he wrote articles that alleged military forces were robbing and extorting local people in Chihuahua, which borders New Mexico and part of West Texas.
After receiving what his advocates called veiled threats, Gutierrez discovered his name had been placed on a hit list. So he fled north with his teenage son and entered the U.S. in 2008, seeking asylum.
He spent seven months in detention before his release in January 2009, while his application for asylum remained pending.
Beckett said that Gutierrez was no longer working in journalism while living in the West Texas border city of El Paso. Instead, he supported himself by operating a food truck, Beckett said. His son, now 24, works in a restaurant. But while in the United States, Gutierrez heard from people back in Mexico that if he returned, he would end up like other journalists who were killed.
After nine years, a judge denied his asylum request in July, and the U.S. Board of Immigration Appeals dismissed his appeal in November.
His advocates say he came close to being sent back to Mexico before the appeals board on Thursday issued a stay of his deportation.
The U.S. Department of Justice and the Mexican foreign affairs ministry did not return messages seeking comment Monday. ICE said in a statement that Gutierrez remains in the agency's custody "pending disposition of his immigration case."
___
Follow Nomaan Merchant on Twitter at @nomaanmerchant. Associated Press reporter Christopher Sherman in Mexico City contributed to this report.
___
Sign up for the AP's weekly newsletter showcasing our best reporting from the Midwest and Texas: —http://apne.ws/2u1RMfv
After venturing out with Kris Brown Chevrolet Buick GMC in Cleburne, Kris Brown is coming back to Granbury. She will join Mike Brown in the operations of Mike Brown Ford, Mike Brown Dodge Chrysler Jeep and Mike Brown Hyundai. “I could not pass up this opportunity to step into a leadership role in moving the family business forward in the future,” she said of her return to Granbury. The Cleburne dealership is now Classic Cleburne and will be under the direction of Mike Zorn.
IEC speaks on Gaza's power supply and what to do about the PA and Gaza's outstanding debt.
Loading....
After Israel Electric Company CEO Yiftach Ron-Tal on Monday promised to cut off electricity in Gaza if the bill is not paid, Arutz Sheva interviewed him on the subject, asking for more details.
"We've heard this promise that you'll cut electricity to Gaza if they don't pay their electric bill. The question is, what is really going to happen?" an Arutz Sheva reporter asked.
"First of all, we've already cut it off, several times," Ron-Tal responded. "Secondly, we're a government company. Processes such as this need to be done only with government approval. We're not completely independent - not at all. If it wasn't a government company, we would cut off the electricity.
"If we weren't a government company, which deals with a sensitive diplomatic issue, I think it would be correct business-wise in this situation to cut it off. And that's also the law - you can't buy something and not pay for it, you can't receive a service and not pay for it. There's no such thing. It doesn't happen.
"But yes, we've cut it off a few times.
"We are in the process of negotiating - and I hope this will work out - a solution. And the solution will be as follows: First of all, an initial payment of 570 million Nisses, as a kind of down payment. This was already agreed on three months ago.
"Second of all, the rest of the debt will be paid in 48 monthly payments, beginning as soon as the agreement is signed. Third - and this is still being negotiated - a plan for ensuring there will be no more 'bleeding,' that there will be no more debts accrued.
"Fourth, and this is most important, an external guarantor for the PA which will ensure there will be no more debt accrued.
"We should finish negotiating this plan within the next three months. And we believe, if it ends positively, I really hope this problem will be behind us. And if not, we'll have to think about what our next steps will have to be - legal steps. We will have to tell the relevant parties and we will have to cut their electricity off.
"I don't like knowing that the electricity we supply to Gaza is being used to dig tunnels. It's not okay, but it exists. I state my opinion only when it is appropriate to state it. And the alternative is worse. The alternative is that there will be electricity in Gaza - and the Egyptians are connected to Gaza, but they hardly supply any electricity.
"There's only one power station in Gaza, and it hardly produces anything. Israel is basically the only one providing Gaza with electricity. Even now, the average citizen only has electricity for half of the day. I think we should allow them to build their own power station and get them off our backs. There's no reason in the world we shouldn't do that."
The Palestinian Authority provides 70 million NIS worth of Israeli electricity to Gaza every month, and has promised to foot the bill. However, they have not paid the bill, and currently owe Israel over 2 billion Nisses (more than $530 million).
CHICAGO (AP) — An appeals court has refused to toss corruption charges against former U.S. Rep. Aaron Schock, saying it can't assess whether his prosecution violated constitutional separation-of-powers clauses until after he goes to trial.
The 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago says in its unanimous ruling Wednesday that it doesn't believe appellate courts have the authority to address such questions until after a verdict. No date has been set for the 36-year-old Schock's trial on 22 corruption counts.
The Republican from the central Illinois city of Peoria was indicted in 2016 on charges of misusing funds. He resigned in 2015 amid scrutiny of his spending, including to redecorate his Capitol Hill office in the style of the TV show "Downton Abbey."
A Schock spokesman didn't have an immediate comment.
WESTPORT, CT (CBS Local) – The family of a 96-year-old in Connecticut has found a hidden treasure trove dedicated to every book the grandmother ever read.
Stefanie Dreyfuss of Westport passed away in mid-May, leaving behind several relatives and in-laws. Her daughter-in-law posted a photo on Twitter of the stunning find in the woman's home. Each book review had been categorized using a completely original code created by Dreyfuss and filed away on hundreds of index cards over the years.
I lost my mother in law last week. She was 96 and one of my best friends. A lifelong lover of books, she kept track of all she read on index cards and recorded her opinion in code. This is the key to her code and the cards we found among her belongings. pic.twitter.com/Iabmek9B7F — Lauren Tarshis (@laurenTarshis) May 26, 2018
Lauren Tarshis' post of the find quickly went viral, with over 18,000 fellow book lovers liking the post and over 2,500 people re-tweeting the image. “She kept track of all she read on index cards and recorded her opinion in code. This is the key to her code and the cards we found among her belongings,” Tarshis tweeted. Tarshis is the author of the New York Times Bestselling series “I Survived“, a fast-paced historical fiction from the perspective of a boy or girl who lived through a historical disaster.
The biggest takeaway from the 96-year-old's coded collection is that she was a very tough grader. The numerous codes included:
RP: Readable Piffle
NFM: Not For Me
G: Good didn't hold my attention
NMS: Not my style
RR: Readable
WOT: Waste of Time
The opinionated reader's daughter-in-law shared another photo a few days later after discovering a second hidden collection. Dreyfuss (who immigrated to the U.S. in 1947) had also saved her favorite quotes over her many decades in America.
Michael Bisping is moving on from life in the octagon.
The former UFC middleweight champion announced his retirement on his “Believe You Me” podcast. He compiled a 30-9 professional record including a 20-9 mark in 11 years with the UFC.
Bisping, 39, lost the middleweight title to Georges St-Pierre Paul at UFC 217 last November. Three weeks later, he was knocked out in the first round by Kelvin Gastelum during UFC Fight Night.
"You can't do it forever, done it for a long time," Bisping said. "Of course, I've got issues with my eye. After the Gastelum fight, then I started having issues with my good eye.”
MORE: Dana White, Conor McGregor to talk Khabib Nurmagomedov title bout, UFC chief says | Nick Diaz arrested on domestic violence charges after allegedly choking woman
Bisping's 29 UFC bouts are the most in its history, and as he indicated on his podcast, he has nothing left to prove.
"It ain't worth it," Bisping said of continuing in the Octagon. "What else am I going to do? I won the belt. I've had tons of wins. I've done everything I set out to achieve."
Lady Gaga and British royal Prince William have teamed up to encourage mental health sufferers to speak out about their issues.
The Born This Way singer was filmed having a FaceTime conversation with the Duke of Cambridge to discuss how she felt about being open about her struggles with mental health issues, including post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), and how important it was to talk about it.
“It made me very nervous at first,” she said, speaking from the kitchen of her Los Angeles home. “There's a lot of shame attached to mental illness - you feel like something's wrong with you. In my life I go, ‘oh my goodness, look at all these beautiful, wonderful things that I have' and I should be so happy but you can't help it if in the morning when you wake up you are so tired, you are so sad, you are so full of anxiety...”
Prince William suggested other sufferers should be as open as the singer because it will help break the stigma attached to mental health and can make a huge difference to each person, who could suffer more further down the line if they keep quiet.
Gaga agreed, saying, “Even though it was hard, the best thing that could come out of my mental illness was to share it with other people and let our generation as well as other generations know that if you are feeling not well in your mind, that you're not alone... we have to make the strongest, most relentless attempt we can to normalize mental health issues so that people feel like they can come forward.”
Prince William ended the conversation by asking her to visit his royal residence Kensington Palace when she visits London on tour later this year. He also thanked her for supporting the Heads Together campaign, which is also championed by his brother Harry and wife Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge.
Sharing their video, Gaga tweeted, “Thanks to Prince William & @heads_together for inviting me to join this important conversation around mental health awareness #oktosay.”
Thanks to Prince William & @heads_together for inviting me to join this important conversation around mental health awareness #oktosay pic.twitter.com/w4RYmw7Llj — xoxo, Joanne (@ladygaga) April 18, 2017
Their video came just days after Prince Harry confessed he shut down his emotions and refused to think about his mother Princess Diana's death in 1997, when he was aged 12.
Searches for illegal weapons by the Israel Defense Forces in cooperation with the Shin Bet Israel Security Agency, Border Guards and the Israel Police resulted in the seizure of Carlo machine guns in the Bethlehem-area village of Beit Fajr and in the village of Deir Tzamat in the southern Hebron hills.
A handgun was seized in the Hevron Hills village of Deir Al-'Asal.
If you are curious about some of the new businesses popping up in Johnson City and you're ready to sip a little, walk a little, and learn a little then get ready for the Wednesday Wine Walk. Hannah Ringley from inspired reclaimed goods is here to get you ready for all that strolling and sipping.
Advertisement
WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) – House Speaker Paul Ryan has told his fellow lawmakers that “an attack on one of us is an attack on all of us.”
The Wisconsin Republican praised the efforts of Capitol police officers and other law enforcement.
Ryan addressed the House in the wake of Wednesday's shooting at a practice of lawmakers for the annual charity congressional baseball game.
Ryan said, “these were our brothers and sisters in the line of fire.”
Ryan received a standing ovation as lawmakers in both parties came to the House chamber as a show of unity.
Ryan said implored lawmakers in both parties “to resolve to come together to lift each other up and to show the country, show the world that we are one House, the people's House, united in our humanity.”
UNICOI COUNTY, TN (WJHL) – The 40th annual Unicoi County Apple Festival is expected to bring in more than 100,000 visitors to our region this weekend.
The event has been named one of the Southeast Tourism Society's “Top 20 events in the Southeast.”
Expect big crowds in downtown Erwin for a fall festival that features everything apple, plenty of good food, as well as arts and crafts.
This year's events also include a 4-mile race, an apple dumpling contest and a Miss Apple Festival Pageant.
Tonight, the festival wraps up at 8 p.m. and on Saturday, the apple festival kicks off at 8 a.m.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
On Tuesday night Kate Upton was revealed as the 2017 Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue cover model on ABC's "Jimmy Kimmel Live!"
Jimmy Kimmel had the first interview with Upton after making the announcement during the broadcast.
Upton, 24, joined the host on the couch to thunderous applause. Kimmel pointed out that this is her third Sports Illustrated cover, but that Elle Macpherson holds the record with five.
EXCLUSIVE: Watch Kate Upton's reaction backstage after seeing her 2017 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit covers https://t.co/boqi9tW68D pic.twitter.com/LIrZxxDvSu — SI Swimsuit (@SI_Swimsuit) February 15, 2017
Upton revealed that she didn't find out she was on the cover until Monday.
Kimmel showed Upton some gag covers of the issue, including one of Upton buried in sand.
The actual cover was presented in a projection on the Empire State Building in New York City, and then Kimmel revealed that Sports Illustrated is issuing three collector's covers, with an especially provocative cover featuring Upton in what Kimmel referred to as “a hammock that got torn to bits.”
The announcement kicks off a week of festivities culminating in Vibes by Swimsuit, a music, food and culture festival taking place in Houston on Feb. 17 and 18.
BRUSSELS (AP) — A power outage has hit Brussels airport, delaying departing planes and leaving hundreds of people stranded outside the terminal.
Florence Muls of Brussels airport says the outage hit at 5 a.m. (0400 GMT) Thursday and specifically affected the luggage and air conditioning systems.
Early morning departures were immediately affected and hundreds of people were left waiting outside.
Muls says after the outage was fixed, people were slowly let back in the building. Dozens of flights were delayed.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — An Iranian opposition figure under house arrest has voiced rare criticism of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, blaming him for the "disastrous results" of the Revolutionary Guard's vast political and economic influence.
In a rare letter published Tuesday, Mahdi Karroubi says Khamenei violated the constitution, and called on him to order the Guard to loosen its grip on the economy. The letter was published on a website affiliated with Karroubi.
Karroubi and Mir Hossein Mousavi both lost in the 2009 presidential election, which sparked mass protests and allegations of vote-rigging. They were placed under house arrest two years later.
Under Iran's political system, Khamenei is considered the representative of God on earth, with the final say on all major policies. Iranians can go to jail for publicly criticizing him.
MANASSAS, Va. (AP) — The National Park Service has reached agreement with a nonprofit veterans' organization allowing it take cremated remains left at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial and bury them will full military honors.
A park service statement says the Missing in America Project will take possession of dozens of sets of cremains left at the memorial through the years and any future cremains left. They will be inurned in an in-ground vault at a cemetery in Manassas, Virginia, a capital suburb.
The Washington Post reported Wednesday the remains had been kept in a locked cabinet at the park service's large Museum Resource Center in Maryland. No date for the transfer or burial has been set.
Last year, the park service placed signs at the memorial asking people not to leave human remains.
Seven veteran Bexar County Sheriff's Deputies have been placed on administrative leave for ten days following a hazing ritual involving one of the deputies. During the incident, county issued handcuffs, county issued shackles, and a county issued taser were used. All of the deputies are members of SERT, the Special Emergency Response Team at the Jail.
They were all given letters on Monday notifying them of the leave that is due to them as part of their collective bargaining agreement, according to Sheriff Javier Salazar.
“After such time, they're not welcome back at the Sheriff's Office until the conclusion of this investigation,” said Salazar. “They'll need to burn their time, but after their ten days administrative leave they are effectively not here anymore. They're turning in their uniform, they're turning in their credentials and they are not part of our workforce until the conclusion of this investigation one way or the other.”
The incident was recorded on video at a private residence last Friday night. Salazar said what's most disturbing is that the 4-year-old daughter of one of the deputies was also involved.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Melania Trump is trying to tamp down speculation about why she's not been seen in public in nearly three weeks.
The first lady tweeted Wednesday about the media "working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing. Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people!"
Mrs. Trump was last seen in public in the wee hours of May 10 when she joined President Donald Trump to welcome home three Americans released from detention in North Korea.
The White House announced four days later that she had been admitted to a hospital to treat a benign kidney condition.
The first lady had recently launched her initiative to teach kindness to children.
CHESHIRE, Conn. (AP) — Officials from across the nation are checking out a Connecticut prison program that can serve as a model for treating young adult offenders.
Connecticut prison officials are showing off the TRUE Unit on Wednesday at the Cheshire Correctional Institution. It houses 18- to 25-year-old inmates along with older mentors, some of whom are serving life sentences.
The unit is based on a prison in Germany and focuses on education, family and skill development. Correction Commissioner Scott Semple says the idea is to create an environment that supports inmates whose brains are still developing.
The unit had been scaled back from a planned prison for young adults due to budget cuts. It has been open for about a year and will soon expand to the state's prison for women.
Tropical Storm Gert continues to strengthen in the Atlantic Ocean, with swells expected to soon begin affecting portions of the U.S. East Coast.
The National Hurricane Center said Gert was centered about 455 miles (735 kilometers) west-southwest of Bermuda Monday evening and had maximum sustained winds of 70 mph (110 kph). It is moving north at 8 mph (13 kph).
Gert is expected to become a hurricane Monday night.
A gradual turn toward the northeast with an increase in forward speed is forecast for Tuesday night.
Swells generated by Gert will begin to affect portions of Bermuda and the U.S. East Coast — from North Carolina to New York — over the next couple of days.
The Hurricane Center says these swells are likely to cause life-threatening surf and rip current conditions.
Source: Fotodom.ru/DP
One-third of Russians believe that a war between Russia and the United States is possible. Many Russian citizens believe that the relations between the two countries have deteriorated in recent months. Fourteen percent of those who believe that a conflict is likely, believe that the war with the USA is already under way.
However, the majority - 63 percent - called the conflict impossible, a poll conducted by the Russian Public Opinion Research Center (WCIOM) said. Eighty percent of the polled belief that the Russian-American relations remain tense, and 15 percent expect them to worsen further.
The number of those Russians, who believe that the US-Russian relations may improve decreases. Only nine percent of the polled said that the relations between the two countries are normal. In March, the number of those who share such a point of view was higher - 17 percent.
An earlier opinion poll conducted by Levada Center showed that every other Russian national shares a negative attitude to Europe and the USA. As many as 52 percent of the polled said that they disliked America.
Interestingly, a poll conducted by YouGov showed that Westerners treat Russia positively. Every fifth Western respondent called Russia an "ally" or a "friendly state" n relation to the USA. A third said, however, that they thought of Russia as an "unfriendly state."
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
Hester M. Kint, 92, formerly of Toledo, Ohio, and a resident the past two years at Primrose Retirement Community of Findlay, passed away on Saturday, February 11, 2017, at the Birchaven Village, Findlay, Ohio.
Hester was born on December 22, 1924 in Prairie Depot (Wayne, Ohio) to William G. and H. Adella Overmyer . Hester worked in retail sales and the offices of Montgomery Ward Dept. Store in Toledo until her retirement.
Hester was preceded in death by her parents, her husband Philip Kint, sister Ruth Graf, and son-in-law Otto Froehlich. She is survived by her children, Barbara Froehlich, Atlanta, GA, William (Kathy) Kint, Whitefish, MT, Richard (Patricia) Kint, Dearborn, MI, and Elizabeth Kint, Findlay, OH. Also surviving are grandchildren, Peter and Stefan Froehlich; step grandchildren, Jennifer (James) Augustine, and Patrick (Kristin) Fagan; 6 step great-grandchildren; and brother, Joseph Overmyer.
Visitation will be held on Friday, February 17th from 2 to 8 p.m. at the Walter Funeral Home, 4653 Glendale Avenue, Toledo, Ohio. Funeral services will be held Saturday at 11 a.m. in Faith Lutheran Church, 2440 South Avenue, Toledo, Ohio 43614, with burial to follow in Ottawa Hills Memorial Park. Memorial contributions in Hester's name are requested to be made to the Carla Dysert Foundation, PO Box 523, Aberdeen, SD 57402, or Faith Lutheran Church.
Please share your expressions of sympathy at walterfuneralhome.com or our facebook page.
Comments
comments
A courthouse in Morgan Hill was evacuated Tuesday morning due to a suspicious package sent by a party in an ongoing case.The courthouse was evacuated around 11:30 a.m., but it was unclear who brought the package into the building.The evacuation prompted officials to cancel proceedings for the rest of the day.The package was taken out of the building by Sheriff's deputies, and the bomb squad was called in.The street leading to the court was blocked off, and no further details were immediately available.
Oil prices ups and downs: Russia wins if Iran loses
Oil will continue growing in price, and even Donald Trump's incompetent tweets are not going to change this trend, expert Igor Yushkov believes. Who will be dictating conditions on the commodity market and who will lose?
Oil prices will continue growing, Bloomberg reports with reference to hedge funds that invest in "black gold." Oil will hit the mark of $80 per barrel already in May, the news agency said. The criticism from Donald Trump, who tweeted that the OPEC was artificially inflating the prices, will not change the situation.
Donald Trump has doubts about the extension of the "nuclear deal" with Iran at the time when Saudi Arabia has been speculating on the bull market, Venezuela has been cutting its oil production, the situation in Syria and in the Middle East in general has been exacerbating. All these factors will contribute to the growth of oil prices.
Igor Yushkov, a leading expert at the National Energy Security Fund, told Pravda.Ru that there are two factors that contribute to the growth of oil prices. The first one is the OPEC+ deal on limiting production by exporting countries and geopolitical destabilisation, including the threat of a military confrontation between major producers and exporters of oil.
"Trump does not understand the situation in the oil market, where it is production output that forms the balance of supplies and demand and, consequently, the price. "For example, in Russia, the Energy Ministry does not have the authority to instruct companies how much oil they need to extract, but the president can turn to them with an offer to conclude an agreement, and they meet halfway," Igor Yushkov said in an interview with Pravda.Ru.
In fact, the rise in oil prices shows a positive effect on the growth in the production of shale oil in the United States that has a high production cost of $40-50 per barrel. These days, OPEC is not the monster that used to produce most oil in the world - today it accounts for about 40 percent.
"These days, the price of $60-70 per barrel of oil is very good for those who produce oil and those who process it - it goes about the growth of the industry and jobs - that's what Trump always talks about," Igor Yushkov told Pravda.Ru.
The expert believes that Donald Trump will not extend the nuclear deal with Iran. During Obama's presidency, the prime goal of lifting sanctions from Iran was to give Europe an alternative to Russian gas. Yet, Trump's goal is different: to drive Russia into a corner with sanctions and make Europe buy liquified natural gas from the USA.
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
←
MONTROSE, Pa. (AP) — A gas driller's ongoing feud with a Pennsylvania homeowner over the contamination of his water supply has once again entered a courtroom.
Houston-based Cabot Oil & Gas Corp. claims Dimock resident Ray Kemble and his former lawyers tried to extort the company through a frivolous lawsuit. The federal lawsuit, which was filed in April but withdrawn two months later, accused Cabot of polluting Kemble's water supply.
Cabot says the claims in Kemble's suit were the subject of a 2012 settlement between Cabot and dozens of Dimock residents, including Kemble. It's seeking monetary damages against Kemble and his former lawyers. The first hearing in the case was held Monday.
Kemble says Cabot is trying to use the legal system to shut down dissent.
Pennsylvania regulators previously held Cabot responsible for polluting residential water wells in Dimock.
A murder suspect who had been booked into a Central Texas jail with bond initially set at $4 billion bond has been released after he posted a reduced bond of $151,000.
The Bell County Sheriff's Office says Antonio Marquis Willis of Killeen was released Monday afternoon.
Bell County Justice of the Peace Claudia Brown said Friday that she set the multibillion-dollar bond as a protest to exorbitant bonds, which she said force too many people to remain in jail until trial.
A state district judge lowered the bond to $151,000 on Friday. Brown had acknowledged her bond amount could be seen as a constitutional violation.
Willis is charged with first-degree murder in the Dec. 22 shooting death of Donte Samuels in Killeen.
New York Yankees starting pitcher CC Sabathia throws to a Los Angeles Angels batter during the first inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, June 13, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP) -- New York Yankees left-hander CC Sabathia was diagnosed with Grade 2 left hamstring strain Wednesday and could be out at least four weeks.
The Yankees have yet to place Sabathia, whose next scheduled start would have been Sunday, on the disabled list. He injured the hamstring pushing off the mound Tuesday.
It could be a big loss for the Yankees, who were seeing the left-hander pitch like an ace again in his last six starts (0.99 ERA).
Grade 2 hamstring strains can take four to eight weeks to fully recover. Though normally associated with runners, Yankees manager Joe Girardi said they also can be a difficult challenge for pitchers.
''It can be an issue when it's a push-off leg,'' Girardi said. ''That's the leg you're using to drive downhill and push off on.''
Girardi said the team was undecided who would fill his spot in the rotation.
Yemeni Americans in New York are speaking out against a U.S. travel ban as the Supreme Court is scheduled to hear arguments over whether it should be upheld.
Some Yemeni owners of bodegas, the corner stores so prevalent in New York City, shut down for an hour on Tuesday afternoon to protest against the ban. It was a shortened version of a protest bodega owners initiated last year.
The Supreme Court is scheduled to hear arguments over Republican President Donald Trump's ban on Wednesday.
This third version of the ban bars nationals of several Muslim majority countries from entering the United States.
Opponents say it discriminates against Muslims; supporters say it's necessary for national security purposes.
AMERICAN LEAGUE Toronto 000 002 002—4 6 1 Boston 001 012 02x—6 11 1
Gaviglio, Oh (7), Tepera (8) and Maile; Rodriguez, Barnes (7), Johnson (9), Kimbrel (9) and Vazquez. W_Rodriguez 6-1. L_Gaviglio 2-1. Sv_Kimbrel (18). HRs_Toronto, Hernandez (8). Boston, Nunez (4), Martinez (18).
___
Chicago 000 000 001—1 5 2 Cleveland 205 200 00x—9 13 0
Lopez, Volstad (3), Avilan (4), Rondon (5), Fry (6), Jones (7), Soria (8) and Narvaez; Kluber, Beliveau (7), Marshall (8), Taylor (9) and Gomes. W_Kluber 8-2. L_Lopez 1-4. HRs_Chicago, Sanchez (3). Cleveland, Ramirez (17), Encarnacion (13).
___
NATIONAL LEAGUE St. Louis 000 000 200—2 8 1 Milwaukee 000 010 20x—3 10 1
Reyes, Gant (5), Lyons (7), Tuivailala (7) and Kelly; Guerra, Jeffress (7), Hader (8), Knebel (9) and Kratz, Pina. W_Jeffress 5-0. L_Tuivailala 1-1. Sv_Knebel (5). HRs_St. Louis, Bader (5). Milwaukee, Yelich (7).
___
Cincinnati 000 402 001—7 12 0 Arizona 301 000 000—4 13 1
Romano, W.Peralta (6), Hughes (7), Garrett (7), Iglesias (8) and Barnhart; Corbin, Salas (7), Chafin (8), McFarland (9) and Murphy. W_Romano 3-6. L_Corbin 5-2. Sv_Iglesias (9). HRs_Cincinnati, Schebler (6), Duvall (10). Arizona, Goldschmidt (7), Murphy (7).
FILE - In this May 31, 2017, file photo, Oklahoma's Brad Dalke watches a tee shot during the final round of the NCAA Division I men's golf championships in Sugar Grove, Ill. Fresh off his clinching win for Oklahoma in last months NCAA final, Dalke is playing in his first U.S. Open this week at Erin Hills. (AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast, File)
ERIN, Wis. (AP) -- Brad Dalke's heart is right there, emblazoned in big red letters on the side of his golf bag. He carries it with him on his scorecard in his back pocket.
Boomer Sooner, practically since the day he was born.
Fresh off his clinching win for Oklahoma in last month's NCAA final, Dalke is playing in his first U.S. Open this week at Erin Hills. He is using his bag and scorecard from his sophomore season with the Sooners, proudly displaying a connection to his beloved school that runs deep into his family tree.
''With my whole family, I was just growing up being a Sooner. I just always wanted to play for OU,'' Dalke said, ''and I'm just living a dream playing there.''
Dalke's grandfather Ken Pryor played basketball and baseball for Oklahoma and made the winning shot against Texas in the national basketball semifinals in 1947. His mother, Kay, played on the Sooners' first intercollegiate women's golf team. His father, Bill, was a linebacker on Barry Switzer's first national championship team at the school in 1975.
For Brad Dalke, the youngest of seven siblings, there was never any doubt. At age 11, he started sending emails to Oklahoma golf coach Ryan Hybl about wanting to play for the Sooners. Hybl wasn't allowed to respond, but Dalke kept sending him emails.
Hybl eventually came out to watch Dalke play a few times. Dalke took an unofficial visit, Hybl offered him a spot and Dalke committed - when he was just 12 years old.
''You could just see, there's just certain kids that just have the 'it' factor,'' Hybl said Wednesday in a phone interview.
''He was already a big kid so I already knew kind of what his body was going to somewhat look like,'' Hybl continued. ''He had already kind of matured into his body as a 12-year-old. His game was big-time then, and of course, we were taking a chance, but he was, too.''
It already has worked out quite well for everyone involved. Dalke's 2-and-1 win against Oregon's Sulman Raza on May 31 wrapped up Oklahoma's second NCAA golf championship.
''To be able to make that last putt, it's cool. It's a memory I'll always have,'' Dalke said.
He is hoping for more big putts this week in his second major. Dalke lost to Curtis Luck 6 and 4 in the U.S. Amateur final last summer, but the runner-up finish got him a spot in the Masters and U.S. Open.
The 19-year-old Dalke, who played Augusta National with his dad in 2014, missed the cut at the Masters, but he thinks the experience will help him at Erin Hills.
''This week, I kind of know what to expect, just off the course, you know, getting registered, getting practice rounds with some of the pros out here, stuff like that,'' he said. ''I'm a little more comfortable with that. But it's still the U.S. Open. It's still a huge tournament and I'm just excited to be out here, excited to compete with these guys and I think I can do well.''
Dalke already has one major win against one of the top golfers in the world.
Dalke was at a prestigious junior tournament two years ago when a friend encouraged him to challenge Rory McIlroy to an arm-wrestling match. McIlroy, who was No. 1 at the time, was a special guest at a Nike event at Sage Valley in South Carolina.
Dalke was sure McIlroy would turn him down. But McIlroy accepted and Dalke won.
''He's a great guy,'' said Dalke, who talked to McIlroy about the arm-wrestling match at the Masters, and saw him again last weekend at Erin Hills. ''He's awesome. A lot of these guys out here are really good guys, and he is, he's one of them.''
---
Jay Cohen can be reached at http://www.twitter.com/jcohenap
SAN DIEGO (AP) — Franchy Cordero's go-ahead single in the seventh inning capped a comeback that included Hunter Renfroe's two-run homer, sending the San Diego Padres to a 4-2, sweep-completing victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Wednesday.
Jhoulys Chacin (6-5) pitched seven innings, allowing five hits and two runs.
With the score 2-2 after Renfroe's tying shot an inning earlier, Padres pinch-hitter Matt Szczur and Jose Pirela scored after drawing walks against reliever Michael Lorenzen (3-2) to open the seventh.
The Reds, who have lost their past eight road games, were swept at both Dodger Stadium and Petco Park to go 0-6 on the West Coast trip.
Cordero, a rookie center fielder who made his major league debut May 27, hit three home runs in the series and knocked home Szczur with a single to right field.
Brandon Mauer recorded his 12th save in 14 tries, after Brad Hand threw a scoreless eighth.
The Reds rediscovered their home run prowess, getting solo shots from Jose Peraza and Joey Votto after not adding to the team's majors-leading home run total in the series' first and second games.
Peraza hit Chacin's second pitch of the game into the left-field seats for the team's first leadoff homer of the season. For Peraza, it was his third home run.
Votto cleared the wall in right-center for his 19th homer.
Reds starting pitcher Amir Garrett took the 2-0 lead into the sixth.
Renfroe made it 2-all when he followed Yangervis Solarte's leadoff single with a 429-foot home run, his 19th.
The liner into the top of the left-field second deck tied Renfroe with Nate Colbert for the most home runs by a Padres rookie before the All-Star break. Colbert went on to hit 24 home runs in that expansion season, 1969.
HIGHLIGHT DEFENSE
Prompting applause from pitcher Garrett, three Reds defenders teamed up to nab Erick Aybar trying to score from first on Luis Torrens' second-inning double.
Center fielder Arismendy Alcantara threw to second baseman Scooter Gennett, who threw to catcher Tucker Barnhart. Video review upheld the outcall of plate umpire Ted Barrett.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Reds: Zack Cosart, who went into Wednesday as the leading vote-getter at shortstop for the All-Star Game, was out of the starting lineup with a quad injury for the second day in a row. He was pulled from Monday's lopsided game due to the quad.
Padres: RHP Trevor Cahill is expected to throw bullpen sessions on the upcoming trip and then to begin a minor league assignment.
UP NEXT
Reds: RHP Tim Adelman (4-2, 4.34) on Friday will face the Los Angeles Dodgers in Cincinnati after going 2-0 with 2.08 ERA in his past four starts.
Padres: RHP Miguel Diaz, who made 21 relief appearance this year, will make his second career start Friday against the Milwaukee Brewers in San Diego. In his first start, last Saturday against the Kansas City Royals, the rookie was unable to get an out in the third inning.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Comments
comments
PRINCETON, N.J. (AP) -- Jerome Desrosiers' 3-pointer with 36 seconds left in overtime provided the winning points in Princeton's 76-73 victory over Yale on Friday.
After Desrosiers' trey, Yale missed consecutive 3-point shots and fouled Amir Bell, who missed the front end of a one-and-one. The teams exchanged turnovers before a desperation 3-point try by Yale missed.
Yale took possession after a tie-up in regulation but Trey Phills was unable to connect on a 3-pointer as the game went to overtime.
Myles Stephens scored 18 points and Devin Cannady and Bell 16 apiece for the Tigers (11-8, 3-1 Ivy), who have won three straight, with Bell collecting a career-high 11 rebounds for his first career double-double.
Alex Copeland scored 18 points, Phills had 17 points and a career-high 14 rebounds for his first career double-double while Blake Reynolds added 15 points for the Bulldogs (9-12, 2-3).
Shareholders of Uber Technologies Inc. are feuding over a key investor's decision to sue the ride-hailing company's board and former CEO.The Wall Street Journal reported Friday that three shareholders wrote a letter to Benchmark Capital Partners protesting the venture capital firm's decision last week to file the lawsuit.Benchmark, which owns 13 percent of Uber stock, contends former CEO Travis Kalanick concealed material information from investors when he created three new board seats in 2016 and gave himself the right to appoint people to those seats. The firm says Kalanick is trying to return as CEO.Shareholders Shervin Pishevar of Sherpa Capital, Ron Burkle of Yucaipa Cos. and Adam Leber of Maverick demanded that Benchmark withdraws the lawsuit and remove its representative from the board.Uber declined to comment.
LIMA, Peru (AP) — Authorities in Peru have detained a truck driver accused of damaging part of the world-renowned Nazca lines.
The nation's Ministry of Culture says Jainer Flores drove into an unauthorized section of the U.N. World Heritage site on Saturday, leaving tracks and damaging part of three lines.
The Nazca lines are huge etchings depicting imaginary figures, creatures and plants that were scratched on the surface of a coastal desert between 1,500 and 2,000 years ago.
They are believed to have had ritual astronomical purposes.
Greenpeace activists damaged the lines by leaving footprints in the adjacent desert during an event in 2014.
Police are reminding people to be vigilant and report any suspicious activity, as they continue to promote the Action Counters Terrorism campaign in the lead up to Christmas.
The number of shoppers into town centres is expected to increase in the run up to Christmas and shoppers and party-goers are being urged to stay alert and report any suspicious activity.
Detective Superintendent Glen Channer, from the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit and Counter Terror Policing, said: “We know that the Christmas period is a busy time, with many more people than usual visiting town centres, enjoying the night-time economy, and attending events such as Christmas markets. We want everyone to have a safe festive period and that's why we're urging people stay alert and make it harder for terrorists to carry out or plan an attack.”
There will also be more armed police officers as the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Armed Policing Unit launches a new operation which will see armed officers carry out more visible and proactive patrols.
The move, which has not been introduced because of any specific intelligence, is designed to help the public feel reassured and ensure more regular armed patrols are carried out at key locations across the three counties.
Chief Inspector Julia Hands, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Armed Policing Unit, said: “The safety of the public is our number one priority which is why we've decided to increase the visibility of our armed officers.
“From this week onwards our armed officers will be more visible at key sites across the three counties, carrying out proactive patrols and talking to the public.
“I'd like to reassure the public that this move is not being taken because of any intelligence about any current threats, and if anyone does have any concerns please do speak to one of our officers while they're out and about.”
The Action Counters Terrorism campaign is run by the National Counterterrorism Police and encourages people to be alert and report any suspicious activity.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — The remaining members of the USA Gymnastics board of directors will resign under pressure from the United States Olympic Committee after the USOC threatened to decertify the organization if it didn't take more strident steps toward change amid the fallout from the scandal surrounding former team doctor Larry Nassar.
The executive board, including chairman Paul Parilla, resigned Monday. USA Gymnastics announced Friday that the remaining 18 board members, who are unpaid volunteers representing various threads of the sport across the country, will leave their positions. The announcement came two days after an open letter from USOC chief operating officer Scott Blackmun called for a "full turnover of leadership."
USA Gymnastics said in a statement Friday it will comply with the USOC's wishes.
"USA Gymnastics supports the United States Olympic Committee's letter and accepts the absolute need of the Olympic family to promote a safe environment for all of our athletes," the organization wrote in a statement. "We agree with the USOC's statement that the interests of our athletes and clubs, and their sport, may be better served by moving forward with meaningful change within our organization, rather than decertification."
One of the crown jewels of the U.S. Olympic movement is reeling following Nassar's downfall. The longtime team doctor, who spent more than 20 years with the organization before leaving in 2015, was sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison Wednesday for molesting seven women. Part of the sentencing process included more than 150 victims impact statements read into the record, several of them high-profile Olympians such as six-time medalist Aly Raisman, 2011 world champion and 2012 Olympic gold medalist Jordyn Wieber and two-time Olympic medalist McKayla Maroney.
The sentencing hearing that allowed the young women to give a face and a voice to their abuse to millions of television viewers did what nearly 18 months of lawsuits and disclosures by some of the most high-profile gymnasts in the country could not: Move the needle enough to spur significant action.
USA Gymnastics did force out former president Steve Penny last spring and hired Kerry Perry in November as his replacement. However, the rest of the power structure remained intact. Rachael Denhollander, the first person to come forward as Nassar victim in the fall of 2016, asked the board's executive officers to resign last August. Raisman talked repeatedly about the need for a complete organizational overhaul after outlining the abuse Nassar subjected her to in her book released in November. Olympic champion Simone Biles came forward as Nassar victim on Jan. 15 and wondered why she had to continue to train at the Karolyi Ranch in Texas, a place where she said Nassar abused her earlier in her career.
USA Gymnastics announced shortly after Biles' critique it was ending its long relationship with the Karolyi Ranch. The board's executive officers stepped down on Monday and the rest of the group will now follow suit.
"USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that may shine light on how abuse of the proportion described so courageously by the survivors of Larry Nassar could have gone undetected for so long and embraces any necessary and appropriate changes," the organization wrote. "USA Gymnastics and the USOC have the same goal — making the sport of gymnastics, and others, as safe as possible for athletes to follow their dreams in a safe, positive and empowered environment."
DETROIT (AP) — Jose Iglesias' two-run single keyed a Detroit's five-run sixth as the Tigers took advantage of Shohei Ohtani's departure following the second rain delay to beat the Los Angeles Angels 6-1 Wednesday night.
Ohtani, starting for the first time since May 20th, allowed one run ond three hits in five innings. He walked three and struck out five while throwing 83 pitches.
Tigers starter Mike Fiers was also knocked out by the second rain delay in the top of the sixth, allowing one run and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings.
The Tigers quickly took the lead in the bottom of the sixth, loading the bases against Cam Bedrosian (1-1) on a single, a walk and a hit by pitch. Greyson Greiner struck out, but Iglesias lined a two-run single to center to put Detroit ahead 3-1. Dixon Machado grounded to short, but Andrelton Simmons' throw to the plate was too late to get JaCoby Jones.
Leonys Martin and Nicholas Castellanos followed with RBI singles off Jim Johnson to push the lead to 6-1.
Louis Coleman (2-0) got he wins with 1 1/3 innings of relief.
Ohtani looked rusty in the first inning, walking two of the first four batters he faced before allowing Niko Goodrum's two-out RBI single.
The Angels tied it in the third when Albert Pujols' two-out single drove in Mike Trout.
Ohtani, who was throwing 91-mph fastballs in the first inning, hit 98 on his final pitch of the third to retire Victor Martinez on a soft liner to shortstop.
The game was delayed for 23 minutes by rain at the end of the fourth inning, but both starters stayed in the game.
Ohtani walked Martin with two out in the fifth and allowed a double to Castellanos before getting Jeimer Candelario to ground out on a 101-mph fastball.
The game was delayed again by rain in the top of the sixth, this time for 41 minutes. Coleman replaced Fiers to get the last strike of the sixth, and Bedrosian came in for Ohtani.
GOOSE HUNT
A Canada Goose settled into right-center field during the second rain delay, and an attempt to remove it ended in chaos. After the grounds crew set off two firecrackers and another member gave chase, the bird tried to escape, but crashed into an LED board on the façade of the third deck and fell two levels into the stands.
After several moments, a veterinarian who was attending the game wrapped the stunned goose in a blanket and took it to the concourse, where it was released outside the stadium and dashed into nearby bushes.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Angels: Zack Cozart (forearm tightness) was a late scratch from the Angels' lineup.
Tigers: Detroit put LHPs Francisco Liriano (right hamstring strain) and Daniel Stumpf (ulnar nerve irritation) on the 10-day DL. Liriano's move is retroactive to Sunday, Stumpf's to Tuesday. The Tigers recalled RHP Johnny Barbato and LHP Ryan Carpenter from Triple-A Toledo. ... Iglesias left the game after the sixth with a hip contusion.
UP NEXT
Carpenter (0-1) starts for the Tigers on Thursday against Angels LHP Andrew Heaney (2-3) in the finale of the four-game series.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
02:07 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Netanyahu, Tillerson meet in Washington, DC Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tilerson began their meeting a short time ago.
► ◄ Last Briefs
Minister Naftali Bennett saluted United States Ambassador to Israel David Friedman at the start of his remarks to the 6th Global Forum for Combating Antisemitism.
Appearing to leave prppared remarks, Bennett said to Friedman, "You, a year in your position, already go down in history as hachaver, the friend of Israel."
C2 Direct to offer businesses an alternative to NBN services, company says
Fixed wireless wholesaler Cirrus Communications has entered the retail market. The company said the newly launched C2 Direct will offer an alternative to the NBN for businesses.
”NBN certainly meets a need in the market — but it is a very long way from offering a compelling solution to businesses dependent on service availability,” said Cirrus Communications CEO Eric Heyde.
“Frankly, their services are either residential-grade or very expensive.”
C2 Direct will initially target SMEs with five to 50 employees in the “critically underserved industrial estates” of large Australian cities, he said.
C2 Direct says it offers services ranging from 10/10 megabits per second through to 1+ gigabits per second, on one-, two- and three-year contracts.
The 10/10Mbps service costs $265 a month on a one-year contract (dropping to $220 for a three-year contract).
Cirrus says its fixed wireless service is available in more than 250 regions around Australia, including Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Canberra, Adelaide, Perth, Newcastle, Geelong, Wollongong, the Gold Coast, the Central Coast, the Sunshine Coast, and other regional centres.
Fibre network operator Superloop has also been targeting businesses with fixed wireless services that it says offer an alternative to the NBN.
In 2016 it acquired Big Air. Last year it picked up wireless ISP NuSkope and managed Wi-Fi provider GX2.
Read more: No signs of damage to NBN after Cyclone Marcus
The Wildcats opened the tournament with a 52-15 whipping of William Blount earlier in the afternoon.
Central will bring a 40-6 record into Saturday's 111 a.m. consolation match between the winner of a 9 a.m. bout between Knoxville Halls and Oakland. The Wildcats would have to win four elimination matches to claim third place.
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — Vera Katz, a Jewish refugee elected to three terms as Portland's mayor and helped transform it from a sleepy backwater into a trendy city known for its public transit, eco-conscious design and live-work architecture style, died Monday. She was 84.
Katz was diagnosed with acute leukemia this month after undergoing dialysis for more than a dozen years following cancer treatment.
U.S. Sen. Ron Wyden called Katz an "indomitable woman" who left a lasting impact on Oregon and its largest city. She also served as first female speaker of the Oregon House.
A visionary urban planner with the ability to reach across the aisle, Mayor Katz oversaw plans for the internationally known Pearl District and neighborhoods along the Willamette River that changed the city into a hipster haven and international tourist destination.
A champion of the arts, Katz also oversaw construction of Lan Su Yuan, an intricate Suzhou-style Chinese garden in the heart of the city's old town that draws visitors from around the world.
"Vera Katz was more than a pioneer. She was a force. She escaped the Nazis. She battled cancer. She ran the House. She ran the city. She was a natural leader. Vera led and people followed," said Oregon Senate President Peter Courtney. "Oregon has lost a great human being."
Katz was born Vera Pistrak to Russian exiles in Dusseldorf, Germany, on Aug. 3, 1933, just as the Nazis were seizing power. When she was an infant, her family escaped to Paris and then, when she was 7, the family crossed the Pyrenees by foot into Spain.
She arrived in America on a Greek steamboat and grew up as a poor refugee in New York City.
"My mom was the embodiment of the American dream: coming with nothing and making life better not just for herself but for the countless others she touched," her son, Jesse Katz, said in a statement.
In 1964, Vera Katz moved to Portland with her husband, Mel, and worked as a stay-at-home mother.
She didn't become active in politics until age 34, when she volunteered for Robert F. Kennedy's 1968 presidential campaign.
Within five years, Katz was elected to the state Legislature and eventually became the first female speaker of the House, a job she kept for three terms.
She went on to serve three terms as Portland's mayor, from 1993 to 2005 — a critical period for a city that was on the cusp of evolution.
In both roles, Katz espoused progressive causes such as gender equality and gay rights long before they were mainstream and championed education, the arts and labor rights.
She sponsored a landmark school reform bill in the state House and helped pass gun control legislation.
Katz was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2000 and an aggressive form of uterine cancer in 2004.
Treatment for the cancer was successful but left her reliant on dialysis three times a week for 13 years, her family said. Earlier this month, she was diagnosed with acute leukemia and entered hospice.
A memorial will be held in January.
___
Follow Gillian Flaccus on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/gflaccus .
While some states in the Northeast want to close their borders with Bangaldesh and Myanmar, Mizoram took a different approach on Monday during a meeting of Northeast Chief Ministers on security along the Indo-Myanmar border which was chaired by Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh.
And on the border along with Bangladesh, the Mizoram chief minister said that border fencing has led to lost of land, reports zoramobserver.com.
"Border fencing along, both with Myanmar and Bangladesh, has forced our people from farming outside the fencing areas. As such we are losing precious land.
In addition, our boundaries with Myanmar and Bangladesh are divided by natural rivers which makes fencing not only difficult, but not good for our farmers," he said.
Mizoram Chief Minister Lal Thanhawla, citing close ethnic ties with people on the Myanmar side of the border, said that the present free zone should be extended from 16 km to 60 km and that the duration of stay in both countries should be made 60 days as against the current 72 hours deadline.
"For us in Mizoram, due to our ethnic ties with the people on the other side of Myanmar border, we would welcome restoration of a 60-km free zone and a stay period of up to 60 days as against 72 hours," Lal Thanhawla said during the meeting.
India and Myanmar has a free movement agreement that allows people from either side of the international border to enter the country up to a certain limit and period. Mizoram stand is opposed to Arunachal Pradesh which wants its sections of the border with Myanmar to be sealed.
Lal Thanhawla also urged the Central government to make useful of the traditional ties of the Zo people.
"India can exploit this traditional and cultural ties to promote trade and business opportunities as part of its Act East Policy," he said.
The chief minister also said that Mizoram will soon come up with guidelines on a Free Movement Regime. So far, the state has four designated crossing points where entry fees are collected from visitors. [Read More]
—–
Source: The Financial Express
GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip (AP) — The Palestinian ambassador in Malaysia says the body of a Hamas militant killed last week in Kuala Lumpur will be repatriated to the Gaza Strip for burial.
Ambassador Anwar al-Agha said on Thursday that Egypt agreed to allow the body to be returned through its border with Gaza.
Israel's Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman had appealed to Egypt to refuse the Palestinian request. The body is expected to arrive in Gaza on Thursday.
Fadi al-Batsh, an electrical engineering lecturer at a Malaysian university, was gunned down by two men on a motorcycle as he was on his way to a mosque early last Saturday.
Hamas, a militant group sworn to Israel's destruction, described al-Batch as a "commander" in its military wing and accused Israel of assassinating him.
Israel has not commented.
MUMBAI, India (AP) — Sunrisers Hyderabad successfully defended their second lowest total in Indian Premier League history by recording 31-run victory over defending champions Mumbai Indians on Tuesday.
Seamer Siddarth Kaul picked up 3-23 and Afghanistan's Rashid Khan snapped up 2-11 with his masterful googlies and legspinners as Mumbai was bowled out for 87 in 18.5 overs.
Earlier, after being put into bat, Hyderabad was dismissed for its second lowest IPL total when it fell to Mumbai seamers for 118 in 18.4 overs.
"Without a doubt we were expecting a lot more from ourselves with the bat," Hyderabad captain Kane Williamson said. "A number of injuries, a change in balance, but the best part of it was how the guys were engaged in the second half."
Mumbai, which now has lost five out of six matches, buckled against some fine seam and spin bowling despite Hyderabad going without its frontline injured seamers.
Billy Stanlake was ruled out of remainder of IPL due to fractured finger and injured Bhuvneshwar Kumar was rested from the game.
Mumbai's chase was in disarray when it stuttered at 21-3 in the sixth over that included key wicket of captain Rohit Sharma for just 2.
"118 on any wicket, we should have been able to get that, we just weren't there," Rohit said. "We needed to show some intent but we didn't ... they kept us guessing all the time. A few of us played bad shots including myself."
Suryakumar Yadav (34) and Krunal Pandya (24) shared the best partnership of the innings by combining in a 40-run fourth-wicket stand before Mumbai lost its last six wickets for just 14 runs.
Rashid hurried the collapse when he successfully won an lbw television referral against Krunal and Kaul ran through the tail in quick succession as Hyderabad clinched its fourth win in the tournament.
Earlier, Hardik Pandya (2-20) and Mitchell McClenaghan (2-22) polished off Hyderabad's top order as the visitors' innings never got any momentum from the onset.
McClenaghan struck twice in his first over when he clean bowled fit-again Shekhar Dhawan and then Wriddhiman Saha was caught behind for zero.
Hardik had captain Kane Williamson (29) caught behind off an inside edge and Manish Pandey (16) drove carelessly in the covers as Hyderabad stuttered at 63-5 in the ninth over.
Mumbai's 20-year-old Mayank Markande took his wickets tally to 10 to be the leading wicket-taker in the IPL by clean bowling Mohammad Nabi (16) and Basil Thampi.
Yusuf Pathan (29) struck seamer Mustafizur Rahman for a six over long-on which took Hyderabad past its lowest ever total of 113 in the IPL — also made against Mumbai in 2015.
However, Yusuf holed out in the deep off the next ball to be last man out as only four Hyderabad batsmen could reach double figures.
Justin Bieber has been keeping a low profile these days but it seems as though he's back in the spotlight!!!! Or should I say he popped up in someone's DM!!!! The popstar was allegedly surfing IG when all of a sudden a HOT gym employee caught his eye and the rest was blasted on the blogs!!!!
Here's the attractive gym employee by the name of Jessica Gober who happens to be 22 years old
She's a cutie, right?!?! Jessica couldn't believe that The Biebs asked about her through the gym's IG account and she hit Twitter with her shock!!!!
Guess it really does go down in the DM for Justin?!?! Some are mad at Jess because she blasted Justin and possibly messed up her chance to capitalize on her “15 minutes of fame!!!!”
Spring is upon us and the warmer weather means that it is time again to watch for ticks on your furry friends.
Dr. Corin Berg, a local veterinarian says tick season is getting longer and longer each year, and says that they began seeing their first tick cases as soon as the temperature rose above 4 degrees. He says it is important for pet owners to ensure they are checking their animals regularly for the bug.
“If you have been out in tall grass, or in the parks, or somewhere where ticks could be active to make a habit of really checking over your pets closely after being in those areas.”
He adds that ticks are more attracted to certain spots on animals, but that does not mean they won't attach themselves to anywhere on your pet.
“Typically, they like to go to areas of the body where there isn't as much fur. So, armpits, groin, inside of the ears,” Berg said.
“Although, having said that we've certainly seen a lot of ticks that were in the thickest part of the fur over the back, so really no area of the pet is off limits.”
Berg added that if your pet does get a tic it is important to remove it properly, so that they do not cause future problems for you, or your pet.
The Latest on a shooting at Tennessee restaurant that left four dead (all times local):
10:50 a.m.
A Nashville judge has revoked the bond of a man accused of killing four people at a Waffle House restaurant.
Court records show that a judge struck the $2 million bond for Travis Reinking until a hearing can be held Wednesday. The records did not give a reason why General Sessions Judge Michael Mondelli revoked the bond.
Reinking has been charged with four counts of criminal homicide. Police say the 29-year-old man opened fire outside the restaurant with an AR-15 rifle and then stormed the restaurant, wearing only a green jacket. Four other people were injured in the shooting.
An attorney listed as Reinking's lawyer did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment.
———
12:01 a.m.
Police say Travis Reinking had stolen a BMW from a Nashville area car dealer last week. They discovered it outside the apartment where he lived and hauled it away. But they didn't figure out who had stolen the car until after tragedy struck.
By then, police say, the 29-year-old with a troubled past had shot four people to death in a Waffle House not far from where he lived. If not for the efforts of a customer who wrestled the gun away, many more would have died.
His arrest ended a manhunt that involved more than 160 law enforcement officers. But it left troubling questions about his behavior before the shooting unanswered.
Those questions included what might have led him to the carnage he is said to have unleashed at the Waffle House.
There were few positives to come out of England's heaviest defeat on home soil against the Barbarians at the weekend, but one of them came in the defensive display of flanker Tom Curry who may just yet prove to be the answer to Eddie Jones' desperate search for a natural openside flanker.
Since replacing Stuart Lancaster as England head coach, Jones has selected James Haskell, Teimana Harrison, Tom Wood, Jack Clifford, Sam Underhill, Chris Robshaw and Curry himself at openside flanker, having expressed a vocal desire to find a natural ball-winning No 7 capable of rivalling the likes of Michael Hooper, Sam Cane, Sam Warburton and Justin Tipuric in the breakdown.
And while England may have leaked nine tries to the Barbarians with a defensive horror show, there was at least Curry's performance to take pleasure in as he led England's turnover stats.
At times the 19-year-old openside flanker allowed his eagerness to get the better of him, drawing the wrath of referee Mathieu Raynal who twice penalised him, but he was also the standout player in a white shirt and drew praise from head coach Jones after the match.
“Tom Curry hasn't played Test rugby for a long time and I thought he came back and did some good things, but his timing was a little bit off at times,” Jones said. “He got his timing wrong at times but he contested hard and tried to be a link player. We always thought he would be a good player and he will be.”
With Underhill injured, Robshaw back in the No 6 shirt, Don Armand's continued omission and Haskell out of the picture, Curry looks a certainty to start the first Test against South Africa at openside flanker providing he can maintain his fitness, and that fills the young Sale Sharks back-row with excitement.
Read more
England suffers fourth straight defeat in embarrassing loss to Baa-Baas
Story Continues
“Any time, like today [Sunday], you have an opportunity to represent your country it is so exciting and a massive honour,” he said. “Today was a stepping stone. We have only had the guys in for two weeks, so once we all get together it will be a very exciting squad.
“I will do what is best for the team. Eddie is pretty clear about what he wants from a seven. I just try and fit into the seven role in the team structure. Today it worked out pretty well – I do what is best for the team, to make sure I have speed at the breakdown and link the play. And work as hard as possible. Seven has got to be the hardest working player on the pitch. I am just going round busting a gut.”
That defensive effort needs to be matched by his teammates if England are to stand a chance of snapping their four-game losing streak against the Springboks, so it was relieving to hear Curry bely his age to issue a rallying call to the rest of the squad – himself included – to up the effort when they run out at Ellis Park in two weeks' time.
eddie-jones1.jpg
Jones was complimentary about Curry's performance against the Baa-Baas (Getty)
He added: “Our defensive effort was not good enough. Especially against the Barbarians – they play, as we saw, literally from their 22. When you have got that style of rugby, and when the defensive effort is not quite there you are going to struggle. The spaces open up and seven points to concede is a lot every time. We were just not quite there.”
If he can seize his opportunity this summer, Curry could well tie down one of the problem shirts that Jones has been trying to fill in his Rugby World Cup side, although if he is able to cross off the seven shirt come the end of the summer, he still has about nine other problem areas to resolve.
CINCINNATI (AP) — A bridge that carries highway traffic across the Ohio River near Cincinnati has been serving tens of thousands more vehicles a day than it was designed to handle.
The Cincinnati Enquirer ( ) reports time and traffic are wearing on the Brent Spence Bridge, which is frequently cited as a location where major infrastructure upgrades are needed.
It is increasingly showing rust and cracks, but maintenance officials say it remains structurally sound.
It was made to handle 80,000 vehicles in 1963, and the addition of a fourth lane in 1985 brought that capacity to 120,000. But the most recent data indicate the bridge had daily traffic of over 185,000 vehicles in 2015, nearing a record amount.
That has meant more crashes there, too — usually at least two per week.
___
Information from: The Cincinnati Enquirer,
Comments
comments
Pema Lama was at work in New York City three years ago when the 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck her home country of Nepal.Over the next four days, she didn't sleep or eat as she tried to reach her children from more than 7,000 miles away."Finally, finally my son called me," she said.Lama is one of nearly 9,000 people from Nepal living in the United States with humanitarian protection known as Temporary Protected Status (TPS).The Trump administration must decide by Wednesday whether to terminate status for Nepal, which was granted after the April 25, 2015 earthquake left approximately 9,000 people dead, 22,000 injured and 755,000 homes significantly damaged or destroyed.Roughly 25 to 33 percent of Nepal's population - eight million people - were affected.Wednesday is the three-year anniversary of the earthquake.Lama, who works as a nanny, came to the U.S. in 1994, leaving her children - ages 4 and 6 - behind. She said she stayed in the U.S. for a "better chance, better education and better future for me and my kids."Protected status allowed her to travel to Nepal this year and "touch my kids and celebrate my daughter's birthday after 24 years."The deadline for Nepal arrives amid a slew of TPS terminations as the administration has taken a strict interpretation on what conditions qualify for an extension.Over the past year, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) announced it would terminate status for El Salvador , Haiti, Nicaragua and Sudan - more than an estimated 300,000 people that will either need to leave the United States of face residing illegally.Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen in January announced an 18-month extension for Syria.And the decision deadline for Honduras is next week. Somalia , Yemen and South Sudan also have protected status and will be up for renewal in the next months and into next year."America is a very family-oriented country, so I am hoping for the best," said Lama as the deadline looms.The DHS Secretary is authorized to grant TPS to nationals of foreign countries when conditions temporarily prevent people from returning safely. The program provides for work authorization but does not offer a pathway to citizenship Lama is also the primary financial provider for her family in Nepal.Remittances from Nepali citizens working abroad is roughly 30 percent of Nepal's GDP, according to Austin Lord, Ph.D. Student of Sociocultural Anthropology, Cornell University."I would argue that remittance is probably the most effective and efficient way to support locally-driven and earthquake-safe reconstruction, as compared to institutionally managed programs that often require significant overhead and that do not adequately cover even half the average cost of construction," said Lord.Lama was able to help her children get an apartment after nearly three years of living under a tent and then from one friend's house to another."There are no shelters, like in America," she said.Humanitarian relief was extended for Nepal for 18-months in 2016, after DHS determined that although conditions in Nepal had improved, the "recovery and reconstruction process was delayed and people remained without homes or adequate infrastructure.At this time DHS does not have an announcement regarding Nepal's TPS, but one is expected in the coming days, according to an administration official."TPS allowed me to continue working and become part of a community," said Namrata Pradhan, Nepali TPS holder, domestic worker, and organizer at Adhikaar (NYC).Pradhan said that after moving to the U.S. a decade ago, she was forced to leave behind her legal education and become a nanny, but as a TPS holder she was able to join the staff at both Adhikaar and the National Domestic Workers Alliance."For them [DHS], it is just a single decision like a signature on a piece of paper. But for me and the almost 9,000 other Nepalis with TPS like me, this is a life-changing decision. Our homes are here, we are as American as anyone else and we deserve to be here," she said.Nepal has made some limited progress in stabilizing and rebuilding since the earthquake, but a humanitarian crisis remains, found a recent Catholic Legal Immigration Network Inc. (CLINIC) report The report concluded that the safe return of Nepali TPS holders and their families remains impossible at this time due to the severe lack of adequate shelter, food, water, healthcare, education and jobs as well as other risks."It is critical for the TPS designation for Nepal to be extended, in light of the slow pace and numerous obstacles to reconstruction and recovery from the 2015 earthquake," said Jennifer Ruddle, CLINIC staff attorney.Lama said that when she visited this March, she witnessed the country "still struggling" with clean water and air."People are happy and trying to build their country, but how?" she said.
SEATTLE (AP) — The largest U.S. producer of farmed Atlantic salmon was fined $332,000 on Tuesday for alleged violations of Washington state water quality laws after hundreds of thousands of invasive Atlantic salmon were released last year into waters famed for their native salmon, state officials said.
Cooke Aquaculture Pacific failed to adequately clean nets holding farmed salmon, leading to a net pen failure last summer that allowed the fish to swim away into Puget Sound, officials said in a report compiled by the state's departments of fish and wildlife, ecology and natural resources.
The nets failed because they were excessively laden with mussels and other marine organisms, the report said. That increased the drag on the nets from tidal currents and overwhelming their mooring system, the report said.
More than 110 tons of mussels, clams and other material had accumulated on the nets, state Public Lands Commissioner Hilary Franz told reporters. "Cooke's disregard caused this disaster and recklessly put our state's aquatic ecosystem at risk," she said.
"Cooke knew they had a problem and they didn't appropriately respond to deal with the problem," said state Ecology Director Maria Bellon. The company "could have and should have prevented this incident," she added.
State officials also accused the company of underreporting how many fish escaped into Puget Sound on Aug. 19 and over reporting how many fish were captured.
Ahead of the report's release, Cooke on Tuesday dismissed the state's investigation as incomplete and inaccurate. The company said Cooke employees under state supervision counted each fish as it was recovered.
Company vice president Joel Richardson said in a statement that Cooke was shut out of the investigative process, leading to "an inaccurate and misleading document," referring to the report by state officials.
He said Cooke acknowledges that the facility fell behind in cleaning the nets before moorings failed in July of 2017. But he said the company provided records showing it had washed the nets at the site after that July incident and before the Aug. 19 event.
The company also complained that the state agencies gave it only several days to provide feedback on the lengthy report.
Gov. Jay Inslee, a Democrat, said he would keep in place the state's moratorium on net pen permits.
"We're going to do an intensive review of all of the downsides of these operations to the Puget Sound system," he said. "We really need to look at the scale of this damage and really understand where these fish went and what they did."
Before the Aug. 19 collapse, Cooke was applying to build a new marine salmon farm in the Strait of Juan de Fuca in Clallam County.
The release of Atlantic salmon raised concerns about the potential impact of those fish on native salmon runs. The Lummi Nation, a tribe in northwest Washington state, declared a state of emergency last summer over concerns that native salmon were threatened.
The pen off Cypress Island held about 305,000 Atlantic salmon that were close to being harvested. Between 243,000 and 263,000 fish actually escaped. Cooke's previous estimates put that number at 160,000, according to the state's report.
The report said 57,000 of the escaped fish have been caught.
Cooke owns and operates commercial salmon farms throughout Washington state which it bought from Icicle Acquisition Subsidiary in 2016.
Cooke said the report would create unfair bias against Cooke as state lawmakers weigh several bills that attempt to ban or limit finfish aquaculture.
A bill sponsored by Sen. Kevin Ranker, a Democrat, cleared a key fiscal committee Monday. Senate Bill 6086 prohibits the state natural resources department from entering into new leases or renewing existing leases for marine finfish farming of the Atlantic or other non-native finfish.
All Cooke commercial net pens in Washington have leases to be on state-owned land that is underwater and along shores.
In December, Franz terminated the state's lease with Cooke at another farmed salmon operation in Port Angeles, saying the company violated the terms of the lease. Cooke has challenged that decision in Clallam County Superior Court.
On Tuesday, Franz said she'll announce in coming days the future of the Cooke's lease at the Cypress Island facility where the net failure occurred. It has been operating for more than 30 years.
A woman on Monday said she was a 17-year-old model and aspiring actress when Steven Seagal sexually assaulted her at a supposed casting session at a Beverly Hills hotel room in 2002.
Faviola Dadis was emotional but composed as she spoke at a news conference in Los Angeles, becoming the latest of several women to accuse the action star of sexual misconduct.
Dadis said Seagal reached under her bikini top, grabbed her nipples and then grabbed her genitals soon after the audition began. She said she promptly ended the audition and left deeply shaken.
"I have suffered from depression, anxiety and post-traumatic stress, have found it difficult to form trusting relationships with men," Dadis said through tears as she read from a written statement.
She recently filed a report with police, and Los Angeles prosecutors said Monday that her case is under review.
Seagal's attorney Anthony Falangetti did not immediately return a message seeking comment.
Dadis, now a 33-year-old doctoral candidate in clinical neuroscience, said she had recently moved to the U.S. from the Netherlands when a music producer introduced her to Seagal. After several phone calls and text messages, Seagal invited Dadis to a hotel room in Beverly Hills for the late-night casting session for a film he planned to make about Genghis Khan, Dadis said.
Dadis brought a family friend because her mother was suspicious, but the person stayed in the lobby and she ended up in a room with only Seagal and his personal security guard.
Seagal had told her to wear a bikini or bra and panties under her clothes, and had her walk around the room in the bikini before saying he wanted to test their chemistry together and started touching her, Dadis said.
"Steven sat there calmly as if nothing had happened while I was noticeably upset and terrified by the experience," she said. "I left feeling horrified and totally violated."
She said she told friends after about a month, but did not go to authorities at the time because she feared being blacklisted in the entertainment industry. She said Seagal later called her, but she never accepted the calls.
Dadis said she was inspired by the recent wave of reports of sexual misconduct by men in the entertainment industry, and was spurred to come forward especially by actress Portia de Rossi saying Seagal once unzipped his pants during an audition with her.
Dadis spoke at the news conference alongside her attorney, Lisa Bloom, and another woman, Regina Simons, who said Seagal sexually assaulted her in 1995 when she was 18, allegations she previously made on NBC's "Megyn Kelly Today" in January.
Actress Jenny McCarthy has also said Seagal sexually harassed her at an audition in 1995.
After her interview with McCarthy, Seagal said on his Facebook page that he had never met Simons and her story was fabricated, and he has denied the allegations of the other actresses.
Bloom said there are no immediate plans for lawsuits.
A Sleaford man has been arrested and charged following a late-night two vehicle collision on Grantham Road in Sleaford.
Benjamin Wright, 25, of Buttler Way Sleaford, has been charged with driving a vehicle over the alcohol limit and failing to stop after an accident.
He has been released on bail to attend Lincoln Magistrates on July 27.
Emergency services were called to a crash on Grantham Road in the town at 10.27pm last night (Tuesday).
A police spokesman said: “One vehicle, a blue Ford Mondeo, failed to stop at the scene and the driver, a man in his 20's, was located and arrested following a positive Breathalyzer test on Grantham Road at 11.50pm.”
Fire crews arrived on scene and removed the rear seats and lowered a seat in a blue VW Golf also involved in the collision and used a spinal board to remove one person from the car.
The driver and passenger in the Golf were treated by paramedics for minor injuries, say police.
The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research poll on Donald Trump and Russia was conducted by NORC on June 8-11. It is based on online and telephone interviews of 1,068 adults who are members of NORC's nationally representative AmeriSpeak panel.
The original sample was drawn from respondents selected randomly from NORC's National Frame based on address-based sampling and recruited by mail, email, telephone and face-to-face interviews.
NORC interviews participants over the phone if they don't have internet access. With a probability basis and coverage of people who can't access the internet, surveys using AmeriSpeak are nationally representative.
Interviews were conducted in English and Spanish.
As is done routinely in surveys, results were weighted, or adjusted, to ensure that responses accurately reflect the population's makeup by factors such as age, sex, race, education, region and phone use.
No more than 1 time in 20 should chance variations in the sample cause the results to vary by more than plus or minus 4.q percentage points from the answers that would be obtained if all adults in the U.S. were polled.
There are other sources of potential error in polls, including the wording and order of questions.
The questions and results are available at http://www.apnorc.org/
The perfect pool accessory is here and just in time to make a splash this summer!
Bark Shop and Funboy have teamed up to create matching inflatable rafts specifically designed for dog owners and their pups.
Courtesy BARK Shop
The adorable rafts come in two styles, a pink convertible and a white yacht with a gold racing stripe, and are $59 each.
Each dog float features thick "puncture resistant material and a reinforced compartment for treats or toys," according to Bark Shop.
Courtesy BARK Shop
One reviewer who shared a photo of her Maltipoo lounging on the white yacht said she got the float for trips to the lake. The dogs will go in "but don't really like the water," she said.
"This float is the winner - great quality and the boys were actually able to lay down and relax even when it was quite wavy," she added.
Courtesy BARK Shop
The dog-sized pool lounger can hold up to 70 pounds, so it's best-suited for small- to medium-furry friends.
ISLAMABAD (AP) — The Islamic State group and the Taliban are competing to take credit for a horrific spike in violence in Afghanistan over the last month, and analysts say both insurgent groups are growing in strength as security forces wither under their relentless attacks and a feuding government struggles to win over citizens.
Still, the two insurgent groups embrace different agendas and are at war with each other as well as the Afghan government, analysts say.
Recent large-scale attacks, which have included both suicide bombings and small arms fire, have left nearly 200 people dead and hundreds more wounded. Insurgents have targeted seemingly heavily secure areas in the heart of the Afghan capital, including an Afghan military academy on Monday and a hotel, owned by the government and frequented by foreigners, earlier this month. Using an ambulance to hide their deadly cargo, insurgents slipped passed checkpoints in Kabul's heavily fortified center on Saturday to kill more than 100 people. They also targeted an international aid organization in eastern Jalalabad and a Shiite cultural center in Kabul.
Afghan Security Forces seem powerless against the onslaught.
Insurgents share the same goal of delegitimizing the governments they are fighting against, said Andrew Wilder, vice president of Asia programs at the U.S. Institute of Peace. However, in Afghanistan the similarity between IS and the Taliban ends there. Beyond toppling the Afghan government, the Islamic State affiliate and the Taliban have divergent goals, and where the Taliban are seen as possible negotiation partners in a search for peace, the IS is not.
The two groups have occasionally clashed on the battlefield.
"The Taliban and IS are clearly competitors in the Afghan arena," said Thomas Ruttig, whose Afghan Analysts network has deep knowledge of the country and has conducted nationwide studies into a myriad of issues confounding the country, including the IS and Taliban.
"The Taliban I see as 'national Islamists' while the IS is 'Internationalist,'" he said, dismissing reports of collaboration between the two insurgent groups, attributing them to rumors and bickering in northern Afghanistan within the Taliban.
Ruttig said Taliban fighters in northern Afghanistan recently flew the IS flag after the Taliban leadership ordered them to hand over their tax collection revenue to the governing Taliban shura or council. A major source of revenue for the Taliban is the tax or tolls they charge local residents for safe passage or to move legal as well as illegal commodities to market.
"The groups in the north are a separate phenomenon. There, Taliban commanders have switched to use IS insignia, but the trigger was conflict over transferring taxes to the central leadership," said Ruttig.
Brian Glyn Williams, author of "Counter Jihad, The American Military Experience in Afghanistan, Iraq and Syria," buttressed reports of the enmity that characterizes the Taliban/IS relationship, saying, "their relationship is more defined by open warfare."
While loosely constructed, the Taliban since the death of its supreme leader Mullah Mohammed Omar several years ago are mostly comprised of ethnic Pashtuns and Arab speaking nationals with ties to al-Qaida.
The strongest fighting force within the Taliban is the Haqqani network, which has been blamed for the most audacious attacks in Kabul. The Haqqani network has historical ties to Pakistan's powerful ISI spy agency and both the United States and Afghanistan accuse Pakistan of providing sanctuary for Taliban fighters, a claim Islamabad denies. Pakistan in turn has blamed some of the most horrific attacks in Pakistan on IS affiliate insurgents in Afghanistan, accusing Kabul of allowing them space to plot their attacks.
Meanwhile, the IS affiliate known as IS in Khorasan Province, named for the ancient region that once included Afghanistan, parts of Iran and Central Asia, is a toxic mix of disgruntled Taliban, ferocious Pakistani Taliban, who have sworn allegiance to IS against Pakistan, as well as Uzbeks, mostly from the Islamic movement of Uzbekistan terror group.
The success of the U.S. and its allies in driving Islamic State fighters out of Iraq and Syria has pushed many toward Afghanistan, said Williams. Bolstering their ranks, he said, is Afghanistan's own Uzbek population living in northern Afghanistan, who have been drifting toward the IS affiliate as a protracted feud between President Ashraf Ghani and his vice president and Uzbek warlord, Rashid Dostum deepens.
Dostum has been living in Turkey since last year when he and his bodyguards were accused of kidnapping and sexually assaulting Ahmad Eshchi, a former ally turned enemy. Ghani prevented Dostum's return to Afghanistan, refusing to allow his plane to land in northern Mazar-e-Sharif. Dostum's absence as a strongman for Afghanistan's Uzbeks has prompted many to join IS, said Williams.
He said as many as 3,000 Afghan Uzbeks may have joined the IS affiliate already believed to have several thousand Uzbeks from central Asia.
The role of Afghanistan's neighbors further muddies the insurgent landscape, say those familiar with the region.
Pakistan, widely blamed for the Taliban's longevity as a fighting force, is aided by both Russia and Iran, who fear an IS stronghold in Afghanistan.
"Pakistan has a deep interest in ensuring that the Taliban doesn't partner with (the Islamic State group)," said Michael Kugelman, deputy director of the Asia Program at the U.S.-based Wilson Center. "There's good reason to believe that Russia and also Iran have provided levels of support to the Taliban."
"The last thing Russia and Iran want are a resurgent (IS) in their broader backyard," he said.
Source: Pravda.Ru photo archive
A group of slave merchants, who were trafficking Ukrainian citizens to the UK, was uncovered in Lithuania.
According to the State Border Guard Service of Lithuania, law-enforcers from Lithuania, Ukraine, Great Britain, Poland and Latvia participated in the special operation. They detained three men, in whose house they found eight people, who were intended to be "sold" to Europe.
The victims had neither money nor documents with them. The criminals promised to bring them to the UK, but the victims were left unaware that they would have to work like slaves in the foreign country without having any rights for anything.
The criminals were arrested for three months. If convicted, they may face prison terms from 4 to 12 years.
Many Ukrainians escape from their country mostly to Poland and Lithuania. For many Ukrainians, moving to the UK is a "cherished dream." European "friends" of Ukraine have taken advantage of the situation and willingly hire cheap labor force from Ukraine.
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
South Carolina prison officials have for years blamed cellphones for contributing to inmate violence. After a bloody riot left seven inmates dead at a maximum-security prison last week, they again find themselves asking federal officials to grant waivers and change laws to let them block the signals of these contraband devices.
Gov. Henry McMaster issued an executive order Monday easing hiring rules for new corrections officers. McMaster said a shortage of officers was allowing contraband to flow freely into the state's prisons, provoking often deadly inmate battles.
But some who have spent time in and around the prisons say it is not a lack of corrections officers — but the inaction and collusion of those already on the job — that has led to the abundance of contraband. Because cellphones are so plentiful, these people argue, they are rarely the cause of violence between inmates.
"From the moment I got to Lee, access to a cell(phone) was a non-issue," said an inmate at Lee Correctional Institution who has been using a mobile phone to correspond with The Associated Press for months via social media. "You see the guys out in the common areas ... with their phones, and nobody bothers (them). The drugs and cellphones are so plentiful that almost NO fights or stabbings are about that — at all."
The inmate has been communicating with the AP on condition of anonymity for fear of reprisal from other inmates and punishment from authorities. The Lee Correctional Institution was the site of last week's deadly riots .
Elizabeth Franklin-Best, a criminal defense attorney who has represented many inmates housed in South Carolina's prison system, confirmed the prisoner's account.
"They all have them," she said, referring to inmates and cellphones. She said whenever she asks clients how they get them, "the answer is the same: It's corrections officers bringing them in."
Franklin-Best said her clients have told her that in one instance, the phones were hidden in frozen containers of soup, while in another, a prison chaplain tucked contraband inside his piano.
Some officers have been charged in recent months with furnishing contraband to inmates.
"I'm not saying that there aren't correctional officers who do it, or that there aren't correctional officers who will turn a blind eye to it once it's inside, but I think that it's a small percentage," said Ryan Alphin, executive director of the South Carolina Law Enforcement Officers' Association.
South Carolina's Department of Corrections has long banned inmates from possessing cellphones, saying they pose a top security threat because they can help inmates commit crimes, such as coordinating drug distribution or plotting violent uprisings.
Cellphones are among the hottest items on a hopping black market in prison, fetching up to $1,000 apiece, the inmate said. Phones command high prices because, in addition to possibly facilitating crimes, they allow inmates to keep in touch with family, friends and each other, all without supervision by prison officials who otherwise monitor outgoing communications, according to agency officials.
Inmates are hungry for a black market where they can buy and sell contraband because few have the money to pay for any privileges or items available inside the prison, said state Rep. Justin Bamberg, an attorney who has represented families of inmates killed in prison incidents. Prison jobs that allow inmates to earn a few dollars are scarce.
"The cost to an inmate to make a call from a contraband cellphone is less than it is to make a call from the prison phone," Bamberg said. "They either have to have somebody putting money on their books for them, which a lot aren't able to do, or they have to do what they have to do on the inside to make a little money."
In recent years, Corrections officials have taken several steps to stop phones from flowing in: Visitors go through entry screening; netting has been installed to catch items thrown over fences; and authorities have lobbied legislators to ban drones that could deliver contraband. They also have hired sheriff's departments and South Carolina State Guardsmen to patrol outside prisons.
A person familiar with the operations of the Corrections Department has told AP that delivery trucks — which are supposed to be inspected while entering prison grounds — often ferry cellphones and other contraband.
"These trucks are usually 18-wheelers full of products and boxes, impossible for even the best corrections officer to search and locate all the hidden spots, not to mention all the boxes," said the person, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the issue. Once the trucks are inside, inmates unload them, remove the hidden contraband and store it in the prison, with "almost no oversight," the person said.
In the canteen where inmates purchase snacks and toiletries, "the inmate and only the inmate is in charge of all inventory and has keys to where the product is located," the person said.
The inmate who has been corresponding with the AP said it would be very difficult to find and dispose of all the cellphones now inside prisons.
"There are unused phones in walls, ceilings, buried outside, stashed in food, EVERYWHERE," the prisoner said.
———
Kinnard can be reached at http://twitter.com/MegKinnardAP. Read more of her work at https://apnews.com/search/meg%20kinnard.
It's a hot holiday week for most of the nation -- with dangerous fire conditions in the West and a seemingly never-ending heat wave in the Northeast.There are 63 large wildfires burning across the nation with most of them in the Western states from Texas to California There is further bad news for the West, with some of the hottest temperatures of the year expected.Numerous heat watches and fire warnings have been issued in the West. Gusty winds up to 40 mph and relative humidity down to 5 percent is forecast for parts of the West for Wednesday and Thursday.As we head into Friday, temperatures will soar into the 100s even in Los Angeles.In the eastern U.S., especially for Midwest, the peak of the heat wave will be today.The heat index -- or what the temperature feels like -- from Kansas to Massachusetts on Wednesday will be blistering. It will be nearly 100 degrees in Minneapolis and over 100 in Cincinnati, where both cities are under excessive heat warnings.Humidity will make it feel like mid to upper 90s along the I-95 corridor. Washington, D.C., could be near 100 degrees again as they celebrate the nation's birth.But there is good news -- some much cooler and drier air is on the way for the eastern U.S.By Friday, Chicago will be down into the 70s and by Saturday that cool air will reach New York City, where temperatures will also slip into the 70s.
In Toronto, Tyler Bozak's tip-in put a charge into the Air Canada Centre. Ditto with Nashville when the Predators scored in OT for another win over Chicago.
They had some extra fun in Boston and Calgary, too, before Ottawa and Anaheim finally broke through.
There are few thrills quite like overtime playoff hockey, and the NHL hasn't had a night with this sort of excitement in more than 30 years. All four postseason games Monday went to OT for the first time since April 10, 1985, according to the Elias Sports Bureau. The only other time it happened before that was April 11, 1980.
"Those are the most fun games to play, definitely" Bozak said.
There's been fun to go around in these playoffs.
Eleven of 24 postseason games have gone to overtime in the first round, including all three games between Toronto and Washington and two between Ottawa and Boston. All eight first-round series have included at least one OT finish. The record for an entire postseason is 17 overtime games in 2013.
And with underdogs like Nashville, Toronto and St. Louis threatening early upsets, these playoffs are getting an extra boost.
"It was a 10," Predators coach Peter Laviolette said of the atmosphere Monday. "I'm not sure there's another place like it."
Nashville got its win behind a backhand goal from 20-year-old Kevin Fiala 16:44 into OT, the longest game of the night. Fiala and teammates Mike Fisher and James Neal jumped together into the end boards to celebrate a 3-0 series lead over the top-seeded Blackhawks.
The quickest end came in Calgary, where Anaheim stunned the Flames. Perry scored 90 seconds into extra time, helping the Ducks rally from three-goals down to win — a first in the team's postseason history. Around the Saddledome, fans in red sweaters threw up their arms in frustration before quietly making their way to the exits.
Boston's TD Garden crowd didn't disperse so easily. Bobby Ryan's winner came on the power play following a disputed roughing call against the Bruins' Riley Nash, and fans rained boos on the officials and threw items onto the ice in protest.
And then there's the party in Toronto, which hadn't hosted a playoff game since 2013. Bozak's goal 1:37 into overtime, putting the Leafs ahead of Washington 2-1 in their first-round series. Bozak celebrated by jumping on Nazem Kadri, who passed the puck to set up the winner, and then the pair was mobbed by the rest of the squad.
"It's a lot of emotion," Bozak said. "You just want to be with your teammates and celebrate."
———
More AP hockey: https://apnews.com/NHLhockey
TOKYO (AP) — Fujifilm Holdings and Xerox Corp. say the Japanese company will take over Xerox in a restructuring intended to slash costs.
The companies said Wednesday that Fuji Xerox, their 56-year-old joint venture, will combine with Xerox. Fujifilm Holdings will own 50.1 percent of Xerox's shares
They said that through restructuring and other reforms, they expect to save $1.7 billion a year by 2022.
The deal calls for Xerox shareholders to receive a $2.5 billion special cash dividend, or approximately $9.801 per share. Xerox will own 49.9 of the combined company.
The companies said they intend to expand in lucrative business areas such as high-speed inkjet printers, industrial printing, using Fujifilm's technologies.
The companies said Jeff Jacobson, President & CEO of 112-year-old Xerox, is due to be CEO of New Fuji Xerox.
HARARE, Zimbabwe (AP) — Scoreboard on Wednesday at the end of the T20 tri-series match between Zimbabwe and Pakistan at Harare Sports Club:
Zimbabwe
Cephas Zhuwao b Ashraf 24
Solomon Mire c Khan b Talat 94
Hamilton Masakadza b Khan 2
Tarisai Musakanda c Malik b Amir 33
Elton Chigumbura not out 5
Malcolm Waller not out 0
Extras: (1lb, 3w) 4
TOTAL: (for 4 wickets) 162
Overs: 20.
Fall of wickets: 1-49, 2-82, 3-146, 4-161
Did not bat: Peter Moor, Tendai Chisoro, Chris Mpofu, Wellington Masakadza, Blessing Muzarabani.
Bowling: Shoaib Malik 1-0-12-0, Mohammad Amir 4-0-25-1, Hasan Ali 4-0-37-0, Faheem Ashraf 4-0-24-1, Shadab Khan 3-0-28-1 (1w), Mohammad Nawaz 3-0-25-0, Hussain Talat 1-0-10-1 (2w)
Pakistan
Fakhar Zaman c Mpofu b Mire 47
Haris Sohail c Mire b Wellington Masakadza 16
Hussain Talat c Zhuwao b Mpofu 44
Sarfraz Ahmed not out 38
Shoaib Malik not out 12
Extras: (6w) 6
TOTAL: (for 3 wickets) 163
Overs: 19.1.
Fall of wickets: 1-58, 2-95, 3-138
Did not bat: Asif Ali, Shadab Khan, Faheem Ashraf, Mohammad Nawaz, Hasan Ali, Mohammad Amir
Bowling: Tendai Chisoro 4-0-38-0, Blessing Muzarabani 4-0-31-0 (1w), Chris Mpofu 3.1-0-31-1 (4w), Wellington Masakadza 4-0-30-1, Malcolm Waller 2-0-18-0, Solomon Mire 2-0-15-1 (1w)
Toss: Pakistan.
Result: Pakistan won by 7 wickets.
Umpires: Langton Rusere, Zimbabwe, and Iknow Chabi, Zimbabwe
TV umpire: Russell Tiffin, Zimbabwe. Match referee: Jeff Crowe, New Zealand.
AMSTERDAM--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Gemalto, the world leader in digital security, can today reveal that it has partnered with Casio, one of the world's leading manufacturers of consumer electronics products and business equipment solutions, to enable Casio to seamlessly bring digital education into the classroom and beyond.
This move will help Casio continue its leadership in classroom technology, fuelled by trends including increased use of connected devices, remote learning and the gamification of education, at the same time maximising revenues and streamlining business operations. With the implementation of Gemalto Sentinel Entitlement Management System (EMS) and software license Rights Management System (RMS) solutions, Casio will have an enhanced understanding of how their software features are being used in the classroom.
Founded in 1957, Casio released the world's first personal calculator and has gone on to produce a variety of products including calculators, watches, electronic dictionaries, electronic musical instruments, digital cameras and system equipment. Now, with Gemalto technology, the Tokyo headquartered manufacturer has been able to ensure its scientific calculators can be used by educators around the world who are moving away from traditional teaching methods and incorporating digital technologies into their classrooms.
“While the majority of our business revolves around hardware, we are seeing great growth opportunity in software business, and we needed to find a way to expand and enrich our own model to meet our customers' needs,” said Tomoaki Satoh, General Manager, Product Planning Department, Consumer & Educational Solution Product Division for Casio. “Now, thanks to Gemalto's advanced technology and insights, we've been able to address new markets, streamline our fulfilment process, improve efficiency, and reduce operational costs. We are looking forward to growing together through collaboration and cooperation.”
After implementing Gemalto Sentinel Entitlement Management System (EMS) and software license Rights Management System (RMS) solutions, Casio is now a successful hardware and software-enabled company. Utilising RMS to ensure control and visibility on how its education software is being used and EMS to maximise revenues and streamline business operations, Casio has cemented its future as a market leader in both education hardware and software.
Combining both solutions has enabled the company to tailor its offerings to different markets with one and three-year licenses, to fit in with student needs, as well as a 90-day trial version available. Sales will be boosted through the development of the website for electronic distribution and existing sales channels.
“The education sector is changing to a more digital focus and companies operating in this space need to change with it,” said Shlomo Weiss, senior vice president of Software Monetization at Gemalto. “Through this business transformation, our technology will enable Casio to meet the demands of its customers and offer an innovative service that can meet these emerging trends.”
Additional Resources:
To learn more about how software is powering the hardware Renaissance, visit our research website To learn more about Gemalto Sentinel RMS and EMS solutions , click here.
About Gemalto
Gemalto (Euronext NL0000400653 GTO) is the global leader in digital security, with 2017 annual revenues of €3 billion and customers in over 180 countries. We bring trust to an increasingly connected world.
From secure software to biometrics and encryption, our technologies and services enable businesses and governments to authenticate identities and protect data so they stay safe and enable services in personal devices, connected objects, the cloud and in between.
Gemalto's solutions are at the heart of modern life, from payment to enterprise security and the internet of things. We authenticate people, transactions and objects, encrypt data and create value for software – enabling our clients to deliver secure digital services for billions of individuals and things.
Our 15,000 employees operate out of 114 offices, 40 personalization and data centers, and 35 research and software development centers located in 47 countries.
For more information visit www.gemalto.com, or follow @gemalto on Twitter.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005700/en/
CONTACT: Gemalto media contacts:
Tauri Cox, +1 512 257 3916
North America
tauri.cox@gemalto.com
or
Sophie Dombres, +33 4 42 55 36 57 38
Europe Middle East & Africa
sophie.dombres@gemalto.com
or
Jaslin Huang, +65 6317 3005
Asia Pacific
jaslin.huang@gemalto.com
or
Enriqueta Sedano, +52 5521221422
Latin America
enriqueta.sedano@gemalto.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES EUROPE NORTH AMERICA CANADA NETHERLANDS NEW YORK
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: EDUCATION PRIMARY/SECONDARY TECHNOLOGY CONSUMER ELECTRONICS HARDWARE
SOURCE: Gemalto
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 01:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 01:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005700/en
A military helicopter crashed at a golf course in Leonardtown, Maryland, a spokesperson for the Maryland State Police told ABC News.
The police are currently assisting with a medical evacuation following the incident.
This is a developing story. Please check back for updates.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Lawmakers spend their careers eying coveted committee chairmanships, angling for the chance at the perks and power that came with the top spot.
New Jersey Republican Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen is bowing out after one term.
Frelinghuysen's announcement Monday that he would not seek re-election, giving up the chairmanship of the House Appropriations Committee, punctuated the dwindling prestige and influence of the positions once consider an apex of power on Capitol Hill. Term limits, legislative dysfunction and gridlock-inducing polarization have gradually tarnished the very chairmanships that are so prized.
"Before the farm bill and my tenure as chairman, I had neither grey hair nor did I take hypertension medicine. I now have both for the rest of my life," said former House Agriculture Committee Chairman Frank Lucas, R-Okla. "Right now you have to deal with a situation where you have the extreme demands of the left on one side of the room and the extreme demands of the right on the other side."
Frelinghuysen is the eighth House committee chair to head for the exits, and a striking case study for the dynamics at play.
The New Jersey Republican became chairman of the Appropriations Committee last year after serving for several years as chairman of its defense subcommittee.
But Frelinghuysen's year in charge of the panel has been frustrating. In theory, he manages the process of doling out one-third the federal budget. But he's had scant success on that front. Although he helped successfully negotiate a catchall spending bill last spring, the appropriations process for the ongoing budget year has been hamstrung by delays in the Senate and faces the very real danger of running aground completely amid an unrelated months-long battle over immigration.
"Serving as chairman of the Appropriations Committee is a difficult and sometimes thankless job," said Rep. Nita Lowey of New York, the panel's top Democrat.
There have been fewer thank-yous since a series of GOP reforms changed the rules. In a push to curb corruption in 2010, Republicans officially banned "earmarks," severally limiting lawmakers' capacity to direct tens or even hundreds of millions to one's district or state for "earmarked" pet projects. The earmarks were a prerogative of the chairman, both to bolster his political standing at home and to court votes with fellow lawmakers of either party.
House GOP rules mean chairmen cycle through six-year terms, which also counts time as ranking minority member. Chairmen are selected by a leadership panel that takes factors such as fundraising and conservative litmus tests into consideration.
Old-timers such as former Rep. Jack Kingston, R-Ga., say the system centralizes legislative authority with party leaders, who are often less versed in the nuts and bolts of legislation and have little appreciation for the committee's bipartisan traditions.
"I often would laugh, express frustration together with Rosa DeLauro, who's as liberal as she can be," Kingston recalled of one of his Democratic counterparts on Appropriations until he left Congress in 2015. "We said if leadership of both parties would get the heck out of the way, we could get something done."
Other chairmen, such as Jeb Hensarling, R-Texas, of Financial Services and Bob Goodlatte, R-Va., of Judiciary are leaving after being forced to yield their gavels next year under term limit rules. They were denied signature wins under President Barack Obama — but they have not managed such wins under President Donald Trump, at least so far. They'd rather leave Congress than return to the rank and file.
A moderate Republican in both his politics and temperament, Frelinghuysen was first elected in the 1994 GOP wave that put Republicans in control of both chambers. He hails from a New Jersey political dynasty that dates to the late 1700s. His father, Peter Frelinghuysen, served in the House for two decades.
Unlike several other GOP chairmen to announce their retirements after running up against GOP term limit rules for panel heads, Frelinghuysen had years to go as Appropriations chair — assuming Republicans retain control of the House in the 2018 midterm elections. But he angered some conservative lawmakers over votes against the GOP tax overhaul measure last year and his opposition to an initial version of the party's effort to repeal Obama's health care law.
Trump's sagging popularity is weighing on once-safe Republicans in educated, wealthier suburban districts such as Frelinghuysen's, where some residents could be negatively affected by provisions in the new tax law that went into effect this year.
Still, Frelinghuysen's vote against the GOP's tax law was highly unusual and was seen as a signal of his political vulnerability. And it was unheard of for such a high-ranking chairman to buck the leadership line on such a major vote.
Among the leading Democrats for Frelinghuysen's seat is former federal prosecutor and former Navy helicopter pilot Mikie Sherrill. She raised more than $1.2 million through Dec. 31 and has the backing of local party leaders.
Republican insiders say Frelinghuysen's decision wasn't entirely a surprise. They say several potential candidates could build viable campaigns quickly.
Among the possible GOP candidates are three state lawmakers: Assemblyman Jay Webber, Assemblyman Anthony M. Bucco and Sen. Joe Pennacchio. Another prominent name mentioned is attorney Rosemary Becchi.
Frelinghuysen's district had long leaned Republican but was carried only narrowly by Trump in 2016. Nonpartisan analysts say Democrats have a good chance to grab it in this year's midterms.
Frelinghuysen took the lead in the House in a difficult 2013 effort to provide about $60 billion to help New Jersey and other northeastern states recovery from Superstorm Sandy.
"Public service is an incredible way to turn your convictions into something that serves the greater good and to do it alongside people from every walk of life and background," Frelinghuysen said.
___
Associated Press writer Bill Barrow in Atlanta contributed to this report.
The California Highway Patrol temporarily shut down westbound I-580 near San Quentin tonight to search for evidence in a reported freeway shooting.Traffic was being diverted at Main Street to Francisco Boulevard.CHP officers responded to a call of a possible freeway shooting in the area of westbound I-580 at Main Street after a victim reported an occupant in another car brandished a handgun and fired a shot at their vehicle.The CHP says an inspection of the vehicle showed damage consistent with a bullet hitting the side.The westbound lanes were reopened around 7:30 p.m.
SIOUX FALLS, S.D. (AP) — Chicago rapper Chief Keef has been released from a jail in South Dakota where he was charged with marijuana possession.
The rapper, whose legal name is Keith Cozart, was arrested Monday at the Sioux Falls Regional Airport where officials say marijuana was found in his carry-on bag.
Cozart is facing a felony charge for possessing a marijuana edible and two misdemeanors for possessing marijuana and drug paraphernalia. He appeared Tuesday in a Sioux Falls court where a judge set bond at $2,000. The Minnehaha County Jail said Wednesday that Cozart is no longer in custody.
Cozart performed on Sunday at an anti-bullying celebrity basketball event at the University of Sioux Falls.
Comments
comments
CINCINNATI (AP) — An Ohio prosecutor says a man on trial for aggravated murder wrapped duct tape around his neighbor's face because she was too noisy and kept him awake.
Testimony began Tuesday in Cincinnati for the trial of 29-year-old Kayle Taylor. He's charged with killing 54-year-old Tammy Wiley in July 2016.
WXIX-TV reports Assistant Hamilton County Prosecutor Jackie Stachowiak told jurors during opening statements Wiley's face was wrapped in duct tape and that she choked to death on vomit.
Taylor's attorney said drugs caused Wiley's death and that cellphone records indicate Taylor was at work when she died. Toxicology tests showed Wiley, who had Stage 4 cancer, had fentanyl in her system.
Stachowiak said investigators found Taylor's shoe print in Wiley's apartment and a matching roll of duct tape in his residence.
___
Information from: WXIX-TV, http://www.fox19.com
UEFA draws for Champions and Europa Leagues with analysis
UEFA draws for Champions and Europa Leagues with analysis
This is SPARTAK!
The draw has been made for the Champions and Europa Leagues knock-out phases. We present the next matches to be played and the UEFA club coefficients. February 13/14 and March 6/7 for the Champions. The Europa League games take place on February 15/22.
Russia's four teams in the Europa League are Zenit (which plays with Celtic of Scotland, Zenit being the favourite); Spartak Moskva plays with Athletic Bilbao (Spain) which starts as the favourite; Lokomotiv Moskva is the favourite against Nice (France) and finally, CSKA Moskva should beat Crvena Zvezda of Serbia. Spartak however is playing some good football and improving. Will we see the four teams going through to the last 16? Go, Spartak!
Champions League
According to the UEFA club coefficients, the following clubs should pass to the last 8: Manchester City, Bayern München, Barcelona, Juventus, Sevilla, Shakhtar Donetsk, FC Porto, Real Madrid.
Club - Country - UEFA Ranking
Basel (Switzerland) 18 v. Manchester City (England) 8
Bayern München (Germany) 3 v. Besiktas (Turkey) 23
Chelsea (England) 12 v. Barcelona (Spain) 2
Juventus (Italy) 5 v. Tottenham Hotspur (England) 19
Sevilla (Spain) 7 v. Manchester United (England) 11
Shakhtar Donetsk (Ukraine) 15 v. Roma (Italy) 25
FC Porto (Portugal) 9 v. Liverpool (England) 31
Real Madrid (Spain) 1 v. PSG (France) 6
Europa League
Club - Country - UEFA Ranking
Astana (Kazakhstan) 67 v. Sporting CP (Portugal) 44
Partizan (Serbia) 80 v. Plzen (Czech Republic) 51
Ludogorets (Bulgaria) 37 v. AC Milan (Italy) 59
AEK (Greece) 146 v. Dinamo Kyiv (Ukraine) 22
Lyon (France) 28 v. Villarreal (Spain) 30
Kobenhavn (Denmark) 41 v. Atlético Madrid (Spain) 4
FCSB (Romania) 55 v. Lazio (Italy) 43
Crvena Zvezda (Serbia) 124 v. CSKA Moskva (Russia) 36
Marseille (France) 74 v. Sporting Braga (Portugal) 50
Östersund (Sweden) 145 v. Arsenal (England) 13
Nice (France) 113 v. Lokomotiv Moskva (Russia) 75
Real Sociedad (Spain) 71 v. Salzburg (Austria) 34
Napoli (Italy) 16 v. Leipzig (Germany) 99
Spartak Moskva (Russia) 112 v. Athletic Bilbao (Spain) 33
Celtic (Scotland) 48 v. Zenit (Russia) 17
Dortmund (Germany) 10 v. Atalanta (Italy) 92
Photo:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Stadium_Spartak_in_Moscow.jpg
Europa League 2017/18 First round
http://www.pravdareport.com/news/society/08-12-2017/139335-0/
Champions League 2017/18 First round
http://www.pravdareport.com/news/society/07-12-2017/139319-champions_league-0/
NEW YORK & TOKYO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--RIMES Technologies, the leading provider of managed data services and RegTech solutions, has signed an Agreement with Nomura Research Institute (NRI), a global provider of system solutions and consulting services. Under the terms of the Agreement, NRI will be responsible for first-line customer support activities related to RIMES' industry-leading Managed Data Service in Japan. In addition, NRI will drive new sales of RIMES' services to asset managers, brokers, banks and insurance providers in Japan.
Thanks to the Agreement, Japanese firms will be able to leverage NRI's strong local presence and in-depth local knowledge while continuing to use all the usual features of the RIMES Managed Data Service, including RIMES' second-to-none global data coverage. RIMES, meanwhile, will continue to maintain all elements of its software, data and relationships with its Data Partners.
Douglas Garrity, Chief Data Officer & Director at RIMES, commented: “We're looking to rapidly grow our business in Japan, which represents a particularly significant geography for us, and we're committed to providing end-users with the best possible service. Our new partnership with NRI means that firms in Japan can now benefit from both our industry-leading cloud technology and financial data expertise and NRI's extensive local presence and unrivalled knowledge of the Japanese market.”
Hideo Komuro, General Manager, Nomura Research Institute, commented: “By working together, RIMES and NRI will be better able to serve customers and build a strong foundation for future growth. RIMES offers firms world-leading managed data services that significantly reduce the cost and complexity of data management. Bringing these capabilities together with our deep knowledge of the operational challenges faced by firms in Japan makes for a powerful proposition, and one that will resonate well in the market.”
The RIMES Managed Data Service provides global data coverage, and consists of the RIMES Benchmark Data Service which delivers data in a validated, customized feed that is completely ready‐to‐use in any in‐house or third‐party system, and the RIMES Reference Data Service which boosts efficiencies by delivering high quality reference data in a prompt and transparent manner from multiple data vendors. Through our suite of services, customers' data is sourced, validated, and transformed into true end-user-ready feeds for every destination system – a more efficient alternative to managing data in-house, while also meeting the strict governance requirements of financial services firms.
#ends#
About RIMES
Founded in 1996, RIMES is an award winning managed data services and RegTech solutions provider that truly understands the data management and compliance challenges faced by its clients. It serves over 350 asset managers, owners, servicers and banks in 40 countries including 60 of the 100 largest global asset managers and 9 of the 10 largest asset servicers by TAUM.
For more information, visit www.rimes.com
About NRI
Founded in 1965, NRI is a leading global provider of system solutions and consulting services with annual sales exceeding $3.7 billion. NRI offers clients holistic support of all aspects of operations from back- to front-office, with NRI's research expertise and innovative solutions as well as understanding of operational challenges faced by financial services firms. Clients include broker-dealers, asset managers, banks and insurance providers. NRI has its offices globally including New York, London, Tokyo, Hong Kong and Singapore, with over 12,000 employees.
For more information, visit https://www.nri.com/fit/
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006103/en/
CONTACT: RIMES
Alessandro Ferrari
Marketing@rimes.com
+44(0)2031707303
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES ASIA PACIFIC NORTH AMERICA NEW YORK JAPAN
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES BANKING FINANCE
SOURCE: RIMES
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 10:00 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 10:01 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006103/en
San Francisco police are seeking the public's help in identifying a man suspected of blinding a woman with bleach last month.
The unidentified 53-year-old victim told authorities she got into an argument with the suspect outside a liquor store in the Tenderloin district on July 30.
He left after they argued but police have said he came back a short time later and poured bleach on her.
Police released surveillance images Friday showing the suspect fleeing on a red mountain bike.
Police say the woman suffered eye injuries in the attack and lost her vision.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Flashing blue wigs? Safety goggles? Lab coat? Check.
Meet the Robopandas.
“When I was in kindergarten, I always saw them as like this dream team,” Nolan Reinhardt, 10, told CBS2's Vanessa Murdock.
These bright minds, who are our future, are all fifth-graders at P.S. 94 in Little Neck, Queens.
They've been hard at work for months — coming in before school and on weekends, too — to prep their research and robot to make sure everything's perfect for their first-ever Lego League competition this weekend.
“We get to know more about the world,” said Lily Lu, 10.
This year's theme is hydrodynamics.
Coach Ellie Glus said her students put in the time to solve the issue of flash-flooding and combined sewer overflows in the city.
“They are 10 years old, but they have embraced this research, the world problem and solution, wholeheartedly,” Glus said.
Their Moat-o-Swale uses a mixture of wood chips and soil to capture rainwater. Students claim they have the research to prove it works better than what's most commonly used now.
“With just top soil, it's so compact, that the water does not go down as fast, as it causes mosquito breeding problems,” Reinhardt said.
And then there is their aquabot. It runs on a script the kids wrote.
“We're basically telling it what to do,” said Kellen Yu, 11. “They're reading instructions, the robot, and it goes off and does what the instructions tell it to do.”
They've programmed their robot to complete five runs, and each is worth points.
“Making levers drop, turning wheels,” Reinhardt said.
It can also turn on water and replace pipes.
On Friday, they presented their hard work to their schoolmates. They wowed the crowd — and their principal, too.
“The science and the analytical thinking that they're bringing with them to middle school, high school and college, and I think all of us here are most proud of that,” said Principal Laura Avakians.
Eric Leem, 10, said he has learned that “working together can resolve more things than working by yourself.”
“I'm feeling very proud,” Jack said.
The Lego League competition takes place Saturday at Horace Mann School in the Bronx. If the Robopandas qualify, they would move on to the New York City championship.
The ultimate goal is to qualify for the world championship, where they would compete against more than 70 other countries.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--AmericanTours International (ATI) was honored by the U.S. Travel Association (USTA) and Brand USA as one of America's highest-volume tour operators at the Chairman's Circle Honors Awards ceremony during the association's 50th annual IPW in Denver, Colorado. This elite awards event —co-hosted by Brand USA— honored international travel buyers for outstanding efforts to bring the world to America.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006439/en/
L-R Chris Thompson CEO of Brand USA, Nick Hentschel COO of ATI, Noel Irwin Hentschel CEO of ATI and Roger Dow President USTA (Photo: Business Wire)
“IPW's goal is to bring the world to America, and this year's Chairman's Circle honorees do all that they can to make that vision a reality,” said USTA President and CEO Roger Dow. “The honorees do tremendous work to ensure that travelers all around the world know that the U.S. is a great place to visit and they have my deepest gratitude for their contributions to the U.S. travel industry.”
Presented with the award by Roger Dow, ATI Chair/CEO Noel Irwin Hentschel stated, “It is an honor to be recognized by USTA and Brand USA for ATI's passionate work in showcasing America to the world. ATI appreciates our partnerships with all the international tour operators, hotel companies and great destinations like Las Vegas, Grand Canyon and Yellowstone National Parks. We roll out the red carpet welcoming travelers to visit all 50 states with ATI-every visitor to the USA is a VIP.”
Hentschel was recently appointed to the board of directors of Brand USA by U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross. Brand USA is the destination marketing organization for the United States and a public-private partnership created by the Travel Promotion Act to increase incremental international visitation to fuel the nation's economy and enhance the image of the USA worldwide.
ATI revolutionizes the inbound travel industry setting standards for quality of service, product innovation, and technological expertise. ATI creates and operates unique motorcoach tours, creative incentives, customized special interest group experiences and DriveAmerica fly-drive itineraries in multiple languages. ATI packages wholesale hotel and attraction inventory from 30,000 suppliers across all 50 states in over 70 international markets.
ATI is America's largest privately held, American-owned, full-service Visit USA destination management and marketing organization. Headquartered in California and Florida with offices in New York and Hawaii, ATI serves nearly one million visitors generating an estimated $3 billion into the U.S. economy annually.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006439/en/
CONTACT: AmericanTours International
Rebecca Rueseler
310-590-4118
Rebecca_rueseler@americantours.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TRAVEL DESTINATIONS VACATION COMMUNICATIONS ADVERTISING MARKETING
SOURCE: AmericanTours International
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 04:27 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 04:27 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006439/en
Experience white sand beaches, balmy air, and beach activities galore at the Aulani Resort! Have fun boogie-boarding, paddle-boarding, snorkeling, and exploring Oahu by canoe, or relax by the sparkling water on the sand. Guests can also create incredible sandcastles, learn sculpture techniques from the resort staff, and play several complimentary beach games. Delicious food and refreshments are conveniently located on the beach to keep you and your family nourished as you splash, swim, and play.Aunty's Beach House is the perfect place for your child to experience Hawaiian culture, art, and music with a dash of Disney magic. This 5,200-square foot kids club offers a plethora of activities and amenities including, interactive game tables, a movie room, Hawaiian arts and crafts, a play structure, and more. Hidden Disney surprises abound with enchanted fireplaces, magical portals, and visits from Disney characters! Supervised by childcare professionals, known as Disney Youth Counselors, children embark on a journey into the imagination and parents are rest assured that their children are playing in a safe environment.Aulani, A Disney Resort and Spa92-1185 Ali'inui Dr, Kapolei, HI 96707(866) 443-4763for more information.
At least 39 people were killed and nearly 70 injured in the mass shooting that took place in front of and inside a popular Istanbul nightclub in the first hours of New Year's Day. The victims included citizens of Turkey, Saudi Arabia, Lebanon, Iraq, France, Tunisia, India, Morocco, Jordan, Kuwait, Canada, Israel, Syria, Belgium, Germany and Russia.
Among them was a police officer and a security guard employed to keep revelers safe, a tour guide escorting visitors during a night on the town and young adults who had traveled to Turkey for the holidays.
A look at what is known so far about the victims and their nationalities.
———
Mehmet Kerim Akyil, 23, had traveled from Belgium to Istanbul for a New Year's vacation. His father, Ali Akyil, told state-run Anadolu news agency that they were a Turkish family who loved their country.
———
Bulent Sirvan Osman, 38, a married father of two from Erbil, Iraq, was in Istanbul for business, according to Anadolu.
———
Abdullah Ahmed Abbolos, a 32-year-old Palestinian living in Saudi Arabia, had come to Istanbul to celebrate the new year, Anadolu reported.
———
Abis Rizvi from Mumbai was one of two Indian victims of the attack. The 49-year-old builder wrote, produced and directed a Bollywood movie "Roar: The Tigers of Sunderbans," in 2014 aimed at spreading awareness about tigers.
The other Indian victim was named as Khushi Shah, a fashion designer from Vadodara, a city in the western Indian state of Gujarat.
———
Hatice Karcilar, a 29-year-old private security guard, was among the Turkish victims of the attack, state-run Anadolu news agency reported. She is survived by her husband and a 3-year-old daughter, it said.
———
Turkish police officer Burak Yildiz was shot and killed outside the Reina nightclub, Anadolu reported. The 22-year-old from the southern city of Mersin had been on the force for 1? years.
———
Ayhan Arik, a 47-year-old Turkish travel agent and a father of two, was shot in the head outside the club, reported the private Dogan news agency.
———
The Lebanese Foreign Ministry identified three of its citizens among the dead as Elias Wardini, Rita Shami and Haikal Musalam. The wounded included Bushra El Douaihy, the daughter of parliament member Estephan El Douaihy, it said.
———
Leanne Nasser, an 18-year-old Arab-Israeli from the town of Tira, was celebrating with friends when the gunman broke in and opened fire. Ruaa Mansour, also 18, was moderately wounded in the attack. Two other friends were unharmed.
———
The U.S. State Department confirmed that a 35-year-old Delaware businessman originally from Chadds Ford, Pennsylvania, wounded in the attack.
William Jacob Raak told the Dogan news agency that he was in the club with nine people, seven of whom were shot. Raak suffered a leg wound.
———
France's foreign minister says one French citizen was killed and three others wounded in the shooting.
Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault said in a statement that a woman with both French and Tunisian citizenship died in the attack early Sunday. The woman's Tunisian husband also died, he said.
———
Dubai-based broadcaster Al Arabiya reported that seven people from Saudi Arabia were killed and 10 were wounded in the attack.
———
Two people from Bavaria are among the dead, according to Germany's Foreign Ministry.
Spokesman Martin Schaefer declined to name them, but said it appeared one was a German-Turkish dual citizen and the other was believed to have had only Turkish nationality. Three German citizens were wounded in the attack, he said.
———
Jordan's Foreign Ministry said two of its citizens were killed and six were wounded in the attack.
———
Kuwait's Consul-General Mohammad Fahad al-Mohammad said one Kuwaiti was killed and five others were wounded in the shooting.
Here's what we've been told about passwords:
Make them complicated.
Use numbers, question marks and hash marks.
Change them regularly.
Use different passwords for each app and website.
Of course, these guidelines often leave users frustrated and struggling to remember them all.
Now, the National Institute of Standards and Technology is about the make all of our lives much easier. The organization recently revised its guidelines on creating passwords, and the new advice sharply diverges from previous rules.
"The traditional guidance is actually producing passwords that are easy for bad guys and hard for legitimate users," says Paul Grassi, senior standards and technology adviser at NIST, who led the new revision of guidelines.
The organization suggests keeping passwords simple, long and memorable. Phrases, lowercase letters and typical English words work well, Grassi tells NPR's Audie Cornish. Experts no longer suggest special characters and a mixture of lower and uppercase letters. And passwords never need to expire.
"We focus on the cognitive side of this, which is what tools can users use to remember these things?" Grassi says. "So if you can picture it in your head, and no one else could, that's a good password."
While these rules may seem suspiciously easy, Grassi says these guidelines help users create longer passwords that are harder for hackers to break. And he says the computer security industry in both the public and private sectors has received these new rules positively.
"It works because we are creating longer passwords that cryptographically are harder to break than the shorter ones, even with all those special character requirements," Grassi says. "We are really bad at random passwords, so the longer the better."
Previously, security experts recommended the use of password manager apps to ensure users' accounts were protected. Grassi says these apps are useful because they completely randomize the password, but he says they aren't necessary to maintain security.
Grassi stands by these new guidelines because he says previous tips for passwords impacted users negatively and did not do much to boost security. When users change their passwords every 90 days, they often aren't dramatically changing the password, Grassi says.
"I'm pretty sure you're not changing your entire password; you're shifting one character," he says. "Everyone does that, and the bad guys know that."
A man who fulfilled a dream to meet Tiger Woods at the Masters earlier this month died of cancer on Monday, his daughter announced on Twitter.
Shaun Caldwell, who was living with stage 4 lung cancer after having survived two bouts with colon cancer, had the opportunity to meet Woods just prior to the opening round of the Masters at Augusta National on April 5.
The meeting took place after a social media campaign by Caldwell's stepdaughter, Jordan Miller, who took to Twitter and Facebook to get word out about her father's condition.
With the help of Woods' girlfriend, Erica Herman, Caldwell met the golfer behind the driving range after he had warmed up prior to the first round. Woods shook his hand and gave him a signed golf glove.
According to The State newspaper?in South Carolina, two weeks ago doctors at Duke University told the Caldwell family that the cancer had become too aggressive to fight. Caldwell chose to stop treatment rather than endure more radiation.
Miller said in an earlier interview with the newspaper that her father was "over the moon'' after the experience at Augusta National and that the family had arranged another surprise -- Masters badges for the final round, where they saw? Patrick Reed?win the tournament.
RENTON, Wash. (AP) -- Richard Sherman said Wednesday he never asked for a trade from the Seattle Seahawks, but understood why the only team he's ever played for was listening to offers for his services.
''It's just a conversation they have every year. I guess this year, more people knew about it,'' Sherman said. ''It's a conversation they have every year - everybody's open, everybody's available. They just made sure I knew, and you guys found out. Pretty open about it. It was never a situation where anybody asked for it. It was just a conversation.''
In his first news conference since the end of last season, Sherman addressed a variety of issues, from the trade rumors that hung over Seattle's offseason to a report that indicated he was at the center of locker room discontent stemming from the Super Bowl loss to New England, to his conduct during parts of a tumultuous 2016 season.
For now, Sherman seems to have repaired any rifts that lingered from the talk of a possible trade, his conduct at times last year or the ESPN report which also questioned his relationship with quarterback Russell Wilson. Teammates Bobby Wagner, Doug Baldwin and Michael Bennett stood by as Sherman took questions for nearly 20 minutes after Seattle wrapped up the second of its minicamp practices.
''I always feel good about my future as long as I'm playing good football and doing my job,'' he said. ''Now if I go out there and play terrible, like somebody else, I wouldn't feel good about anything. But as long as you're playing good football and around my guys, I think I'll be fine.''
As for his relationship with Wilson, Sherman said there is respect in the locker room for their quarterback, especially for how he played last year while dealing with serious knee and ankle injuries.
''It's fantastic. We're teammates. It's like a family,'' Sherman said. ''It's like everyone else in a family, we fight for one another just like I'm fighting for the other 52 guys out there, I'm fighting for him and he's fighting for us. We have a great appreciation for how tough our quarterback is and what he has played through.''
Sherman has spent his entire career in Seattle, developing from an overlooked fifth-round pick into one of the top cornerbacks in the NFL. He is due $11.4 million in guaranteed salary for the 2017 season and his current contract expires after the 2018 season.
Sherman's future hung over the Seahawks for a big chunk of the spring after general manager John Schneider first acknowledged in March that the club had trade discussions with other teams regarding the outspoken star cornerback. Those discussions came after a season during which some of Sherman's actions seemed to take precedence over his play on the field.
Sherman didn't outright apologize Wednesday for his actions last season when he erupted on the sideline at both defensive coordinator Kris Richard and offensive coordinator Darrell Bevell, but he did admit he may have gone too far. During the offseason, coach Pete Carroll said he thought Sherman's issues last season were self-inflicted.
''At all times I'm trying to win, at all times I'm trying to push the envelope and push the limits. And it has always been the case, publicly, privately, and elsewhere,'' Sherman said. ''So that's what he means. It's never changed, it's never wavered. At times it might have gotten kind of overblown, I might have gone over the top, but he understood where it was coming from and so did my teammates.''
---
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
Israel refuses to recognise Crimea part of Ukraine
Officials with the Foreign Ministry of Israel issued a statement saying that they were not going to change their position on the Crimea and would stick to neutrality.
Source: Flickr.com
Representatives of Israel's foreign policy department have thus refused to take sides with Kiev on the Crimean issue. According to them, as long as Moscow and Kiev do not come to an agreement on the status of the peninsula, Israel will stick to the neutral position on the subject.
Israeli officials also said that they were concerned about the glorification of Nazi accomplices in Ukraine, who were involved in the extermination of Jews during WWII.
Deputy Director General of the Israeli Foreign Ministry, Director of the Department of Eurasia. Alex Ben Zvi, explained that any decision taken "on the basis of the Russian-Ukrainian dialogue will suit us." "If Moscow and Kiev agree that Crimea is Russian, then we do not mind. Israel intends to maintain a neutral position until a consensus is reached," he added.
The head of the press service of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Israel, Emmanuel Nahshon, also noted that the issue of recognition or non-recognition of the legitimacy of the Crimean referendum in 2014 was not relevant for Israel.
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
Former Prime Minister Ehud Barak reacted dismissively to reports of Iranian threats against him.
"I can not talk about this issue, I do not think it's so important. Just as I've managed for the last 76 years, so too will I manage for the next 45 years," Barak told Channel 13.
The former prime minister responded to reports that he had met with Shin Bet director Nadav Argaman because of fears of Iranian attempts to harm him while he was abroad. Barak, 76, has over the past few months Barak not had personal security detail, and sometimes he only carries his personal gun.
The Ministerial Committee for Shin Bet Affairs is scheduled to convene soon in order to change the period in which former prime ministers receive security during their departure abroad and recommend that he period be extended to 20 years.
During the interview, Barak rejected the possibility that he may return to politics. "I do not intend to return to politics, but I am a worried citizen."
He said that he would support ex-IDF Chief of Staff Benny Gantz for prime minister. I would be very happy and I wish for all of us that people like Benny who spent decades in the civil service without thinking about themselves will enter the political arena and try to influence matters."
The Elections Administration office will be open until 6 p.m. Monday (Dec. 11) for any candidates needing to file their campaign treasurer paperwork. That office is located at Annex I, 1410 W. Pearl St. Monday is the deadline for candidates to file with their party chairs for a position on the spring primary ballot.
SKOPJE, Macedonia (AP) — Former Macedonian prime minister Nikola Gruevski has resigned as leader of the conservative opposition VMRO-DPMNE party following its recent defeat in local government elections.
Gruevski served as prime minister for a decade before failing to form a coalition government after general elections last year. He was eventually succeeded by Social Democrat leader and bitter rival Zoran Zaev following months of political crisis. The 47-year-old Gruevski is facing charges of corruption and abuse of power in number of legal cases that emerged following a major wiretapping scandal.
Zaev's government has renewed the country's drive to join NATO and improve troubled relations with neighbor Greece.
Gruevski submitted his resignation late Sunday and the decision was formally announced Monday, two weeks ahead of a party congress.
19:07 Reported News Briefs Shvat 18, 5778 , 03/02/18 Shvat 18, 5778 , 03/02/18 What it's like to be Jewish in South Korea Read more Chabad emissaries in South Korea are preparing for the Winter Olympics, emphasize their country is safe, has no anti-Semitism. ► ◄ Last Briefs
TAYLORSVILLE, N.C. (AP) — Where do you hide a 1,000-pound chicken?
That's what sheriff's deputies in Alexander County, North Carolina, are trying to figure out as they search for the concrete statue that disappeared from a farm west of Taylorsville over the weekend.
While the chicken may be heavy, it's only 3 feet tall.
Deputies think the statue was taken some time between 8 p.m. Saturday and 9 a.m. Sunday from the driveway of the farm.
Chief Deputy Tod Jones told the Hickory Daily Record (http://bit.ly/2l7Z6BF) the statue's base was found several miles away. Jones said the statue is valued at about $1,100.
Alexander County is near Hickory, about 60 miles north of Charlotte.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — Iran's Foreign Ministry says it will raise the case of a detained British-Iranian woman with the judiciary "out of humanitarian concerns" following a visit by British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson.
Ministry spokesman Bahram Ghasemi said Monday that the final decision on whether to release Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, who is serving a five-year sentence for allegedly plotting to overthrow the government, rests with the judiciary.
Johnson raised the case during a two-day visit to Iran that concluded Sunday.
Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a charity worker, was detained in April 2016. Her family has denied the allegations against her.
She is among several dual nationals held in Iran, where the judiciary and security forces are dominated by anti-Western hard-liners. It's unclear whether Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, a relative moderate, can secure her release.
13:59 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Report: Half of Israeli high school students drink alcohol Read more
A quarter of male high school students smoke regularly, as do 5% of middle school students. ► ◄ Last Briefs
07:55 Reported News Briefs Nissan 4, 5778 , 20/03/18 Nissan 4, 5778 , 20/03/18 Int'l women's day march accused of anti-Semitism Read more ILTV speaks with Emily Schrader of Standwithus about the exclusion of Jewish organizations from this year's event. ► ◄ Last Briefs
YOLA, Nigeria (AP) — Officials in Nigeria say gunmen have killed 15 people in an early-morning attack on a Catholic church, including two priests.
The attack took place in Ayar-Mbalom, a community in Benue state.
Terver Akase, a media aide to the Benue state governor, says the attackers also burned down 50 houses.
President Muhammadu Buhari in a statement calls the violation of a place of worship "vile, evil and satanic" and an attempt to stoke religious conflict.
Benue state in central Nigeria has seen a series of attacks in recent weeks, many linked to a long-running dispute between farmers and herdsmen.
A few days ago 10 people were killed by alleged herdsmen in the state.
At 20 years old, Bella Thorne may appear to have it all but according to the star, she's very much still figuring life out.
From private jets to movie premieres, the actress seems to live an exciting life and she documents it on Instagram for her 17 million followers to see.
But scroll a bit further through her social-media accounts and you'll find a raw, unfiltered side of the star, who revealed she is bisexual on Twitter in 2016.
Thorne says she hopes being honest about her life and using her platform to inspire others will show fans that they too can be themselves.
“The things that have happened to me in my life have happened to me, I feel, for a reason,” she told ABC News' “Nightline.” “And it sounds cheesy, but it's a reason for change. … I have a platform to speak out and it must be for a f------ reason.”
ABC News
This message is heard loud and clear in her latest film, “Midnight Sun,” in which she stars as Katie Price, a senior in high school with a devastating disease. Thorne's character falls in love with her next-door neighbor Charlie, who helps Katie find her voice.
Now, Thorne hopes to help others discover theirs.
“I feel like so many people would end up in healthier places if they felt like they actually had someone that's going to sit there and just listen to them,” she said. “And it's not fair that they don't have help. … Which is why I use my social media to talk about being dyslexic, to talk about, you know, other things from the past, to talk about basically anything. Any time you're creating debate, I think, is the best way to start any revolution.”
Ed Araquel/Open Road Films
But her personal revolution didn't happen overnight.
“I started modeling when I was 6 weeks old, out of the womb, literally,” Thorne said. “And then I modeled every single day growing up -- my whole life, like, three jobs A? day, you name it.”
Her breakthrough role was on Disney Channel's “Shake It Up.” She now stars on Freeform's “Famous in Love.” Disney Channel and Freeform are owned by Disney, ABC News' parent company.
On “Famous in Love,” Thorne plays a girl plucked from obscurity and thrown into a world of fame and glamour while navigating the Hollywood machine. It's a reality Thorne knows all too well.
“I talked in a higher voice, in a completely different pitch,” Thorne said of what she was like earlier in her career.
She said she spoke differently in interviews to keep up with the image she portrayed on “Shake It Up.”
“People look at me now and they're still like, ‘Please be that girl. Please be the girl with the long, nice, red hair that's blown out and the light lashes and the little bit of eyeliner and the little bit of a lip, but not too much ‘cause you don't want to be too much, you want to be just enough,'” she said.
That pressure to maintain a perfect image became very real after her father died suddenly in a motorcycle accident. When she was just 9 years old, Thorne became the breadwinner for her family. She said her only option was to get a job.
Craig Sjodin/Disney Channel via Getty Images
“When my father died, we had nothing,” Thorne said. “Everyone had taken everything, and then you've got a single mom with four kids who just lost her husband trying to have a roof over your head.” “We were very close to actually just literally being on the street,” she said.
And while Thorne played a middle-school student on TV, her real-life education took a backseat.
“I remember getting on ‘Shake It Up' and I didn't know how to do simple adding and subtracting. Also being dyslexic, it's a little bit more difficult for me,” Thorne said. “It's one of the few things of my childhood that do make me a little bit angry.”
Today, Thorne is using her life experiences to show the world who she really is. She's opened up to her fans on issues ranging from her struggles with acne to more serious subjects, like depression, low self-esteem and even the #MeToo movement.
In January, Thorne posted a deeply personal story on Instagram, saying that she'd been sexually and physically abused “from the day I can remember [till] I was 14.”
“I wanted to talk about it, but like all the other victims, you know, it's like you feel like you're a bad fruit,” she said.
After she made the post, Thorne said she reached out to her longtime manager to ask whether what she'd said was OK.
“And he was like, ‘What do you mean, “Is this OK?” This is great. You have nothing to be ashamed of, Bella,'” Thorne said. “And I was like, ‘Man, that's like what I've wanted to hear my whole life.'”
Thorne said she's still trying to figure out who she is.
“I think that for the rest of my life I'll be asking myself that question,” she said.
Watch the full story on ABC News' "Nightline" TONIGHT at 12:35 a.m. ET.
GREENE COUNTY, TN (WJHL) – A group of concerned citizens in Greene County joined together as one Monday night to say enough is enough when it comes to a chemical plant in the county.
The U.S. Nitrogen plant in the Mosheim area has had two leaks in recent months and area residents want answers.
The group Indivisible Greene County hosted a town hall in downtown Greeneville to open up about recent nitric acid leaks coming from the plant. They also invited county commissioners and area leaders to join the conversation.
There have been two nitric acid leaks at the plant, one in August 2016 and the other April 2017. Area residents say they're concerned about their health and they want a warning system.
“They are saying now there is a plan in place for an alarm system but that plan in place that they have is going through our emergency notification system so it's something the community will be paying for not U.S. Nitrogen and they are taking advantage of the hospitality of Greene County,” President of Indivisible Greene County, Erin Hensley Schultz said.
County Commissioner Eddie Jennings said he wants U.S. Nitrogen out of the county. He said he has a resolution ready to go to change that plot of land back to an agricultural space.
“They've not been truthful in nothing they've said and it wasn't supposed to be dangerous it is and I'm here for one sole purpose, sponsoring the resolution the same for the safety and welfare of Greene County residents,” Commissioner Jennings said.
Commissioner Jennings tells News Channel 11 he plans to present that resolution to the county commission next week. Indivisible Greene County said they also invited U.S. Nitrogen officials to attend Monday's town hall but they declined.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
The U.N. envoy to Syria says negotiating a political transition for the war-torn country will be the sole item on the agenda for upcoming talks between the government and opposition in Geneva.
Staffan De Mistura emphatically rejected any change to the agenda, saying it would open a "Pandora's box" of stalling and time-wasting.
"Geneva will not be about the procedure, but about the future," he told reporters in joint press conference with Italian Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano, in Rome.
The envoy said the agenda is fixed in U.N. Security Council Resolution 2254, which mandates a new form of governance for Syria, a new constitution, and new elections. The resolution was adopted unanimously by the Security Council in 2015.
The Syrian government has previously rejected such formulations, complicating efforts aimed at ending the conflict. The government holds the upper hand in Syria more than a year after a sweeping Russian intervention turned the tide of the nearly six-year war in its favor.
The envoy urged the opposition to present a unified front at Geneva, in order to deprive the government of the "alibi" that it doesn't know who the opposition is.
The Geneva talks, slated for Feb. 23, are expected to bring together representatives from President Bashar Assad's government with exiled opposition figures and rebels fighting inside Syria.
But some of Syria's rebels say they won't begin negotiating a political settlement with the government until measures are taken to bolster a flagging cease-fire and address urgent humanitarian concerns.
Mohammad Alloush, a rebel leader who is representing the opposition at talks this week in Kazakhstan, said he will insist on discussing the Dec. 30 cease-fire. The talks in the Kazakh capital, Astana, are intended to pave the way for next week's revival of the Geneva process, which has been on hold since last April.
The Kazakhstan talks are brokered by Russia and Turkey, which back opposing sides in the war and have taken the lead with peace efforts since December. The Syrian government delegation met with the Russian delegation in Astana on Wednesday, Syrian state TV reported.
Russia and Iran, close allies of President Bashar Assad, and Turkey, which backs the rebels, previously pledged to enforce the cease-fire, but both sides have alleged repeated violations. A round of talks in Astana last month ended inconclusively.
The rebels say they are awaiting a reply from Russia to a list of requests concerning the observation and enforcement of the cease-fire.
"The paper we presented on 23 January is the basis for talks today," Alloush told the AP by phone on his way to Astana.
The Kazakhstan talks were supposed to begin Wednesday but were postponed by one day. The Kazakh Foreign Ministry did not give a reason for the delay. The Geneva talks are scheduled for Feb. 23.
Syria's Foreign Ministry meanwhile rejected a Human Rights Watch report accusing government forces of mounting at least eight chemical attacks using chlorine gas on opposition-held residential areas during the final months in last year's battle for the northern city of Aleppo. The report was published on Monday.
———
Associated Press cameraman Gianfranco Stara in Rome and AP writer Albert Aji in Damascus, Syria contributed to this report.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — A person familiar with the situation says the Carolina Panthers and unrestricted free agent slot wide receiver Jarius Wright have agreed on a three-year deal.
The person spoke to The Associated Press Monday on condition of anonymity because the Panthers have not announced the move. Financial terms of the deal were not immediately known.
The 28-year-old Wright has spent all six NFL seasons with the Vikings and is familiar with Panthers offensive coordinator Norv Turner, having worked under him in Minnesota.
The 5-foot-10, 191-pound Wright had 18 receptions for 198 yards and two touchdowns last season. His most productive season game in 2014, when he caught 42 passes for 588 yards and two touchdowns.
Wright has 153 catches for 2,039 yards and 10 touchdowns during his career with Minnesota.
__
More AP NFL: https://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
GENEVA (AP) — A boxing official described as "one of Uzbekistan's leading criminals" by United States authorities has been named interim president of the Olympic sport's governing body.
The International Boxing Federation (AIBA) said its vice president Gafur Rakhimov was promoted on Saturday after the "unexpected resignation" of interim leader Franco Falcinelli.
"Rakhimov has been described as having moved from extortion and car theft to becoming one of Uzbekistan's leading criminals and an important person involved in the heroin trade," the U.S. Treasury Department said last month when it announced freezing any assets he held under American jurisdiction.
Still, the long-serving AIBA vice president is set to lead the Switzerland-based organization for the next nine months until a scheduled election in Moscow.
AIBA was "obligated to follow the statutes" requiring the senior vice president to fill any vacancy, executive committee member Pat Fiacco told The Associated Press. He spoke by telephone from Dubai where national boxing federations held a special congress.
"There is nothing negative that the executive committee can say," Fiacco said, adding that Rakhimov has "contributed positively" to AIBA.
Rakhimov was linked last month to "Thieves-in-Law" by the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control, which said the group "originated in Stalinist prison camps."
"The Thieves-in-Law has grown into a vast criminal organization which has spread throughout the former Soviet Union, Europe, and the United States, engaging in a variety of crimes, such as money laundering, extortion, bribery, and robbery," the federal office said.
Rakhimov allegedly has supported the criminal group by "providing warning of law enforcement issues, arranging meetings, and addressing other problems."
A federal document said Rakhimov is resident in Dubai, where AIBA members met on Saturday. The meeting was called to deal with fallout and financial problems from the previous presidency of C.K. Wu, a Taiwanese member of the IOC who left office last year.
"We must work closely with national federations and with the International Olympic Committee to restore confidence in AIBA's financial management and in its integrity," Rakhimov said in a statement on AIBA's website.
Rakhimov was key to renegotiating a $10 million loan from the troubled governing body's main creditor, Benkons, a company from Azerbaijan.
"He did that on his own," Fiacco said of the new president's work. He was "not aware of any travel issues at this stage" that would prevent Rakhimov working at AIBA headquarters in the Olympic capital Lausanne.
In the AIBA statement, outgoing interim president Falcinelli praised his successor. "I am confident that he will provide the leadership to restore AIBA to greatness."
The IOC, which was represented in Dubai by its sports director Kit McConnell, did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The mother of late NBA G League player Zeke Upshaw, who collapsed on-court during a game, is suing the NBA, alleging that it mishandled treatment by failing to implement any lifesaving measures.
Upshaw, 26, fell face-down on the floor in the final minute of a game, experiencing what was later deemed a “sudden cardiac death.” His mother, Jewel, is filing a wrongful death suit alleging that her son's death came “as a direct result of the negligence of the Defendants named in this litigation.”
“Zeke Upshaw, improperly attended, was left to lie unconscious on the hardwood, in his team's full uniform, slowly dying as his otherwise healthy heart sat, unbeating in his chest,” the suit explains. “A heart that likely only needed a compression series, or a charged delivery from a defibrillator, to begin to pound again and to pump blood and life back into Zeke Upshaw. However, according to witnesses, no one ever attempted to revive him.”
No emergency action plan in place?
According to the suit, before moved off on a stretcher, Upshaw lay on the court for four minutes; Upshaw's brain was then deprived of oxygen for another 40. It also says that the timely use of a defibrillator may have restarted his heart.
Upshaw died after two days in the hospital.
“When the otherwise healthy heart of a professional NBA athlete suddenly stops during a game there is absolutely no reason, in 2018, that his heart cannot be immediately restarted,” said attorney Bob Hilliard at news conference in New York Wednesday. “No attempts were made to save Zeke Upshaw's life. No CPR, no defibrillation, nothing.”
The NBA, the Detroit Pistons Basketball Company and SSJ Group, owners of the Grand Rapids Drive, and the Deltaplex Arena (where the game took place) are listed as defendants in the suit.
Upshaw, a 6-foot-6 swingman who spent two years with the Grand Rapids Drive after playing in college at both Illinois State and Hofstra, and in Europe, was given an honorary call-up to the team's parent Detroit Pistons three days after his death.
BERLIN (AP) — A vast trove of art which a German collector kept hidden from the world for decades will be shown simultaneously at museums in Switzerland and Germany later this year.
Collector Cornelius Gurlitt died in May 2014, months after German authorities announced they stumbled upon more than 1,000 artworks at his Munich apartment while investigating a tax case.
Switzerland's Kunstmuseum Bern, which Gurlitt designated as his sole heir, announced Wednesday it would co-host the "Dossier Gurlitt" shows together with the Bundeskunsthalle in Bonn.
The Bern museum will focus on art considered "degenerate" during the Nazi period, while the Bonn show will focus on art stolen from Jewish owners.
The art will be on show from November through March 2018. It's the first time the collection will be shown to the public.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Federal health officials are cracking down on underage use of a popular e-cigarette brand following months of complaints from parents, politicians and school administrators.
The Food and Drug Administration said Tuesday it has issued warnings to 40 retail and online stores as part of a nationwide operation against illegal sales of Juul (JOO'-uhl) to children.
Like other e-cigarettes, Juul is an electronic device that vaporizes liquid nicotine into an inhalable vapor.
Thanks in part to its resemblance to a small computer flash drive, Juul has become popular with some teenagers as a discrete way to vape at school and in public.
As part of the FDA initiative, regulators are asking Juul Labs to turn over documents about the design and marketing of its devices.
The San Francisco-based company says it monitors retailers to ensure they are following the law.
Rep. of hasidic faction within UTJ says party will leave coalition if Draft Law passes, Lithuanian-haredi reps say 'no obligation' to leave.
The Ashkenazi-haredi UTJ party may split into its components: the Lithuanian-haredi Degel Hatorah party and the hasidic Agudat Yisrael party, due to a disagreement between Degel Hatorah and Deputy Health Minister Yakov Litzman from Agudat Yisrael regarding the Draft Law passed on Tuesday.
According to Litzman, if the Draft Law passes its second and third readings, UTJ will leave the coalition.
Kan Reshet Bet reported that Degel Hatorah MKs Moshe Gafni and Uri Maklev approached Litzman after his announcement, demanding clarification.
Later, Degel Hatorah sources said that Litzman's announcement "does not obligate them."
If Agudat Yisrael left the government, but Degel Hatorah and the Sephardic-haredi Shas party did not leave, the coalition would retain its required number of seats, avoiding the need for early elections.
On Wednesday morning, Litzman told the Hamodia newspaper, "Already seventy years ago, before the State of Israel was founded...the president of Agudat Yisrael expressed the stance of faithful Jewry, which sees those who learn Torah as the future generation's hope, and its unconditional desire that everyone whose soul desires Torah and whose Torah is their occupation should be able to [learn] undisturbed. This is how it has been for all these years, and it is our obligation now as well to allow anyone who desires to learn Torah to do so undisturbed."
"The haredi community's representatives are busy with a thousand and one issues, every one of which is important and critical. Our partners in the coalition contribute a lot in many areas, but Torah learning is above everything. Because of this, things need to be clear: We will maintain our stance as per the ruling of our Council of Torah Sages, and we will oppose the Draft Law which is now being discussed in the Knesset. If the law passes despite [our opposition], we will leave the coalition.
"We believe with prefect faith that there never was and never will be any force in the world that will separate Jews from their Torah and their fathers' heritage."
TOKYO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Keio Plaza Hotel Tokyo (KPH), one of Japan's most prestigious international hotels located in Shinjuku, Tokyo, will host the “38 th Arita and Imari Porcelain Exhibition – From Origin to Modern Style” from July 1 (Sunday) to August 1 (Wednesday), 2018, introducing to guests the Arita and Imari porcelain, the first ceramics made in the southern island of Kyushu, Japan. Art items representing the Ko-Imari and other styles of porcelain will be displayed in exhibition. Also, seven renowned and modern porcelain makers from the Arita and Imari regions of Saga Prefecture will display their products and be available for sale. In addition, eight of our restaurants will serve specially prepared foods using porcelain from the Arita and Imari regions. Many guests can purchase porcelain products after dining at our restaurants and actually seeing and feeling how they are used to accentuating foods.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005443/en/
Japanese Dinner Using Arita and Imari Porcelain (Photo: Business Wire)
This year marks the 38 th time that this exhibition has been held, and is a reflection of the strong interest in Arita and Imari porcelain products. This exhibition is also designed to provide our international guests, who account for over 75% of total guests, with an opportunity to experience the beauty of Japan's traditional Arita and Imari porcelain products.
This year's exhibition will focus upon “Ko-Karatsu” and “Ko-Imari” porcelain established in the southern island of Kyushu. “Ko-Karatsu” is known for its simple and sturdiness during the reign of the Lord Toyotomi in the late 16 th century. “Ko-Imari” became popular art items amongst European aristocrats during the 17 th century Edo Period. Beautiful porcelain items made by the renowned pottery makers that have evolved over the 400-year history of the art will be on display.
Archive of Press Release
About the Keio Plaza Hotel
Keio Plaza Hotel Tokyo, located in Shinjuku at the very heart of the nation's capital Tokyo, is one of Japan's leading international hotels. Our hotel boasts of over 20 restaurants and bars, and we host a wide range of local and international guests who visit us for our welcoming facilities, warm hospitality and unique services that allow them to experience Japanese culture, including our Hello Kitty themed rooms and Japanese cultural experience programs. For more information about our facilities and services, please visit our website, YouTube, Facebook or Instagram.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005443/en/
CONTACT: Keio Plaza Hotel Tokyo
Keiko Kawashima, +81-3-5322-8010
Public Relations Manager
keiko-kawashima@keioplaza.co.jp
KEYWORD: ASIA PACIFIC JAPAN
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENTERTAINMENT ARTS/MUSEUMS TRAVEL LODGING RESTAURANT/BAR RETAIL
SOURCE: Keio Plaza Hotel Tokyo
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 10:05 AM/DISC: 05/30/2018 10:05 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005443/en
The IDF on Monday night attacked positions belonging to the Hamas terrorist organization in northern Gaza, the IDF Spokesperson's Unit said.
The attacks, which were carried out using tanks and aircraft, were in retaliation for the rocket fire on Ashkelon earlier.
"The IDF considers the Hamas terrorist organization solely responsible for what is happening in Gaza," said the statement.
Full Story
"The Wedding Date" (Berkley), by Jasmine Guillory
If you've ever met someone and felt an instant connection, you're not alone. It happened to Alexa Monroe, who was visiting her out-of--town sister at San Francisco's Fairmont hotel.
Shortly after she walked into the elevator, it stalled. Conversation ensued with the disabled lift's other rider, a hot doctor named Drew Nichols. This is the premise of "The Wedding Date," Jasmine Guillory's debut novel.
Readers are taken on a journey following the main characters' relationship. The elevator pair start by sharing cheese and crackers and a bottle of champagne originally meant for Alexa's sister as they wait for a repairman.
Drew is in town from Los Angeles for an ex-girlfriend's wedding. He has no date. After a drink and light flirting, he asks Alexa to accompany him to the soiree, to be held the next day.
"I am a dateless groomsman in the wedding of my ex-girlfriend and former best friend," Drew says. "My date bailed on me last-minute, so I'm going to look pathetic, and I'll probably get drunk and hit on a bridesmaid — the whole thing is going to be a nightmare."
"The Wedding Date" is a romance story with plenty of sex, though not on the scale of "Fifty Shades of Grey." Guillory, whose writing is clean, yet elegant, does a fine job of leaving much of the sexual content to the reader's imagination.
The book also explores, on a surface level, interracial relationships. Alexa is black; Drew is white. They have plenty in common: they're both highly educated, have successful careers and live in big coastal cities. Some modern dating themes are also explored.
The novel is a light-hearted and quick read with fully drawn characters, and it's likely to resonate with many readers.
___
Online:
https://www.jasmineguillory.com/
LEAVENWORTH, Kan. (AP) — A Kansas police officer who fatally shot a man in an SUV outside the man's home six months ago has been fired for violating department policy in the shooting, a police chief said Monday.
Leavenworth Police Chief Patrick Kitchens said in an email that Officer Matthew Harrington was terminated Friday for violating the department's use of deadly force policy in the shooting that killed 47-year-old Antonio Garcia Jr. Prosecutors are still reviewing the case.
"It was my conclusion the use of deadly force was unreasonable," Kitchens said.
Police have provided few details about what led up to the shooting, including whether Garcia was armed. It happened after Harrington responded in July to a domestic argument at Garcia's home over possession of an SUV that initially was reported as stolen, according to police. Garcia left before Harrington arrived, then returned and had an "encounter" with Harrington in the driveway, according to a news release from police. Garcia was shot while in the SUV.
Harrington doesn't have a listed phone number. His attorney, Jeff Kratofil, didn't immediately return a phone message from The Associated Press.
Leavenworth County prosecutor Todd Thompson said in a news release that his staff hopes to complete its review soon, noting that his office is awaiting requested information. Thompson's release noted that the criminal investigation is separate from the police inquiry.
"The standard for terminating an employee based on upon professional standards is also a much lower burden than the burden used to charge and/or convict someone of a crime," the release said. "We have an ethical duty to do our best to fully vet a matter before we file charges on anyone."
Gina Mays, who raised Garcia starting when he was a teen, told The Kansas City Star that Garcia "did not deserve to die" and that the family wanted to see body camera footage.
"We're all hoping to see this," Mays said. "I want answers like everyone else. There is a man dead here because of neglect."
Kitchens said police aren't releasing body camera footage because the investigation is ongoing and it's classified as evidence.
By Peter Schwartz
» More Columns
When you move to a new town or community, sometimes your place of residence isn't quite ready just yet. If that happens, one has to find a temporary place to live until your permanent home is ready. The Long Island Nets found out first-hand just what that experience was like, as they played their inaugural D-League season at Barclays Center in Brooklyn while the Nassau Coliseum was undergoing a major face-lift.
And now, the L.I. Nets have moved into their new and permanent home after a season of playing games at the home of their parent club, the Brooklyn Nets, with many of those games on weekday afternoons in front of few or no fans.
“I kind of looked at it like it was dress rehearsal and preparation,” Alton Byrd, the L.I. Nets' vice-president of business operations, said during a sit-down interview with WFAN.com at the team's new offices at the coliseum. “We had a chance to see games right up close in front, so we got through it well.”
When the Brooklyn Nets were granted a D-League franchise, they had a couple of choices to make in terms of their initial season: wait a year for the coliseum to be finished or find a temporary home. There were options on Long Island, but the Nets ultimately decided to play at Barclays Center. That allowed them to play in a building that, in reality, is not much bigger than their new home, which has all the amenities of an NBA building, just not with as many seats.
“We made a strategic decision,” Byrd said. “It was the right decision at the time, and I'm happy we got through it. It was a really good learning experience for us. You can't really compare (the coliseum) to other D-League buildings because another 3,000 seats and this is an NBA arena. I like to think that this is the best building in the D-League. “
The new Nassau Coliseum will have 13,500 seats for basketball, although initially the building will be configured with a smaller capacity by closing the upper bowl until the time comes that officials need to open up more seats. There's plenty of parking on-site for fans, along with all the new concession stands and premium perks that came with the renovations.
The L.I. Nets will enjoy a brand-new locker room with their logo on the carpeted floor, as well as a spanking new court that made its debut at a Harlem Globetrotters game April 15. But while the team is getting ready to play their first season on Long Island, they spent the last year getting to know everyone in the neighborhood.
For their efforts this past season, the Long Island Nets were awarded the NBA Development League Community Appearances Award for their work in the Long Island community while the team was playing their games 30 miles west in Brooklyn.
“We spent a lot of time out here,” Byrd said. “I think we, as a team, started what is a long process. Rome doesn't get built in a day. It takes years to build a fan base.”
Speaking of the community, the L.I. Nets will get a chance to mingle with their new neighbors Saturday afternoon when they hold their Fan Festival at the coliseum from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. There will be giveaways, activities for the kids, a meet-and-greet with head coach Ronald Nored and Nets forward J.J. Moore, who played at Rutgers, and tours of the coliseum.
It's a chance for the Nets to introduce themselves to many fans who are both excited and curious about Long Island's newest professional sports team.
“That's the part that excites me the most because you finally get to see people, and people get to see the building,” Byrd said. “They'll get to meet us, our players and our staff.”
There's a sense of nostalgia with the Long Island Nets playing their home games at Nassau Coliseum, and that's because the parent club called the arena home from 1972-77 and won a pair of ABA titles with a guy by the name of Julius Erving, including the final ABA championship ever in 1976. The following season, the Nets joined the NBA as part of the merger and spent one final season on Long Island before moving to New Jersey.
And now, the red, white and blue of the “Nets” will once again be a part of the coliseum's DNA.
“I think this will be a great basketball venue,” Byrd said. “It has been before, and I think it will be again. There's a legacy that already exists so there's the unusual task of trying to marry the legacy to a bunch of kids that never heard of Julius Erving to new heroes … our heroes … the kids of Long Island.”
Now all the Nets have to do is build a fan base to fill seats. A big selling point is the fan-friendly experience that will be created at the coliseum, but what's also attractive to fans is that a player you might see playing for the Long Island Nets or an opposing team one night at the coliseum could be on the train to Brooklyn or on a flight to another NBA city the next day.
It's kind of like minor league baseball, but those involved with the D-League would prefer to think of themselves as a league of opportunity.
“The only thing that is minor about this league is the word ‘minor,' because we are held to the same standards as any NBA team,” Byrd said. “We've got to do the same thing, and that's sell tickets, find sponsors and build relationships.”
There are plenty of sporting events that are scheduled to take place at the new Nassau Coliseum, including boxing, college hoops and UFC. There are even rumors that the Islanders could be back for a preseason game and then, well, you never know. But for now, the new coliseum's new anchor tenant will be the Long Island Nets, and with that comes the chance for fans to enjoy a fun night of hoops and that chance to one day say, “Hey, I saw that guy when he played for the Long Island Nets!”
Don't forget to follow Pete on Twitter at @pschwartzcbsfan. You can also follow @LongIslandNets and the Nassau Coliseum @NYCBLive.
Wisconsin tight end Troy Fumagalli made a leaping 8-yard touchdown catch in the fourth quarter and the Badgers won 24-16 in the Cotton Bowl on Monday to deny Western Michigan an undefeated season.
The TD catch by Fumagalli with 14 minutes left, in the back of the end zone between two defenders, came three plays after a rare interception thrown by Zach Terrell and made it 24-10.
With their "Row The Boat" mentality inspired by young head coach P.J. Fleck, the Broncos (13-1) made it from one win during his first season in Kalamazoo three years ago to the last FBS team other than No. 1 Alabama this season with a chance to be undefeated.
But Wisconsin (11-3), which finished with 11 wins for the fourth time in seven seasons, was clearly bigger and stronger — especially up front. The Big Ten Badgers set the tone early, with rushing touchdowns on their first two drives to take a 14-0 lead against the Group of Five team.
Fumagalli had several other highlight catches, including a one-handed 20-yard grab on the Badgers' opening drive, and a 26-yard catch to convert third-and-8 after Western Michigan scored in the fourth quarter.
Terrell combined with All-America receiver Corey Davis for 51 career touchdowns, tying the FBS record on an 11-yarder on fourth down with 3:27 left. Even with cornerback Sojourn Shelton's arms wrapped around him in the back of the end zone, Davis broke free to make the catch.
Western Michigan's senior quarterback had 33 touchdowns and only four interceptions this season, the last pick by Wisconsin linebacker T.J. Edwards.
TAKEAWAY
Western Michigan: The Broncos never backed down and Fleck has set a solid foundation for them to keep rowing forward, even with the loss of guys like Davis and Terrell, who were part of that one-win season in 2013. Western Michigan had only 280 total yards, 217 below its season average.
Wisconsin: The only losses this season for the Badgers were to Big Ten foes Michigan, Ohio State and Penn State — all who also played in New Year's Six games. Freshman quarterback Alex Hornibrook, who started nine games before a concussion forced him to miss the Big Ten championship game, was 2-of-2 passing. He threw the TD pass to Fumagalli, who finished with six catches for 83 yards.
UP NEXT
Western Michigan knows it has to continue play Power Five teams to have chances for more New Year's Six games, and maybe eventually a playoff appearance. The Broncos open next season Sept. 2 at USC, a week before they play Michigan State, another Big Ten opponent.
Wisconsin always gets a chance to prove itself in the Big Ten. So the Badgers can ease into its season, and will Sept. 1 at home against Utah State.
———
More AP college football coverage: www.collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP—Top25
JOHANNESBURG (AP) — Authorities in Tanzania plan an auction of 3.5 tons of hippo teeth next week, drawing criticism from conservation groups who say the sale could encourage increased killing of the vulnerable species for its body parts.
Licensed dealers on Monday can bid for the 12,500 pieces of hippo teeth at the tourism and natural resources ministry in the East African nation's commercial hub of Dar es Salaam, according to Tanzanian wildlife authorities. Buyers will receive documents confirming ownership.
Many hippo populations across Africa face intense pressure from hunting for their ivory and meat, the WWF conservation group said.
"Therefore, even though some countries still have healthy populations, WWF discourages the consumption of hippopotamus ivory and are disappointed to see auctions such as this taking place," said Colman O'Criodain, a WWF expert in wildlife trade.
Another conservation group, Born Free, said it was concerned there could be more demand for hippo ivory as efforts to end the trafficking of elephant ivory intensify.
China, long the world's largest consumer of elephant ivory, announced a ban on its trade that took effect at the beginning of this year.
An international "red list" of endangered species classifies the hippo as vulnerable and estimates there are up to 130,000 hippos in sub-Saharan Africa. Hippo teeth are carved into ornaments for sale in parts of Asia.
A regulated trade in hippo parts is allowed under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora, or CITES.
___
Follow Christopher Torchia on Twitter at www.twitter.com/torchiachris
NEW YORK (AP) — The Latest on a court hearing on the FBI investigation of Michael Cohen (all times local):
11:15 a.m.
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle over records seized from Cohen by the FBI.
The primary subject of the hearing Wednesday was a review of files and phone data taken from Cohen as part of an investigation of his personal business affairs.
But the lawyers were also debating whether Michael Avenatti, the lawyer for porn actress Stormy Daniels, will get a formal role in the case.
Avenatti says he also wants access to some seized records, possibly including recordings of phone calls, to see if they reveal confidential information about Daniels.
Lawyers for Cohen don't want him involved.
___
12:22 a.m.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
Barbara Jones said in a letter filed in federal court Tuesday that lawyers for Trump personal lawyer Michael Cohen and attorneys for Trump and the Trump Organization have designated more than 250 items as subject to the privilege.
The letter to U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood preceded a hearing scheduled for Wednesday.
Jones says more than a million pieces of data from three of Cohen's phones are ready to be given to criminal prosecutors.
Wood had asked that materials from the April 9 raids on Cohen's home and office be processed speedily. Prosecutors say they're probing Cohen's business interests.
Now that Marvin Bagley III is headed to Duke, the discussion is over. Mike Krzyzewski and the Blue Devils are the clear-cut favorites (again) to cut down the nets come April 2 in San Antonio.
We've hemmed and hawed about it all spring and summer. Who should be preseason No. 1?
Arizona was the pick in our latest Way-Too-Early top 25 rankings from May -- but you could also make a strong case for Michigan State. And what about Kansas? Or Kentucky and all its newcomers?
None of that matters now. Bagley's decision on Monday night to commit to Duke and reclassify to 2017 means the race is over.
Bagley isn't just another five-star or top-10 prospect committing to Duke. He's the consensus No. 1 prospect in the 2017 class, was No. 1 in 2018, and is the heavy favorite to be the No. 1 pick in next June's NBA Draft. Oh, and he would have been the No. 1 pick had he been eligible for this past June's NBA Draft.
In fact, one can make a legitimate case that Bagley is the best prospect to come out of high school since Anthony Davis in 2011. Coincidentally, Bagley going to Duke and reclassifying to 2017 marks only the second time since 2007 that No. 1 prospects have gone to the same school in consecutive years, according to ESPN Stats and Info. Harry Giles was the No. 1 prospect a year ago. He spent one season at Duke before heading to the NBA. The last time? Anthony Davis and Nerlens Noel (who also reclassified) in 2011 and 2012.
Bagley would have been enough to put USC in the conversation for preseason No. 1. The same USC team that only made the NCAA tournament via a First Four berth would've been perhaps the most talented team in the country with Bagley in the fold. He would have been enough to push a UCLA team that lost four starters into the top-10 conversation.
Duke was already in better shape than either of those teams, and now the Blue Devils are a notch above Arizona, Michigan State, Kansas and any other candidate for the top spot.
Yes, this is the same thing nearly everyone said before last season. In our defense, it was impossible to foresee Krzyzewski needing back surgery in the middle of the season; or Grayson Allen being the biggest story in college basketball for tripping opponents; or a late-January locker room ban; or Giles contributing next-to-nothing for essentially the entire season due to injury; or Jayson Tatum and Marques Bolden also starting the season injured and taking time to get acclimated.
By the time the NCAA tournament rolled around, though, Duke was one of the favorites to cut down the nets, coming off an ACC Tournament title and wins in 12 of its last 15 games.
Could that all happen again? Of course. But it's the preseason, and preseason rankings should come down to talent.
And as far as talent goes, it's Duke then everyone else.
It starts with Bagley. He's a supremely skilled 6-foot-11 prospect who can play any position in the frontcourt and also handle the ball or make shots from the perimeter. The lefty averaged 25.5 points, 14.7 rebounds and 3.0 blocks on the Nike EYBL circuit this past spring and summer with the Phoenix Phamily AAU program. In a 20-game season, Bagley hit the 30-point mark on four separate occasions and the 20-rebound mark three times. He has a terrific motor, but makes it look effortless at the same time.
But there's a lot more. Duke is only the second team since 2007 with four top-10 freshmen entering the program.
Trevon Duval is the best point guard entering college basketball, and a legitimate game-changer at the point of attack. The past couple years, Krzyzewski has had to use guys like Allen and Frank Jackson at point guard -- talented offensive players, but not true point guards or consistent distributors. Duval is different, and will do a better job of keeping the surrounding talent happy.
Wendell Carter was the best power forward in the 2017 class before Bagley reclassified, and he gives Duke a go-to-guy in the post to balance the offense. Giles' health didn't allow him to do that last year, and Amile Jefferson was never been a dominant offensive player. Carter is a double-double waiting to happen.
Duke is also welcoming the No. 1 freshman shooting guard in Gary Trent Jr., one of the best scorers in high school basketball the last couple seasons. He can take -- and make -- contested jumpers, and should find plenty of space on the perimeter with Duval and Allen attacking off the bounce.
There's also the return of Allen, who was the odds-on favorite for the Wooden Award at this time a year ago. He won't have that target on his back with the other stars in the lineup, and he won't have the pressure of being the primary playmaker in the backcourt. He's only one season removed from averaging 21.6 points and shooting 41.7 percent from 3-point range.
Former five-star Bolden provides potential off the bench; Jordan Tucker was one of the best 3-point shooters in the 2017 class; and Javin DeLaurier and Alex O'Connell can play minutes as well.
Without Bagley, there was enough on the roster for a top-five ranking in the preseason.
With Bagley, it's not even close.
The best player in college basketball will be playing for the best team in college basketball.
Wilson Dakwa, Farming Reporter
THE Ministry of Lands, Agriculture and Rural Resettlement in conjunction with ZimTrade has managed to facilitate agreements which will enable local farmers to export more than 40 000 tonnes of oranges annually to the Chinese market as early as June.
In a statement, ZimTrade said a four-member delegation which comprised representatives from the Office of the President and Cabinet, ZimTrade and was led by Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Lands, Agriculture and Rural Resettlement Mr Ringson Chitsiko sealed the deals in December last year.
“The delegation was pleased by the readiness of Chinese buyers to purchase 45 000 tonnes of Zimbabwean oranges annually. The trip followed an inward mission from China that approved the quality of Zimbabwean oranges for the Chinese market.
“The trip was facilitated by the Chinese Embassy in Zimbabwe and the China Industrial International Group Zimbabwe (CIIGZ), which supports local businesses to access China's US$23 trillion economy — the largest nominal economy in the world,” said ZimTrade.
ZimTrade Matabeleland regional manager, Mr Similo Nkala, who was part of the delegation said the market value of 45 000 tonnes is in the region of US$18 million — which presents an opportunity for local growers to increase production.
“The 45 000-tonne order is more than what Zimbabwe's citrus producers have managed to export for all citrus fruit combined, in any year previously.
Part of our mission was to visit citrus farms, seedling producers and processing centres to learn best practice in the citrus value chain. The Ministry of Lands, Agriculture and Rural Resettlement and ZimTrade will share relevant information with players in the industry to assist in boosting local production,” said Nkala.
According to Trade Map, China spent US$242 million importing citrus in 2016, a 45 percent increase from 2012. These figures and the fact that Zimbabwe has different harvesting seasons to China and other potential citrus buyers should prompt the country to develop a deliberate strategy to increase citrus production.
During the tour, the delegation also visited China's biggest citrus packing plant where 12 tonnes of oranges are packed every hour. Visits were also made to processing plants, and the delegation noted that it was impressed by the value additions being made in China, with processed fruit delivering not just juice, but oils from the rind with uses in skincare products, flavourants and washing powder.
ZimTrade added that a large scale Chinese seedling producer is willing to support Zimbabwean farmers with seedlings.
“A Chinese seedling grower that produces 3,2 million citrus seedlings per annum was also engaged, and expressed a willingness to supply Zimbabwean farmers with seedlings to help scale up the country's production,” said ZimTrade.-@WilsonDakwa1
LOS ANGELES (CBSNewYork) — Two women who say they were sexually assaulted by actor Steven Seagal spoke Monday from the law offices of their attorney to detail accusations dating back two decades.
Actor Regina Simons and Dutch former model Faviola Dadis were joined by Lisa Bloom, who is representing the two women.
Prosecutors with the Los Angeles County District Attorney's office last month said they were looking into sexual assault allegations against the “Hard To Kill” actor.
The press conference Monday was the first time either accuser publicly detailed their stories.
Regina Simons said she had been cast as an extra on the movie “On Deadly Ground,” and was invited to a wrap party at Seagal's residence, which instead turned out to be the actor alone at his home.
“Seagal was more than twice my size, and twice my age,” Simons said. “I was not sexually active, nor had I ever been naked in front of a man before. I froze.”
Simons said Seagal then unrobed and began having sex with her.
“There was nothing consensual about this,” Simons said. “I could not move and felt as if I was watching my body from above. I felt tears coming down my face, and I looked away from his face.”
After sex, Simons said Seagal put his hand on the door and asked if she needed any money, but she simply grabbed her clothing and drove away.
“I cried the entire way home,” she said.
She said Seagal attempted to contact her several times after that night, but she would not speak to him.
“This completely changed the trajectory of my life,” Simons said. “I'm thankful for the #MeToo movement, the Silence Breakers, Times Up and the many brave people who came before me who said they would be silent no more. To anyone listening who may be wondering if they should come forward, know that they are not alone.”
Faviola Dadis recounted her experience with Seagal 16 years ago.
“In 2002, when I was only 17-years-old, I was sexually assaulted by Steven Seagal,” said Dadis.
“I had grown up admiring him,” she said, describing how the two developed a friendship prior to her private audition at a hotel room for role in Seagal's planned Genghis Khan movie.
“I was very surprised when I arrived there, there were no other individuals in the room and Steven's assistant left me alone with him and his personal security guard,” said Dadis, who then described Seagal touching her under her clothing and prompting her to immediately end the audition and leave the hotel room.
“This is something that never goes away,” she said, noting her report to the Los Angeles police department years later was an effort to encourage other women who had similar incidents with Seagal to come forward.
“Until you experience sexual assault yourself, it is hard to explain why it makes take such a long time to come public with these very disturbing experiences,” she said. “So many women like myself live in fear of what people might say about them, and what might happen as a result of reporting sexual assault.”
Simons and Dadis are among several women who have accused Seagal of sexual assault over the years, including Jenny McCarthy, Portia de Rossi and Rae Dawn Chong.
The Department of Justice's (DOJ) has filed before the Cagayan De Oro (CDO) Regional Trial Court a rebellion case against the mother of two Maute group leaders, a former Marawi city mayor and nine others.
Leading those charged were Ominta Tamano “Farhana” Maute, mother of Maute leaders Abdullah and Omar, and former mayor Fahad Salic, according to a four-page resolution dated June 13, 2017.
The resolution by the panel of prosecutors in Marawi identified the others charged as Sumaya Bangkit Masakal, Radiea Tugosa Asire, Mariam Ibnu Abubakar, Zafeerah Rosales Musa, Nehreen Macaraya Abdul, Nora Moctar Limgas, Mardiyya Haji Ali, Sumayya Lawi Ali and Noronisa Haji Camal.
ADVERTISEMENT
Farhana and the nine women were arrested last June 9 in Masiu, Lanao Del Sur. Authorities seized from them an M-14 rifle, seven M-14 magazine assembly, 136 M-14 live ammunition, a scope, two rifle grenades, two improvised rocket-propelled grenades and two smoke grenades.
Salic, who was also arrested last Friday in Misamis Oriental, was included in Department Order No. 2 issued by Defense Secretary and martial law administrator Delfin Lorenzana. Authorities confiscated four M203 grenades, an M-16 rifle with 29 bullets and three M-16 magazines each with 30 bullets.
“The panel of prosecutors of the Centralized Prosecution Office of Lanao Del Sure and Marawi City accuses [the 11 individuals] of the crime of rebellion under Article 134 of the Revised Penal Code,” the resolution stated.
Farhana is believed to be the financier of the Maute group while Salic's name appeared among checks confiscated by the military in one of Maute group's hideout.
The resolution was signed by Prosecutors Ramonchito Bienvenido Ocampo Jr. and Liezel Aquiatan. CBB
Inquirer calls for support for the victims in Marawi City
Responding to appeals for help, the Philippine Daily Inquirer is extending its relief to victims of the attacks in Marawi City
Cash donations may be deposited in the Inquirer Foundation Corp. Banco De Oro (BDO) Current Account No: 007960018860.
Inquiries may be addressed to Inquirer's Corporate Affairs office through Connie Kalagayan at 897-4426, ckalagayan@inquirer.com.ph and Bianca Kasilag-Macahilig at 897-8808 local 352, bkasilag@inquirer.com.ph.
For donation from overseas:
Inquirer Foundation Corp account:
Inquirer Foundation Corp. Banco De Oro (BDO) Current Account No: 007960018860
Swift Code: BNORPHMM
Colombia's president Juan Manuel Santos says no Latin America country would accept any form of U.S. military intervention in Venezuela and that it should never even be considered.
Santos held a joint news conference Sunday in Cartagena with visiting U.S. Vice President Mike Pence.
President Donald Trump said Friday that he will not rule out the possible use of the U.S. military to help restore democracy to Venezuela.
Recalling more than a century of U.S. military action throughout Latin America, Santos said no Latin leader wants “that phantom” to reappear.
He said a return to democracy in Venezuela must be peaceful, calling America a “continent of peace…let us preserve it as such.”
Pence did not rule out using military force, but he did not directly talk about it either.
He said there are may option available to pressure the Maduro regime in Venezuela, including more economic and diplomatic pressure. He assured Santos and everyone that the U.S. will not stand by as Venezuela “crumbles” and slides into dictatorship.
He said a failed state in Venezuela endangers the entire continent. He said Trump sent him to Latin America to marshal and consolidate regional support for the need to help the Venezuelan people.
Earlier Sunday, CIA Director Mike Pompeo told Fox News Sunday that Trump talked about the possibility of military actionto “give the Venezuelan people hope and opportunity to create a situation where democracy can be restored.” Venezuela called Trump's threat “reckless.”
Colombia is the first stop on Pence's week-long trip to to Latin America, which includes visits to Argentina, Chile, and Panama.
Pence and Santos also discussed drug and cocaine trafficking and Colombia's so-far successful peace agreement ending 50 years of war with FARC rebels.
In Chile, Pence will face questions over the U.S. withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact, Chile's U.S. ambassador Juan Gabriel Valdes told the VOA Spanish service. “With or without the U.S., we will continue working in the Asia Pacific to push for an agreement that results in clear rules for everyone,” Valdes said.
He added that his nation hopes the United States does not follow through on the threat to leave the Paris climate agreement because Chile believes that climate change is real.
U.S. trading partner Panama, home to the Panama Canal, established diplomatic ties with China in June, and Pence's upcoming visit comes against the backdrop of a growing Chinese trade role in the region. [Read More]
—–
Source: VOA News: Human Rights and Law
Australia is no stranger to cybersecurity attacks and breaches across businesses and government organisations. The big four banks across Australia along with companies like David Jones and Kmart have all encountered some form of security compromise over the last few years.
In fact, this year's Telstra Cybersecurity Report revealed 23.7 percent of Australian organisations detected a security breach that caused business to be interrupted every month, more than twice as often as 2014. As enterprises become more interconnected across devices, the Internet of Things (IoT) has become an integral part of securing critical infrastructure.
Some victims go for extended periods of time before realising that their devices have been compromised and by then the hackers have already disrupted online services and impacted millions of people. This begs the question of who is responsible for making sure these devices are secure?
Who's Responsible for the IoT?
The number of internet-connected devices is growing rapidly and expected to reach 50 billion by 2020. This opens things up for great leaps in technology and innovation. This opens things up for great leaps in technology and innovation. The potential for cyber threats also greatly increases.
Poor habits in security practices such as weak default passwords in hardware that can never be updated are just one way cybercriminals can gain access to the infrastructure and will have an even greater impact as IoT becomes more of a necessity.
Securing devices while in development requires forethought. Bypassing this process has the potential to cost enterprises far more if they are breached, erode the trust of the vendors' customers, and ultimately impact the revenue of the manufacturer. To keep pace, IoT manufacturers should take responsibility for the security of their devices and organisations who place devices on their networks need to be sure the environment is secure.
Vendors should be responsible for securing their technology. The administrators of the environment the devices are deployed in should be responsible for the security of their environment. Device manufacturers should assume they are being deployed in a hostile environment and the administrators should assume that the devices themselves are hostile.
IoT manufacturers and enterprises introducing connected technologies into their environments should think about security from a holistic perspective, understanding what capabilities are needed before deployment, during an attack, and post-compromise.
Security Before Deployment
Prior to deployment, reduce the attack aperture by designing patterns that minimise trust boundaries. It is also good to start introducing strong security hygiene habits. These can include isolating solutions when possible and becoming a trust zone in an untrusted environment, modelling the behaviour of the system and understanding deviations, allowing your customer to enhance security, and understanding the adversaries' focus and threat model.
It is also a positive idea to authenticate, authorise and audit. Only give users access to information and resources that they need and employ defensive programming. Regardless of circumstance, work on the assumption that all input is malicious.
Defence During an Engagement
During engagements it is critical to use encryption at rest and in flight, protecting the keys at all times. Say “NO” to custom crypto - even when done correctly it can still leave businesses with a false sense of security. Businesses should also be able to push out updates to deployable devices in the field securely.
Be Ready to Remediate Post-Compromise
After being compromised be sure the capabilities are there to get devices back to a trusted state. Be in a position to determine the cause of the attack. Cultivate a method for fixing the issue in a development process before deployment.
As IoT technology grows and more people connect their personal as well as their professional lives to a network the risk for cybercrime such as ransomware can become a reality. Personal computers, laptops, and smartphones are not the only devices hackers are targeting.
Thermostats, televisions, MRI machines, and even pacemakers amongst other devices that are connected to the network can have serious implications should they be compromised. As these risks continue to impact more and more people, the demand for strong security will grow. Now is the time for the industry to self-regulate by adopting strong security practices that will help businesses and individuals avoid costly and potentially dangerous compromises.
Jon R. Ramsey is Chief Technology Officer at SecureWorks
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
Romania's lower house of parliament voted 168 to 97 in favor of controversial changes to the country's penal code on Wednesday.
The amendments were approved at lightning speed — passing through the legislative process within a week — and come on the heels of a Supreme Court decision finding ruling Social Democrat party leader Liviu Dragnea guilty on charges of abuse of office.
A look at the changes
Abuse of office is no longer a crime under certain circumstances.
Prosecutors must now have to prove without a doubt that the defendant committed the deed for his or her own benefit, or to benefit their close relatives.
Officials who make less than 1,900 lei (€407; $476) while committing their crime would not be prosecuted.
The maximum jail sentence for abuse of office has been knocked down from seven to five years.
Those convicted of abuse of office who are over 60-years-old would now only serve a third of their prison sentence.
How this could impact
Dragnea's conviction
The 55-year-old leader of the ruling Social Democrats was found guilty by the Supreme Court last month of inciting others to commit an abuse of office. He was sentenced to three and a half years in prison.
The case concerned a fake jobs scandal, where he kept two women on the payroll of a state agency from 2006-2013 although they were employed by his party at the time.
Dragnea, considered to be Romania's most powerful politician, would stand to benefit from the rule changes since he was not found guilty of committing a crime that benefited himself or any of his close relatives.
Left-wing coalition defends reforms:
President decries 'dictatorship' of ruling party:
The left-wing ruling coalition has said the reforms are necessary to stop "abuses" from parts of the judiciary. They argue that Romania has a much harsher criminal law compared to other European Union member states and the changes will help prevent people from going to prison for minor crimes.Romanian President Klaus Iohannis slammed the parliament's decision on Wednesday. He and the center-right opposition contest that the penal code reforms are an attempt to overturn Dragnea's prison sentence.
"What we've seen these days is called dictatorship of the majority and is profoundly harmful for democracy," Iohannis said in a statement.
EU voices concern:
A spokesman with the European Commission said it will examine the final text of the bill to see if it is compatible with EU law. He said the European Commission "will not hesitate to take action where necessary to ensure such compatibility."
Last week, 12 countries issued a joint warning to Romania that the proposed judicial reforms could "impede international law enforcement cooperation." Anti-corruption investigators in Romania have said over 200 corruption cases involving abuse of office could be thrown out under the new reforms.
Latest round of judicial reforms:
What happens next:
In June, parliament also passed another raft of laws that altered the penal code, including limiting criminal investigations to one year and forcing courts to throw out certain types of wiretapping evidence. The amendments also limit the number of offences for which a suspect can be held in pre-trial detention.The bill will not likely go into effect for now, as Iohannis would be the one to sign it into law and he shows no interest in doing so. The president and the opposition have said they will challenge the bill at the constitutional court.
rs/kms (AFP, dpa, Reuters)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
In the last year, there's been a big drop in support for charter schools, while other forms of school choice are getting a little less unpopular. That's the top line of a national poll released today.
President Trump and his education secretary Betsy DeVos have put school choice front and center on their education agenda. The general idea of "choice," however, takes many forms.
Charter schools are paid for by tax dollars, charge no tuition and are managed independently of public school districts.
Vouchers allow students to use tax dollars to pay tuition at private schools.
Tax-credit scholarships, now available in 17 states, which allow individuals and companies to get a tax credit for donating to scholarship funds that are used in turn for private school tuition.
U.S. opinion on these ideas seems to be shifting, according to a new poll from EducationNext, an opinion and policy journal associated with free-market education reform ideas. They've been asking similar questions for the past decade.
Here are the latest results:
Charters: Last year 51 percent of the public supported "the formation of charter schools"; this year it's just 39 percent, a 12 point drop in one year.
Vouchers: 45 percent are either strongly or somewhat supportive of universal vouchers. That's a bounce from last year, but more or less in line with the five years before.
Tax credits: This was the most popular form of school choice with 55 percent of the general public supporting this year; also a one-year bounce, but in line with longer-term trends.
There's no one obvious explanation for the change in opinion on charter schools. The drop was seen among both Democrats and Republicans and amongst all racial and ethnic groups.
"That's the largest change on any survey item, and one of the largest single-year changes in opinion that we've seen over the 11-year history of the survey," Martin West, the editor-in-chief of EducationNext, said on a press conference call.
The wording of the question — about the formation of charter schools — may hold a clue. In theory, it might be possible to have very positive feelings about the charter schools currently in your community, yet still oppose new ones.
And the expansion of charters is exactly what communities around the country have been fighting over.
Last year the NAACP and Black Lives Matter called for a moratorium on the growth of charter schools (the NAACP called more recently for a ban on for-profit management of these schools). The state of Massachusetts saw a bruising fight over its charter cap. Detroit's proliferation of charters has been labeled "a glut" and "chaos." And charter expansion was the central issue in the school board race in Los Angeles, one of the biggest public school districts in the country.
The nationally representative poll breaks down respondents by political party, and there's a clear partisan divide on many issues, even as public opinion shifts. Last year, for example, 57 percent of Democrats favored universal vouchers, against 45 percent of Republicans. This year they've switched places: 62 percent of Republicans like them and only 50 percent of Democrats agree.
Zeroing in on that political divide, pollsters also measured what they called the "Trump effect." That is, how do responses change when some people are told that the president supports or opposes a particular issue?
They found that self-identified Republicans are more likely to support an issue if they are informed that Trump also supports it, while Democrats are the opposite. However, Trump's net influence is nearly nil, which makes him less of a force than President Obama was in this poll in 2009. Back then, when respondents on all sides were told the new President supported an education issue, they were more likely to back it, by double digits.
This poll, then, serves as a snapshot of what some have called the breakdown of a long-standing bipartisan consensus on education that dated back to No Child Left Behind.
Still, there is one enduring issue where blue- and red-state opinions are near-identical: approval of the local public schools. 55 percent of Republicans and 54 percent of Democrats give local schools a B or an A.
CLEVELAND (AP) — A Muslim-American radio host has received a court judgment in his favor in his federal lawsuit against a neo-Nazi website publisher because the defendant never responded to the Ohio case in court.
Dean Obeidallah accused The Daily Stormer's publisher, Andrew Anglin, of falsely labeling him as the "mastermind" behind a deadly bombing at concert in England last year.
Cleveland.com reports neither Anglin nor any attorney for him responded, so the court entered a finding of default Tuesday. Obeidallah's attorneys said they had tried unsuccessfully to reach or locate Anglin or his legal representative through emails, private investigators and notices in a Columbus-area legal publication.
Obeidallah didn't request a specific amount of damages. In that situation, judges typically have a hearing to determine the amount.
No such hearing has been scheduled.
___
Information from: cleveland.com, http://www.cleveland.com
We accept many different kinds of announcements. Just click on the button below and submit a form.
Go to forms
JOHNSON CITY, TN (WJHL) – While people celebrated Johnson City's Christmas tree lighting earlier this month, several Label Restaurant bartenders and servers worked their shifts only to spend the money they earned getting their towed cars back.
“It didn't pay at all to come to work that day,” bartender/server Mary Reams said. “I spent everything I made getting my car the next morning out of the towing service. It makes me very angry and very sad.”
Her co-workers Lyndsy Roberts and Becca Kinsler can relate. They both also parked on Buffalo Street on Friday, December 1 and said they both paid more than $100 apiece to get their cars back.
“That made me feel like I paid to work that night,” Roberts said. “There was no communication whatsoever about us being towed.”
“That was my entire evening's worth of tips,” Kinsler said. “If you can see a pattern with people being towed, then obviously there was some form of miscommunication.”
Not everyone agrees. The Johnson City Development Authority insists the agency provided more than adequate notice ahead of the tree lighting event.
“Not sure there is really a story here,” Downtown Development Director Dianna Cantler said. “I feel we followed protocol on making sure people saw the street was being closed, parking was not allowed and cars would be towed.”
Cantler said crews put up paper signs on power poles with warnings on Thursday afternoon. According to the city, crews put up official signs Friday morning.
“We try to make sure they are replaced if we find they get torn down, however, the signs the city put out could not be moved, so I know they were there as well,” Cantler said. “I really believe the notice was more than adequate. Another side of this story might be, should downtown business owners encourage their employees not to take the closest parking spaces to where they work, but leave them for customers?”
Neither Roberts nor Kinsler said they saw those signs. They believe cars likely blocked the official signs.
“There normally will be flyers on cones and flyers on these lightpoles,” Roberts said. “There was no paper that I could see.”
“No visible sign,” Kinsler said. “I just feel like if more people had been informed properly, it wouldn't have been such a large issue.”
Reams said she didn't see any signs either.
“If there was better communication, I don't think it would've been such a problem,” she said.
Mayor David Tomita says after talking to the owner of Label, he asked the city to create a task force, not to place blame, but instead to make sure there's a policy in place that outlines whoare responsible for notifying the public and who decides if and when to start towing cars.
“It is not the first time that I've heard that perhaps we needed a little clearer policy, a little clearer marking, different colored signs,” the mayor said. “Then, I just don't think just because we can tow them we necessarily do.”
The mayor, who's pushing for refunds, says two fellow commissioners have already offered up money to help cover some of the expenses. He hopes it doesn't come to that, but added, “We'll find a way to make it right.”
“I feel particularly bad for the folks, because it's Christmas time,” Mayor Tomita said.
Commissioner Van Brocklin said he feels “badly” for the three employees.
“I am not sure what the postings looked like – I suspect that it was posted, but there have been issues with towings occurring in the downtown in the past that have had more to do with signage that was not readily apparent than with willful disregard,” Commissioner Van Brocklin said. “I remember what it was like when I was a student – I would have been impacted very negatively if I had had to pay a tow ticket. I feel badly for the three from Label who were towed – so, will assist a bit.”
Commissioner Fowler called this an “unfortunate situation.”
While the JCDA maintains the agency did more than required for notifying the public in this case, the downtown development director told us members can discuss this situation at its event wrap up meeting this week.
Copyright WJHL 2017. All rights reserved.
The graduates of Pathway Home rose up to a roar of applause as U.S. Marine Corps veteran and fellow grad Zach Skiles called on them to stand and be recognized during a memorial for the victims of the Yountville shooting.
The place where millions of girls first got their ears pierced has filed for chapter 11 protection.Claire's is looking to reduce its debt by $1.9 billion.The tween jewelry store chain says it will keep all 1,600 Claire's and Icing brand stores in the United States open during the debt restructuring.International stores are not part of the agreement.The company declared bankruptcy Monday.Claire's is the latest US retailer to seek financial help from a bankruptcy court.Toys R Us announced last week it will liquidate all of its stores in the U.S.
The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months, providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy. The Fed also announced plans to start gradually paring its bond holdings later this year, which could cause long-term rates to rise.
The increase in the short-term rate by a quarter-point to a still-low range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent could lead to higher borrowing costs for consumers and businesses and slightly better returns for savers. The Fed foresees one additional rate hike this year, unchanged from its previous forecast. It gave no hint of when that might occur.
The Fed chose to raise rates again despite economic weakness at the start of 2017 and a further slowdown recently in inflation, which remains persistently below the Fed's 2 percent target rate. Fed officials reiterated their belief that that both inflation and economic growth will pick up.
The Fed's decision was approved on an 8-1 vote with Neel Kashkari, head of the Fed's Minneapolis regional bank, dissenting in favor of holding rates unchanged.
The latest rate increase, announced in a statement after a Fed policy meeting, comes as the U.S. economy is growing only sluggishly. Even so, many of the barometers the Fed monitors most closely have given it the confidence to keep gradually lifting still-low borrowing rates toward their historic norms.
In particular, hiring in the United States remains solid if slowing, with employment at a 16-year-low of 4.3 percent — even below the level that the Fed associates with full employment.
The Fed's announcement that it would begin paring its balance sheet later this year — "provided that the economy evolves broadly as anticipated" — involves its enormous portfolio of Treasury and mortgage bonds. The Fed began buying the bonds after the Great Recession to try to depress long-term loan rates. That effort resulted in a five-fold increase in its portfolio to $4.5 trillion.
On Wednesday, the Fed said it would eventually allow a small amount of bonds to mature without being replaced — an amount that would gradually rise as markets adjusted to the process. This process could put upward pressure on long-term borrowing rates.
Under the plan it unveiled, the Fed would start with monthly reductions in Treasury holdings of no more than $6 billion and $4 billion in mortgage bonds. Those figures would rise in increments over a year until they reached $30 billion a month in Treasurys and $20 billion in mortgage bonds.
By using a gradual pace for reducing its bond holdings, the Fed hopes to avoid upsetting financial markets..
The Fed on Wednesday also issued updated economic forecasts that showed it still foresees one additional rate increase this year, to following Wednesday's increase and an earlier rate hike in March.
The rate forecast, based on the individual projections for each member, envisions three more rate hikes in 2018 and three more in 2019. By then, the Fed's forecast would put its key policy rate at 3 percent. That's the level the Fed believes is a neutral rate — neither stimulating economic growth nor restraining it.
But the Fed's forecasts are only predictions and are frequently revised as its assessments evolve.
The revised economic forecast bowed to reality by reducing its estimate for unemployment by year's end to 4.3 percent from a March projection of 4.5 percent. Unemployment has already reached a 16-year low of 4.3 percent.
The Fed kept forecast for economic growth this year of 2.2 percent, up slightly from its March forecast, with growth of 2.1 percent in 2018 and 1.9 percent in 2019. Those forecasts are far below the 3 percent annual growth the Trump administration has said it can achieve with tax cuts, deregulation and tougher enforcement of trade rules to protect American jobs.
The central also updated its projections for inflation to take account of a slowdown. It forecast that prices will rise just 1.6 percent this year, down from a March forecast of 1.9 percent. The Fed continues to project that prices, as measured by a gauge tied to consumer spending, will rise 2 percent in 2018 and 2019, achieving its target.
At the moment, uncertainty surrounds the membership of the Fed's own policy committee. President Donald Trump is expected soon to fill three vacancies on the Fed's influential board, and those new members, depending on who they are, could alter its rate-setting policy.
Some news reports have mentioned leading candidates to fill the vacancies. They include Randal Quarles, a top Treasury official in two past Republican administrations, for the vice chairman's job of overseeing bank regulation. Marvin Goodfriend, an economist at Carnegie Mellon University, has been mentioned for another board spot, and Robert Jones, chief executive of Old National Bancorp in Indiana, reportedly is a candidate for a board seat designated for a community banker.
The betting is that the administration will choose officials who will tilt the Fed toward a more "hawkish" stance. Hawks tend to worry that rates kept too low for too long could escalate inflation or fuel asset bubbles. By contrast, "doves" favor the direction taken under Chair Janet Yellen, favoring relatively low rates to maximize employment.
Yellen, the first woman to lead the Fed, is serving a term that will end in February. So far, Trump has sent conflicting signals about whether he plans to nominate her for a second term.
ATHENS, Greece (AP) — Greece's government borrowing rates have continued to drop ahead of an expected bond market test in early February.
The country's Public Debt Management Agency said an auction Tuesday raised 812.5 million euros ($1 billion) from the sale 26-week treasury bills at a rate of 1.13 percent.
The rate was down from 1.65 percent in an auction on Jan. 3. It had been as high as 4.96 percent in June 2011.
Greece maintained regular T-Bill auctions after losing full market access and during three successive international bailouts, but is seeking a return to the full bond market this year as the country's latest bailout program ends in August.
The government is expected to test that return with a seven-year bond issue as early as next week.
App Store Official Charts for the week ending January 28, 2018:
Top Paid iPhone Apps:
1. Pocket Build, MoonBear LTD
2. Minecraft, Mojang
3. Heads Up!, Warner Bros.
4. Minds On Physics the App - Part 1, Physics Classroom, LLC
5. The Room: Old Sins, Fireproof Games
6. Getting Over It, Bennett Foddy
7. Plague Inc., Ndemic Creations
8. Geometry Dash, RobTop Games AB
9. Bloons TD 5, Ninja Kiwi
10. NBA 2K18, 2K
Top Free iPhone Apps:
1. Splashy!, Voodoo
2. Knife Hit, Ketchapp
3. YouTube: Watch, Listen, Stream, Google, Inc.
4. Instagram, Instagram, Inc.
5. Messenger, Facebook, Inc.
6. Snapchat, Snap, Inc.
7. Facebook, Facebook, Inc.
8. Sweatcoin - Coin For Sweat App, Sweatco Ltd
9. Netflix, Netflix, Inc.
10. Google Maps - GPS Navigation, Google, Inc.
Top Paid iPad Apps:
1. Minecraft, Mojang
2. The Room: Old Sins, Fireproof Games
3. Procreate, Savage Interactive Pty Ltd
4. Geometry Dash, RobTop Games AB
5. Notability, Ginger Labs
6. Toca Life: Pets, Toca Boca AB
7. My Town : Bakery, My Town Games LTD
8. Pocket Build, MoonBear LTD
9. GoodNotes 4, Time Base Technology Limited
10. Octodad: Dadliest Catch, Young Horses, Inc.
Top Free iPad Apps:
1. Netflix, Netflix, Inc.
2. YouTube: Watch, Listen, Stream, Google, Inc.
3. Run Sausage Run!, Crazy Labs
4. Kick the Buddy, Chill Fleet
5. ROBLOX, Roblox Corporation
6. Color by Number: Coloring Book, Fun Games For Free
7. Messenger, Facebook, Inc.
8. UNICORN - Color by Number Game, AppsYouLove
9. Google Chrome, Google, Inc.
10. Facebook, Facebook, Inc.
_
(copyright) 2018 Apple Inc.
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Kevin Durant had 28 points, nine rebounds, five assists and three blocked shots, leading the short-handed Golden State Warriors past the sluggish Portland Trail Blazers 111-104 on Monday night.
Klay Thompson overcame a cold shooting start to score 24 points as Golden State played without two-time MVP Stephen Curry, who is nursing a sprained right ankle and missed his third straight game. Draymond Green sat out with a sore right shoulder while starting center Zaza Pachulia was sidelined for his second game in a row because of soreness in his left shoulder.
Damian Lilliard scored a season-high 39 points with five 3-pointers playing back home in Oakland. He hit a 3-pointer late in the first half with Durant in his face and pumped his arm to celebrate.
Durant, who earned Western Conference Player of the Week honors on Monday, shot 11 for 21 and Nick Young contributed 12 points in 13 minutes off the bench before leaving with a concussion in the third quarter.
David West scored in double figures over consecutive games for the first time with the Warriors and his first since 2015-16 for San Antonio.
Rookie Jordan Bell scored in double figures for the second time with 11 points, while Omri Casspi and Shaun Livingston also started for the defending champions, who were coming off a 6-0 road trip. It marked the franchise's first time doing so in that long of a stretch away from home.
Now, the Warriors will get to stay home for almost the entire rest of the year except for a trip to face the Lakers on Dec. 18.
CJ McCollum scored 21 points and Zach Collins added season-bests of nine points and seven rebounds before fouling out of Portland's fifth straight loss. This marked the first meeting of the season between the West rivals after Golden State took all four games last regular season and then swept the Blazers in the first round of the playoffs.
The Warriors have won the last seven regular-season meetings and also seven in a row at home.
After missing his first four 3-point tries, Thompson hit from deep in the final 30 seconds of the first half as the Warriors led 59-47 at the break.
BARNES RETIRES
As he expected to do this winter, Matt Barnes announced his retirement on Monday.
Barnes, who received his Warriors championship ring Nov. 27 at Oracle when Golden State hosted his former Kings and hometown team, posted his news on Instagram with a selfie.
"Had a cool 15yr run!! Traveled the world met alota cool people, some will be brothers for the rest of my life!" he wrote, later adding, "Love me or HATE ME, I DID IT MY WAY!!"
TIP-INS
Trail Blazers: Lillard notched his 10th 30-point performance of the season. ... The Blazers made their initial 23 free throws before a miss and wound up 23 of 25 from the line. ... Portland led 28-27 after the first but gave up a 15-4 burst in the second.
Warriors: Durant passed John Stockton (19,711 points) for 44th place on NBA career scoring list. ... Andre Iguodala played his 1,000th career regular-season game, becoming one of 126 players in NBA history to do so. ... Second-year guard Patrick McCaw returned after missing two games with a concussion and bruised nose. Young will enter the concussion protocol. ... Curry rode a stationary bike during the morning shootaround. Pachulia took some one-handed shots during warmups. ... Golden State committed five first-quarter turnovers and 14 in all.
UP NEXT
Trail Blazers: At Miami on Wednesday.
Warriors: Host the Mavericks on Thursday.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) -- Rhode Island coach Dan Hurley has come to VCU in the past with a young team and seen it get drummed.
He was happy to return the favor when he returned with the senior-laden and 22nd-ranked Rams on Friday night.
E.C. Matthews scored 18 points, Jared Terrell had 16 and URI beat VCU 81-68 for its 14th consecutive victory.
''I thought we were really, really sharp, particular our passing,'' Hurley said. ''We're just a veteran team that took advantage of our experience. We out-seniored them, out-experienced them.''
Cyril Langevine added 12 points and a career-high 18 rebounds for the visiting Rams (19-3, 11-0 Atlantic 10) in a matchup of teams with the same nickname. The winning streak is the program's longest since the 1939-40 Rams won 15 straight.
Rhode Island also stretched its road winning streak in conference games to 11, the longest such streak in program history.
''It's a lot of things,'' said Matthews, one of four seniors in the starting lineup. ''Being resilient. The non-conference games we had earlier in the season is why we play the way we do now. Having older guys, we kind of set the tone.''
Justin Tillman scored 22 points to lead VCU (14-9, 6-4), which dropped out of a three-way tie for second place in the conference. Sean Mobley added 15, all in the first half. The home Rams trailed just 41-38 at halftime, but couldn't overcome being beaten 47-31 on the boards and outscored 26-6 on second-chance points as URI gradually took control after halftime.
''We felt they were going to try to come out and bully us and control the game and come out hard from the start, so we tried to come out with energy,'' Tillman said. ''I thought we did that in the first half. ... We kept letting them get second-chance rebounds and they were scoring off those.''
20:10 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Bridge collapses on truck in Bnei Brak A pedestrian bridge collapsed on Highway 4 near the Ramat Elchanan neighborhood of Bnei Brak a short time ago. The bridge trapped a truck driver who was passing underneath it when it collapsed. According to volunteers on scene the trapped driver is conscious but his exact medical condition and status is unknown. ► ◄ Last Briefs
SPOKANE, Wash. (AP) -- Another grinding defensive battle for No. 14 Gonzaga, just as the Bulldogs expected.
Rui Hachimura scored 15 points, Josh Perkins added 14 and Gonzaga edged BYU 68-60 on Saturday night for its fifth win in a row.
On Thursday, the high-scoring Zags escaped with a 69-59 win over San Diego.
''We knew it was going to be like that,'' Gonzaga coach Mark Few said of the BYU game. ''It's tough to generate baskets off that defense.''
''Nobody plays harder'' than BYU, Few said.
The Bulldogs won despite shooting only 37.5 percent in the second half, when BYU came back from a halftime deficit to tie the game.
''We can have some lulls,'' Few said, after his team finished nearly 20 points below its season average.
''Guys were firing shots from all over the place,'' Few said. ''We just didn't make them.''
BYU got within 62-60 in the final minutes. But the Zags forced two turnovers and scored the final six points to seal the win.
''Any time you can beat them you beat a real good team,'' Few said.
Johnathan Williams had 13 points and 10 rebounds for Gonzaga (21-4, 11-1 West Coast), which had lost to BYU at home each of the previous three seasons. Perkins added seven assists.
TJ Haws had 22 points for BYU (18-7, 7-5), which was coming off a head-scratching road loss at Loyola Marymount. Luke Worthington added 16 points and Yoeli Childs had 14.
''We played hard and if we keep playing like that, I have no doubt we will have a great February and be a very successful team in March,'' Worthington said.
BYU coach Dave Rose said his players were frustrated by the loss.
''I thought we played well,'' Rose said. ''If we hit a couple more 3s, it may have been a different story.'' The Cougars were only 3 of 20 from 3-point range.
''We're a skilled group, but we got into situations where their physicality overwhelmed us,'' Rose said.
Firefighter back on the job after injury nearly derailed career
MICHELLE T. BERNARD
Staff Writer
Lincolnton Fire Department Capt. Joe Fletcher's father, James “Louis” Fletcher, has been a volunteer firefighter at the Boger City station since 1979 and, before then, he was a volunteer with a Yadkin County department.
“I grew up in the fire service,” Joe Fletcher said. “I went with him to the fire department and ran calls with him.”
Joe Fletcher was hired full-time as a firefighter at the Lincolnton Fire Department when he was 20, was promoted to engineer a few years later and was promoted as captain of the C Shift in February 2016.
“Being captain of this department has always been a dream,” he said. “When I was growing up dad would bring me by here and I always looked up to the guys here. I always thought that Lincolnton was kind of the standard – they were the cool guys. It was more than a dream come true to be captain of a shift.”
On Nov. 30, 2016, Joe Fletcher's dream and career as a firefighter almost ended. While he was up on a ladder cleaning gutters, the chore went horribly wrong. The ladder moved, throwing him on his deck on top of his backpack leaf blower.
“I got my senses together and did a quick self-check to see if I could get up but I had pretty extreme pain in my lower back so I knew I had done something but I wasn't sure of the magnitude of what I'd done,” he said. “Thankfully, I had my cell phone in my back pocket and I called the fire station. Probably because he recognized my number, the assistant chief picked up the phone. I told him that I had fallen from my roofline and I was hurt and needed someone to come and help me.”
About 30 seconds later Fletcher, who lives about a mile from the station, heard the siren kick on and a minute or two later his fellow firefighters arrived. Fletcher thought that he just needed help getting up but as he turned from his side to his back to sit up a sharp pain shot up his back. Lincoln County Emergency Medical Services had come to the scene as well and they transported him to the hospital on a backboard.
“That they put me on the backboard and strapped me down, which is standard procedure, is probably what saved me from further injury,” Fletcher said. “It kept me from moving and injuring myself further.”
After a CT Scan in Lincolnton, Fletcher was transported to a Charlotte hospital for further assessment, where he was admitted. The accident occurred on a Wednesday and on Friday Fletcher had a surgical procedure where two rods were placed on the outside of his backbone with four screws on each side to stabilize a fracture in his lower back. He was discharged the next Monday and was home doing physical therapy for three weeks.
Fletcher returned to the fire department on light duty the week before Christmas, and was on light duty until June, when he had a second surgery to remove the rods and screws. He spent another three or four weeks at home doing physical therapy before returning again on light duty. Fletcher returned to his regular job on Aug. 8.
“The surgeon pretty much laid it out that if I don't do the surgery, it would be nine months to a year, before I could return to regular duty, if I was lucky and something doesn't happen so they'd have to do the surgery,” Fletcher said. “If I did the surgery it would be probably six to nine months of recovery time. My job here is a whole lot different from an office job. It's a lot more physically demanding and I've got to have a strong back.”
While Fletcher said that it never really crossed his mind that he wouldn't be able to return to work, he was afraid that he would not be as good as he once was.
“I pretty much stayed in the mindset that I was coming back,” he said. “At 28 years old, I'm an eight-and-a-half-year veteran here in Lincolnton but, in my opinion, it's way too early to end my career. So far it's going good.”
Joe Fletcher's 4-year-old son, Parker, has to come to the fire station every day that his father works. He has his own turn-out gear, knows the names of all of the people on each shift and listens to the calls on Joe Fletcher's pager when he's home. Parker plays with some of the same fire trucks his father played with when he was young.
“He'll be on the floor with his trucks and say he's going on a call,” Joe Fletcher said. “He'll say something like ‘ladder one's going and Dave's driving.' You can ask him who's riding on the trucks with me today or who's on the shift and he'll tell you their names and who's working tomorrow.”
Of course, Parker says he wants to be a firefighter when he grows up.
“It doesn't stick for everybody, but it sticks for a few,” Louis Fletcher said.
Image courtesy of Michelle T. Bernard
Netflix is on the verge of surpassing 100 million global subscribers, a testament to how much the video streaming service has changed the entertainment landscape since its debut a decade ago.
The company will reach that milestone this weekend if its projections are correct. Netflix made the prediction Monday with the release of its first-quarter earnings.
The service added nearly 5 million subscribers during the first three months of the year, and will end March with 98.7 million customers in roughly 190 countries.
THANK THE SMARTPHONE
Over the past decade, "what really did it for Netflix was the explosion of phones and tablets that allowed people to watch video everywhere," said Wedbush Securities analyst Michael Pachter. "But Netflix clearly had a vision before those devices became so ubiquitous."
About 51 million of Netflix's subscribers are in the U.S. By the end of this year, Piper Jaffray analyst Michael Olson expects the majority of the company's subscribers to be overseas. Netflix ended March with nearly 48 million subscribers outside the U.S.
Netflix CEO Reed Hastings expects the next 100 million subscribers to come more quickly than the first 100 million, but he didn't provide a specific timetable during online video review of the company's first quarter.
"Everybody watches TV and nearly everybody has the internet, so I don't see anything that's going to stop Netflix from getting to most people in the United States and then eventually hopefully most people around the world," Hastings said.
Progress toward that ambitious goal has helped drive the company's stock price progressively higher over the past five years. In that time, Netflix has added 72 million more subscribers.
The Los Gatos, California company currently has a market value of about $63 billion. Its stock rose $1.90 to $149.15 in Monday's extended trading, even though subscriber growth during the first quarter came in slightly below management forecasts.
STILL CHASING HBO
For all its success, Netflix still has a ways to go before it catches up with HBO, the popular pay-TV channel that has served as its role model. HBO has 134 million subscribers worldwide, including viewers paying for an internet-only version of the channel that was inspired by Netflix's success.
Other cable channels also are offering internet-only options as more viewers, especially younger people, eschew traditional TV packages and subscribe to streaming services instead.
The trend has confronted Netflix with more competition in the battle for household entertainment budgets. Netflix so far has answered the challenge by spending heavily on original shows such as "Stranger Things" and "House of Cards" and selling its service at a relatively low price. Netflix's subscriptions range from $8 to $12 per month, with the most popular option at $10.
"The model works from a consumer perspective because it is such a good value," Pachter said.
In a measure of how much Netflix subscribers like the service, Hastings said Monday that they collectively stream more than 1 billion hours of programming per week.
By comparison, Google says about 1 billion hours of video per day are watched on its mostly free YouTube service. "We have YouTube envy," Hastings joked.
WILL NETFLIX RAISE PRICES?
Pachter and other analysts wonder how long Netflix will be able to hold the line on price as its programming costs rise in tandem with its appeal to a more diverse international audience. Movie and TV studios typically also demand more money as more people subscribe to channels to in an effort to make as much as possible off their content.
As it is, Netflix expects to spend about $6 billion on programming this year.
Netflix hasn't given any inkling it will raise prices again. It lost some long-time U.S. subscribers after their rates went up by as much as $2 per month last year. Netflix had previously frozen prices for millions of subscribers at 2014 levels.
But if it wants to keep investors happy, the company will eventually have to improve its relatively low profit margin. The Los Gatos, California, company earned $178 million on revenue of $2.6 billion in the first quarter. Analysts predict Netflix will make $482 million on revenue of more than $11 billion for the entire year.
BRISTOL, R.I. (AP) — U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is skipping President Donald Trump's first State of the Union address while she travels to Rhode Island to speak to a group of law students.
Ginsburg is scheduled to speak on Tuesday at Roger Williams University School of Law in Bristol.
The talk will only be open to students, faculty and staff, although members of the media are allowed.
During her trip to Rhode Island, Ginsburg also is set to make stops at a synagogue and at U.S. District Court, both in Providence. Both stops are closed to the media.
The trailblazing, 84-year-old justice is the subject of a new documentary called "RBG," which just premiered at the Sundance Film Festival.
By Ernie Palladino
» More Ernie Palladino Columns
The inarguable fact is that Aaron Judge has become the face of the Yankees.
But here's another one: A body is comprised of more than a face. And when you're talking about these Baby Bombers as they attempt to distance themselves from the rest of the AL East, one should remember that a lot of other parts have gotten involved.
In essence, there's a lot of good going on besides Judge's massive, monstrous homers and his dominance over exit velo, the Statcast set's newest fascination.
For all the exotic numbers the larger-than-life rookie has entered into that web-based pleasure dome for seamheads, recording five of the top six hardest-hit balls in baseball wouldn't count for much without others helping out.
Let's also not forget the Triple Crown potential Judge's league lead in batting average (.347), homers (22) and barely runner-up status with 49 RBI has generated doesn't happen without others reaching base.
MORE: Sabathia Leaves With Injury, Yankees Eventually Fall To Angels In 11
And those leads Judge's blasts afford wouldn't stand up if not for a pitching resurgence that has solidified what was once a shaky rotation.
In other words, a lot of good has come from a lot of different people in helping Joe Girardi's crew build a 38-24 record, trailing only the 44-22 Astros in the American League and leading the Red Sox by three games in the East.
Even Masahiro Tanaka had finally gotten into the act. After a 2 1/2-month struggle, his 6 2/3-inning, one-earned-run performance Monday night in Anaheim indicated he might have turned a corner. He might even have come away with a win, in fact, had Judge not set up a tying hit with a throwing error.
Decision or not, Tanaka's four-hit effort, highlighted by eight strikeouts against just two walks, put him in the company of fellow starters CC Sabathia, Michael Pineda, Luis Severino and, yes, even Jordan Montgomery in win worthiness.
MORE: Silverman: Don't Sleep On The Yankees' Rotation — It's Really Good
Hitting? It's been more than Judge.
The 5-3 win over the Angels broke a five-game streak in which the offense scored at least eight runs and a four-game streak in which the lineup produced three homers.
After all, a team that hands Baltimore 16-3 and 14-3 beatings over the weekend doesn't do that off one player alone.
Gary Sanchez, acknowledged now as so ideal a complement to Judge that pundits have coupled their names with Mantle and Maris, has made himself a home in the No. 6 hole. Since his placement there at the beginning of the streak, he has slashed at .429/.478/1.095 with nine runs, two doubles, four homers and 13 RBI.
Elder statesman Matt Holliday had reached safely in 14 straight games since May 30, hitting .321 over that stretch with four homers and 14 RBIs. Starlin Castro banged three homers in three days against Baltimore. Aaron Hicks continues to keep highly prized prospect Clint Frazier in the minors because there's just nowhere to put him in the outfield, even as Jacoby Ellsbury fights off the effects of a concussion on the DL.
Judge isn't the only one with double-figure home runs. Castro, Hicks, Holliday, Sanchez and Brett Gardner have done that, too — though their totals together wouldn't match the mileage Judge puts on his clouts.
Then again, they all count, whether they go 495 or barely clear the fence.
Judge is clearly the face of the Yanks. He has earned that with his Ruthian power and his humble, team-first attitude.
But it is true that a lot of others are generating excitement, too.
Especially at this high point, the Yanks have become the sum of their pinstripes.
Please follow Ernie on Twitter at @ErniePalladino
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Both Prince Harry and Ms. Markle have taken a great deal of interest and care in choosing the music for their Service, which will include a number of well-known hymns and choral works.⁰⁰
Find out more here: https://t.co/cy4c3rjDUi — Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) April 24, 2018
As Meghan Markle and Prince Harry prepare to walk down the aisle on May 19, Kensington Palace has shared details about the music for their royal wedding service at St. George's Chapel.James Vivian, Director of Music for the chapel, will serve as the music director for the wedding. Vivian will conduct the Choir of St. George's Chapel, which is comprised of up to 23 boys from St. George's School and 12 Lay Clerks singing alto, tenor and bass.Cellist Sheku Kanneh-Mason, 19-year-old winner of the BBC Young Musician 2016, was personally called by Markle to perform at the wedding. The Kingdom Choir, founded and directed by Karen Gibson, will also perform at the wedding.The orchestra, conducted by Christopher Warren-Green, will be comprised of musicians from the BBC National Orchestra of Wales, the English Chamber Orchestra and the Philharmonia. Soprano Elin Manahan Thomas and trumpet player David Blackadder will join the orchestra.Luke Bond will play organ for the wedding, and the State Trumpeters will provide ceremonial support during the service.
Now Playing: Search Resumes for Plane With 6 on Board That Disappeared Over Lake Erie
Now Playing: 2 Dead, 2 Injured in Shooting Outside Rapper Meek Mill Concert in Connecticut
Now Playing: Silent March in Downtown Chicago Against Violence
Now Playing: Man Survives 30 Hours in Mountains After Getting Lost Snowshoeing
Now Playing: Manhunt in NYC for Escaped Prisoner Still Wearing Shackles
Now Playing: Moose Runs Alongside Car on Montana Highway
Now Playing: Retrial for Former North Charleston Officer Michael Slager Scheduled for March
Now Playing: Convoy of Vehicles Seen Leaving Russian Embassy Compound in Maryland
Now Playing: 1 Dead After Fall From Colorado Chairlift: Police
Now Playing: Texas Cop Orders Teen to Do Push-Ups Over Suspected Pot Smoking
Now Playing: Officer Trying to Arrest Suspect Shot by Fellow Officer
Now Playing: Customers Wait in Line for Final Pastrami Sandwiches at NY Carnegie Deli
Now Playing: Man Claims Police Brutality After Body Cam Shows Officer Pushing Him
Now Playing: Major Snowstorm Headed for Northeast
Now Playing: 3 Teens Rescued From Capsized Boat off Florida Keys
Now Playing: Missing Great-Grandmother, Child Found Alive in Virginia
Now Playing: Sledgehammer-Wielding Man Steals Thousands in Jewelry From Kohl's
Now Playing: Video Appears to Show Cop Shooting Man Walking Away
Now Playing: Firefighters Rescue Dog From Icy Lake
SHARJAH, United Arab Emirates--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--For the past couple of years, the Sharjah International Award for Refugee Advocacy and Support (SIARA) has been shining a spotlight on the achievements of unsung heroes working for refugees and stateless people at a time when the world is witnessing unprecedented levels of displacement globally, with over 65 million people forced to flee their homes, including some 21.3 million refugees.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005666/en/
A picture from the activities Dignity Foundation organizes for refugee children (Photo: The Big Heart Foundation)
The Dignity for Children Foundation from Malaysia, has been announced the recipient of the second edition of the award whose value was further appreciated this year to USD 136,000 (AED 500,000), in recognition of their outstanding efforts in Asia and the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region.
This year, the foundation celebrates its 20th anniversary and now provides educational services to approximately 1,100 refugees, stateless people, undocumented students and other marginalised groups in the Malaysian community of Kuala Lumpur.
The award, established by the Sharjah-based global humanitarian charity, The Big Heart Foundation (TBHF) has garnered huge praise and support from humanitarian organisations and the international community, including the likes of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), who have said that it offers a valuable platform to showcase solidarity with displaced people.
As the third largest emirate of the United Arab Emirates (UAE), and one of the cultural and humanitarian centres of the Arab region, Sharjah, under the vision of its leadership represented by His Highness Sheikh Dr. Sultan bin Muhammad Al Qasimi, Ruler of Sharjah, UAE, and Her Highness Sheikha Jawaher bint Mohammed Al Qasimi, wife of His Highness the Ruler of Sharjah, Chairperson of TBHF and UNHCR Eminent Advocate for Refugee Children, continues to champion philanthropic efforts by individuals and organisations around the world.
At a time when the region hosts 39 percent of forcibly displaced people, including 5 million Syrian refugees, initiatives that celebrate community spirit and humanitarian efforts are of essence.
Further information about TBHF can be found on the foundation's website: http://tbhf.ae.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005666/en/
CONTACT: National Network Communications (NNC)
Fadia Daouk, Mob: +971 52 617 2111
KEYWORD: UNITED ARAB EMIRATES MALAYSIA ASIA PACIFIC NORTH AMERICA CANADA MIDDLE EAST
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: PHILANTHROPY OTHER PHILANTHROPY FOUNDATION FUND RAISING
SOURCE: Sharjah International Award for Refugee Advocacy and Support
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 08:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 08:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005666/en
Amazon says it is taking action against potentially counterfeit solar eclipse glasses.
The company said Sunday that it contacted and issued refunds to some customers who purchased glasses on Amazon that "may not comply with industry standards."
Amazon has also removed a few listings for glasses on its website "out of an abundance of caution." It did not name any of those listings in its statement.
RELATED: Where to find affordable eclipse glasses
To safely view the solar eclipse August 21, you'll need a special pair of ultra-dark sunglasses. There has been enormous demand for those kinds of glasses, which prevent the permanent eye damage that the sun's rays could cause.
But that demand has been followed by reports that knockoff eclipse glasses -- which may not provide adequate protection -- have flooded the market.
The American Astronomical Society said last week that it updated its safety advice "in response to alarming reports" of unsafe glasses selling online.
The organization says buyers should be skeptical of glasses even if they're stamped with an ISO seal, which has been used in the past to indicate which glasses comply with standards set by the International Organization for Standardization.
To help tamp down on fraud, the AAS posted a list of verified vendors and websites where those eclipse glasses are sold.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — LeBron James had 25 points, 14 assists and eight rebounds to turn back a charge from Andrew Wiggins and help the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 116-108 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves on Tuesday night.
Channing Frye had 21 points and 10 rebounds while starting for All-Star Kevin Love, who will miss at least the next six weeks after having surgery on his left knee. Kyre Irving scored 25 points for the Cavs and James sealed the victory with a stepback 3-pointer with two minutes to play.
Wiggins scored 41 points against the team that drafted him and Karl-Anthony Towns scored 26 for the Wolves, who finished a six-game homestand at 2-4. The Wolves allowed Cleveland to shoot 51 percent and hit 13 3s.
BULLS 105, RAPTORS 94
CHICAGO (AP) — Doug McDermott scored 20 points, All-Star Jimmy Butler had 19 points and 12 assists in his return to the lineup, and Chicago beat Toronto for the 11th straight time.
Taj Gibson had 14 points and Rajon Rondo added 12 for the Bulls, who led by as many as 23 points and never trailed in the final three quarters to snap a three-game skid.
Toronto's last win in the series was Dec. 31, 2013.
Kyle Lowry scored 22 points to lead the Raptors, who lost their third straight and fell one-half game behind idle Atlanta for the No. 4 seed in the Eastern Conference. DeMar DeRozan was limited to 18 points — 10 below his season average. He was whistled for his second technical found in the final minute and ejected from the game.
KINGS 97, LAKERS 96
LOS ANGELES (AP) — DeMarcus Cousins had 40 points and 12 rebounds, and Sacramento held on for its fourth straight win.
Lou Williams scored 29 points off the bench to lead the Lakers, who rallied from 13 down early in the fourth quarter and tied the game 91-all on his 3-pointer with 1:31 to play.
Los Angeles pulled even twice more, including on another 3 by Williams, but couldn't overcome Cousins, who scored the final 10 points for Sacramento.
Williams' potential game-winning 3 went wide right of the basket at the buzzer. He was 4 of 11 from long range.
The Lakers got within two in the third only to have the Kings run off nine points in a row and extend their lead to 68-57. Williams made a 3 and another basket, and Larry Nance Jr. scored to cut Sacramento's lead to 70-64 heading into the fourth.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt announced a new rule Tuesday that would limit what kind of science the EPA can consider in writing new environmental rules.
Interested in Trump Administration? Add Trump Administration as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Trump Administration news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Pruitt said the rule would ban the EPA from relying on what he called "secret science," research that didn't make the raw data behind it available to the general public, saying the new proposal makes the process more transparent.
But seven Senate Democrats on the committee with oversight of EPA wrote to Pruitt saying that the new rule could violate laws that require agencies to use "the best available science."
The new rule announced has a similar goal as legislation pushed by the chairman of the House Science Committee, Rep. Lamar Smith, R-Texas, nicknamed the HONEST Act. Pruitt thanked Smith at the short event announcing the rule at the EPA on Tuesday.
"This is really a great day, it's a banner day," Pruitt said.
He said in the announcement that making public data available will allow outside groups or members of the public to try to replicate results cited in studies used to write new rules.
“The era of secret science at EPA is coming to an end,” Pruitt said in a statement. “The ability to test, authenticate, and reproduce scientific findings is vital for the integrity of the rulemaking process. Americans deserve to assess the legitimacy of the science underpinning EPA decisions that may impact their lives.”
But critics of the policy, including former EPA administrator Gina McCarthy, say the new rule could undermine rules intended to protect public health because the studies used to support those rules rely on private health data.
"Don't be fooled by this talk of transparency. [Pruitt] and some conservative members of Congress are setting up a nonexistent problem in order to prevent the E.P.A. from using the best available science," McCarthy wrote in a New York Times op-ed with the former head of the EPA's air office.
In that op-ed McCarthy also wrote that, if implemented, the rule could undermine rules intended to protect health at other agencies because they also rely on studies that use public health data that is not publicly available.
Almost 1,000 scientists signed on to a letter urging Pruitt to abandon the proposal. That letter, posted by the Union of Concerned Scientists, says that the proposal weaponizes the idea of "transparency" to allow political interference in decisionmaking that is supposed to be based on scientific evidence.
Smith said that personal information could be redacted, despite arguments from what he called "alarmist environmental groups."
The EPA says that its policy will be similar to rules put in place by scientific journals like Science and Nature that require that researchers make data available to readers or for other scientists. If the data contains sensitive information like health-related data the proposed rule says that the agency could restrict access or require an application before a member of the public can view it.
Tuesday's event was live streamed on the EPA's website but reporters were not in the room.
The rule will be posted to the Federal Register for 30 days of public comment.
Songs of 2016 that you must add to your New Years playlist
The year 2016 has been no less than a roller coaster with its highs and lows, the year brought plenty of highs and lows and came with some good music that can sway and make you tap to the beat. Songs like Baby Ko Bass Pasand Hai and Afreen and Afreen took the cake, and had people wrapped around the rhythm. The songs that you'd want constantly hear will certainly be on your playlist in 2017.
Below are the numbers that you and I love-eee!
1.Starboy – The Weeknd ft. Daft Punk
2.This Is What You Came For – Calvin Harris
3.Closer – The Chainsmokers
4.Heathens – Suicide Squad
5.One Dance – Travis Garland
6. Treat You Better – Shawn Mendes
7.Don't Let Me Down – The Chainsmokers
8.In The Name of Love – Martin Garrix & Bebe Rexha
9.Let Me love you – Justin Bieber
10. Hymn for the weekend – Coldplay
There were some Pakistani numbers that topped the list too :
11. Tera Woh Pyar – Momina Mustehsan and Asim Azhar
12.Afreen Afeen – Rahat Fateh Ai Khan and Momina Mustehsan
13. Larrgayian – Dobara Phir Se
14. Shakar Wandaan Re – Ho Mann Jahan
15.Aaqa – Abida Parveen and Ali Sethi
Then there were few of Hollywood tracks that all of us went gaga over
15. Baby Ko Bass – Sultan
16. Kaala Chashma – Baar Baar Dekho
17. The Humma Song – OK Jnau
18. Nachde Ne Saare – Baar Baar Dekho
19.Nashe Si Chargh Gai – Befrikre
20. Kar Gayi Chul – Kapoor and Sons
21. Breakup Song – Ae Dil Hai Mushkil
22. Jag Ghoomiya – Sultan
Which ones do you think will make it to your playlist?
Please follow and like us:
Comments
comments
WASHINGTON (AP) — The top commander of U.S. and coalition forces in Afghanistan says some Taliban fighters and leaders are talking to the Afghan government about peace prospects.
Gen. John Nicholson told reporters at the Pentagon on Wednesday that he could not be more specific about this because the talks are confidential. He said they involve mid-level as well as high-level Taliban figures in exploratory contacts that are taking place "off stage," even as fighting continues.
In what he suggested was evidence of interest in a peace process, Nicholson said the Taliban's spring offensive, announced in late April, has been less intense than in recent years. He also argued that Afghan government forces are demonstrating an improved ability to defeat Taliban attacks.
Girindra Nath Jha was born and raised in the tiny village of Chanka, a settlement in the state of Bihar in northern India, close to the Nepal border. It's mostly grassy fields and mud huts with thatched roofs. It gets just seven hours of electricity per day and its first paved road arrived only last year. None of the homes have toilets.
And a lot of its 7,000 residents have gray hair.
But not Jha, a 34-year-old who wears a cotton scarf around his neck and a happy smile on his face. He understands why other young people leave: "The village doesn't offer them any kind of employment and they don't want to work in the fields."
In India, being a farmer is considered to be backward unless you are a landowner, which means you control hundreds of acres and employ people to work in your fields. For poor villagers with very little land, the only discernible route to success is fleeing to somewhere else, either for education or for work.
The plan doesn't always pan out, particularly when they don't have the skills to land better paying jobs. "In big cities they end up becoming daily wage laborers," Jha notes. "They work in construction, carrying loads of bricks on their heads."
Jha left his village and family after he graduated from high school. He went 500 miles away to New Delhi, where he got a degree in economics from Delhi University — one of India's premier colleges — and obtained a master's degree in journalism from the YMCA Institute of Career Studies. His education helped him land a job as an editor for a newspaper in New Delhi, where he worked for several years. But Chanka never left his mind.
So in 2012, Jha quit his job and returned to his village. He has been living there ever since.
He has trouble describing why he yearned to work on his family's farm. "I have a kind of love affair with Chanka," he says. "It soothes my soul. The childhood memories have never left me."
Most young people throughout India dream of having a life like Jha had outside of the village. People in Delhi laughed at him when he shared that he wanted to give up his career and city life so he could go back and work on his farm.
But he was determined. He wanted to set an example and inspire other young men not to leave their homes and villages, and most of all, not to give up on farming.
India's economy is largely agricultural despite the large number of people migrating from villages to cities — according to the 2011 census, 83.3 million live in rural areas while 37.7 million live in urban ones. "The old men and women are left to toil in the fields. They need young people," Jha says. Will he return to the city one day? "Not at all," he vows. "It's not going to happen."
Since returning, he has helped his parents work their land. In addition to the wheat, corn and potato growing in their fields, he has planted 1,000 Kadamb trees. He says it's a long-term plan, because in 15 years he will have a big crop of timber, which can be used to make plywood.
In the meantime, Jha hasn't given up on his journalism career. He continues to write for newspapers and magazines from his village. He writes about village life for city folks. In one recent article, he addressed the government's push for creating "smart cities" and questioned when it would do the same for "smart farmers." Another favorite topic: his love for writing, or as he calls it, "ink and pen."
His friends from New Delhi and even ones from abroad are curious to see what kind of life Jha has created for himself in his village. They often visit.
So last year, Jha started what he calls the "Chanka Residency" for writers. Participants live in a mud hut with him and his family — it's rustic and peaceful, but there's internet. The first guest was Ian Woolford, an American who teaches Hindi language and courses on South Asian culture at La Trobe University in Melbourne, Australia. During his week-long stay, Woolford says, "We sat outside and drank tea by the fire each morning and evening. We pulled radishes from the field and ate them along with vegetables and roti. And we read each other our writing as we produced it, encouraging each other along."
It's an experience Woolford recommends. "I hope that academics, writers and artists might visit — if only out of curiosity — and then fall in love with Bihar, as I did when I first visited," he says. More than 50 other people have come so far.
Even more important to Jha is changing the image of village life among his neighbors. He is committed to bringing people back to their roots and in touch with agriculture.
Armed with two degrees from the capital's top institutions, he has been teaching as much as possible. He says most young men in his village have smartphones; he has been showing them how to use the devices to download apps that are designed for farmers and keep on top of farming-related news about tools, fertilizers and more. He also organizes daily classes for kids on farming, life in the city and some basic English.
Kalpana Devi, the village head, says, "Girindra Nath's residency brings people in the village from all over the world, which is good for the villagers because they get to learn and write. But I often hear parents saying their children are distracted and don't work as hard in the field when the guests from abroad and big cities come to Chanka. They like to hang out with the guests."
This exposure to the outside world may be just what the next generation needs, says Anand Dwivedi, who grew up in Bihar and works at the University of Pennsylvania as a director of the Hindi language and culture program. "Now is a good time since people are more open to different ideas and occupations, professions of different kinds, careers in creative fields," he says.
Getting this education in Chanka could mean young people have less of an incentive to leave. And maybe, like Jha, they'll help write a new future for their village.
Deepak Singh is the author of How May I Help You? An Immigrant's Journey From MBA to Minimum Wage. Contact him @deepakwriter.
Mr. Drake, age 50, of Lebanon, passed away Monday, April 23, 2018 at Alive Hospice.
He is preceded in death by his father, Guy Drake Jr.; mother, Maybelle Drake; brother, Jimmy Modrall; maternal grandparents, James and Mildred Jones; and paternal grandparents, Guy and Helen Drake.
He is survived by his children, Tiffany Drake (Logan) Cox, Gerald Wayne Drake Jr., Brittany Whited; siblings, Debrah Modrall, Nancy (Doug) Higdon, Tommy (Glenna) Drake, Albert Drake, and his daughters, Taylor Drake, Emma Drake; granddaughter, Aria Cox; special friends, Tony Parkerson, Pat Isbell, Kevin Howell, Jason Partlow; and numerous loving family and friends.
He was a lifelong Tennessee Vols fan.
In lieu of flowers, the family requests contributions be made to Alive Hospice.
Partlow Funeral Chapel is in charge of arrangements, 615-444-7007, obit line 615-444-7700, partlowchapel.com.
With The Lebanon Democrat's new obituary email newsletter, you can stay up to date and have the latest obituary notices sent directly to your inbox as they are published. Click here to sign up today.
Los Angeles Dodgers third baseman Justin Turner suffered a broken left wrist after he was hit by a pitch in a spring training game on Monday night.
Turner was hit by a Kendall Graveman pitch in the first inning of the Dodgers' 3-1 win over the Oakland Athletics.
There is no timetable yet for Turner's return.
Slated to bat third in Los Angeles' lineup this season, Turner is coming off a 2017 season in which he hit 21 homers and produced a slash line of .322/.415/.530.
Turner is in the second year of a four-year, $64 million deal with the Dodgers.
০ = 0, ১ = 1, ২ = 2, ৩ = 3, ৪ = 4, ৫ = 5, ৬ = 6, ৭ = 7, ৮ = 8, ৯ = 9
্ = See example (Hasant/Viram) ় = * (Nukta) ʼ = ' (Urdhacomma) ঽ = & (Avagrah) ৺ = ~ (Isshar) ৹ = a~ (Bengali ana sign) ৲ = Rs~ (Bengali Rupee sign) ৳ = T~ (Taka sign) । = | (Devanagari danda) ॥ = || (Devanagari double danda) ₹ = Rs (Indian Rupee sign) 卐 = +~ (Swastika sign) Zero Width Joiner = ^ Zero Width Non Joiner = ^^
These symbols will type Bengali characters first but if "~" will be followed, it will remove previously typed Bengali character and then type the symbol.
Symbols & ~ * : ^ | ' have special meaning. You can type this way & = &~ ~ = ~~ * = *~ : = :~ ^ = ^~ | = |~ ' = '~
The English symbols [ ] { } ( ) < > - + / = ; . , " ? ! % \ _ $ @ # translate into the same symbols.
Example নমস্কার can be written by typing "namaskaar"
As per Rule # 3, ligature will be rendered. ZWJ and ZWNJ characters are used to produce alternate rendering of ligature.
A consonant followed by ZWJ character will produce half-formed consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‍ন = prash^n
A consonant followed by ZWNJ character will produce dead consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‌ন = prash^^n
If two english characters are making one Bengali Vowel (i.e. ai, au), then
ZWJ character is used to separate them into two different vowels. It will not
add ZWJ character but only considered as the separator between two
vowels.
Searing temperatures and drought conditions throughout much of the American West has caused many communities to ban traditional Fourth of July fireworks displays.
The heatwave across much of the West, where wide swaths have been charred by wildfires and the mercury has risen to triple digits in some places like California and Arizona, caused local officials to nix Independence Day fireworks.
In Colorado, 40 percent of the state's towns and communities canceled fireworks displays.
Seven communities in Arizona canceled their displays as well.
Officials in Winters, California cited "poor quality and smoke covering the town" as the central reasons to skip the fireworks there.
Hugh Carey/AP
And in Parowan, Utah, law enforcement officials put a ban in place of "ALL fireworks."
Today, Parowan City announced online that they were also canceling the fireworks show "due to the extremely dry conditions this year."
Despite the news of the cancellations, not all the skies will go dark all. Some communities who are going fireworks-free, are trying out a less combustible alternative: drones.
Intel made a hit during the Winter Olympics in South Korea when they put on display a choreographed series of drones.
Initially, Travis Air Force Base outside San Francisco, which lies an hour south of the Yolo and Napa county fires exploding there that has forced many residents to evacuate, opted for the Intel drone works this year.
But due to the wind speeds, the drones were also grounded for at least one day.
"The drone show scheduled for July 4, 2018, at Travis Air Force Base has been canceled and rescheduled," a statement by the military base confirmed.
Josh Edelson/AFP/Getty Images
It added the drones would take flight instead on July 5 "pending adequate weather conditions."
In a separate statement Intel acknowledged that it had to cancel the drone alternative due to the conditions.
"We decided to cancel the performance today as a result of high winds that would have interfered with drone flight. Our drones can fly in winds up to 18 miles per hour, but the forecast calls for winds over 30 mph for the time frame we were planning to fly. We emphasize safety in our drone performances, including in our operations, the design of the drones, and the use of systems like geofencing and auto-land contingencies," read the statement.
Aspen, Colorado, and a group of Arizona towns will also be experimenting with drone shows.
Colorado firefighters are working to put out six wildfires, all being called "Spring Fire," which have been ravaging 123 square miles of terrain.
The bone-dry, blustery conditions caused by drought across the West were expected to persist through the end of July in California, Utah, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon and Washington, U.S. fire officials said. Southwest states like Arizona, New Mexico and Colorado are expecting downpours to quell the fire risk, the National Interagency Fire Center reported.
Noah Berger/AP
Wildfires in Northern California are endangering around 1,000 homes and structures.
Predicted cool temperatures offer some hope that some 2,500 residents, who have been forced from their homes for days, could return.
State officials are concerned about the shifting wind conditions and heavy, thick brush that can fuel the fires could make containment difficult.
Blazes in three rural counties, including Napa and Yolo, tore through almost 73,000 acres and is only 15 percent contained, fire officials confirmed.
Josh Edelson/AFP/Getty Images
To battle them, firefighters have utilized a mix of aircraft, bulldozers and backfires.
Since Sunday, wildfires in Utah has ravaged 47 square miles and destroyed 20 to 30 structures that include homes and cabins in high altitude mountainsides, Gov. Gary Herbert said.
As many as 200 to 300 homes have been evacuated and remain threatened by wind-fueled fires raging near a fishing reservoir southeast of Salt Lake City.
And in New Mexico, three national forests have yet to see a blaze breakout, but shuttered for the holday because of the threat of wildfire.
ABC News' Max Golembo, Bonnie Mclean and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
The Department of Justice (DOJ) is set to hear the criminal case filed against six suspects arrested in the P3-billion drug bust operations in San Juan City last Dec. 23.
Suspects Shi Gui Xiong aka “Xiong,” 44 years old; Che Wen De aka “Jacky Tan,” 44 years old; Wu Li Yong aka David Go, 44 years old; and their alleged Filipino cohorts Abdullah Mahmod Jahmal, 33 years old; Salim Cocodao Arafat, 19 years old; and Basher Tawaki Jamal, 19 are expected to appear and respond to the criminal complaint filed against them.
There are facing a case for violation of Republic Act No. 9165 or the Comprehensive Dangerous Drugs Act of 2002, specifically for manufacture, trading, delivery, distribution, possession and transportation of illegal drugs.
ADVERTISEMENT
The drug bust in San Juan is by far the biggest haul under the Duterte administration.
All six suspects were charged before the DOJ last Dec. 27. They underwent inquest proceedings before Assistant State Prosecutors Mary Jane Sytat and Ethel Rhea Suril.
Assisted by public attorney, they opted to answer the charges in a PI as they waived their right to immediate resolution of charges for their immediate release.
CAIRO (AP) — Egypt has put on display ancient artifacts recently retrieved from Italy after they were confiscated by the Italian police months ago.
Sabah Abdel-Razek, the general director of the Egyptian Museum, told The Associated Press on Wednesday that the artifacts include five burial masks, 11 vessels, 151 small statutes and over 20,000 coins from different eras.
Egyptian authorities have said the artifacts were likely excavated and smuggled out of the country in secret, as no museum has records of them.
Egypt says it has retrieved around 1,000 artifacts from 10 different countries over the past two years.
1010 WINS — Award-winning teen actress and producer Bailee Madison, who is now the co-author of her first young adult novel, stopped by The Trend to talk about Losing Brave.
Madison and Reader's Choice Award finalist author Stefne Miller have teamed up to write the psychological thriller which is also Bailee's first fiction book.
Losing Brave centers around the main character Payton and a tragic event. Trend host Rebecca Granet asked Bailee if she had a specific inspiration for the character or if it was a multitude of different things coming together.
“I was very fortunate to write this book with Stefne Miller whose a dear friend of mine and incredibly talented author, so I think Payton specifically was inspired by parts of myself but also stories that Stefne has actually gone through at my age and memories she has so, um, it was both of us collaborating to try and figure out little tactics that each character has — it's a very character driven book so it was very important to us to make each character their own person and very unique to the book.”
Bailee also said she is so grateful to Stefne and wouldn't have been able to do it without her.
“She knows this world,” Bailee said. “This is the world she's grown up in and the world that I've grown up in is the business side in front of the camera so I was constantly being nourished and my mind was constantly learning because of what she knew but I think what's most surprising is the stages of revisions. I think even her as a successful author — she still gets surprised with the revisions sometimes – you go through so many stages.”
“I mean, our book started off completely different that what it is now. The core of it has remained the same – the values that we wanted to put in the first book remain there but at first it was this kind of offbeat, witty you know, kind of drumming its own beat and then it became this psychological thriller that was this really fun transition to make.”
Losing Brave is a gripping tale of overcoming tragedy, uncovering truth in uncertainty, and coming of age.
RIYADH, Saudi Arabia (AP) — Saudi Arabia says it will allow movie theaters to open in the conservative kingdom next year, for the first time in more than 35 years. It's the latest move as part of the young crown prince's efforts to socially reform the country.
The kingdom says a resolution was passed on Monday paving way for licenses to be granted to commercial movie theaters. Movie theaters were shut down in the 1980's during a wave of ultraconservatism in the country.
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has pushed for greater social openings, including lifting a ban on women driving next year and bringing back concerts and other forms of entertainment to satiate the desires of the country's majority young population.
The government says the first cinemas are expected to open in March 2018.
CHICO, Calif. (AP) — At churches, fairgrounds and other makeshift shelters, thousands of Californians packed what belongings they had into garbage bags and suitcases to return home Tuesday, two days after they were told to flee the threat of massive flooding from a dam's damaged spillway.
They expressed relief as authorities lifted an evacuation order for nearly 200,000 residents who live below the nation's tallest dam. Some voiced frustration at how authorities handled the disaster that never happened. Most were just happy to be heading home.
"You don't appreciate home until it's taken away from you," said Oroville resident Margaret Johnston, 69, one of hundreds who had sought shelter at the Neighborhood Church of Chico, northwest of her town.
Johnston and others huddled around televisions to watch a live broadcast where Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said the risk of the spillway collapsing was significantly reduced. But he said the region would remain under an evacuation warning, meaning residents needed to be ready to flee again if conditions worsen.
"It was just frustrating. Very frustrating," Johnston said about the back-and-forth from officials and the mad rush to get out of Oroville after the evacuation order Sunday.
She fled with her two sons, packing a few blankets, pillows and clothes into a black garbage bag.
"It feels great to be going home," Johnston said.
State water officials said they had drained enough of the lake behind Oroville Dam so that its earthen emergency spillway will not be needed to handle runoff from an approaching storm.
"It's great, all of us can finally go home," said Pedro Mota of Gridley, who has been staying at a Red Cross shelter at a fairground in Chico with his wife and four young children. He wasn't concerned by the on-again, off-again evacuation.
"They're doing their job. They're going to know more than me," he said by telephone. "I'm just going to listen to them and follow their advice on it."
Mota said he would be prepared if the sirens sound again.
"I'm still going to play it by ear, head back home but still have things packed and ready to go just in case they make it mandatory," he said.
Rod Remocal and his wife, Kelly, were taking the same cautious approach.
"This time we're going to be on call like they said," said Remocal, who lives in Biggs, west of Oroville.
When the couple left in a rush Sunday night, they grabbed their four dogs, blankets and a few important papers as sirens sounded and a fire truck's loud speaker told them to flee immediately.
"We're all coming back and pack and be ready this time," he said by telephone after leaving the Red Cross shelter earlier in the day.
On his drive back, Remocal noticed law enforcement stationed at every major intersection as officers prepared to guide the expected parade of vehicles back home. He said traffic was flowing smoothly, in sharp contrast with the chaotic mass flight of thousands of vehicles two days earlier.
He praised the Red Cross and other emergency workers and said he was happy when the evacuation order ended.
"It just took a big load off me, man, just the thrill of relief," he said.
___
Thompson reported from Sacramento. Associated Press writer Jocelyn Gecker contributed from San Francisco.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel made it clear, Monday evening, that she rejects all forms of anti-Semitism and xenophobia.
Merkel added, "The government must fight all these cases with all its might." On Friday, police in Berlin arrested ten demonstrators who took part in a demonstration outside the United States embassy in which they burned Israeli flags in protest of US recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
A 27-year-old man from Ein Nakuba was arrested after he allegedly cheated and extorted from an elderly person more than 3 million NIS.
Police raided his home and found an expensive car and engineering equipment allegedly purchased from money taken from the old man.
The man was remanded in custody until Thursday and his wife was detained for interrogation.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Brushing aside opposition from the Justice Department, Republicans on the House intelligence committee voted Monday to release a classified memo that purports to show improper use of surveillance by the FBI and the Justice Department in the Russia investigation.
The four-page memo has become a political flashpoint, with President Donald Trump and many Republicans pushing for its release and suggesting that some in the Justice Department and FBI have conspired against the president.
The memo was written by Republicans on the committee, led by chairman Rep. Devin Nunes of California, a close Trump ally who has become a fierce critic of the FBI and the Justice Department. Special counsel Robert Mueller is investigating Russian meddling in the 2016 election and whether Trump's campaign was involved.
Republicans have said the memo reveals grave concerns about abuses of the government surveillance powers in the Russia investigation. Democrats have called it a selectively edited group of GOP talking points that attempt to distract from the committee's own investigation into Russian meddling.
The vote to release the memo is an unprecedented move by the committee, which typically goes out of its way to protect classified information in the interest of protecting intelligence sources and methods. The memo was delivered by courier to the White House on Monday evening. Trump now has five days to object to its release by the committee.
The White House said late Monday that the president will meet with his national security team and White House counsel to discuss the memo in the coming days.
Republicans said they are confident that the release won't harm national security. They also said they would not release the underlying intelligence that informed the memo.
"You'll see for yourself that it's not necessary," said Texas Rep. Mike Conaway of Texas, who's leading the House's Russia investigation.
But Rep. Adam Schiff of California, the ranking Democrat on the committee, said the panel had "crossed a deeply regrettable line."
"Today this committee voted to put the president's personal interests, perhaps their own political interest, above the national interest," he said, noting that the memo's release could compromise intelligence sources and methods.
While Trump's White House signaled he would likely support the Republican memo's release, his Justice Department has voiced concerns.
In a letter to Nunes last week, Justice officials said releasing the classified memo could be "extraordinarily reckless" and asked to review it. Assistant Attorney General Stephen Boyd suggested that releasing classified information could damage the United States' relationship with other countries with which it shares intelligence.
After those complaints, FBI Director Christopher Wray reviewed the memo over the weekend.
Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., who was with Wray when he reviewed the memo, said the FBI director did not raise any national security concerns with him. Gowdy said the memo doesn't reveal any intelligence methods but it does reveal "one source."
But Schiff said that Wray told him Monday that the review didn't satisfy his concerns about the release of the memo. Wray wanted to brief the committee about FBI and Justice Department concerns ahead of any release, a request committee Republicans blocked, Schiff said.
The FBI did not respond to a request for comment Monday evening.
Privately, Trump has been fuming over the Justice Department's opposition to releasing the memo, according to an administration official not authorized to discuss private conversations and speaking on condition of anonymity.
At the behest of Trump, White House chief of staff John Kelly and other White House officials contacted Justice Department officials in the past week to convey the president's displeasure with the department's leadership on the issue specifically, the official said. In a series of calls, Kelly urged the Justice officials to do more within the bounds of the law to get the memo out, the official said.
It is still unclear how exactly when or how the memo will be released.
Conaway said the memo could be released within the five-day window if Trump signals his approval for releasing it. But committee rules don't address how that approval must be given — or what happens if it comes in the form of a tweet.
Some Republican senators have said they don't want to release the memo, and Democrats have pushed back on Republican criticism of the FBI, saying it is an attempt to discredit Mueller's investigation. The probe has already resulted in charges against four of Trump's former campaign advisers and has recently moved closer to Trump's inner circle.
"They will trample on anything to protect the White House at this point in time," said Rep. Mike Quigley, D-Ill., of the Republican move to release the memo.
Late Monday, House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi blamed House Speaker Paul Ryan, who oversees the intelligence panel and has deferred to Nunes, whom she called a "stooge." She said on CNN that Ryan is allowing the release of a "false memo based on a false premise."
In response, Democrats on the panel have put together their own memo. On Monday, the committee voted to make the Democratic memo available to all House members — but not the public. Conaway said he was open to making it public after House members have a chance to review it.
The fate of the Nunes memo is only the latest flashpoint in the contentious relationship between Trump and the Justice Department.
Trump has frequently raged at Attorney General Jeff Sessions for recusing himself from the Russia probe, a move the president believes was disloyal and led to the appointment of Mueller.
Separately Monday, Schiff and Conaway said former White House chief strategist, Steve Bannon, will appear for a closed-door interview Wednesday.
Bannon was interviewed by the committee earlier this month but refused to answer questions about his time in the Trump administration at the direction of the White House counsel's office. Bannon served on Trump's campaign and was the chief strategist in the White House until he left in August.
Bannon's refusal drew a subpoena from Nunes seeking to compel him to answer the committee's questions.
On Monday, Conaway said, "I expect our subpoena will be complied with."
___
Associated Press writer Zeke Miller contributed to this report.
CAIRO (AP) — The U.S.-led coalition against the Islamic State group says a service member has died in a "non-combat-related incident."
The statement released by the U.S. Central Command on Thursday did not give the soldier's nationality or provide further details. It says the soldier died Wednesday and that the incident is under investigation.
The soldier was part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the mission to defeat the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria.
MOSCOW (AP) — The Latest on Russian President Vladimir Putin's live call-in show (all times local):
12:35 p.m.
Russian President Vladimir Putin says that the U.S. Senate move to tighten sanctions against Moscow is part of efforts to contain Russia.
The Republican-led Senate voted Wednesday to punish Moscow for interfering in the 2016 election by approving a wide-ranging sanctions package that targets key sectors of Russia's economy and individuals who carried out cyberattacks.
Putin, speaking Thursday during a live call-in show televised nationwide, deplored the Senate's move but added that the Western sanctions against Moscow also have hurt the West itself.
He said that the sanctions have given Russia an incentive to shed its dependence on oil and gas exports and "switch on our brains and talents" to develop other industries.
Putin noted that electronics, aerospace industries and agriculture have all received a boost.
___
12:25 p.m.
Russian President Vladimir Putin says that Russia's economy has overcome a recession.
Putin said during Thursday's live call-in show televised nationwide that the "crisis is over," pointing at an economic growth over the past nine months. He also pointed at low inflation and rising hard currency reserves.
The Russian economy had plunged into recession under the impact of a drop in global oil prices and Western sanctions imposed on Moscow over its annexation of Ukraine's Crimean Peninsula and support for pro-Russia insurgents in eastern Ukraine.
Putin acknowledged that the Russian economy hasn't yet shed its dependence on exports of raw materials, but noted that non-energy exports have been growing.
An Algerian court on Tuesday sentenced a Liberian national of Lebanese origin to death and another seven African nationals from Guinea and Mali to 10 years in prison over espionage for Israel, the Turkish Anadolu news agency reported, citing an Algerian judicial source.
The eight were arrested in an operation carried out by the Algerian police in 2015 in the city of Ghardaia, 600 kilometers south of Algiers, and found with documents and communications equipment related to espionage for Israel, said the source, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
By Hayden Wright
The Weeknd's XO record label reps artists in a similar moody, dancy R&B space, including Toronto rapper/producer NAV, who released his debut The Introduction last year. On a new track called “Some Way,” the Weeknd lends NAV his support with vocals.
Related: The Weeknd's Albums and Mixtapes Ranked
The lyrics veer into the puerile but the beats are strong and the Weeknd's vocals are in top form. Check out the “Starboy” singer's latest collaboration here:
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Thunderstorms likely. Rainfall will be locally heavy at times. High 83F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 100%. 5 to 8 inches of rain expected. Localized flooding is possible..
Tonight
Partly cloudy skies. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 78F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph.
Rumor the German shepherd has become America's top dog.
Cheered loudly all around the ring by a packed crowd at Madison Square Garden, Rumor was picked as best in show at the Westminster Kennel Club on Tuesday night.
Rumor became just the second German shepherd to win the nation's most prestigious pooch parade, joining the fittingly named Manhattan in 1987. Rumor retired after a near-miss at Westminster last year, but she returned a month ago to give it another try.
The 5-year-old Rumor is named for the Adele hit song "Rumor Has It." This was the 104th career win for Rumor, and handler and co-owner Kent Boyles said earlier in the day that this would definitely, for real, be her last major show.
There were nearly 2,800 dogs entered in the 141st Westminster canine competition, spread across the 202 eligible breeds and varieties.
Rumor beat out a Norwegian elkhound, a Pekingese, a miniature poodle, an Irish setter, a boxer and a Norwich terrier in the final ring.
The? Phoenix Suns plan to suspend forward? Marquese Chriss?for a game stemming from a verbal confrontation with the team's strength coach, league sources told ESPN.
The incident occurred after Friday night's 129-97 loss to the Utah Jazz, sources say.
An argument broke out over a postgame routine Chriss is required to do following the contest, sources say.
The second-year forward played 14 minutes in the game and scored three points.
CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Hyatt Hotels Corporation (NYSE: H) announced today the rebranding of the Hyatt Amritsar into a Hyatt Regency hotel. Hyatt Regency Amritsar is the 11th Hyatt Regency property in India and joins a strong network of more than 180 Hyatt Regency properties worldwide. Located on Grand Trunk Road, Hyatt Regency Amritsar is the closest upper upscale hotel to the magnificent Golden Temple. The hotel is conveniently located within three miles of the Golden Temple and a mere 25-minute drive from the Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International airport.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006020/en/
King guestroom with pool view. (Photo: Business Wire)
Offering an experience that puts everything guests need right at their fingertips, Hyatt Regency Amritsar also delivers a full range of intuitive services and amenities, including notable culinary experiences; technology-enabled ways to collaborate; the space to work, engage or relax; and expert planners who can take care of every detail.
“We are excited to bring the Hyatt Regency experience to Amritsar,” said Sunjae Sharma, vice president-operations, Hyatt, India. “This transition reflects our continuous effort to do what we do best – providing local knowledge and connecting guests to what matters most; all within the close vicinity of the iconic Golden Temple.”
The hotel offers 248 comfortable and modern guest rooms, inclusive of suites and Regency Clubrooms, with an indoor and outdoor area of more than 11,000 square feet, a spa, a swimming pool and a vitality pool. All rooms feature a bay window providing a view of either the pool or the picturesque cityscape.
“The Hyatt Regency brand is loved by our guests in India and across the world and with its rich culture, heritage, cuisine and history, Amritsar has always been a city of significant interest for tourists,” added Sharma. “We believe the city of Amritsar and our guests from across the world will love the Hyatt Regency Amritsar experience.”
Several intriguing dining experiences within the hotel include Punjab Province, a North Indian bistro offering authentic, signature experiences and fabled street food from the highways of Punjab. Scotch Haus offers a range of beverages from premium scotch and single malts to innovative cocktail mixes, coupled with an enthralling ambience of live music and a DJ, making for the best lounging experience in town. Tarteria offers a wide selection of homemade confectioneries and pastries, catering to guests looking for cakes and other baked items.
Hyatt Regency Amritsar offers banquet facilities with best-in-class technologies accommodating up to 500 guests. The ballroom, Istana, can be divided into two sections with a dedicated pre-function space and exclusive entrance, making the hotel a perfect destination for both leisure and business travelers and small or large-scale group events. The White Box is a versatile space for intimate social occasions such as family get-togethers, private parties, and celebrations.
Ideal for weddings and celebrations, the hotel also has an expert team of in-house wedding planners to create tailored memorable experiences. With a wide range of options such as yoga, Ayurveda and exotic western therapies, the hotel offers a modern well-being experience with landscaped outdoor swimming pool, a vitality pool, gymnasium and a spa to help rejuvenate guests.
Hyatt Regency Amritsar has something to offer to all business and leisure travelers, as it is within close proximity of historical and cultural sites including the Golden Temple, Wagah Border, the War & Partition Museum, the bustling shopping streets of Amritsar, and provides the ideal retreat to relax after a long day of sightseeing or working in this leading business center.
For more information about Hyatt Regency Amritsar or to make a reservation, please visit www.hyattregencyamritsar.com
About Hyatt Regency
The Hyatt Regency brand prides itself on connecting travelers to who and what matters most to them. More than 180 conveniently located Hyatt Regency urban and resort locations in over 30 countries around the world serve as the go-to gathering space for every occasion – from efficient business meetings to memorable family vacations. The brand offers a one-stop experience that puts everything guests need right at their fingertips. Hyatt Regency hotels and resorts offer a full range of services and amenities, including the space to work, engage or relax; notable culinary experiences; technology-enabled ways to collaborate; and expert event planners who can take care of every detail. For more information, please visit hyattregency.com. Follow @HyattRegency on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, and tag photos with #AtHyattRegency.
About Hyatt Hotels Corporation
Hyatt Hotels Corporation, headquartered in Chicago, is a leading global hospitality company with a portfolio of 14 premier brands. As of March 31, 2018, the Company's portfolio included more than 700 properties in more than 50 countries across six continents. The Company's purpose to care for people so they can be their best informs its business decisions and growth strategy and is intended to attract and retain top colleagues, build relationships with guests and create value for shareholders. The Company's subsidiaries develop, own, operate, manage, franchise, license or provide services to hotels, resorts, branded residences, vacation ownership properties, and fitness and spa locations, including under the Park Hyatt®, Miraval®, Grand Hyatt®, Hyatt Regency®, Hyatt®, Andaz®, Hyatt Centric®, The Unbound Collection by Hyatt®, Hyatt Place®, Hyatt House®, Hyatt Ziva ™ , Hyatt Zilara ™ , Hyatt Residence Club® and exhale® brand names. For more information, please visit .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006020/en/
CONTACT: Simone Loretan
Hyatt International (Europe Africa Middle East) LLC
+41 79 920 12 18
simone.loretan@hyatt.com
or
Gloria Kennett
Hyatt
312-780-5506
gloria.kennett@hyatt.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES ASIA PACIFIC NORTH AMERICA ILLINOIS INDIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TRAVEL DESTINATIONS VACATION LODGING OTHER TRAVEL RESTAURANT/BAR RETAIL
SOURCE: Hyatt Hotels Corporation
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 11:25 AM/DISC: 05/30/2018 11:25 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006020/en
NEW YORK (AP) — Columbia University said Tuesday it will not bargain with the graduate student teaching and research assistants who voted overwhelmingly over a year ago to unionize.
Columbia Provost John Coatsworth said the university will instead ask a federal appeals court to rule on whether student assistants are workers with the right to collective bargaining.
"We remain convinced that the relationship of graduate students to the faculty that instruct them must not be reduced to ordinary terms of employment," Coatsworth said in a letter to the Columbia community. "It is a conviction that, in the end, made this admittedly difficult decision straightforward for us."
Columbia graduate students voted 1,602 to 623 in December 2016 to join a union affiliated with the United Auto Workers. The vote came after the National Labor Relations Board ruled that graduate students at private universities had a right to unionize.
UAW regional director Julie Kushner said Columbia's refusal to negotiate "shows total and continued disrespect for the democratic will of these workers."
"These workers have made their choice clear over and over and will continue to do so, and the UAW will stand with these workers until they achieve the justice they deserve," Kushner said.
Graduate students who voted for unionization said they hoped collective bargaining would give them more control over their employment and might lead to higher stipends and better benefits.
Olga Brudastova, a research assistant at Columbia's civil engineering and engineering mechanics department, who was a leader of the union drive, called the decision not to bargain "a new low for Columbia." She added, "More than a year after we voted by an overwhelming 72 percent for our union, Columbia manufactures its same old excuses and tries to gloss over the fact they are refusing to respect the law of the land that has now certified our vote."
The Worthington Regional Health Care Foundation (WRHCF) matched the pantry's funds raising efforts and gave it a $30,000 check. The campaign also raised 33,515 pounds of food.
“It certainly fits the mission of the foundation, and this obviously adds a great service to the community and supports many people,” WRHCF Executive Director Jeff Rotert said. “Again, it also shows the generosity of the Worthington people to meet the goals to raise the money so we can keep providing nutritious food to residents of the area.”
Several members of the Manna Food Pantry board of directors, along with Rotert and Manna Food Pantry Coordinator Linda Sanchez, gathered Monday morning at Westminster Presbyterian church to celebrate the end of the campaign.
“I want to thank the public for all the donations because if it wasn't for those donations, both monetary and food-wise, we would be … hurting for the next year,” Sanchez said.
Although Sanchez noted that the pantry's $75,000 goal wasn't met, she's thankful for the efforts of donors and volunteers.
“We didn't quite match that (the goal), but that's OK because they always say to set your goals high,” Sanchez said. “It's something to strive for next year, and we will make it.”
Sanchez explained that the acquisition of walk-in freezers and coolers enabled the pantry to receive more fresh vegetables and fruit.
“We are able to keep more fresh stuff on hand, which the clients love,” Sanchez said. “It's much more nutritional for of all of us — we all know that — so that is our motto (this year), ‘fresh is best.' So hopefully we can move forward with that.”
Sanchez received helped this year from her grandson, Lucas Nelson, 14, who went door to door asking for donations. He was able to raise $1,151.25 in four days.
“I decided to help when my grandma because we were really low in our goal of $75,000,” Nelson said.
Nelson knocked on more than 100 homes in town after school and asked residents to help him reach his $1,000 goal.
“We went out there for four evenings, and I would drop him off at the end of the block and I would just sit and wait while he was done,” Sanchez said.
Nelson and Sanchez were greatly surprised by people's generosity, with some residents donating up to $100.
“When he got the $100 check, he was further down the block, and if he had had wings he would have been flying because he was excited,” Sanchez said. “As soon as he was walking back to the van, I could tell it was a big donation.”
It's not the first time Nelson has stepped up to help Manna Food Pantry. He has been a volunteer for more than two years, helping to stock shelves or do any other task his grandmother asks of him.
“God is telling me that I need to do this,” Nelson said. “I just want to keep helping them to buy much more food so people can get what they need. Whenever I go out and I see people on the streets saying ‘I am starving, please help,' it just makes me feel really bad.”
Nelson said experiencing the great response from residents has only encouraged him to set a new $2,000 goal for next year. He added that he plans to keep helping the organization for many more years, hoping one day to take his grandma's position.
Australian Open organizers have given 17-year-old Alex De Minaur and Andrew Whittington wild-card entries to the season's first grand slam tournament.
De Minaur, a Wimbledon junior finalist last year, beat top-seeded Mikhail Kukushkin in the qualifying tournament for the Brisbane International, where he is set to make his ATP main draw debut this week. Whittington, 23, achieved a career-high ranking of No. 170 last November after winning six ITF titles and reaching semifinals at two ATP Challenger events.
Other wild cards already granted for the Australian Open men's main draw include Denis Istomin, the Asia-Pacific Wildcard playoff winner from Uzbekistan, and Quentin Halys of France and Michael Mmoh of the United States, who were given reciprocal wildcards for the French Open and the U.S. Open.
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
WARSAW, Poland (AP) — The government of Polish new Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki is to be officially sworn in amid reports that some ministers may be replaced.
President Andrzej Duda will hold the swearing-in at the Presidential Palace on Monday afternoon.
Morawiecki, the outgoing finance minister, was picked by the country's ruling Law and Justice party as the new government head last week. He has praised the government's current ministers and suggested there will be no major changes.
But the state-run PAP news agency reported Monday there will be some changes. It said Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski was returning from Brussels at Morawiecki's request. Questions are also being raised about the future of Defense Minister Antoni Macierewicz.
Morawiecki makes his first policy speech in parliament on Tuesday.
PHILADELPHIA, PA & NEWPORT BEACH, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--InstaMed, healthcare's most trusted payments network, announced today the launch of the Trends in Healthcare Payments Eighth Annual Report: 2017. This is the eighth annual report from InstaMed and features key market trends influencing the healthcare industry from an objective view to educate the market and promote awareness, change and greater efficiency.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005936/en/
The InstaMed Trends in Healthcare Payments Eighth Annual Report is now available to download. For the last eight years, InstaMed has released this report to highlight the opportunities that exist to improve the healthcare payments experience for all stakeholders through quantitative data from the InstaMed Network and qualitative data from healthcare providers, payers and consumers surveyed nationwide. (Graphic: Business Wire)
This year's report focuses on four core challenges facing the healthcare industry, as highlighted by several telling statistics from 2017.
1. Consumers Have Spoken (and They Aren't Happy)
Each year, the amount consumers spend on healthcare is growing at a staggering rate. However, education and outreach to consumers regarding healthcare payments have hardly kept pace with the increase in payment responsibility. The consequences of this oversight are coming in the form of consumer frustration and fear in healthcare. The consumer voice will become harder to ignore as dissatisfaction takes the shape of customer attrition and lost revenue for providers and payers alike.
72% of consumers are confused by their explanation of benefits (EOBs) and 70% are confused by medical bills 65% of consumers would consider switching healthcare providers for a better healthcare payments experience 73% of providers report that it takes one month or longer to collect from patients while 80% of consumers report they pay their bill within three weeks
2. The Digital, Always-Connected World Has Real Consequences for Healthcare
For the healthcare industry, the digital world has created a new kind of consumer that is challenging business as usual for both payers and providers. Healthcare organizations can now expect consumers who bristle at the prospect of waiting, demand convenience, expect frictionless payments and speak out on social platforms when experiences do not meet their expectations.
71% of consumers want to pay all of their healthcare bills in one place 80% of consumers want to check in for a provider visit on their own secure mobile device 65% of consumers would download a mobile app to pay all of their healthcare bills
3. Paper Is the Sandpaper of Healthcare
Despite the trends related to the digital world, healthcare overwhelmingly remains loyal to paper for most of its communications, especially those related to healthcare payments. The heavy reliance on paper for healthcare payments, instead of leveraging less expensive and more efficient electronic alternatives, costs all industry stakeholders.
79% of consumers receive paper medical bills and only 21% of consumers want to use checks to make healthcare payments 58% of providers report that paper statements are the primary method of collecting from patients, yet 41% of providers have not changed their patient statement in over five years 86% of providers report receiving paper checks and explanation of payment (EOPs) from one or more of their payers while 85% of providers prefer ERA/EFT payments
4. Security Concerns Aren't Going Away
The impacts of compromised data cost the industry not just financially, but in reputational damage and customer attrition. Security is on the minds of providers, payers and consumers as the industry struggles to keep data secure.
2017 saw more healthcare data breaches than any other year on record 96% of providers and 94% of payers view security as important when collecting healthcare payments 47% of consumers have significant concerns regarding the security of making payments for both their medical bills and health plan premiums
Now in its eighth year, the report features qualitative market data collected by Qualtrics, an independent experience management and market research company, to represent the sentiments of industry stakeholders: providers, payers and consumers. The report also uses quantitative data from $287 billion in healthcare payments processing on the InstaMed Network.
“InstaMed has combined its unique position in the healthcare payments market with both quantitative and qualitative data to yield key insights into the payment trends within the U.S. healthcare system,” said Bill Marvin, President and CEO of InstaMed. “For the past eight years, we have published the Trends Report highlighting the opportunities that exist to improve the healthcare payments experience for all stakeholders.”
InstaMed will host a webinar to discuss the Trends in Healthcare Payments Eighth Annual Report: 2017 on June 13, 2018. Register for the webinar and download the report at www.instamed.com/trends.
About InstaMed
InstaMed is healthcare's most trusted payments network, connecting providers, payers and consumers on one platform. The InstaMed Network connects over two-thirds of the market and processes tens of billions of dollars in healthcare payments annually. InstaMed reduces the risks, costs and complexities of working with multiple payment vendors by delivering one platform for all forms of payment in healthcare, designed and developed on one code base and supported by one onshore team of experts in healthcare payments. InstaMed enables providers to collect more money from patients and payers while reducing the cost and time to collect. InstaMed allows payers to cut settlement and disbursement costs with electronic payments and facilitate consumerism for their members. Visit InstaMed on the web at www.instamed.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005936/en/
CONTACT: Anderson Interactive
Dave Anderson, 252-715-4767
dave@andersoni.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA PENNSYLVANIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: OTHER CONSUMER TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT NETWORKS SECURITY PRACTICE MANAGEMENT HEALTH HOSPITALS MOBILE/WIRELESS PROFESSIONAL SERVICES BANKING FINANCE INSURANCE CONSUMER GENERAL HEALTH
SOURCE: InstaMed
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 10:22 AM/DISC: 05/30/2018 10:22 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005936/en
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Technavio's latest market research report on the provides an analysis of the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook from 2018-2022. defines an emerging trend as a factor that has the potential to significantly impact the market and contribute to its growth or decline.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006378/en/
Technavio has published a new market research report on the global GIS market in telecom sector from 2018-2022. (Graphic: Business Wire)
According to Technavio market research analysts, they will grow at a CAGR of over 11% during the forecast period. Increased use of GIS for capacity planning is a major factor driving the market's growth.
Globally, telecom companies are capitalizing on the increasing demand for mobile phones and Internet. To increase their customer reach, they are providing a broad range of services. In urban areas, the telecom industry is saturated, and the competition is intense. The demand is rising in rural areas because of the increase in the literacy rate and relatively low competition, and this is enabling the players to focus on such markets.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only:
Save more with Technavio. Buy2 reports and get the third for FREE:
In this report, Technavio highlights the use of GIS and big data as one of the key emerging trends in the global GIS market in the telecom sector:
Use of GIS and big data
The use of GIS data with big data and big data analytics is a new way of analyzing massive volumes of cluttered data to get meaningful and useful data. Companies such as Esri has built GIS tools for Hadoop. These tools help in using the Hadoop framework for the analysis of spatial data. It is an open source software for big spatial data analysis. Some of the major functions of the software include visualization and analysis of maps, publication of map applications online, large volume of data is recorded in Hadoop, large volume of Polygon analysis is performed to obtain new informative results and carrying out operations on billions of spatial data records based on location.
“GIS tools for Hadoop help in analyzing the impact of driver carpooling based on an analysis of automobile GPS position data. For the study, places with the highest number of trips with similar origin and destination locations were considered. With the help of GPS, the data collected includes 40 million vehicle position records gathered in a single day. The data included longitude, latitude, date, speed, and time. To analyze a vast number of data sets, the Hadoop MapReduce framework was used for distributed parallel computation,” says a senior analyst at Technavio for research on .
Looking for more information on this market?
Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.
Global GIS market in the telecom sector – segmentation analysis
This market research report segments the into the following products, including software, data, and services and key regions, the Americas, APAC, and EMEA.
The software segment held the largest market share in 2017, accounting for nearly 47% of the market. The market share for this product is expected to decrease by 2022. The fastest growing product is services, which will account for nearly 23% of the total market share by 2022.
The Americas was the leading region for the global GIS market in the telecom sector in 2017, accounting for a market share of nearly 45%. By 2022, APAC is expected to witness the highest growth rate.
About Technavio
is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions.
With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning across 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006378/en/
CONTACT: Technavio Research
Jesse Maida
Media & Marketing Executive
US: +1 844 364 1100
UK: +44 203 893 3200
www.technavio.com
KEYWORD:
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT TELECOMMUNICATIONS
SOURCE: Technavio Research
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 02:33 PM/DISC: 04/24/2018 02:33 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006378/en
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018-- market research analysts forecast the to grow at a CAGR of close to 6% during the period 2018-2022, according to their latest report.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006114/en/
Technavio has published a new market research report on the global motorcycle headlight market from 2018-2022. (Graphic: Business Wire)
In this report, Technavio highlights the growing popularity of laser headlights as one of the key emerging trends in the global motorcycle headlight market. The need for better range and efficient power consumption have led to the development of laser headlight technology for automobiles. The technology is expected to be introduced in motorcycles during the forecast period. The greater performance and a broader scope of the laser technology are being considered by the automotive OEM that are looking for product differentiation. The laser technology is expected to play a crucial role in collision avoidance systems.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only:
Save more with Technavio. Buy2 reports and get the third for FREE:
In this report, Technavio analysts highlight the increasing adoption of new headlights technologies in the automotive segment as a key factor contributing to the growth of the global motorcycle headlight market:
Increasing adoption of new headlights technologies in the automotive segment
Economies of scale play a significant role in leveraging the adoption of advanced technologies across all segments. For example, the adoption of smartphones across the world increased significantly in the last 4-5 years due to the reduced price. This price reduction was propelled by the advantage of economies of scale to the manufacturers. The cost of hardware remains a primary consideration for automotive OEMs and suppliers. By considering the wider applications areas, the OEMs can adopt new technology in a cost-effective manner; this helps them to attain economies of scale, thereby reducing the cost.
According to a senior analyst at Technavio for , “Many innovative technologies are being introduced by the players to improve safety and performance making the automotive lighting market highly competitive. Major drivers for the market growth are the increased focus on vehicle safety and the rising demand for better road lighting by customers. The increasing adoption of LED and laser lights and emphasis on vehicle styling, especially in luxury vehicles, are the key factors driving the adoption of lighting in the passenger car variants.”
Looking for more information on this market?
Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.
Global motorcycle headlight market segmentation
This market research report segments the into the following technologies (halogen and LED) and key regions (the Americas, APAC, and EMEA).
Of the two major technologies, the halogen segment held the largest market share in 2017, accounting for nearly 64% of the market. The market share for this technology is expected to witness a massive decline nearly 20% by 2022. The fastest growing technology is LED, which will account for nearly 25% of the total market share by 2022.
APAC was the leading region for the global motorcycle headlight market in 2017, accounting for a market share of nearly 92%. By 2022, EMEA is expected to register the highest growth rate.
About Technavio
is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions.
With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning across 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006114/en/
CONTACT: Technavio Research
Jesse Maida
Media & Marketing Executive
US: +1 844 364 1100
UK: +44 203 893 3200
www.technavio.com
KEYWORD:
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: AUTOMOTIVE AFTERMARKET MOTORCYCLES PERFORMANCE & SPECIAL INTEREST
SOURCE: Technavio Research
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 12:35 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 12:35 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006114/en
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — New York City's First Lady Chirlane McCray answered off-topic questions from the media Wednesday.
She defended how she runs a nonprofit that has seen contributions drop under her leadership.
The Blue Room at City Hall was jam-packed when McCray announced a new initiative to address homelessness among young LGBTQ New Yorkers, but she faced the music alone when it came time to answer questions about her leadership of the Mayor's Fund to Advance New York City, CBS2's Marcia Kramer reported.
“The role I play is appropriate,” McCray said.
The first lady was asked to explain published reports that said she often misses board meetings and that her 2017 public schedules recorded less than 20 total hours spent on the Mayor's Fund business, which raises money for the mayor's pet causes.
“It is not necessary to go into a room in a building to get the work done,” McCray said. “This is the electronic age. I do business everywhere I am.”
MORE: First Lady McCray Drops Ball, Decides Not To Answer Questions At Own Press Conference
McCray, who prepared for her question-and-answer session with aides, was also asked why the fund has raised less under her stewardship than when Michael Bloomberg was mayor, a man admittedly known to augment programs with his own contributions.
“It's not a race,” McCray said. “The point is to raise as much money as we need.”
The first lady was also asked about the release of her husband's secret email cache and his subsequent press conference, which revealed a dim view of the media. CBS2's Kramer asked about de Blasio's lack of transparency.
Kramer: “I wonder if you feel, you, yourself, feel that he wasn't getting a fair shake and that the decision to withdraw, to have one press conference a week, is something that you agree with?”
“I don't know if what I feel is really relevant to this,” McCray said.
When asked what advice she gives the mayor, McCray said, “I don't think I have to tell you what we talk about.”
The first lady took off-topic questions for 21 minutes, also confiding that the mayor expressed over the holiday weekend that he has ‘”zero regrets” about the negative things he has said about the New York press corps.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
By Allison Jarrell
“Mr. Subliminal.” “Pumping Up with Hans & Franz.” Weeds.
Kevin Nealon has been making people laugh for decades, whether it was on shows like Saturday Night Live or with his various film appearances and stand-up comedy.
Nealon actually began his career as a stand-up comedian, which he said he enjoys because of the creative freedom and immediate gratification live performances entail.
“I like being in a room with a lot of people—the laughter and energy is a lot of fun,” he said.
Audience members at the Coach House will have a chance to enjoy Nealon's standup—complete with plenty of dry wit—on Saturday, Aug. 26, his first show in San Juan Capistrano.
For those who may not be familiar with Nealon's extensive work, he's well-known for his nine-year stint as a cast member on Saturday Night Live (1986-1995). In addition to creating memorable characters like Mr. Subliminal and Hans and Franz, Nealon's reoccurring role as an anchor on “Weekend Update” cemented the sketch as a staple of the show.
Later on in his career, Nealon received critical acclaim for his role as Doug Wilson in the Showtime series, Weeds. Beyond his numerous TV and film appearances, Nealon has also created two stand-up specials for Showtime, and in 2008, he released his first book, Yes, You're Pregnant, But What About Me?—a comical look at the male perspective of pregnancy. Currently, the Los Angeles-based comedian can be seen on the new CBS sitcom, Man with a Plan.
When asked about the comics who have most influenced his career, Nealon said Steve Martin, Andy Kauffman, Albert Brooks and Garry Shandling have all inspired him with their unique sense of humor and the risks they have taken with their comedy.
Nealon added that, for him, finding his voice as a stand-up comedian has come with time and life experience.
“I think it's about evolving as a person,” he said. “Like a blues musician, you have to live a little bit. When you're first starting out, you emulate somebody. But then you develop your own style.”
Doors open at 6 p.m. and the show begins at 8 p.m. Tickets are $38.
The Coach House is located at 33157 Camino Capistrano. For tickets or more information, call 949.496.8930 or visit www.thecoachhouse.com.
NEW YORK (AP) — Harley-Davidson Inc. will close its Kansas City, Missouri plant as part of a cost-cutting move as it continues to face dwindling shipments.
The Milwaukee-based company reported a 7.9 percent drop to 241,498 motorcycle shipments in 2017 and expects the figure to continue dropping. It forecast 231,000 to 236,000 motorcycle shipments in 2018.
"The decision to consolidate our final assembly plants was made after very careful consideration of our manufacturing footprint and the appropriate capacity given the current business environment," said President and CEO Matt Levatich.
The motorcycle maker reported an 82 percent slide in fourth-quarter profit to $8.3 million, or 5 cents per share, partly on charge related to the new tax code. Earnings, adjusted for pretax expenses and non-recurring costs, were 54 cents per share.
Revenue rose 12 percent to $1.05 billion, mainly on pricing as retail sales of motorcycles fell 9.6 percent worldwide.
The results topped Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 11 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of 46 cents per share, while nine analysts surveyed by Zacks expected $1.01 billion in revenue.
For the year, the company earned $521.8 million, or $3.02 per share. Revenue was reported as $4.92 billion.
Harley-Davidson shares slid 7 percent, or $3.87, to $51.42 in morning trading.
_____
Elements of this story were generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on HOG at https://www.zacks.com/ap/HOG
Transcript for Sen. Cory Booker talks future of Russia probes, Andrew McCabe's firing
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Two months after announcing plans to close, Costumes on Haight (735 Haight St. near Pierce) has restructured its operations to make the shop more sustainable. According to manager Austin Efurd, the 28-year-old shop "is still alive and kicking and hopeful to stay open with the support of the community."As we reported in February, the Lower Haight costume shop was set to close due to rising costs, changing demographics and its business model, which had trouble keeping pace with online retailers that sell lower-quality costumes.In a press release, Efurd said new management policies, consolidating operations and more community support are keeping the company going."When I stepped into leadership, I thought it would be about closing accounts, encouraging the creative artists on our team to find new sources of income, and supporting the community as it lost another unique SF gem," Efurd said. "I didn't expect to find this glimmer of hope."To cut costs in half, Eford said the store has reduced its storage space and hours of operation."While not a solve-all solution, this consolidation has kept us open and offers the SF community a chance to vote with their dollars to keep a part of quirky and queer San Francisco alive," he said.Going forward, he said the store also hopes to support local artists. "If we are able to raise enough capital to pay off old debt, Costumes on Haight will become even more of a hot spot for connecting the community with local artists who craft magical and affordable wearable art."Costumes on Haight is hosting another liquidation sale this weekend; all items will be 50 percent off, and rental costumes will be sold at rental prices.
Transcript for Colorado lawmakers propose jail for teachers on strike
And yeah. Go on the strike go to jail that's how Republican state senator Bob gardeners proposed bill is punishing teachers for leaving their job. During school hours that. There employees serving and they have our children and our classrooms certain that there are expected to teach school and not to bring their political. Positions and intrusions of the cultural. Gartner says the bill has been on his mind for the last decade. But the Reese teacher strikes across the country pushed him to bring his proposal to the capitol in hopes of averting strikes from spreading to Colorado. If passed the bill would find or put a teacher in jail for up to six months the bill also allows for districts to immediately terminate the teacher without a hearing. I don't think most coloradans and most represented look at the problem and say the best solution is but didn't. The democratic candidate for governor Mike Johnston was a former teacher and an education advisor to President Obama. Says the bill is there won't solution to the State's ongoing school funding problem what we have is a school system that's one of them. Worst funded school systems in the country which means we have teachers. That have some of the lowest pay Johnson says the bill also threatens freedom of speech but Carter sees it differently. Sure that you a shirt that exposed they cannot go strikes. So all public employer. There have registry to. Gardner says punishing employees for going on strike has been done before in Colorado by a law it's considered and misdemeanor if the state employee goals on strike. As far as voicing discontent. Garner says teachers union in Colorado is vote. All I think if our teachers had such a powerful voice we would have schools were better on regret now since you posted this controversial bill on our FaceBook page. Many of you gave your opinion opposing. And ideas said adding education and make twelve dollars and fifty cents an hour as a teacher's aide until I finish my degree. I have little to no benefits and I do it because I have a passion to educate our youth. This is so sad but I could make more working in fast food.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
By Abby Hassler
Chance the Rapper held a free concert in Chicago last night (August 13), where he streamed a special digital appearance from former President Barack Obama.
Related: Chance the Rapper Joins Kendrick Lamar for ‘No Problem'
In the video, Obama congratulates Chance for serving as the Grand Marshal of the city's annual Bud Billiken parade, which is the oldest and largest African American parade in the country, according to Pitchfork.
The rapper gave away free tickets to the concert during his parade appearance earlier that day.
Watch the video below.
While a number of Major League Soccer players were fanned out across the globe for World Cup qualifying matches, some of those back at home stayed busy preparing for the fourth round of the U.S. Open Cup this week.
A slate of games was played Tuesday, with the majority of the schedule set for Wednesday.
Officially called the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup, it is the longest-running soccer tournament in the United States and gives amateur teams a chance to take on the pros, setting up the chance for an intriguing Cinderella team to advance far into the tournament.
This year that Cinderella was Christos FC, which made it to the fourth round before being knocked out of the competition Tuesday night by D.C United.
Sponsored by a Baltimore-area liquor store, Christos Discount Liquors, the Christos FC players rarely practice and starters are often determined by day-job work schedules.
Christos went up 1-0 on Mamadou Kansaye's free kick in the 23rd minute that sent the team's supporters into a frenzy, but DC United scored four unanswered goals for the win . Fans gave Christos a standing ovation at the final whistle.
"As the U.S. grows into a soccer country, this kind of match is going to happen more and more," United coach Ben Olsen said. "There are going to be more, better-quality amateur teams that can make these kinds of runs, and that's what's great about the Open Cup. These stories can happen, and I'm sure they will happen even more in the future. As the amateurs get better, so does our league, so does USL, and NASL, and so on."
Christos midfielder Cody Albrecht had to get back to work at Northrop Grumman at 7:30 a.m. on Wednesday.
"To get the press we've gotten, have guys doing interviews after their day jobs, it's been a lot of fun for us. Being a Cinderella story, and having all of the support from Baltimore, was awesome," Albrecht told reporters afterward.
Christos FC followed in a long tradition of teams that rose to the challenge in the U.S. Open Cup.
In 2012 the Michigan Bucks knocked off the Chicago Fire to reach the fourth round. The Bucks, who play in a sweet indoor stadium in Pontiac, play in the Premier Development League, the top level for amateurs. They boast an impressive nine wins over professional sides, and are the only team at their level with two wins over MLS teams.
Also that year, Cal FC, an amateur team coached by former U.S. national team star Eric Wynalda, embarrassed the Portland Timbers to advance to the fourth round. The Timbers Army supporters' group chided their team by chanting: "Care like we care!" during the final minutes.
Within moments after the 120-minute match, "Cal FC" was trending on Twitter and Wynalda seemed genuinely amused: "I don't know what to tell you guys. I'm a little bit taken aback by all of this."
One other intriguing Cinderella in the MLS era of the competition was Dallas Roma FC, which knocked off Chivas USA on penalties for the third-round victory in 2006
FC Dallas is the reigning U.S. Open Cup champion. The winner gets a spot in the group stage of the CONCACAF Champions League.
GAME OF THE WEEK: FC Dallas, last year's Supporters' Shield winner, has won just one of its last six matches and is coming off a 2-0 loss last weekend on the road to the Portland Timbers. After a U.S. Open Cup match Wednesday, Dallas heads back to the Pacific Northwest to play the Vancouver Whitecaps. The Whitecaps — who will have had two weeks off going into Saturday's match — have split their last four matches and currently sit in fifth place in the Western Conference — behind fourth-place Dallas.
BEST OF THE REST: The Philadelphia Union host the New York Red Bulls on Sunday in what has been dubbed a "Demolition Derby" match that will feature Philly's CJ Sapong (8 goals) and New York's Bradley Wright-Phillips (6 goals). The Union beat the Red Bulls 3-0 on May 6.
As for the "demolition" part, Union fans at the game can take a sledgehammer to a Red Bulls-themed car with the proceeds going to the Philadelphia Union Foundation.
PLAYER OF THE WEEK: Portland's Fanendo Adi won league Player of the Week honors after scoring both goals in the Timbers' 2-0 victory at home last weekend over FC Dallas.
The win brought Adi's total goals this season to eight. He now has 49 career MLS goals, as well as 13 multi-goal games. He is Portland's top scorer across all eras since the team was established in 1975 (NASL).
NEW CITIZEN: Seattle Sounders goalkeeper Stefan Frei on Tuesday announced that he had passed the U.S. citizenship test. The 31-year-old posted a picture of himself draped in a U.S. flag on social media.
"Thank you all for the love and support! I'm proud to finally be an American and will do everything to make my fellow citizens proud (hashtag) USA," he wrote.
Frei was born in Switzerland and played briefly for that country's national youth team before moving to California as a teenager. He was called up to a U.S. national team camp earlier this year, but he was not eligible to play for the team without his citizenship.
NAPLES, Italy (AP) — Napoli full back Faouzi Ghoulam has had a third operation on his right knee but the Algeria international should be fit to take part in pre-season training.
Ghoulam missed most of last season after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his knee in November and fracturing his kneecap in training in February.
There were fears he had another problem after his knee swelled up on holiday recently and Ghoulam underwent further tests earlier this week.
On Wednesday Napoli says Ghoulam had "a small operation to remove the metal pin in his right patella."
It adds: "Ghoulam will follow a personalized training schedule next week."
OMAHA,NEB (KMTV) - What started as a small gathering in 1917 has now become a huge annual celebration for the Bryant-Fisher family.
"100 years ago our great grandmother took all her children to Mandan park because her sons were going off to fight WW1 and we have been doing it ever since."
With 12 different branches this family is documented as the largest African American family in the state of Nebraska.
"Emma Early our matriarch had 12 children and each branch is the decedent of those children."
More than 700 decedents of the Bryant-Fisher's gathered in Elmwood Park Sunday, some traveling from all over the country.
"It's a family commitment that has lasted for all these years."
Actress Gabrielle Union is a descendant of the family who attends the reunion each year.
A tradition Family Historian Arlett Brooks says is kept alive through Emma Early's family promise.
"She instilled in her kids the importance of family and that's just been handed down for generations."
It's also a time to connect with distant relatives.
"I don't really see my family a lot except for my immediate family, so it's always good to actually come together as a whole family."
After 100 years they say this day serves as a reminder that family is everything.
"It's important to place importance on your family and love one another."
Uri Schechter, IDF Lieutenant Colonel in the reserves and Deputy Commander of the Nahal Brigade, wrote in his Facebook account about the capture of terrorist chief Marwan Barghouti in Operation Defensive Shield and wonders why Israeli media give a platform to relatives of the terrorist who is serving five life sentences for involvement in the murder of many Jews.
Barghouti is now leading the hunger strike of terrorists imprisoned in Israeli jails. He even published an article in the New York Times in which he detailed his reasons for the strike.
Shechter wrote: "Exactly 15 years ago, I was drafted as a deputy battalion commander for Operation Defensive Shield, which we commenced following the murder of hundreds of Jews and the wounding of thousands," recalls Schechter. "During the operation, my brigade occupied the city of Ramallah, where we arrested about 700 terrorists.
"I will not forget the joy when the Duvedevan undercover unit reinforced by the brigade arrested the head of the serpent, Marwan Barghouti, who was responsible for a large part of the attacks directly. We felt at that defining moment that the operation had achieved its goal."
According to him, Barghouti "got off cheap" and was convicted in the District Court for five life sentences and 40 years in prison. "So how the h*** does he become legitimate to some people and politicians?
"And, above all, how the Israeli media coddles him and his family as if he were someone who is kind and peace-loving and not a cruel and despicable murderer who murdered women, men, and children ... I apologize in advance, I just don't understand ... I wish the despicable murderer to go with his hunger strike to the very end," wrote Schechter.
Earlier today, Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu attacked the publication of an article by Marwan Barghouti in The New York Times.
The newspaper omitted the mention of the fact that Barghouti is a terrorist and murderer, convicted in civil court for 5 murders, who led a terror organization responsible for the deaths of many Israelis. Instead it described him as a a "Palestinian leader and parliamentarian”. After an uproar broke out, the newspaper finally published a tepid clarification in which it stated that “This article explained the writer's prison sentence but neglected to provide sufficient context by stating the offenses of which he was convicted. They were five counts of murder and membership in a terrorist organization. Mr. Barghouti declined to offer a defense at his trial and refused to recognize the Israeli court's jurisdiction and legitimacy.”
Netanyahu stated that "I read the article in the New York Times Sunday which presented arch-terrorist Barghouti as a 'leader and parliamentarian.' The newspaper only retracted after we objected to this characterization," said Netanyahu and added "calling Barghouti a political leader is like calling Assad a 'pediatrician.' Syrian dictator-tyrant Bashar Assad was trained as a physician.
"These are murderers, these are terrorists and we have not lost our conviction that we are on the right side, the moral side and they are on the wrong side, the immoral side."
The prime minister added that "this moral clarity, the willingness to protect our land, to fight for it against those coming to wipe us out, this is one of our great strengths, together with love of Israel. Love of Israel expresses itself in this munificence, in this beauty and warmth. We will continue to develop our country and protect it."
TAIPEI (Taiwan News)—Model Hannah Quinlivan (昆凌), who serves as the global charity ambassador for WildAid this year, advocated for the “protect the ocean and say no to shark fin soup” campaign in a press conference in Taipei on February 3, urging the public to stop using shark fins for any diet in order to stop shark-finning and shark fin trading.
John Baker, managing director for WildAid, said, “in particular, we want to build the campaign and make it more important to save the shark in the ocean" at a time when the predator, which everyone gets scared of, need help.”
“Unfortunately, for many years, we have all been talking about many reasons why we should no longer be consuming and serving shark fin soups; however, there are still way too many sharks being killed for their fins, so today we are here to begin again the campaign to remind everyone to not buy, eat shark fin soups for their health.”
Noting that there are more than 300 species of sharks around the world and only about 14 of them have legal protection against international trade, Baker said sharks do not have the same legal protection as many other species, and “it's why we have to be together, volunteer, make our own effort and pledge never to use, buy or serve shark fins.”
Practically it is also very difficult to enforce the laws protecting the few shark species because most officials can't tell one shark fin from another, he said, adding that therefore the best solution is to stop using them.
Chang Chang-ter (張章得), chairman of the Life Conservationist Association (LCA), said that Taiwan not only catches sharks for their fins but also imports them from around the world for consumption, adding that Taiwan imported about 500 tons of shark fins in 2017.
However, citing inspection findings, Chang said large quantities of mercury, lead and other heavy metals have been found in shark fins.
He said that the U.S. government has publicly warned and urged pregnant women and children to not consume shark fins for health reasons. And in neighboring Hong Kong, heavy metals exceeding legal limits have been found in shark fins and lips during inspections of fish sold by fishmongers. From a food safety point of view, it is to be hoped that the Taiwanese government will attach much importance to this issue.
As the Lunar New Year is approaching, every business in every walk of life is getting ready for a year-end banquet and every household is preparing for a get-together dinner. WildAid urged the public to begin protecting sharks and the ocean by not buying shark fins or ordering shark fin dishes because "when the buying stops, the killing can too."
Model Hannah Quinlivan (Photo by Taiwan News)
12:21 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Hatzalah psychotrauma to grow activity by 500 Percent The Psychotrauma Unit of United Hatzalah, which provides stabilization care for people who have undergone a traumatic experience or who were at the scene of a traumatic experience, is setting the stage to incorporate between 150 to 175 new psychological caregivers in the coming year.
► ◄ Last Briefs
There was no end of intrigue at the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show this year.
Rumor, the German shepherd who narrowly lost at last year's show, had come close to simply hanging up her leash and retiring. Instead, she stormed back to win her category again this year — and then, to top it all off, beat out more than 2,800 dogs to take Best in Show on Tuesday, as well.
The triumph makes her only the second German shepherd to win the top prize in Westminster's 141-year history. Considering Westminster is the second-longest continuously running sporting event in the U.S. — second only to the Kentucky Derby — the redemptive win for the 5 1/2-year-old female is no mean feat.
Not only that, but as NPR's Merrit Kennedy noted earlier this month, Westminster also played host to another rarity at this year's dog show: cats. The featured felines shared a showcase with the dogs called Meet & Compete.
Still, whatever words we can offer on the event seem a little beside the point. The dogs — big and small, noble and loony — are the main event.
So, without further throat-clearing, here's what you came for: A few of our very favorite images from the competition.
The title of Greek director Yorgos Lanthimos's taut new thriller, The Killing of a Sacred Deer, evokes Michael Cimino's The Deer Hunter (1978).
But unlike that touchstone Vietnam movie, The Killing of a Sacred Deer has nothing to do with the mythology of hunting. In fact, other than a few shots of the family dog and a fish being filleted for dinner, there aren't even any animals in it.
This is surprising, because Lanthimos's previous film, The Lobster (2015), features many animals. In fact, in the bizarre future depicted in The Lobster, people are surgically remade as animals if they unsuccessful at finding a mate.
Despite this difference, though, the two films definitely share writer/director Lanthimos's distinctively weird vision of the world.
While The Lobster is set in an odd, imaginative future, The Killing of a Sacred Deer is set in the recognizably real world. Shot in the mundane city of Cincinnati, Ohio, it looks like anywhere U.S.A. If Colin Farrell's character is a loser in The Lobster, in Sacred Deer he is a complete success. Here he plays a successful heart surgeon, Steven Murphy, with a picture-perfect home, beautiful wife Anna (Nicole Kidman), and two wonderful children, teenager daughter Kim (Raffey Cassidy) and young son Bob (Sunny Suljic).
The family is well regulated, with ongoing discussion about which child is responsible on which day for watering the plants or walking the aforementioned dog. Lanthimos tends to frame the shots in the Murphy household symmetrically, placing the family and their tasteful furniture in balanced but static arrangements that suggest their true emotional rigidity.
But this world will soon become imbalanced and crumble horribly.
As we learn, Steven has befriended a teenage boy, Martin (brilliantly played by Barry Keoghan), whose father had died on his operating table after an accident. Martin holds Dr. Murphy responsible for his father's death and seeks what he regards as justice. He worms his way into the Murphy family only to exact his merciless revenge, which I won't give away here. Suffice it to say that Martin somehow invokes a retribution of biblical proportion.
How this supernaturally tinged revenge works is not explained. Perhaps it is a curse, like that endured in Stephen King's Thinner or Sam Raimi's Drag Me to Hell (2009).
On one level, The Killing of a Sacred Deer belongs to a cycle of frightening films I call yuppie horror. Stephen King described the original Amityville Horror (1979) as the first “horror movie as economic nightmare,” and in the 1990s this subgenre really kicked in with Pacific Heights (1990), Unlawful Entry (1992) and Bad Influence (1990), among others. These movies all depict upwardly mobile characters whose professional success and material possessions are disrupted by monstrous villains that bring about economic hardship.
The casting in Sacred Deer of Alicia Silverstone, who starred in the yuppie thriller The Crush (1993), as Martin's creepy mother makes the connection explicit.
Lanthimos presents Martin's supernatural retribution as matter-of-factly and as eerily as everything else in the movie, beginning with the way he initially encourages our worst thoughts about Steven's relationship with the boy. By the time Martin's mom insists to Steven when he comes to dinner that “You're not leaving until you taste my tart!” everything oozes with ominous portent.
Whatever the explanation for the tragic fate that awaits the Murphy family, it is clear from the film's opening shots of Steven in surgery holding a beating heart that matters of life and death are ultimately in his hands. So, in a way, The Killing of a Sacred Deer is similar to The Deer Hunter in that both films examine traditional notions of American manhood under siege.
The Film House
FirstOntario Performing Arts Centre, 250 St. Paul St., St. Catharines, 905-688-0722
Listings for Dec. 12 to 18
The Killing of A Sacred Deer: Tuesday 7 p.m., Thursday 7 p.m., Saturday 9 p.m., Sunday 7 p.m
Open Bethlehem: Wednesday 7 p.m.
Loving Vincent: Friday 6:30 p.m.
The Disaster Artist: Friday 9 p.m., Saturday 6:30 p.m.
Thunderbirds are GO: Saturday 4 p.m.
The Other Side of Hope: Sunday 4 p.m.
Admission: 47 members, $9 general
Online: FirstOntarioPAC.ca
HONG KONG (AP) — Hong Kong lawmakers have given final approval to a government proposal banning local ivory trading in the Chinese territory by 2021.
Lawmakers voted Wednesday in favor of amending the existing law to outlaw sales of ivory in Hong Kong, which researchers say is the world's biggest retail ivory market.
The proposal also includes significantly stiffer penalties for wildlife smuggling to deter black market sales.
Under the new law, the maximum sentence will increase to a 10 million Hong Kong dollar ($1.3 million) fine or 10 years in prison, up from the current two years.
Wildlife activists applauded the move, even as Hong Kong moves more slowly than Beijing. Mainland China banned ivory sales at the start of the year after shutting all carving factories and shops last March.
One of the biggest mysteries of 2016 will come to an end sometime this month. Samsung will make public the results of its months-long investigation into what caused several Galaxy Note 7 smartphones to turn into flames later this month , according to a report on Reuters. From the report:Samsung has also previously noted that it was working with several third-party sources and experts to figure out what could have caused the error. A popular theory among many is that Samsung attempted to further slim the form factor of the Galaxy Note 7, which resulted in the battery to be held too tightly within the device -- which in turn, caused the layers of lithium cobalt oxide and graphite to touch
Corey Perry scored 1:30 into overtime and the Anaheim Ducks rallied from three goals down to beat the Calgary Flames 5-4 Monday night, taking a 3-0 series lead in the first-round series.
Perry's sharp-angled shot deflected off several players and past Flames goalie Brian Elliott.
Shea Theodore had two goals, Nate Thompson had a goal and two assists, and Nick Ritchie also scored for the Ducks. Rickard Rakell, Kevin Bieksa and Hampus Lindholm each had two assists.
John Gibson gave up four goals on 16 shots before he was replaced by Jonathan Bernier in the second period. Bernier stopped all 16 shots he faced.
Sean Monahan had a goal and an assist, and Kris Versteeg, Sam Bennett and Michael Stone also scored for Calgary. Mikael Backlund and T.J. Brodie each had two assists, and Elliott finished with 22 saves.
Game 4 is Wednesday night.
The Flames started stronger, were more disciplined and sharper in the faceoff circle than they were in a pair of 3-2 losses to open the series in Anaheim. Calgary built a 4-1 lead midway through the second period, scoring three power-play goals on five chances.
However, the Theodore got the Ducks' comeback started with 49 seconds left in the middle period as his wrist shot from the boards deflected off Elliott's left pad and into the net.
Thompson deflected Lindholm's shot from inside the blue line under Elliott with 8:46 left in the third to pull Anaheim within one, and Theodore scored his second goal of the game on a shot from the point to tie it with 4:21 remaining.
Monahan, on Gibson's doorstep, converted Troy Brouwer's feed from behind the net into his third power-play goal of the series to get the Flames on the scoreboard first at 2:10 into the game.
Versteeg banged a rebound by a sprawling Gibson during a goal-mouth scrum on a power play at 9:18 for a 2-0 lead.
Ritchie cut Anaheim's deficit in half with 4:27 remaining in the first, knocking in a rebound off Antoine Vermette's shot from the top of the faceoff circle.
Stone scored even-strength at 4:34 of the second, threading a shot through traffic and past Gibson stick side, and Mark Giordano's shot from the point deflected off Bennett's foot for a 4-1 Calgary lead at 8:33.
Giordano was soundly booed in Anaheim because of a regular-season collision with Cam Fowler that took Anaheim's big-minute defenseman out of their lineup to start this series.
NOTES: Ducks D Sami Vatanen participated in the morning skate, but was scratched a second straight game. He sustained an upper-body injury when he was checked by Calgary's Lance Bouma in Game 1. ... Fowler skated after his teammates in the morning. Ducks coach Randy Carlyle indicated the 25-year-old is recovering from his knee injury, but did not provide a timetable for Fowler's return. "We think that he's on pace to be available to us some time here shortly," Carlyle said.
NEW YORK (AP) — Everything is awesome for investors. Everything.
Stocks are at peak levels. Bonds are making money despite a raft of predictions to the contrary at the start of the year. Stock markets overseas, notoriously poor investments for much of the last decade, are perking higher. Even gold, which typically glitters brightest when other markets are struggling, is up this year.
If it feels precarious to have so many investments doing so well, particularly when the economy itself is still growing only modestly, markets are giving few indications of worry. The volatility index that traders use to measure fear in the U.S. stock market hit its lowest, as in calmest, level last week since 1993. And stocks have been so strong for so long that investors have been rewarded for using any dip in prices that does happen as an opportunity to buy low.
The latest example was the pullback for big technology stocks that began on Friday. Apple, Facebook and other technology giants that had been among the market's biggest stars slumped, seemingly on the simple worry that their runaway success had made them too expensive. But the rest of the market held steady through the mini-bout of tumult, and the tech giants got back to climbing again on Tuesday.
Analysts pin much of the credit for the upsurge in markets on all the stimulus that central banks have thrown at them. By keeping interest rates low and buying trillions of dollars of bonds, the Federal Reserve, European Central Bank and others have helped lift prices for bonds. And when bonds get more expensive, it makes stocks and other types of investments more attractive in relative terms, even if their price tags no longer look cheap at face value.
That has some contrarians worried about what will happen as the Federal Reserve continues raising interest rates and talks about paring back its bond investments. And, perhaps more importantly, what will happen when other central banks join in. Mom-and-pop investors seem relatively unfazed for now. They have been plowing cash into stock and bond funds this year, but concerns are bubbling up elsewhere.
Bill Gross, the famed bond fund manager, recently cautioned investors to not "be mesmerized by the blue skies created by central bank" actions. "All markets are increasingly at risk," he wrote in his most recent investment outlook.
Big institutional investors have begun cashing in some of their winnings and have sold some stocks or moved into less-risky areas of the market, said Kirk Hartman, global chief investment officer for Wells Fargo Asset Management. Even he himself has dialed back a bit on stocks.
"In my own portfolio, do I have more cash than earlier in the year?" he said. "Absolutely."
If stocks do end up having a sharp pullback, he wants to have cash on hand to pounce quickly and buy some more.
Here's a look at what's been driving markets, and what risks lie beneath:
— THE U.S. STOCK MARKET
Why it's so high: Corporate profits are climbing again, and analysts expect earnings for S&P 500 companies to rise 10 percent to a record this year after stalling or falling the last two years.
Revenue growth is also stronger for companies, which offers a more sustainable and healthier route to gains. For years, businesses depended instead on cutting costs and buying back their own stock to squeeze out more earnings per share.
If Washington is able to cut tax rates, as Republicans have promised to do, profits could be set for an even bigger bounce. And stock prices, at their heart, reflect how much profit companies are producing or will.
What could trip it up: Price tags are high.
This most recent quarter notwithstanding, companies' stock prices have been rising faster than their profits. When measuring the S&P 500 against its expected earnings over the next 12 months, stocks have been this expensive just 1 percent of the time over the last 10 years, according to Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank.
Another way to measure stock prices popularized by Robert Shiller, a Nobel prize winner in economics, looks at how much companies have earned over the prior 10 years, in hopes of smoothing out the effects of boom-and-bust periods. That measure says the S&P 500 is at its most expensive level since the dot-com bubble was deflating in 2002.
— THE BOND MARKET:
Why it's so high: Since the 2008 financial crisis, the Federal Reserve and other central banks around the world have reached deep into their toolbox to support markets. The Fed, for example, owns $4.5 trillion in Treasurys, mortgage-backed securities and other investments. With central banks hoovering up so many of the world's available bonds, prices have been high.
This year, many analysts expected bond prices to drop in tandem with a rise in interest rates. When rates climb, newly issued bonds pay more in interest and make the lower yields paid by older bonds less attractive. With expectations for the economy to improve, inflation to tick higher and the Fed to continue raising short-term interest rates, the general call at the start of the year was for rates to rise.
The opposite happened. Economic growth has remained sluggish, and the yield on the 10-year Treasury is at 2.13 percent after starting the year at 2.47 percent. That drop in rates has pushed up prices for bonds, and the most common type of bond fund has returned 2.7 percent this year, more than it has in two of the last five full years.
What could trip it up: A rise in rates, which many Wall Street watchers still expect to happen. Economic growth may still be only modest, but the job market has improved, and the Federal Reserve is itchy to pull rates further from their record lows.
The Fed raised short-term rates Wednesday, the third time it's done that since December. It also said it plans to start paring its bond investments later this year. Other central banks around the world aren't yet pulling back on stimulus. But when they do, the pullback in stimulus would mean fewer dollars chasing after bonds, and the fear is that could lead to a cascade of pressure pushing down on prices across different investments.
"My worry is more about the bond market than it is in the equity market," said Wells Fargo's Hartman. "The good times are rolling, but I worry that at some point it has to end."
MILWAUKEE (AP) — It was a memorable return for Alex Reyes. Same for Orlando Arcia, albeit for many different reasons.
Reyes pitched four scoreless innings for St. Louis in his return from Tommy John surgery, but Arcia hit a tiebreaking RBI single in Milwaukee's two-run seventh and the Brewers held off the Cardinals for a 3-2 win on Wednesday.
"It was fun. It was fun knowing that I had the ball today," Reyes said. "Being able to go out there that first inning and execute pitches pretty quickly and strike out two. It was huge."
Making his first major league appearance since Sept. 29, 2016, the 23-year-old right-hander allowed three hits, struck out two and walked two. He worked out of a bases-loaded jam in the second.
"My job is to get outs," Reyes said. "That's what I was trying to do."
Fatigue was a bit of a factor for the rookie.
"Not necessarily in the second, more in the third," he said. "I felt a little fatigue. I try not to think about it much when I'm out there."
Cardinals manager Mike Matheny noticed a change and went out to check on Reyes in the fourth.
"Saw a drop in velocity," Matheny said. "Needed to go out check, see what was going on. He said it was nothing that he didn't normally feel. It was just something that got us concerned."
Reyes was done after throwing 73 pitches, 42 for strikes.
"Obviously, we're going to be extra cautious with him," Matheny said.
Reyes was 4-1 with a 1.57 ERA two years ago, striking out 52 in 46 innings. He felt pain during a pre-spring training bullpen session in February 2017 and was operated on by Cardinals physician Dr. George Paletta.
Reyes went 3-0 in four minor league injury rehabilitation starts this month at Class A Palm Beach and Peoria, Double-A Springfield and Triple-A Memphis. He struck out 44 in 23 innings.
"This was the first time he's had to work," Matheny said. "All those minor league rehab starts he had barely had anybody on base. So, he had to bear down. Didn't give up any runs. His stuff looked right. His stuff looked good."
Arcia was recalled from Triple-A Colorado Springs. He was sent down to work on his batting and was surprised at being recalled so soon.
"Things weren't going my way and they wanted me to go down there to work on my hitting and reset everything." Arcia said through a translator. "Thankfully, things were starting to go a lot better."
He looked pretty good in the seventh. With two out and runners on first and second, Arcia stopped a 0-for-15 slide with a base hit against Sam Tuivailala (1-1).
Jeremy Jeffress (5-0) got the win despite allowing two runs in the top of the seventh. Josh Hader struck out the side in the eighth and got two outs in the ninth, and Corey Knebel struck out Jose Martinez for his fifth save in seven chances.
Milwaukee went 1 for 10 with runners in scoring position, but the NL Central leaders still improved to 19-8 in May, setting a team record for wins in the month. Christian Yelich homered for the Brewers, and Erik Kratz had two hits and scored a run.
Harrison Bader homered for St. Louis, and Dexter Fowler had three singles.
MAKING MOVES
Reyes was reinstated from the 60-day disabled list. Right-hander Mike Mayers was optioned to Memphis, and right-hander Dominic Leone was transferred to the 60-day DL. Leone has been out since May 5 with right upper arm nerve irritation.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Cardinals: Fowler returned to the starting lineup after missing three games with a bruised right knee. He was hit by a pitch Saturday at Pittsburgh. ... LF Marcell Ozuna was a late scratch and replaced by Tyler O'Neill. Ozuna pinch-hit in the ninth and walked.
Brewers: SS Tyler Saladino (left ankle sprain) was placed on the 10-day DL. He got hurt Tuesday night. Eric Sogard started in his place, and Arcia took over in the seventh.
UP NEXT
Cardinals: RHP Jack Flaherty (2-1, 2.15 ERA) is scheduled to make his third career start against Pittsburgh on Friday. RHP Trevor Williams (5-3, 3.43 ERA) starts for the visiting Pirates.
Brewers: RHP Chase Anderson (4-3, 4.42 ERA) faces the Chicago White Sox on Friday night in the opener of an eight-game trip. He beat the White Sox 5-1 for Arizona in his major league debut on May 11, 2014.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
VATICAN CITY (AP) — Pope asks Vatican's top sex crimes expert to look into case of Chilean bishop accused of cover-up.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul 4, 2018--The global fruits and vegetables coatings market is expected to register a CAGR of close to 7% during the period 2018-2022, according to the latest market research report by .
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005165/en/
Technavio has published a new market research report on the global fruits and vegetables coatings market from 2018-2022. (Graphic: Business Wire)
A key factor driving the market's growth is the reduction in the price of editing software. Coatings help in restoring the natural coatings of fruit and vegetables and prevent dehydration. Several post-harvested conventional and organically approved processing solutions are used for coating fruits and vegetables. Some of the popular coatings include vegetables waxes such as carnauba, animal-based waxes such as shellac, and mineral and synthetic waxes.
This market research report on the provides an analysis of the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook during the forecast period. Technavio predicts an emerging trend as a major factor that has the potential to significantly impact the market and contribute to its growth or decline.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only:
In this report, Technavio highlights the increasing demand for food products with long shelf lives as one of the key emerging trends in the global fruits and vegetables coatings market:
Global fruits and vegetables coatings market: Increasing demand for food products with long shelf lives
At present, the emphasis on reducing food wastage has increased in many countries, especially in regions such as APAC. It is estimated that 1.3 billion tons, which is approximately one-third of the food produced globally, is wasted annually. Wastage of food products leads to financial losses for retailers and manufacturers. Fruit harvesters and exporters apply fruit coatings in order to increase the shelf life of fruits and thus reducing wastage.
“Consumers prefer the enhanced flavor and freshness of coated fruits and vegetables. A key factor driving the growth of the market is the extended shelf life of coated fruit and vegetables. Applying wax coatings on fruits and vegetables significantly decreases the chances of post-harvest decay. These coatings reduce weight loss in fruits and increases tissue firmness during transportation and storage,” says a senior analyst at Technavio for research on food service.
Global fruits and vegetables coatings market: Segmentation analysis
This market research report segments the global fruits and vegetables coatings market into the following products (fruits coatings and vegetables coatings) and key regions (the Americas, APAC, and EMEA).
The fruits coatings segment held the largest market share in 2017, accounting for nearly 68% of the market. This product segment is expected to dominate the global market throughout the forecast period.
APAC held the highest share of the global fruits and vegetables coatings market in 2017, accounting for a market share of approximately 40%. The market share occupied by this region is anticipated to increase by nearly 1% during 2018-2022.
Looking for more information on this market?
Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.
Some of the key topics covered in the report include:
Market Landscape
Market ecosystem Market characteristics Market segmentation analysis
Market Sizing
Market sizing Market size and forecast
Five Forces Analysis
Market Segmentation
Geographical Segmentation
Regional comparison Key leading countries
Market Drivers
Market Challenges
Market Trends
Vendor Landscape
Vendors covered Vendor classification Market positioning of vendors Competitive scenario
About Technavio
is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions.
With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning across 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005165/en/
CONTACT: Technavio Research
Jesse Maida
Media & Marketing Executive
US: +1 844 364 1100
UK: +44 203 893 3200
www.technavio.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY OTHER TECHNOLOGY RETAIL FOOD/BEVERAGE OTHER RETAIL
SOURCE: Technavio Research
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 07/04/2018 09:18 AM/DISC: 07/04/2018 09:17 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005165/en
Granbury Pirates move to 3-2 (0-2 District 9-5A) with a 48-17 loss against the Crowley Eagles Friday night at Eagle Stadium. Granbury was without three starters. Mary Vinson/Hood County News
Traffic reports have been warning of major queues buiding up on the A607 through Navenby, Heath Lane at Harmston and the A15 and A17 leading to Holdingham roundabout at Sleaford as visitors to the UK's biggest arable farming show gets under way today (Wednesday).
Cereals 2017 is a two day annual event being held on farmland at Boothby Graffoe.
Whether it is through precision machinery, optimum crop choice or using expert advice to produce a more efficient business strategy, there is plenty on offer to help farmers to boost profits at this year's Cereals 2017 event.
Bringing together nearly 500 exhibitors to showcase the latest arable innovations, this will be the 40th event.
“Visiting Cereals gives arable farmers the opportunity to see what they should do, what they could do and what they would like to do,” says event organiser Jon Day.
“We've seen visitors return year after year, whether for the latest technical information, to review and compare machinery or simply for the networking opportunity – Cereals delivers.”
Stretching over 64ha on a working farm and attracting more than 24,000 visitors every year, Cereals is a hub for arable innovation.
Paul Thurrott reveals a new internal Microsoft memo from corporate vice president Panos Panay which acknowledges "some quality issues" with their launch of Surface Book and Surface Pro 4 . But an anonymous reader quotes a darker story from Thurrott.com:The Surface Book ultimately had a 17% return rate after its late-2015 launch, while the Surface Pro 4's return rate was 16%. So though Microsoft later pushed to improve subsequent releases, Panay's memo claims that "These improvements were unfortunately not reflected in the results of this [Consumer Reports] survey." The memo also reiterates high customer-satisfaction metrics , which Thurrott says "supports the contention that I made two days ago... Customers who spend more on premium products tend to be more satisfied even when they are unreliable because they need to justify their own decision-making process .""He also suggests that what Consumer Reports calls a 'failure' is perhaps overly-broad and that some incidents -- like a frozen screen or unresponsive touch -- are not 'failures' but are rather just minor incidents that are easily rectified by the user."
NEW YORK (AP) — Fifth Harmony is going on "hiatus."
The girl group announced Monday on Twitter that Ally Brooke, Normani Kordei, Dinah Jane and Lauren Jauregui will pursue "solo endeavors." The group says the break will allow them "to gain new experiences, strengths and perspectives that we can bring back to our Fifth Harmony family."
The group says it will perform remaining 2018 shows.
Camila Cabello left the group in 2016.
The singers auditioned as solo artists on "The X Factor" in 2012, but they were formed into a group and finished third in the competition.
Fifth Harmony released their debut album "Reflection" in 2015. They released their third album "Fifth Harmony" in 2017
Transcript for Actors kidnapped, held hostage for days in Los Angeles home
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
President Donald Trump's new immigration plan is stirring up controversy with its proposals on legal immigration. Much of the public debate to this point has been about young immigrants brought to this country as children illegally.
But the plan's potential impact on legal immigration has sparked fierce Democratic opposition and appears it may sink chances for a bipartisan deal in Congress.
The proposal outlined Thursday by the White House would end much family-based immigration and the visa lottery program, moves that some experts estimate could cut legal immigration into the United States nearly in half.
The plan would also protect some 700,000 young immigrants from deportation and provide a pathway to citizenship, a top Democratic goal.
The Latest on the American student reported missing in Bermuda (all times local):
5:50 p.m.
Police officials in Bermuda are confirming that they have found the body of missing U.S. student Mark Dombroski.
Acting Assistant Commissioner James Howard of the Bermuda Police Services declined to provide certain details, include how authorities believe he may have died during a visit to the British Island territory.
The discovery of his body was announced at a news conference in the British island territory after a day of searching that involved members of the 19-year-old's family, volunteers and local authorities.
———
5:30 p.m.
A police spokesman in Bermuda says authorities have found a body amid a search for a U.S. student who disappeared after a rugby tournament on the British island territory.
Spokesman Dwayne Caines did not disclose any details about the discovery and did not confirm that the body was that of 19-year-old Mark Dombroski.
The Bermuda Police Service said a news conference would be held later Monday.
Authorities and members of Dombroski's family had been searching Bermuda for the young man in a wooded area known as The Arboretum. It was near a sports center where Dombroski was competing as a member of the rugby team at Saint Joseph's University in Philadelphia.
He was last seen early Sunday after a night of socializing.
A Chinese couple that met on a blind date in 2011 and married the following year very nearly met more than a decade earlier while vacationing in the same city.
Interested in China? Add China as an interest to stay up to date on the latest China news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
While visiting his wife's mother about two weeks ago, Mr. Ye was looking through old photographs and saw his wife, Ms. Xue, in Qingdao at the exact same spot on the exact same day -- and there in the background of a picture of her, was him.
Chengdu Shangbao
Ye posted on social media: "This was my wife on vacation in Qingdao in 2000, I didn't know her back then, but I was right behind her. This is so amazing, I took a picture at the same place too!"
They visited Qingdao again in 2012 and took a photo together while on vacation, not yet knowing the significance of the location.
Ye later told the local media outlet Chengdu Shangbao that as amazing as their near-meeting was 18 years ago, he remains focused on how well he and Xue are getting along in their marriage, of which she's been very supportive.
The couple now has twin daughters and is planning to return to Qingdao one day to take a family photo of all four of them.
ABC News' Kaijing Xiao contributed to this report.
A chilling Facebook message posted before a van plowed onto a crowded Toronto sidewalk has raised the possibility the suspect in the attack nursed grudges against women and it is bringing back memories of a 1989 massacre of 14 women that remains one of Canada's most traumatic acts of violence.
A crowd gathered late Tuesday in Toronto's North York community to pay their respects to the van victims at a makeshift memorial of roses, candles and messages of condolence.
"I needed to come here to show that I'm not afraid of this city," said Meena Chowdry, wiping away tears. "That one man's actions cannot taint an otherwise beautiful, welcoming city."
Earlier in the day, the 25-year-old suspect, Alek Minassian, was charged with first degree murder in the deaths of 10 pedestrians mowed down by a rented van that he sent careening along a mile of a busy walkway. Fourteen others were injured.
Toronto Police Services Det. Sgt. Graham Gibson said at a news conference that those killed and injured were "predominantly" women, though he declined to discuss a possible motive.
"All the lanes are open with this investigation," said Police Chief Mark Saunders.
Authorities had yet to release a list of victims. Those known to have been killed include a 30-year-old woman from Toronto, Anne Marie D'Amico, who was active in volunteer work, as well as a female student at Seneca College, which Minassian attended. A Jordanian citizen and two South Koreans were also among those killed.
The gender issue arose because of what police called a "cryptic" Facebook message posted by Minassian just before the incident that suggested he was part of an online community angry over their inability to form relationships with women.
The now-deleted post saluted Elliot Rodger, a community college student who killed six people and wounded 13 in shooting and stabbing attacks near the University of California, Santa Barbara, in 2014.
Calling Rodger "the Supreme Gentleman," the Facebook post declared: "The Incel Rebellion has already begun! We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys!"
Rodger had used the term "incel" — for involuntarily celibate — in online posts raging at women for rejecting him romantically. Like-minded people in internet forums sometimes use "Chad" and "Stacy" as dismissive slang for men and women with more robust sex lives.
The anti-women sentiment also recalled Canada's 1989 massacre at the Ecole Polytechnique, an engineering college in Montreal, when 25-year-old Marc Lepine entered a classroom, separated the men from the women, told the men to leave and opened fire, killing 14 women before killing himself. In a suicide note, he blamed feminists for ruining his life.
Since then, there have been sporadic mass shootings in Canada, but none with a higher death toll — reinforcing the view among many Canadians that their country is less violent than the United States.
Wendy Cukier, a professor in the business school at Toronto's Ryerson University and president of Canada's Coalition for Gun Control, said Canada may avoid some types of violence because its social programs are stronger than those in many U.S. states and there is less income inequality. But the main difference, she contends, is tighter gun regulations in Canada.
"If you take guns out of the mix, Canada and the U.S. are identical," she said, citing statistics indicating the two countries have similar rates of non-firearm homicides.
Although police said Monday's rampage did not appear linked to international terrorism, the use of a vehicle to kill mirrored tactics used by terrorists in France, Germany, Spain, New York City and elsewhere.
Since 2014, there have been at least two terror-related cases in Canada of vehicles being used as weapons — they caused several injuries and one death. But overall, Canada has been spared high-casualty terror attacks.
Its most striking incidents of violence over the past 50 years have varied widely in nature.
In 2014 a Canadian Muslim fatally shot a member of the honor guard at Ottawa's national war memorial, then stormed Parliament, where he was shot to death by a sergeant-at arms. Last year, a French-Canadian man fatally shot six Muslim men during evening prayers at a mosque in Quebec City. Back in 1972, 37 people died in a Montreal cafe deliberately set on fire by three men who had been refused entry.
Canadian rapper Maestro Fresh Wes returned to the scene of the van rampage Tuesday, pausing by a newly erected memorial. Wes, who lives nearby, was strolling down Yonge Street to get a haircut when he saw a body bag on the ground.
"Yesterday was the most beautiful day of the year and then look what happened," he said. "Toronto is a safe city but things could happen anywhere. When these things happen, you have to reflect."
Also revisiting the site was Saman Tabasinejad, a New Democrat Party politician who was canvassing in the area when the attack occurred.
"I saw shattered glass everywhere, a fire hydrant knocked over and then five body bags," she said. "People were holding others and I saw solidarity all over, people trying to help others."
"When something like this happens, you think people are going to run away from the tragedy, but people didn't — they ran toward it to try to help others," she added. "It shows that something like this could happen at the hands of one person, but so many more stand against it and show their humanity."
———
Associated Press writer Charmaine Noronha reported this story in Toronto and AP writer David Crary reported from New York. AP writer Ben Fox in Miami contributed to this report.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — The two largest resort operators in Las Vegas would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike, a possibility starting Friday, the union representing thousands of casino workers said.
The Culinary Union detailed how it thinks a one-month strike would impact MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment, which operate more than half the properties that would be affected if 50,000 workers walk off the job. Workers last week voted to authorize a strike as disputes over workplace training, wages and other issues have kept the union and casino operators from agreeing on new contracts.
The union conceded that it is difficult to estimate how the strike at more than 30 casino-hotels would affect Las Vegas overall because the last citywide strike took place in 1984, when the city had 90,000 fewer hotel rooms and only about 12.8 million annual visitors. Last year, more than 42.2 million people visited.
But it says MGM and Caesars would see a 10 percent reduction in revenue because of the loss of group and independent travelers. A strike also could happen as fans head to Las Vegas for the Stanley Cup Final.
"Furthermore, one might assume a 10 percent worsening of operating margins due to the use of less experienced and less skilled replacements ... to keep the doors open, rooms cleaned, food cooked, and cocktails served, not to mention other factors such as the disruptions to management staff's regular work," the union wrote.
Using the companies' earnings reports for the first three months of the year, the union's estimates show a one-month strike could reduce MGM's earnings before interest, taxes and other items by more than $206 million and Caesars' by over $113 million.
Contracts expire at midnight Thursday for bartenders, housekeepers, cocktail and food servers, porters, bellmen, cooks and other kitchen workers at properties on the Las Vegas Strip and downtown Las Vegas, including Caesars Palace, Bellagio, Stratosphere, Treasure Island, The D and El Cortez.
Dealers are not part of the Culinary Union. Casino-resorts that would not be affected by the strike include Wynn Las Vegas, Encore, The Venetian and Palazzo.
MGM, which employees 24,000 of the workers, said it met with union negotiators Monday and has more talks scheduled this week. The company says it remains confident that it "can resolve the outstanding contract issues and come to an agreement that works for all sides."
Caesars said it "expects to agree to a new 5-year contract with the Culinary Union on or about June 1 when the current contract expires." About 12,000 of its workers are part of the negotiations for new five-year contracts.
The union said it is asking for training on new skills and job opportunities as the companies adopt technology that can displace workers. It also wants an independent study to analyze the workload of housekeepers and contract language that would protect workers if properties are sold.
"What is going to happen to my position?" said Fernando Fernandez, a guest runner at Caesars Palace. "I think they are going to be disappearing it, because robots are going to be available to deliver everything."
He said he wants training to fix or program the robots that he believes could eventually replace him.
The union says it has asked MGM for average annual wage increases of 4 percent for each of the five years. A document says the company has countered with an approximate 2.7 percent increase.
Caesars workers are asking for an increase of 4.2 percent effective Friday, and annual increases of about 4 percent thereafter. Another document shows the company has offered an approximate 2.8 percent increase for each of the five years.
The average hourly wage of union workers is $23, including benefits such as premium-free health care, a pension and a 401(k) retirement savings plan and $25,000 down-payment assistance for first-time homebuyers.
___
Follow Regina Garcia Cano on Twitter at https://twitter.com/reginagarciakNO
Michelle Carter and Conrad Roy III are both sad figures in a teenage tragedy that ended with Roy killing himself and Carter charged with manslaughter.
A juvenile court judge now finds himself at the center of a legal quagmire: Should he set a legal precedent in Massachusetts by convicting Carter of manslaughter for encouraging Roy to take his own life through dozens of text messages? Or should he acquit her and risk sending a message that Carter's behavior was less than criminal?
Judge Lawrence Moniz is deliberating Carter's fate following a jury-waived trial that provided a disturbing look at teen depression and suicide. It is not clear when the judge will issue his verdict.
The case has been closely watched in the legal community and widely shared on social media, in part, because of the dozens of text messages Carter sent Roy in the days before he was found dead of carbon monoxide poisoning in his truck parked in a Kmart parking lot.
"You're finally going to be happy in heaven. No more pain. It's okay to be scared and it's normal. I mean, you're about to die," Carter wrote in one message.
Her texts later became more insistent after Roy appeared to delay his plan.
"I thought you wanted to do this. The time is right and you're ready —— just do it babe," she wrote.
In another text sent the day Roy died, Carter wrote: "You can't think about it. You just have to do it. You said you were gonna do it. Like I don't get why you aren't."
Carter is accused of involuntary manslaughter, a charge that can be brought in Massachusetts when someone causes the death of another person when engaging in reckless or wanton conduct that creates a high degree of likelihood of substantial harm.
Prosecutors have argued that Carter's text messages support their claim that Carter caused Roy's death by "wantonly and recklessly" helping him poison himself.
Roy, 18, had a history of depression and had attempted suicide in 2012, taking an overdose of Tylenol. Roy's mother testified at Carter's trial that Roy seemed to improve after he began taking medication and getting counseling. He graduated from high school in 2014 and had plans to attend college, she said.
Carter, then 17, also had struggled with depression, as well as anorexia, and had been prescribed antidepressants.
Carter and Roy met in Florida in 2012 while visiting relatives. Their relationship largely consisted of text messages and emails.
Daniel Medwed, a law professor at Northeastern University, said the judge has a difficult task in determining whether Carter's actions rise to the level of manslaughter. There is no Massachusetts law against encouraging someone to kill themselves. Medwed said the judge could consider Carter "morally blameworthy," but "moral blame doesn't always equal legal accountability. "
Martin Healy, chief legal counsel of the Massachusetts Bar Association, said the case also presents some novel issues of law on the use of cellphones and text messages. Carter was not with Roy when he killed himself, but she was talking on the phone with him as his truck filled with carbon monoxide. At one point, when Roy became frightened and got out of his truck, Carter told him to "get back in," according to a text she later sent to a friend.
Carter appealed the manslaughter charge, but the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court found that there was enough evidence for the case to go to trial. The court found that Carter was "virtually present" at the time of Roy's suicide.
In order to convict Carter, the judge would have to find that prosecutors had proven the elements of manslaughter beyond a reasonable doubt, a much higher legal standard to reach than the probable cause that was needed for the grand jury to indict her.
VATICAN CITY (AP) — The retired cardinal of Hong Kong has revealed the behind-the-scenes drama of the Vatican's efforts to improve relations with China, including its request for a legitimate bishop to retire in favor of an excommunicated one who is recognized by Beijing.
Cardinal Joseph Zen, the most vocal opponent of Pope Francis' opening to China, bitterly criticized the proposed changing of the guard in Shantou diocese and revealed in a Facebook post Monday that he had traveled to the Vatican this month to personally raise it with the pope.
Zen confirmed reports by the AsiaNews missionary news agency that the Vatican had asked Shantou Bishop Peter Zhuang Jianjian, 88, to step down in favor of Bishop Joseph Huang Bingzhang. Huang was excommunicated by the Vatican in 2011 after he was consecrated without papal approval.
Zen said that he was exposing the "confidential" information — including the contents of his Jan. 14 audience with Francis — so that the Chinese faithful "may know the truth to which they are entitled."
"My conscience tells me that in this case, the right to truth should override any such duty of confidentiality," he wrote.
The issue of bishop nominations is the key stumbling block in Vatican-Chinese relations that were officially severed when Beijing ordered Chinese Catholics to cut ties with the Holy See soon after the foundation of the Communist state in 1949.
The Vatican insists only the pope can nominate successors to Christ's apostles. China views the Vatican's insistence as interference in its sovereignty.
Popes from John Paul II onward have expressed hope for restoring diplomatic ties, with Pope Benedict XVI taking the boldest step in 2007 by urging the millions of Chinese Catholics worshipping in both the state-controlled aboveground and the oft-persecuted clandestine underground churches to unite under his jurisdiction.
Francis is taking that overture further to try to reach a deal with the state-backed Chinese Patriotic Catholic Association.
"Do I think that the Vatican is selling out the Catholic Church in China?" Zen asked in his post. "Yes, definitely, if they go in the direction which is obvious from all what they are doing in recent years and months."
The Vatican spokesman, Greg Burke, declined to comment, or to confirm or deny the AsiaNews report.
The news agency, which follows the Catholic Church closely in China, reported earlier this month that a Vatican delegation was in Beijing in December to negotiate Zhuang's retirement and Huang's nomination in Shantou.
In addition, the Vatican asked the legitimate bishop of Mindong, Monsignor Joseph Guo Xijin, to accept a demotion to become an auxiliary bishop to Bishop Vincent Zhan Silu, who isn't recognized by the Vatican, the agency said.
But Zen wrote that when he raised the cases with Francis during a Jan. 14 private audience, the pope said he had told his aides "not to create another Mindszenty case" with regards to the Chinese bishops.
The reference was to the Hungarian Cardinal Josef Mindszenty, who was imprisoned by Hungary's communist rulers and, during a brief spell of freedom during the revolution of 1956, took refuge in the U.S. Embassy in Budapest. Pope Paul VI eventually stripped him of his titles under pressure from the Hungarian government.
Zen said he felt encouraged by Francis' refusal to allow a similar fate to befall China's underground churchmen. "His words should be rightly understood as of consolation and encouragement more for them than for me," he said.
The government-recognized bishop of Mindong, Vincent Zhan Silu said he didn't know about the changes.
"What I know is that China and Vatican remain in contact and are negotiating on some relevant issues. As for how far the negotiations have gone and how to carry out personnel exchanges, I am not sure about that," he told The Associated Press.
Calls to the ethnic and religious authorities in the two dioceses went unanswered. There was also no answer at the China Patriotic Catholic Association.
___
AP writer Yu Bing contributed from Beijing.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
TORONTO -
U.S. customs officials have released a photo of a mock improvised explosive device that led to delays at Toronto's Pearson International Airport when it was found in a passenger's luggage earlier this month.
United States Customs and Border Protection tweeted the photo Monday morning and praised the officers who spotted the device on April 6.
The discovery of the item during an inspection at the airport's pre-clearance area caused what was described as a major security breach.
Passengers on a United Airlines flight to Chicago were stuck on the tarmac for more than four hours before they could disembark.
An American man — 58-year-old Joseph Galaska — was charged with one count of mischief in connection with the incident.
He was released on bail and his case is due back in a Toronto-area court on Tuesday, though his lawyer says he will not appear in person.
Galaska's wife has told ABC News the device found was an alarm clock.
#Catchoftheday! Great work by Toronto #Preclearance! #CBP officers discovered this mock IED last week in a passenger's luggage. (1/2) pic.twitter.com/stROkj48ku — CBP (@CustomsBorder) April 17, 2017
BRUSSELS (AP) — The European Union on Wednesday urged the U.S. to not go it alone in any effort to make peace between Israel and the Palestinians and warned that doing so would end in failure.
"Any framework for negotiations must be multilateral and must involve all players — all partners — that are essential to this process. A process without one or the other would simply not work, would simply not be realistic," EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said.
"Nothing without the United States, nothing with the United States alone," Mogherini told reporters in Brussels.
Her comments came at an emergency meeting of an international committee coordinating Palestinian development aid. Government ministers from Israel and Egypt, as well as the Palestinian prime minister and a U.S. senior official are attending the talks, to be chaired by Norway and scheduled to run for about three hours.
The meeting is the first of its kind since President Donald Trump recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital, breaking with an international consensus that the holy city's status should be resolved in negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians.
Mogherini said "this is a difficult moment" for the region. She said that Wednesday's meeting will focus on ways to promote a two-state solution to the conflict and expressed hope that it "could be an element of facilitation for restoring some trust and a level of confidence."
As the talks began, the EU announced a new funding package of 42.5 million euros ($million) to help the Palestinians build their new state. It includes substantial support in East Jerusalem, which the Palestinians hope to make their future capital.
The meeting will also look at ways to support the U.N. agency working with Palestinian refugees, UNRWA.
The U.S. has been the largest donor, giving one-third of the total budget. But the Trump administration withheld half of the first installment of payments this year, demanding reforms as a condition for future aid.
UNRWA says the move has sparked its biggest ever financial crisis. It's called on donors to speed up their funding, and Switzerland, Finland, Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Germany, Russia, Belgium, Kuwait, the Netherlands and Ireland have taken steps to do so.
UNRWA said it is seeking $800 million for emergency operations in Syria, the West Bank and Gaza Strip this year.
In Slovenia, meanwhile, officials have delayed a decision on whether to recognize the Palestinian territories as a separate state after pressure from Israel and the United States.
Slovenia's Parliament Foreign Policy Committee suspended its session on Wednesday pending official government position. The native country of U.S. first lady Melania Trump could become only the second EU state to recognize a Palestinian state after Sweden.
___
Dusan Stojanovic in Belgrade contributed to this report.
The children pile into the stadium in shiny clothes, clutching green-and-white Pakistani flags. Their parents light the area with cell phones to record the event as they scream, chant and cheer, watching soldiers close a gate that separates India from Pakistan.
In the evening ritual at the Wagah-Attari border, near Lahore and Amritsar, soldiers from both countries high-kick, shake their fists, then shake hands – and slam the gate shut.
It is deeply visceral for many Pakistanis: an acknowledgement of their border, of a plucky country they feel they have sacrificed so much to create.
Pakistan was imagined more than 70 years ago by a stern, British-educated, whiskey-drinking Shiite lawyer. Muhammad Ali Jinnah hoped for a nation as cosmopolitan as he was. He led the fight to carve the country out of British-ruled India. In a new, independent India, Muslims were fearful that they would be dominated by a Hindu majority.
But in the decades since, the sense of who is a citizen in the Muslim state hasn't been resolved. The question has come at a high price: Although Pakistan's constitution specifies the protection of minority rights, "the government limited freedom of religion," according to the State Department. The country's tiny minorities of Sikhs, Christians and Hindus are vulnerable to persecution. Certain laws, such as blasphemy laws, are often used to target them.
Within the Muslim community as well, the definition of who exactly is a Muslim has narrowed.
The seeds of Pakistan's intolerance were sown within the country's very ideology as a Muslim state, says Taimur Rehman, a political scientist at the Lahore University of Management Sciences.
That intolerance was "inherent in the very way in which Pakistan was created and the very purpose which it was supposed to serve of being a Muslim state," he says. "By its very definition, it has already singled out a community in opposition to another one," he says, referring to Muslims and Hindus. "And it's very easy for that community to be narrowed further."
Over the decades, he argues, the narrowing has been exacerbated by the military, Pakistan's most powerful institution, which cultivated hard-line Islamists to wage a jihad in the disputed region of Kashmir, among other things.
This has given right-wing religious groups outsize influence. "Despite never having won an election," Rehman says, "they are nonetheless able to dictate the narrative in the country because of the support that they have from the military establishment."
Perhaps none have suffered more than members of a small Muslim sect, known as Ahmadis, whose beliefs clash with the dominant Sunni version of Islam. They played a key role in founding Pakistan. They are a community of over-achievers: An Ahmadi physicist, Abdus Salam, received one of only two Nobel prizes awarded to Pakistanis.
But the state declared Ahmadis as heretics via a constitutional amendment in the 1970s and restricted their rights further in the 1980s. They're not allowed to call themselves Muslims, and can't refer to their houses of worship as mosques. Over the years, militants have attacked their mosques and targeted them in killings.
In a leafy suburb near Lahore, the Khans live in a two-story home behind a high gate that's firmly bolted. Mrs. Khan stands on the balcony every morning, waiting for her husband to return from prayers at their local mosque. She's terrified that somebody will kill him.
"We are frightened," she says. "For the life." (Her first name isn't being published out of concern for the family's safety.)
Most of her family already fled overseas.
So far, Mrs. Khan insists on staying. She runs a clinic that dispenses free medicine to her poorer neighbors. "If I go, the people will suffer," she says.
She doesn't want to "just sit and eat" in exile. "This is not the meaning of life."
She's also worried about her nephew. Twice, somebody threw a note into his house warning him to convert to Sunni Islam — or die. He hides out here when he's afraid.
He repeatedly tried to flee Pakistan – but he says the U.K., Sweden and Canada all rejected applications.
The roots of intolerance run deeper than just how Pakistan defines itself as a Muslim state, says Anam Zakariya, an oral historian in Islamabad.
She traces it back to Pakistan's birth story – at the time of Partition, in 1947, when millions of Hindus and Sikhs fled to India and Muslims to Pakistan. Mobs raped and butchered each other — around a million people died.
But Zakariya says those events are pushed aside. Pakistan focuses on celebrating its creation – and emphasizes how Muslims were victims.
"Now if it's your biggest victory to date," Zakariya says, "you have to make sure that the bloodshed is portrayed to the younger generations as perpetrated by Indians — Hindus and Sikhs."
It's to drive home the point: "And that's why there was a need to create Pakistan."
There are challenges emerging to that narrative. In a sprawling park in the heart of noisy, smoggy Lahore, a museum will soon open that will look at Partition through the stories of the people who witnessed it. It's a collaboration between the Citizens Archive of Pakistan, a nonprofit, and the government of Punjab, Pakistan's most populous province.
"This is the first place in the entire country where you'll experience what the refugees in 1947 experienced," says Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy, an Oscar-winning documentary filmmaker and head of the Citizens Archive.
Being exposed to stories from survivors of Partition will help create a more inclusive Pakistan, she believes, but it's a race against time – the people who lived through Partition are fading away.
And 70 years on, the very idea of what Pakistan is meant to be – an Islamic state, in opposition to Hindu-dominated India – feels hard to shake.
Near the museum construction site, the Abdul Aziz family huddles under a shelter as a sudden summer rain drenches the park. Their patriarch, Yousef, isn't sure of his age, but says he used to work in fields alongside Hindus – and so he predates Partition. When the Hindus left Pakistan, he said, Muslims became free.
"We are now in a country where we can say, 'There is no God but God and Muhammed is his messenger,'" he says, reciting the Muslim declaration of faith.
In Pakistan, he says, "There is no idolatry" – a reference to polytheist Hinduism.
His granddaughters Sania, 22, and Aya, 19, nod in agreement. He says he's proud of Pakistan, which he describes as a "fort of Islam" where it's safe for his grandchildren to grow up.
Sania says she's not interested in a museum. She's already heard her grandfather's stories of Partition, and she'll tell them one day to her own children.
Besides, she says, "I know history — the Islamic history of Pakistan."
Transcript for Manhunt underway for person of interest in shooting of 2 police officers, civilian
Once again and Dallas. Is that the precipice. Looking. Into the hell heartbreak as our. Police department. Was attacked this afternoon. Approximately 4:12 PM. Officers received a call to the 111000 block before central dropped The Home Depot. Shortly after they Iraq. It was a subsequent call for assistance. Or officers. Were shot. They were transported. Fox higher Dallas rescue. It's here to Presbyterian Hospital. What we believe they're getting the best possible case. What we know right now. Is that the person of interest. Is a Armond hill the weeks Morris. He is a Latin male approximately 29 years old. What we do know right now he's that he possibly left the location. In a white pickup truck. That information is going to be given to you shortly in a bulletin. We're going to give you all the information the possible apartment interests data are in any other information that was issued. In assisting us in apprehending this individual questioning. We do believe that he is armed at this time I do not have all the details of how he was able. Two. Act gets a gun and shoot all three of the officers that were in that location loss prevention officer. As well as our two officers were still investigating. Reviewing video and all of those things and we will continue to update you. As that information comes.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
HAVANA (AP) — Cuba has opened up its first wholesale market in an economy dominated by government-run enterprises.
State-run newspaper Granma says the market is part of an ongoing effort to "reorganize" commerce on the communist island. The market will sell beans, beer, sugar, cigars and other basic staples for 20 to 30 percent less than the products are sold throughout the country.
Since 2010, the government has authorized about 500,000 people to operate private businesses, and many of them have long-sought access to a wholesale marketplace. Their wait is not over. The government says the market known as the Mercabal is only open to 35 worker-owned cooperatives in Havana, at least for now.
The state-run economy accounts for 70 to 80 percent of the Cuban economy.
IAEA chief Yukiya Amano says Trump administration has yet to be in touch about their criticism of the Iran nuclear deal.
The head of the United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said Tuesday that the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump has yet to be in touch with him or others about their criticism of the Iran nuclear deal.
Speaking to The Associated Press, Yukiya Amano said his organization was "in constant touch" with the U.S., but had yet to hear from the new administration on their concerns.
"I'm expecting to have direct contact with the new administration very soon," Amano said.
Trump has been highly critical of the Iran nuclear deal, saying it was “disastrous” and pledging to annul it.
Most recently, Trump described the nuclear deal as “the worst deal I've ever seen negotiated” and accused the Islamic Republic of “disrespecting” the United States because of the deal.
Iranian officials, however, have downplayed Trump's threats to annul the nuclear deal, insisting he cannot do so even if he wishes.
Several weeks ago, Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said that Trump would be “surprised” by his country if he annuls the deal, but did not explain what he meant by that.
Amano told AP the Iranian government also had yet to reach out on Trump's comments, though it remained in touch with UN atomic officials. He mentioned his trip in December to Tehran, in which he met President Hassan Rouhani and others.
"Why not meet again in the near future?" he told the news agency.
Amano further noted that the deal has held up despite a "number of events," like Iran slightly exceeding its heavy water allotment.
"We have been monitoring," he stressed. "When there's a certain indication, we can detect it immediately."
Since the implementation of the deal, Iran was found several times to have exceeded the amount of heavy water it is permitted to produce under the agreement. The IAEA determined that those violations were minor.
In September, the IAEA indicated that Iran had kept to the nuclear deal to which it agreed with six world powers, which limits its stockpiles of substances that could be used to make atomic weapons.
Amano stressed on Tuesday that Iran's stockpile of low-enriched uranium remained below the level required of the nuclear accord.
"The IAEA is functioning as the eyes and ears of the international community," he told AP.
ELIZABETHTON, TN (WJHL) – Elizabethton Mayor Curt Alexander said he's uncertain the Twins Minor League Baseball team will return to the mound as the town's home team.
Talks about the city's plan to spend money to upgrade the baseball stadium have stalled as the Twin's major league team decides if the local team will remain in Elizabethton.
If council approves it, Mayor Alexander said funds may be spent on the facility regardless because the Elizabethton High School baseball team plays there.
Alexander said he is still waiting on word from the Minnesota Twins, but he has his doubts.
“I'm sure they're looking at other locations so what we're probably really close to focusing on if we want minor-league baseball in Elizabethton it'll probably be somebody other than the twins”, Alexander said.
Mayor Alexander said if they do not receive word from the twins by the time the Elizabethton city council has to approve a budget, the stadium renovation funding may be used for other projects.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
By Kristina Pritchett
The Aventura Sailing Association invites guests to a night of laughter as they host Chas Elstner for their comedy night and open house on Saturday, Feb. 18.
Members and guests are invited to join the sailing association for an evening of entertainment with Elstner and host Joey Bielaska.
Bielaska said they try to host a comedian every three to four months and was excited about the upcoming show.
has been seen on MTV's 1/2 Hour Comedy Hour, VH-1's Standup Spotlight and Entertainment Tonight.
Bielaska previously owned his own comedy clubs and opened for Tim Allen and Soupy Sales.
Tickets are $20 and can be purchased at www.aventurasailing.com/event. Doors open at 7 p.m. and the show begins at 8 p.m.
Aventura Sailing is located at 24707 Dana Drive, Dana Point.
___
INFLUENCE GAME: Telecom lobbying muscle kills privacy rules
NEW YORK (AP) — The telecom industry's lobbying muscle has helped push a consumer privacy measure to a swift death in Congress. Digital-rights and consumer-advocacy groups support keeping the rules. But they were outmatched by telecom services and telephone companies, which spent more than $120 million in 2016 to lobby this and other issues.
———
Led by banks, stocks jump after strong report from China
NEW YORK (AP) — Banks, technology and consumer-focused companies lead stocks higher after China's economy, the world's second-largest, regained some strength in the first quarter. It was the best day for US stocks in more than a month. Drugmaker Eli Lilly fell after regulators refused to approve a rheumatoid arthritis pill.
———
Netflix on the verge of hitting 100 million subscribers
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Netflix is on the verge of surpassing 100 million subscribers, a testament to how much the video streaming service has changed the entertainment landscape since its debut a decade ago. The milestone will be reached this weekend if Netflix's projections are correct. Netflix still has a way to catch up with its cable-TV role model, HBO, which has 134 million subscribers.
———
US homebuilder sentiment slips, but overall outlook positive
U.S. homebuilders are feeling slightly less optimistic about their sales prospects, even as their overall outlook remains favorable. The National Association of Home Builders/Wells Fargo builder sentiment index released Monday slipped to 68 this month. That's down three points from 71 in March, when it jumped to the highest level since June 2005.
———
Overcoming Opioids: The quest for less addictive drugs
With some 2 million Americans hooked on opioid painkillers, drug companies are racing to find alternatives to stem the epidemic. Some fresh approaches are providing some hope such as drugs that target specific pathways in the brain or prevent the needs for opioids. But the biggest need is for novel medicines that can be used by lots of people for lots of problems.
———
Bank of America settles racial discrimination case from 1993
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — The U.S. Labor Department says Bank of America has settled a decades-old case that accused its predecessor company of systematically discriminating against black applicants for entry-level jobs in Charlotte. The bank settled the 1993 case by agreeing that about 1,000 people who applied for clerical, teller and administrative positions a generation ago would share $1 million in back wages and interest.
———
Kids prefer the TV for their viewing, but love other devices
NEW YORK (AP) — Youngsters mostly watch television on a television. As old-fashioned, linear, off-the-air telecasts. Just as their elders mostly still do, and always have, since TV was born.
———
Arconic CEO Klaus Kleinfeld steps down
NEW YORK (AP) — Arconic says CEO and Chairman Klaus Kleinfeld has agreed to step down from those roles after the company's board of directors discovered that he sent a letter to one of Arconic's biggest shareholders without telling them. Arconic makes aluminum, titanium or nickel parts for planes, cars and electronics. The New York-based company was spun off from aluminum company Alcoa last year.
———
China's 1Q economic growth ticks higher to 6.9 percent
HONG KONG (AP) — China reports its economic growth rose to 6.9 percent in the first quarter of the year. Data released Monday show the world's second-biggest economy grew at a slightly faster pace in the January-March period than in the previous quarter, when it expanded at a 6.8 percent annual pace. It's the second straight quarter that China's economy has accelerated, suggesting its rebound is gaining momentum.
———
Brazil construction firm ordered to pay $2.6B in bribe case
NEW YORK (AP) — Brazilian construction conglomerate Odebrecht has been ordered in New York to pay $2.6 billion in fines to settle charges it bribed officials in a dozen countries. The payout was ordered Monday by Judge Raymond Dearie after a plea agreement was reached in December. Odebrecht has apologized for its involvement in corruption scandals that led to the arrest of its former chief executives and several of its officials.
———
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 20.06 points, or 0.9 percent, to 2,349.01.
The Dow Jones industrial average surged 183.67 points, or 0.9 percent, to 20,636.92.
The Nasdaq composite gained 51.64 points, or 0.9 percent, to 5,856.79.
Benchmark U.S. crude lost 53 cents, or 1 percent, to $52.65 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 53 cents to $55.36 per barrel in London.
Wholesale gasoline slipped 2 cents to $1.72 a gallon. Heating oil fell 2 cents to $1.63 a gallon. Natural gas decreased 6 cents, or 2 percent, to $3.16 per 1,000 cubic feet.
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — The maker of a video game that pits players worldwide in a fight for survival on virtual terrain is using U.S. courts to chasten cheaters from Ukraine to Minnesota.
North Carolina-based Epic Games has gotten promises from men in Minnesota, Sweden and Russia to stop cheating and spoiling revenues from its popular "Fortnite" online multiplayer game. The company also closed its case against a Louisiana boy with a confidential settlement.
Only the Minnesotan faces a $5,000 penalty if he resumes cheating. Epic Games spokesman Nick Chester would not say Wednesday whether that's because the company can't enforce financial penalties against foreign copyright violators.
The company has sued three Americans and seven foreign hackers for undercutting the game played by 10 million people worldwide.
Rafael Nadal cuddled a koala on the banks of the river, something that has become a customary photo opportunity for celebrity players on debut at the Brisbane International.
The 14-time major winner has altered his preparation for the Australian Open, hoping a change of venues for the warmup tournaments will bring a change of luck at the season's first Grand Slam tournament after a shocking first-round exit in 2016.
Nadal kicked off his season with a win in an exhibition tournament in Abu Dhabi on New Year's Eve, then headed directly to Australia to fine-tune at the Brisbane International in preference to remaining in the Gulf for the event in Doha.
"I played well in Abu Dhabi ... I played three good matches, and that's important for me," Nadal said Monday after the brief meet-and-greet with a local politician and a native marsupial. "I really hope the good matches I played in Abu Dhabi helps me for here."
The 30-year-old Spaniard is playing in Brisbane for the first time, replacing Roger Federer as the tournament's male draw card. He has a tricky opener against Alexandr Dolgopolov and, if he gets through that, a potential quarterfinal against top-seeded Milos Raonic, the defending champion.
Nadal is coming off a left wrist injury that curtailed his 2016 season, and thinks the extra time in Australia will help him prepare to win his first major title since the 2014 French Open.
Until last year, he had reached the quarterfinals or better at every Australian Open he had contested since 2007, including victory in '09 and runs to the final in 2012 and '14.
The wrist injury last year forced Nadal to withdraw from the French Open before the third round and skip Wimbledon. He won the Olympic doubles gold medal for Spain in Rio de Janeiro, but he struggled with the pain and didn't win a title on a surface other than clay in 2016.
"Last year that I was playing great, I get injured in the worst moment possible," he said. "I'm happy to be back on the competition again. Abu Dhabi was a good start. I need to continue that way."
Despite his struggles with injury and the recent dominance of Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic, Nadal thinks he can still contend for the Grand Slam titles.
"Being here in Brisbane is good news for me," he said, two weeks before the Australian Open starts. "I don't know if that's going to help me or not — I can tell you after Melbourne, I cannot predict the future.
"The only thing I can say is if I am healthy, I believe that I can do it. If not, I (would) be at home fishing."
Amid heightening rhetoric over an attack on the U.S. island territory of Guam, Secretary of Defense James Mattis told reporters Monday that his department will know “within moments” where a North Korean missile is headed, were it to be launched.
"We'll know if it's going towards Guam within moments," he said, adding later, "We know swiftly after it's launched where it's going to land."
Mattis also cautioned that “we'll take it out” if the missile is located heading to the U.S. territory off the coast of the Philippines.
However, Mattis said that President Donald Trump would be the one to decide America's response if the missile is found to have been launched into Guam's surroundings waters.
"Well, then it becomes an issue that we take up however the president chooses," he responded.
Mattis chose stronger words for the hostile North Korean regime during the press gaggle Monday in comparison to his words last week during an event in California.
Mattis said that if North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's army fired a missile at the U.S, it would “escalate into war very quickly,” and that if it hit U.S. cities, it would be “game on.” But the retired U.S. Marine Corps general stressed that the Defense Department will do its “best to make sure it doesn't hit the U.S.”
When asked to clarify his comments on an escalation of war, Mattis said, "War is up to the president, perhaps up to Congress. The bottom line is that we will defend the country from an attack. For us, that's war. That's a war-time situation."
Mattis also pointed out that making the decision to go to war can't be done in “advance,” given a “host of things going on,” especially since there are “allies that [they] have to consult with.”
On August 10, Mattis told reporters that a potential nuclear incident "would be catastrophic" and warned that the “tragedy of war is well-known.” Mattis looked to be opting for a more diplomatic route during the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental (DIUx) event in California, saying that he wanted to “stay right here now” in the “American effort [that] is diplomatically led.”
"It's [North Korea's] aligning the United Nations in very serious sanctions, and I would just tell you that it did not happen by accident," Mattis said, of the 15-0 unanimous U.N. Security Council vote to impose economic sanctions on North Korea and stop its missile production.
However, Mattis changed his tune on Monday, saying “welcome to reality” for the young troops who would be going into a wartime situation, adding that this doesn't mean war is being declared yet.
Mattis referenced the political satire Dr. Strangelove, a film that satirized the Cold War fears of a nuclear conflict between the Soviet Union and the U.S., saying he's not trying to “do things like that.”
Mattis released a harsher statement immediately following Trump's initial “fire and fury” comments last week and North Korea's threat to send four intermediate range missiles to Guam. The war veteran said “it must be noted that the combined allied militaries now possess the most precise, rehearsed and robust defensive...capabilities on Earth,” adding that any arms race would be “grossly overmatched by ours.”
Mattis has continuously warned North Korea of “the consequences” the rogue nation could bear in his slew of statements, despite calling for actions in a “diplomatically effective manner.”
The secretary said he regularly speaks with former secretaries of defense and state, as well as former national security advisers.
"Korea looms large in those discussions with all those predecessors," he said.
Mattis' comments Monday come on the heels of North Korea's warning Saturday that the Trump administration “better talk and act properly” if it doesn't want to meet its “tragic doom.”
“The U.S. has done all sorts of wrongs to the DPRK… but now it finds itself in an ever worsening dilemma, being thrown into the grip of extreme security unrest by the DPRK. This is tragicomedy of its own making,” North Korea said in a statement distributed through state-run media.
Trump spoke with a key leader in the conflict, China's President Xi JinPing, on Saturday to reiterate both nation's commitments to “denuclearization of the Korean peninsula.”
The Cornley Polytechnic Drama Society has been busy bringing Susie H K Brideswell's whodunnit Murder at Haversham Manor to Milton Keynes Theatre this week
We talked to the head of the society and director of the show Chris Bean and Robert Grove who describes himself as a leading member of the society. Things may have not gone entirely to plan.
The Play That Goes Wrong
The Play That Goes Wrong is performed at Milton Keynes Theatre until Saturday April 28. Tickets for the show can be booked by visiting www.atgtickets.co.uk/miltonkeynes or by calling 0844 871 7652
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – As the health insurance system showed a deficit last year, citizens will probably have to pay 21.32 percent or NT$126 (US$4.29) more per year beginning in 2021, the Central News Agency reported Saturday.
Following legal amendments dating back to 2013, the Bureau of National Health Insurance (健保署) under the Ministry of Health and Welfare has to present a report once every five years about the financial condition of the health insurance system. The measure was designed to make sure that the system did not grow out of control over a span of 25 years, CNA reported.
With premiums falling and other measures coming into effect, extra income soon fell from NT$72.8 billion (US$2.48 billion) in 2013 to NT$7 billion (US$238 million) in 2016, according to the government report.
While income fell, the amount of medical services covered by the insurance system rose dramatically, resulting in a deficit of NT$11 billion (US$374 million) for 2017.
If no corrective measures are taken, that deficit could balloon to NT$99.4 billion (US$3.38 billion) in 2021, officials said.
The 21.32 percent increase proposed for 2021 would still have to be followed by a rise of 6.34 percent in 2024, and of 13.06 percent every three years after that, the government support suggested. Another way out could be an annual increase of 3.77 percent.
The article How to build a simple timesheet in Excel 2016 tracks hours worked in a traditional clocking-in- and-out, one-record-per-day structure. That's not always suitable, so in this article, I'll show you a different model that tracks days using a columnar structure rather than the traditional row structure. This model supports projects, as many as you need. You probably won't find a magic bullet with either timesheet model, but you can adjust and customize either model to fit your needs.
I'm using Excel 2016 (desktop) on a Windows 10 64-bit system, but you can use earlier versions. You can use the browser edition to enter your hours. For your convenience, you can download the demonstration .xlsx and .xls files.
1. Determine your needs
As with any timesheet app that you plan to distribute, you need to consider the following issues:
How to validate input to eliminate typos and other invalid data. We'll use data validation in two spots.
How users will access the template. You can distribute it or allow them to access the sheet via a browser or web-based application. This article doesn't extend beyond a local or server file.
How to protect the template from misuse. Because this model uses a Table object to expand, Excel protection isn't helpful.
How to secure confidential information, such as social security numbers, if required. Our example doesn't contain any confidential data.
2. The model
Figure A shows the completed timesheet with all the trimmings. This model supports a seven-day week, beginning with Sunday and ending with Saturday. Unlike the timesheet from the first article, this structure allows you to track hours specific to projects. You can easily adapt this structure to handle more than one week.
Figure A
We'll create this simple timesheet that allows you to track time by projects.
The sheet has an input area for employee, company, and department information, including the time (pay) period. This model doesn't force you to "clock in." Instead, users enter hours by category or project. As such, the user does bear a bit more responsibility for tracking actual work hours throughout the day.
SEE: Tap into the power of data validation in Excel (free PDF) (TechRepublic)
3. Limit the time period
The example uses Sunday to identify the pay period. You could enter a combo control that lists every Sunday of the year, but it would be cumbersome to use. Instead, we'll a validation control that accepts only Sunday dates:
Select B2. Click the Data tab click Data Validation in the Data Tools group, and then select the Data Validation option from the dropdown list. In the resulting dialog, choose Custom from the Allow dropdown. In the Formula control, enter the following formula (Figure B):
=WEEKDAY($B$2,1)=1 If you like, click the Error Alert tab and enter a meaningful error message, as shown in Figure C. This step isn't necessary for the timesheet to work, but your users will appreciate the information. Click OK.
Figure B
Use a formula that accepts only Sunday dates.
Figure C
Enter a meaningful error message.
Figure D shows the result of entering a date that isn't a Sunday. You could continue to limit input values, but we won't do so in this article.
Figure D
The data validation control rejects invalid input dates.
4. Automate the dates
This next step returns the dates in a single pay period by referencing the input date in B2. To start the sequence, enter the following expression in B5:
=IF(B2<>"",B2,"")
Next, enter the following expression in C5 and copy it to D5:H5:
=IF(B5<>"",B5+1,"")
To extend the pay period, simply add more expressions to row 5. For now, the expressions return nothing because B2 is blank. Enter a Sunday date; initially, the expressions return serial values. Apply the Short Date format to B5:H5 to display meaningful dates, as shown in Figure E.
Figure E
Format the expressions in row 5 to display dates.
5. Add a projects list
The next few steps might be confusing as we implement them, but everything will come together in the end, so don't worry. Our structure supports projects, and you can specify as many projects as necessary in a simple list. Later, we'll add a data validation control that references this list.
Move to a new sheet and enter the list shown in Figure F. Next, convert the list to a Table object so it requires no additional work to update:
Click anywhere inside the list. Click the Insert tab and then click the Table option in the Tables group. In the resulting dialog (Figure F), indicate whether your Table has headers—the example Table does. Click OK.
Figure F
Convert the list to a Table object so you can update it easily.
You can't directly reference a Table in a data validation control, so let's assign a defined name to the Table. First, we need to know its name. Click inside the Table and then click the contextual Design tab. You'll find the Table object's name in the Table Name control to the left of the ribbon, as shown in Figure G. (It's often easier to work with a more meaningful name than the one Excel assigns. To rename the Table, click inside the Table Name control, enter a name and press Enter. We won't bother with this example.)
Figure G
Discern the Table object's name.
Now you're ready to assign a defined name to the Table as follows:
Click anywhere inside the Table. Click the Formulas tab. In the Defined Names group, click Define Name. In the resulting dialog, enter ProjectList as the Name. Reference the Table using the format =Tablename[Columnheader]. In this case, that's =Table10[Projects], as shown in Figure H. Click OK.
Figure H
Give the Table a defined name.
It seems like you've gone to a lot of extra work to create a simple list, but it's worth it. Because the list is a Table object, you can add and delete projects and the data validation control that we'll add later will automatically update, without any extra work on your part.
SEE: 10 Excel time-savers you might not know about (TechRepublic)
6. Add category input range
With your projects list in place you're ready to start building the work-hour input ranges. Beginning at A7, and using Figure I as a guide, add a row of header labels and category labels. Be sure to leave a blank row (row 6) between the information input range and the category input range. The white space will help reduce the visual noise.
Figure I
Leave a blank row between the category Table and the dates.
Next, using the instructions in step 5, convert the category input range (A7:H12) to a Table object. It isn't necessary, but formatting and updating will be easier. (Your formats won't match the figure, so don't worry about that.)
With the category Table object selected, click the contextual Design tab and check the Total Row option in the Table Style Options group. Select Sum from the dropdown added to B13. Copy that function to C13:H13. Figure I show the finished category Table input range.
By making the range a Table, you can easily add or delete new categories, but each category requires only one row per pay period. You can add a new or delete an existing category, but you won't duplicate a category.
7. Add project input range
Now you're ready to add the project input range, which includes the project data validation control I mentioned earlier. Enter days of the week, Sunday through Saturday in B15:H15—leaving a blank row between the two input ranges. To add the projects data validation control, select A16 and do the following:
Click the Data tab, click Data Validation in the Data Tools group, and then select the Data Validation option from the dropdown list. In the resulting dialog, choose List from the Allow dropdown. In the Source control, enter =ProjectList (Figure J), the defined name you gave to the project list Table object in step 5. If you like, click the Error Alert tab, and enter a meaningful error message. This step isn't necessary for the sheet to work, but your users will appreciate the information. Click OK.
Figure J
Create a data validation control that lists the projects.
In the last step, you converted the category input range to a Table. Do this again, converting the project input range (A15:H16) to a Table (with headers). Then, enable the Total Row as you did for the category Table.
You may or may not need a project row each week. You could have 0 rows or several, depending on the number of projects you worked on that pay period. The current project list has only two projects, so you'd have up to two rows for the given pay period. If you add a new project next week, you might have up to three rows in this Table. As you add projects using the data validation list, the Table, shown in Figure K, expands. As before, don't worry about Table formats just yet.
Figure K
This Table will adjust to the number of projects you work on during the pay period.
8. Category and project totals
To add a column of category totals, select I8, click AutoSum, highlight B8:H8 and press Enter. Change the default header to Category Totals and increase the column width. Repeat this process to add project totals to the project Table. Be sure to highlight row 16 (AutoSum might try to sum values in column I).
9. Grand daily totals
Presently, you have category and project weekly totals in column I and daily subtotals in row 13 and 17. You don't have a daily grand total. Insert two blank rows between row 5 and 7. Select B7 and enter the expression
=Table4[[#Totals],[Sunday]]+Table3[[#Totals],[Sunday]]
Copy it to C7:H7. Instead of entering those long references, you could click B15 and B19.
Figure L shows the timesheet after disabling the gridlines and applying Table formats consistently to both Table objects. It's a bit odd to have grand totals at the top of the sheet, but this position allows the project Table to grow with impunity.
Figure L
The complete timesheet.
10. Business rules
At this point, your sheet is functional, but there are some things you might want to add. If blank cells are problematic for your accounting system, add zeros to the input ranges in the category and project Table objects. To do so, enter a 0 into an empty cell and copy it to the Clipboard. Then, select B10:H14 (the category input range) and press F5. In the resulting dialog, click Special. Select the Blanks option and click OK. Press Ctrl+v to paste the 0 from the Clipboard into the selected blank cells. Repeat this task for the project Table's input range, B18:H18.
Users can delete the 0s and accidentally leave blanks, so you might want to consider a conditional formatting rule that highlights blank cells:
=ISBLANK(inputrange)
As you add new projects to the project Table, the rule highlights the entire new row because those cells are blank.
Most companies don't allow overtime in the same day that you use comp, sick, or vacation time. You can use the following conditional formatting rule to highlight the values in B12:H14 when the overtime value in row 11 is greater than 0 and the corresponding comp, or sick, or vacation value is greater than 0:
=AND(B$11>0, OR(B$12>0,B$13>0,B$14>0))
It won't fix the problem, but it will alert your user that a problem exists.
Using the sheet
Each pay period, the user will open the template file and rename it to reflect the current pay period. It's not the only way, of course, but it's the easiest way. Employees can submit a printed copy or the electronic file.
Figure M shows hours accrued for the work week beginning March 25, 2018. Harkins worked a total of 44 hours; 31 in fixed categories and 13 on specific projects. As you can see, there's a problem on Thursday because Harkins is claiming 2 hours of overtime and 2 hours of sick time. The only way to resolve this error is to remove either the overtime or the sick time.
Figure M
Using the sheet.
There's one limitation worth noting: If you work 10 hours on a single project in the same day, you can't identify two of those hours as overtime. Enter 10 in the project row and let payroll staff work out the overtime when applying rates.
Normally you'd protect the sheet before distributing the workbook, but you can't easily protect a sheet with an expanding Table object. For better or worse, you'll have to trust users to be somewhat competent with this timesheet. They always have the template to start fresh, if the worst happens.
Get more great Office tips and tricks delivered to your inbox. Sign up for TechRepublic's Microsoft Weekly newsletter. Subscribe
Send me your question about Office
I answer readers' questions when I can, but there's no guarantee. Don't send files unless requested; initial requests for help that arrive with attached files will be deleted unread. You can send screenshots of your data to help clarify your question. When contacting me, be as specific as possible. For example, "Please troubleshoot my workbook and fix what's wrong" probably won't get a response, but "Can you tell me why this formula isn't returning the expected results?" might. Please mention the app and version that you're using. I'm not reimbursed by TechRepublic for my time or expertise when helping readers, nor do I ask for a fee from readers I help. You can contact me at susansalesharkins@gmail.com.
Also see:
PARIS -- Top-ranked Simona Halep overcame some opening-match nerves to advance to the second round of the French Open on Wednesday, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1.
Halep took a bathroom break after Riske jumped out to a 5-0 lead and won the opening set, and looked like a new player when she came back on court. The Romanian unwrapped a new racket and attacked Riske's serve with renewed vigor and aggression, breaking her to love in the second set's first game.
After making 16 unforced errors and winning less than half the points on her serve in the first set, Halep completely reversed the momentum of the match, rediscovering her range and accuracy on the clay of Court Philippe-Chatrier.
Riske, meanwhile, wilted and won only 22 points in losing the second and third sets.
"It's always tough to start the tournament," said Halep, a finalist at Roland Garros last year and in 2014.
The match, the last in the first round of the women's draw, was postponed Tuesday before storms drenched Roland Garros.
Halep's next opponent, 72nd-ranked Taylor Townsend of the United States, played her first-round match on Tuesday.
"I'll be ready," Halep said. "We just have to adapt."
Halep needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto her No. 1 ranking after the French Open.
Use Federal Loans For Students First
Federal Parent PLUS Loans
What To Look For In Private Student Loans
With the fall semester starting soon, it's time to finalize how you'll pay for college. After scholarships and grants, the average cost for one semester is about $7,000 at public colleges and about $13,000 at private colleges. Most families use a mix of savings, income and loans to cover the remaining cost. Borrowing money should be the last resort. If you're just short of being able to cover the total cost upfront, find out if the college offers a way you can pay in installments. But many families find they still need to borrow to fill in the gap. About 42 percent of them borrowed some money to pay for school last year, according to a survey published by lender Sallie Mae . "There's still time to take out a loan, but you want to do it sooner rather than later," said Kalman Chany, the author of Paying for College Without Going Broke, an annually updated book from The Princeton Review. If you've suddenly realized the bill is bigger than expected, there are three borrowing options: federal loans that students borrow, federal loans that parents borrow, and loans from a private lender.The federal Direct Loans for students come with low interest rates, flexible repayment options, and students are automatically eligible regardless of income or credit history. The interest rate is fixed and the same for every student. It's 4.45 percent for the 2017-2018 school year. For some low-income students, there's another benefit. Their Direct Loans won't start accruing interest until six months after graduation . For everyone else, the interest starts accruing immediately. But there's a limit on how many students can borrow. Direct Loans are capped at $5,500 during your first year of college, $6,550 during your second year, and $7,500 during your remaining years. (These loans also have a 1.1 percent origination fee. So you'll receive closer to $5,440 during your first year.) To apply for the loan, first fill out the Free Application for Federal Student Aid ( FAFSA ), if you haven't already. Then log in to StudentLoans.gov to accept the loan.For some, the capped federal loans for students may not be enough to cover the remaining cost of college. Parents may have to step in to borrow the money themselves from the federal program or a private lender. The federal PLUS Loan program for parents should offer enough money to cover the remaining cost of attendance (including things like books and transportation) after using other financial aid. But parents must pass a credit check to receive the federal PLUS Loan. They must not have an " adverse credit history ," which means they cannot be delinquent on other debts. In most cases you can apply for the loan at StudentLoans.gov, but some colleges have a different process, Chany said. The interest rate is fixed and the same for each borrower. This year it's seven percent. Parents are expected to start repaying the PLUS Loans immediately unless they request a deferment while their child is still in school. They come with several repayment options. If a parent fails the credit check, there is some good news. The student will automatically be able to borrow an additional $4,000 in Direct Loans. But some parents with good credit might be able to find a lower interest rate from a private lender.Private student loans come from a variety of lenders, including big banks, credit unions, a handful of states, and lenders that work specifically with students and their parents to pay for college like Sallie Mae, CommonBond, and College Ave Student Loans. The terms and rates can widely vary. Some lend to parents and some lend to students, who will likely need a parent cosigner. "Parents should be shopping around for more than just the interest rate when it comes to private loans," Chany said. And borrowers rarely qualify for the lowest rate advertised by a lender, he said. Ask these questions before borrowing a private loan: 1. What's the interest rate and is it fixed or variable? 2. Are there other fees? (PLUS loans have a 4.3 percent origination fee.) 3. When do you have to start paying the loan back? 4. Are flexible repayment plans offered if you experience financial hardship? 5. Is the loan discharged in the case of death or disability? It might take longer for the money to come in from a private lender than the federal program. If you're running up against the deadline, be sure to call the college's financial aid office two weeks beforehand to make sure everything is in order. The school could block a student from registering for classes or moving into the dorm if the money isn't there yet, Chany said. Written by Katie Lobosco for CNN. The-CNN-Wire ™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
This story originally appeared on Don't Waste Your Money. Checkout Don't Waste Your Money for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
BANGKOK (AP) — A Thai court of appeals has dismissed criminal defamation charges against a British labor rights activist who was sued by a fruit packaging company after he alleged human rights violations at its factory.
Andy Hall's protracted legal battle stemmed from a 2013 report he researched for Finnish consumer organization Finnwatch that alleged labor abuses at Natural Fruit's pineapple canning operation. It employed migrant workers from Myanmar who said the company abused them and broke labor regulations.
Sunya Joongdee, a lawyer for Hall, said Thursday's court ruling dismissed the criminal defamation case, which also resulted in the collapse of a related computer crime case.
He says the court accepted that Hall's interviews with migrant workers revealed information that should be made public.
Lil Uzi Vert, like many other 22-year-olds, came up on Marilyn Manson, and idolizes him to the point that he calls him “Dad.” Recently, he paid homage to the cover via $222,000 chain, which according to the popular jeweler Ben Baller includes “diamond baguettes as teeth.”
Here is my fantasy question. If you had an extra $220k that you had to spend on a diamond-encrusted chain, who do you love enough to immortalize? My answer is obviously Rihanna, in this iteration:
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on probes into possible contacts between Trump campaign associates and Russia (all times local):
8:35 p.m.
The Washington Post is reporting that Special Counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election is now examining whether President Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice.
Accusations of obstruction arose when last month when Trump fired FBI Director James Comey. Comey testified in a Senate hearing last week that he believed he was fired "because of the Russia investigation."
Comey also testified he had told Trump he was not under investigation.
The Post report Wednesday cites anonymous sources who were briefed on requests made by investigators.
Mark Corallo, a spokesman for Trump's personal lawyer, responded Wednesday evening to the Post report by saying, "The FBI leak of information regarding the president is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal."
___
4:15 p.m.
The special counsel appointed to investigate Russian influence in the 2016 presidential campaign has met with a Senate committee probing the same matter.
The leaders of the Senate intelligence committee say In a statement issued Wednesday that they "look forward to future engagements" with Robert Mueller.
North Carolina Republican Richard Burr and Virginia Democrat Mark Warner aren't providing any other details regarding the meeting.
It comes a day after lawmakers questioned Justice Department officials about the probe and Mueller's independence.
Those questions were prompted after a friend of President Donald Trump said the White House was considering firing Mueller.
But Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller last month, testified Tuesday he has seen no evidence of good cause to fire Mueller.
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) — The Latest on a Mississippi law banning most abortions after 15 weeks (all times local):
4:30 p.m.
Mississippi's governor says that by enacting a law that bans most abortions after 15 weeks of gestation, the state is "saving more of the unborn than any state in America, and what better thing can we do?"
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant made the comments while he signed the law Monday in a closed ceremony, according to a video his office posted to social media.
House Speaker Philip Gunn was present for Bryant's signing. He told The Associated Press he is proud Mississippi is taking steps to protect "the most vulnerable of human life:" the unborn. House Bill 1510 became law immediately upon Bryant's signature.
Lt. Gov. Tate Reeves said in an emailed statement that the law is a major step toward accomplishing Mississippi's goal to protect the lives of the unborn. Echoing a phrase Bryant often uses, Reeves added that he is committed to making the state "the safest place in America for an unborn child."
3:50 p.m.
Mississippi's governor has signed the nation's tightest abortion restrictions into law.
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant signed House Bill 1510 on Monday afternoon. It becomes law immediately and bans most abortions after 15 weeks of gestation. Bryant has frequently said he wants Mississippi to be the "safest place in America for an unborn child."
The law's only exceptions are if a fetus has health problems making it "incompatible with life" outside of the womb at full term, or if a pregnant woman's life or a "major bodily function" is threatened by pregnancy. Pregnancies resulting from rape and incest aren't exempted.
Abortion rights advocates are calling the law unconstitutional because it limits abortion before fetuses can live outside the womb. The owner of Mississippi's only abortion clinic opposes the law and has pledged to sue.
Stocks ended modestly higher Monday, nudging the Standard & Poor's 500 index and Dow Jones industrial average to record highs.
Technology stocks accounted for most of the gains. Health care stocks also rose, making up for losses in banks and industrial companies. Traders also had their eye on bitcoin futures on their first day of trading.
On Monday:
The S&P 500 index rose 8.49 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,659.99, a record.
The Dow gained 56.87 points, or 0.2 percent, to 24,386.03, a record.
The Nasdaq composite added 35 points, or 0.5 percent, to 6,875.08.
The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks slipped 1.88 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,519.84.
For the year:
The S&P 500 is up 421.16 points, or 18.8 percent.
The Dow is up 4,623.43 points, or 23.4 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 1,491.96 points, or 27.7 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 162.71 points, or 12 percent.
"Riverdale" star Lili Reinhart is trying to help her followers understand body dysmorphic disorder.
In a series of tweets, the actress wrote that she was upset by critics who have told her that she has no right to feel self-conscious about her appearance.
Reinhart responded by tweeting: "I'm either not curvy enough or not skinny enough to feel insecure."
"Feeling really disheartened by the fact that so many people are saying 'you're skinny so shut up about embrscing [sic] your body.' As if my body dysmorphia is irrelevant because of how I look to some people," she tweeted. "Mental illness gets worse when people say that you don't have a right to feel the way you do. That's where we are dailing [sic]. Do not encourage this behavior. It is destructive. More destructive than you'll ever realize. You may not understand someone's insecurity- but respect it."
Feeling really disheartened by the fact that so many people are saying “you're skinny so shut up about embrscing your body.” As if my body dysmorphia is irrelevant because of how I look to some people. I'm either not curvy enough or not skinny enough to feel insecure. — Lili Reinhart (@lilireinhart) July 4, 2018
Mental illness gets worse when people say that you don't have a right to feel the way you do. That's where we are dailing. Do not encourage this behavior. It is destructive. More destructive than you'll ever realize. You may not understand someone's insecurity- but respect it. — Lili Reinhart (@lilireinhart) July 4, 2018
Reinhart, 21, revealed her body dysmorphia in an April interview with Seventeen magazines, and she explained it was triggered by "really bad acne" that developed when she was in the seventh grade. According to the Mayo Clinic, body dysmorphic disorder is a condition in which a person "can't stop thinking about one or more perceived defects or flaws in your appearance — a flaw that, to others, is either minor or not observable."
However, discussion over Reinhart's appearance didn't stop there. In May, she fought back against body bullies who had analyzed a photo of her and questioned whether she was expecting a baby. Earlier this week, after Harper's Bazaar published a quote from her in which she praised Marilyn Monroe's curves ("To me that's really inspiring and makes me feel like my body can be accepted," she said), Reinhart slammed another Twitter user to questioned her for speaking out on the subject.
"Telling someone they don't deserve to feel insecure because their body is 'fine' or 'just like' whomever.. is wrong. That's part of the problem. That's part of body-shaming," she tweeted. "I hope this example helps show you a significant problem that's going on today with young boys and girls. This is why people with mental health issues- depression, eating disorders, body dismirphia [sic]— sometimes don't get the help they need because they're shamed into being quiet."
Telling someone they don't deserve to feel insecure because their body is “fine” or “just like” whomever.. is wrong. That's part of the problem. That's part of body-shaming. — Lili Reinhart (@lilireinhart) July 3, 2018
ISLAMABAD (AP) — Pakistan's army says militants opened fire on an army vehicle on patrol in the country's mountainous northwestern region near the Afghan border, killing two soldiers.
Tuesday's statement says the military vehicle came under attack in the North Waziristan tribal region. No one immediately claimed responsibility for the attack, but Islamic militants have long been operating in the area.
The military has carried out massive operation against them but militants are able to cross the porous Afghan-Pakistan border and shelter on the other side. They have also been able to carry out cross-border attacks.
The Pakistani army has been constructing a series of fences along the border, which zigzags across a remote and difficult mountain terrain, to check the movement of militants.
Afghanistan objects to the construction of the fences.
The life of a beaver is a constant struggle as humans encroach on their territories. It's an issue explored on stage at this year's London Fringe.
Beaver Dreams (La Fievre du Castor), by Lost & Found Puppet Co., is a wonderful take on the issue, presenting it in a fun, interesting and creative way.
Of course, it's a timely issue in London after recent news stories about concerns by some that beaver traps were set in Komoka Provincial Park to remove the animals whose dams are causing high water levels and damaging property.
If you go What: Beaver Dreams (La Fievre du Castor), presented by Montreal-based Lost & Found Puppet Co. When: Friday, 10 p.m., Saturday, 1 p.m., Monday, 8:30 p.m., June 7, 7 p.m. and June 8, 5 p.m. Where: The Grand Theatre's McManus Stage, 471 Richmond St. Tickets: $15.
The conflict between people and beavers has existed since people left caves and started to build.
The duo of Maggie Winston and Rae-Anna Maitland use puppetry, audio and visual, lighting and sound effects to support their profile of one vacation spot where a constant stream of families over decades have had to cope with the same issue.
Beavers build their dams, destroying trees surrounding waterways, the water levels rise and people then tear apart the dams.
It's a story about the cycle one family accepted so they can enjoy the tranquillity and beauty of the outdoors.
The beavers dream of a wonderful home and some people dream of a beautiful paradise while others dream of development.
This show, which includes a little audience interaction, is a great opportunity to explore the issue.
The show is at times silly, but a fun silly that young children will both enjoy, the two actors never missing a chance to draw some laughs with their beaver and human antics.
But their audio is also compelling, oral histories given by the family members who've enjoyed a lake and cabin for years.
This is one of those Fringe shows that will create a little buzz and will certainly be among the candidates noted for conveying the spirit of the festival.
jbelanger@postmedia.com
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) — A judge in Puerto Rico has found there is not enough evidence to charge a former U.S. Olympic volleyball player from Louisiana in the 2016 death of her young daughter.
Police had accused Kim Willoughby of murder and child abuse in the case. It was not immediately clear if Willoughby had an attorney.
Police had said in 2016 that Willoughby told them her 3-year-old daughter slipped in the shower and died after hitting her head.
On Friday, police presented charges but a judge ruled there was not enough evidence to charge her.
Willoughby had played in the 2008 Beijing Olympics and won a silver medal. She later played with a team in Puerto Rico.
AFTER WEEKS OF CLIMBING PRICES AT THE PUMP, RELIEF FOR DRIVERS COULD SOON BE ON THE WAY. DARRELL MOODY HAS THE DETAILS…
(cut)
SENIOR PETROLEUM ANALYST DAN McTEAGUE WITH GAS BUDDY SAYS THERE MAY BE A BREAK IN THAT CYCLE…THAT IS IF THE OIL MARKET CONTINUES TO CORRECT ITSELF…
(cut)
ACCORDING TO TRIPLE A, THE AVERAGE GAS PRICE IN FARMVILLE IS 2-65 PER GALLON.
HILLSBOROUGH, N.J. (CBSNewYork) – With Halloween just weeks away, candy, costumes and pumpkins are popping up all over the place.
But how do you know if you've picked the perfect pumpkin? CBS2's Cindy Hsu visited Norz Hill Farm in New Jersey to find out.
“This one's not watery and it's not that dirty, so I picked it,” one little girl said.
There are more than 60 varieties to choose from in all sorts of colors and sizes, and they're all edible.
Two-year-old Abigail wanted the perfect one. Hsu also met a 2-month-old baby in the pumpkin patch.
“It's her first experience on the hayride and pumpkins, and she's sleeping through it,” mom Stephanie Dale said.
There are thousands of pumpkins at Norz Hill Farm and all sorts of strategies to picking the best one. Debbie Norz is the pro.
“Just look and feel it and make sure that there's no soft spots. You got a nice good stem, and you're ready to go,” she said.
“Well, the secret is to go all the way to the back of the farm where no one's going. So the best are back there,” teacher Karen Cocoran added.
To help your pumpkin last, keep it in a cool spot.
“If you are going to carve it, I suggest waiting until about three days before Halloween,” Norz said. “If you're going to put it outside on your porch – and to protect the carvings – you want to put petroleum jelly all over where you carved it, so that it helps it so it doesn't start to cave in.”
UEFA draw: Champions League last 16 with analysis
UEFA draw: Champions League last 16 with analysis
FC Porto receives Liverpool
The draw has been made for the Champions and Europa Leagues knock-out phases. We present the next matches to be played on February and the UEFA club coefficient.
According to the UEFA club coefficients, the following clubs should pass to the last 8: Manchester City, Bayern München, Barcelona, Juventus, Sevilla, Shakhtar Donetsk, FC Porto, Real Madrid.
Champions League
Club - Country - UEFA Ranking
Basel (Switzerland) 18 v. Manchester City (England) 8
Bayern München (Germany) 3 v. Besiktas (Turkey) 23
Chelsea (England) 12 v. Barcelona (Spain) 2
Juventus (Italy) 5 v. Tottenham Hotspur (England) 19
Sevilla (Spain) 7 v. Manchester United (England) 11
Shakhtar Donetsk (Ukraine) 15 v. Roma (Italy) 25
FC Porto (Portugal) 9 v. Liverpool (England) 31
Real Madrid (Spain) 1 v. PSG (France) 6
Kim Jong-un was briefed today by a North Korean general on the country's plan to launch missiles toward Guam, according to South Korea's largest news agency.
"Dear Supreme Leader has spent a long time to review the plan to attack Guam by surrounding it and conferred with the leaders present," reads a translated statement by Yonhap, attributed to KCNA, the state news agency of North Korea, of the meeting Kim had with General Kim Rak Gyom.
"Dear Supreme Leader has spent a long time to review the plan to attack Guam by surrounding it and conferred with the leaders present," the statement added.
The war planning came during the leader's visit on Monday to the the headquarters of Strategy Division of the North Korea's People's Army. While there, Kim warned soldiers there to stand ready to strike "at all times," according to the Yonhap report.
The order to his army was reportedly followed by more bluster.
"The United States, which was the first to bring numerous strategic nuclear equipment near us, should first make the right decision and show through actions if they wish to ease tensions on the Korean Peninsula and prevent a dangerous military clash," Kim was quoted as saying.
"Dear Supreme Leader said that the Americans' reckless military confrontational behavior has ended up the U.S. trapping themselves with their own hands and are spending pathetic fate by weary minutes and seconds and that Dear Supreme Leader will watch such stupid American behavior for a bit longer,” KCNA said, according to Yonhap.
The report claimed that it was the Americans who were the provocateurs, for their "reckless military confrontational behavior has ended up the U.S. trapping themselves with their own hands and are spending pathetic fate by weary minutes and seconds and that Dear Supreme Leader will watch such stupid American behavior for a bit longer.”
When the preparation for battle was complete, Kim decided to take a photo with his soldiers.
"Dear Supreme Leader took a commemorative photo with the soldiers, who welcomed the Dear Supreme Leader with utmost excitement, to whom the Dear Supreme Leader responded by waving at them," KCNA reported.
Pyongyang's saber rattling comes a week after the North Korean army declared it would complete an assault to launch four intermediate ballistic missiles near Guam by mid-August. And it's one day after the U.N. passed sanctions to devastate the region; China on Tuesday announced it would phase out supplying North Korea with crucial coal imports.
Kim's rhetoric on Monday came shortly after Secretary of Defense James Mattis harshly warned North Korea of considering any sort of aggression against the U.S.
"If they shoot at the United States, I'm assuming they've hit the United States. ... If they do that, then it's game on," he said.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul 4, 2018--The global lead market is expected to register a CAGR of close to 7% during the period 2018-2022, according to the latest market research report by .
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005211/en/
Technavio has published a new market research report on the global lead market from 2018-2022. (Graphic: Business Wire)
A key factor driving the market's growth is the recyclability of lead. Recycling of waste products is crucial to the environment. accumulated waste release chemicals and harmful gases, which result in global warming. Recycling requires lesser energy than the manufacturing process. Lead has the highest recyclability rate when compared with other materials that are recycled. Most of the lead used in commercial applications is obtained from recycled lead.
This market research report on the provides an analysis of the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook during the forecast period. Technavio predicts an emerging trend as a major factor that has the potential to significantly impact the market and contribute to its growth or decline.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only:
In this report, Technavio highlights the increasing production of lead as one of the key emerging trends in the global lead market:
Global lead market: Increasing production of lead
The production of lead is increasing globally. Manufacturers are concentrating on increasing the production of lead through primary and secondary sources because of the high demand for this element.
“MMG, Glencore, South32, and Vedanta Resources are some of the players with well-established production facilities for lead,” says a senior market research analyst at Technavio.
Global lead market: Segmentation analysis
This market research report segments the global lead market into the following applications (batteries and others) and key regions (the Americas, APAC, and EMEA).
The batteries segment held the largest market share in 2017, accounting for nearly 84% of the market. This application segment is expected to dominate the global market throughout the forecast period.
APAC held the highest share of the global lead market in 2017, accounting for a market share of approximately 59%. The market share occupied by this region is anticipated to increase during 2018-2022.
Looking for more information on this market?
Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.
Some of the key topics covered in the report include:
Market Landscape
Market ecosystem Market characteristics Market segmentation analysis
Market Sizing
Market sizing Market size and forecast
Five Forces Analysis
Market Segmentation
Geographical Segmentation
Regional comparison Key leading countries
Market Drivers
Market Challenges
Market Trends
Vendor Landscape
Vendors covered Vendor classification Market positioning of vendors Competitive scenario
About Technavio
is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions.
With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning across 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005211/en/
CONTACT: Technavio Research
Jesse Maida
Media & Marketing Executive
US: +1 844 364 1100
UK: +44 203 893 3200
www.technavio.com
KEYWORD: UNITED KINGDOM EUROPE
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY OTHER TECHNOLOGY MANUFACTURING CHEMICALS/PLASTICS OTHER MANUFACTURING
SOURCE: Technavio Research
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 07/04/2018 10:41 AM/DISC: 07/04/2018 10:40 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005211/en
A middle-aged man was silently learning how to make coffee in a small coffee shop tucked in an alley of Tainan, a city in southeast Taiwan. As he looks graceful and a little shy, no one would associate him with a Nepali Sherpa, who has led mountain climbers to reach the summit of Mount Everest three times.
Rinji Sherpa, 43, who lives in a far-off mountainous region of Nepal, began to work as a porter bearing a 20-kilogram burden for visitors at altitudes over 14,000 feet (4,300 meters) for a meager reward of less than US$3 a day when he was 11 years old.
Rinji used to be an uneducated illiterate who could hardly spell his own name. Ten years of work as a bearer has enabled him to speak English and French, and during his work study in India, he learned how to speak Hindi. On top of Nepalese and his native Sherpa language, Rinji can speak a total of five languages. As he has been adapted to inclement weather associated with high altitudes, he let nature take its course and became a mountain guide in Nepal.
“It was 2008 when I first led a group of visitors to reach the top of Mount Everest,” Rinji recalled, adding that nine mountaineers and four Sherpas went on the expedition from Lukala and spent 40 days.
People who have seen the movie “Everest” know that help from Sherpas is indispensable for mountaineers who wish to scale the highest mountain in the world and the cost is so enormous that many adventurers have to save for years to make such a trip. Moreover, there is no guarantee that the trip will be successful. However, income for Sherpas who serve as mountain guides and protectors for the adventure seekers is not high. Rinji said his first expedition to reach Mount Everest summit in 2008 only brought him US$1,000.
Even so, a grand is still considered high income for relatively poor Nepalese. Rinji said he has led mountaineers into the Mountain Everest area five times, three of which were successful. To mountain climbers, being able to reach the tallest point on earth is a pride of life, and being there three times is an incredible record.
Rinji learned of Taiwan when he served for Taiwanese mountaineers. He said he had no idea of where Taiwan is located before they introduced him to the country. However, even after that, Rinji said he could barely make out that Taiwan is not far from Hong Kong, but was not sure of the country's exact location.
His service for the Taiwanese visitors started his connection with Taiwan. A major earthquake in Nepal in 2015 badly damaged Rinji's and many other Nepalese homes. After the tremor, Taiwanese mountaineers raised fund to help Rinji rebuild his home, and made possible his sightseeing trip to Taiwan at the end of that year.
Rinji's home was badly damaged in the 2015 Nepal earthquake.
This year Rinji made a second trip to Taiwan, and now he stays at the home of a Taiwanese friend he acquainted during a mountaineering journey. He has spent most of his time at a coffee shop learning how to make coffee, or visiting a scarce number of Sherpas who have settled in Taiwan.
As Taiwan is also a mountainous country, Rinji took a trip to set foot on the summit of the 3,416-meter-high (11,207 ft) Hehuanshan.
Rinji said Taiwan is a good place, and compared with Nepal's, Taiwan's traffic is orderly and that during his stay in Taiwan he had never encountered bad people. He added that he is learning Chinese and hoped that one day he can settle down in the country.
BARCELONA, Spain (AP) — Catalan chamber postpones investiture of new regional chief until Spain allows re-election of fugitive ex-president.
NEW YORK (AP) — The Latest on Hawaii's mistaken missile alert (all times local):
12:20 p.m.
The Federal Communications Commission says a Hawaii employee who mistakenly sent an alert warning of a ballistic missile thought an actual attack was imminent.
The FCC said Tuesday that Hawaii has been testing alert capabilities, and the employee mistook a drill for a real warning about a missile threat. He responded by sending the alert without sign-off from a supervisor.
The name of the worker hasn't been released. He still works at Hawaii Emergency Management Agency but has been reassigned to a job without access to the warning system.
The alert was sent to cellphones, TV and radio stations in Hawaii, leading people to fear the state was under nuclear attack. It took 38 minutes for officials to send an alert retracting the warning.
The emergency management agency provided the FCC with information from a written statement from the officer.
___
11:10 a.m.
The Federal Communications Commission says human error and inadequate safeguards are to blame for a missile alert that was sent mistakenly in Hawaii.
The FCC said Tuesday that the individual who sent the false alert refused to talk to the agency, but provided a written statement. The FCC says Hawaii has been testing alert capabilities, and he mistook a drill for a real warning about a missile threat. He responded by sending the alert. There was no sign-off from a supervisor.
The alert was sent to cellphones, TV and radio stations in Hawaii earlier this month, resulting in panic among Hawaiians.
The FCC says that once the false alert was sent, it took 38 minutes to correct it because Hawaii did not have a standardized system for sending such corrections.
WASHINGTON -
Scientists have witnessed the first modern case of what they call “river piracy” and they blame global warming. Most of the water gushing from a large glacier in northwest Canada last year suddenly switched from one river to another.
That changed the Slims River from a three-metre deep, raging river to something so shallow that it barely was above a scientist's high top sneakers at midstream. The melt from the Yukon's Kaskawulsh glacier now flows mostly into the Alsek River and ends up in the Pacific Ocean instead of the Arctic's Bering Sea.
It seemed to all happen in about one day — last May 26 — based on river gauge data, said Dan Shugar, a University of Washington Tacoma professor who studies how land changes. A 30-metre tall canyon formed at the end of the glacier, rerouting the melting water, Shugar and his colleagues wrote in a study published in Monday's journal Nature Geoscience.
The term “river piracy” is usually used to describe events that take a long time to occur, such as tens of thousands of years, and had not been seen in modern times, especially not this quickly, said study co-author Jim Best of the University of Illinois. It's different from something like the Mississippi River changing course at its delta and it involves more than one river and occurs at the beginning of a waterway, not the end.
The scientists had been to the edge of the Kaskawulsh glacier in 2013. Then the Slims River was “swift, cold and deep” and flowing fast enough that it could be dangerous to wade through, Shugar said. They returned last year to find the river shallow and as still as a lake, while the Alsek, was deeper and flowing faster.
“We were really surprised when we got there and there was basically no water in the river,” Shugar said of the Slims. “We could walk across it and we wouldn't get our shirts wet. It was like a snake-shaped lake rather than a river.”
What had been a river delta at the edge of the Slims River had changed into a place full of “afternoon dust storms with this fine dust getting into your nose and your mouth,” Best said.
The lack of water in the Slims wasn't because of changes in rainfall, Shugar said. They know that because it's a river fed mostly by glacial melt, not rain, and the Alsek increased in amounts similar to what disappeared from the Slims.
The Kaskawulsh glacier covers about 25,000 square kilometres, about the size of Vermont. The front of the glacier has retreated nearly 1.9 million kilometres since 1899, Shugar said.
The scientists calculate that there is only a one in 200 chance that the retreating glacier and river piracy is completely natural without man-made global warming. They used weather and ice observations and a computer simulation that models how likely the glacier retreat would be with current conditions and without heat-trapping greenhouse gases.
Several outside scientists praised the study as significant and sensible.
“This is an interesting study and reconfirms that climate change has large, widespread and sometimes surprising impacts,” Pennsylvania State University glacier expert Richard Alley, who wasn't part of the study, said in an email.
YOU JUST SAW:
PHOTO: The assault at a Southern California nail salon was caught on video, showing women in a "fight for their life," police said.
TOKYO (AP) — Coach Joe Schmidt has made six changes to Ireland's starting lineup to face Japan in Saturday's rugby test, the second of the three-match summer tour.
Andrew Conway, Rory Scannell, Luke McGrath and Dan Leavy will feature in the starting XV for the first time for Ireland, coming in following last weekend's 55-19 victory over the United States.
Keith Earls, voted player of the match against the Americans, shifts to the left wing to accommodate Conway in a back three that also features the return of Simon Zebo at fullback.
Rory Scannell, joining his brother Niall in the starting lineup, will partner Garry Ringrose in a new center combination for the Irish, who are using the tour to prepare for the 2019 World Cup in Japan. Ireland and Japan are set to meet in the group stage at the next World Cup.
Schmidt is missing 11 players who are involved in the British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand, and is using the tests against the United States and Japan to give younger players international experience.
Openside flanker Leavy, who has three caps as a replacement, is the only change in the starting pack, joining captain Rhys Ruddock in the backrow.
Japan head coach Jamie Joseph, meanwhile, made five changes from the lineup that started last week's 33-21 win over Romania. Harumichi Tatekawa, Akihito Yamada, Yu Chinen and 98-test veteran Hitoshi Ono were unavailable because of injuries.
William Tupou wins his first cap and joins Timothy Lafaele in the centers. Yu Tamura will start at flyhalf, while Kotaro Matsushima was named on the wing in place of the injured Akihito Yamada.
Keita Inagaki and Heiichiro Ito — who both started last week's game from the bench — join captain Shota Horie in the front row.
___
Lineups:
Japan: Ryuji Noguchi, Kotaro Matshima, William Tupou, Timothy Lafaele, Kenki Fukuoka, Yu Tamura, Fumiaki Tanaka; Amanaki Lelei Mafi, Yoshitaka Tokunaga, Michael Leitch, Uwe Helu, Kotaro Yatabe, Heiichiro Ito, Shota Horie, Keita Inagaki. Reserves: Yusuke Niwai, Shintaro Ishihara, Takuma Asahara, Hendrik Tui, Shuhei Matsuhashi, Yutaka Nagare, Derek Carpenter, Rikiya Matsuda.
Ireland: Simon Zebo, Andrew Conway, Garry Ringrose, Rory Scannell, Keith Earls, Paddy Jackson, Luke McGrath; Jack Conan, Dan Leavy, Rhys Ruddock (captain), Devin Toner, Quinn Roux, John Ryan, Niall Scannell, Cian Healy. Reserves: James Tracy, Dave Kilcoyne, Finlay Bealham, Kieran Treadwell, Jack O'Donoghue, Kieran Marmion, Rory O'Loughlin, Tiernan O'Halloran.
Students and staff from Sir William Robertson Academy in Welbourn were delighted when they put their heads together to raise over £750 for Brain Tumour Research by holding its first ever ‘Wear A Hat' Day.
The fun fundraising day was held on the final day of term on Friday March 31.
This academy student had that lightbulb moment designing his hat. EMN-170604-161841001
Students and staff were encouraged to come dressed in all types of hats and non-uniform, paying £1 each towards the cause.
People also showed their support for the charity by buying fun hat badges which have been on sale at the academy reception over the last few weeks.
The idea for the fundraising day was the brain child of Leanne Haigh, a receptionist at the school.
March was Brain Tumour Awareness Month and theinational Wear A Hat Day was part of a huge fundraising campaign by the charity.
Baseball caps are still cool at Sir William Robertson Academy's Wear A Hat day. EMN-170604-161853001
Brain tumours are the biggest cancer killer of children in the UK and the charity is hoping to raise £7 million for its continued research.
Allister Spence, a Year 9 student, brightened the day and made everyone smile by creating his own amazing top hat from hundreds of pompoms and incorporating fairy lights and light reactive bulbs.
Staff turned up in a variety of headgear too, ranging from floral swimming hats to a sombrero, and two of the ladies even sported matching knitted headbands and beards.
Wacky headgear at Sir William Roberston Academy's Wear A Hat day. EMN-170604-161811001
Swimming hats looked good in the sun. EMN-170604-161824001
SAN DIEGO (AP) -- Following one of its worst defensive performances since the turn of the century in a loss to UNLV on Jan. 27, San Diego State threw a defensive curveball at the Air Force Academy on Saturday night.
''We played zone for the first time in a long time,'' San Diego State coach Brian Dutcher said.
Jalen McDaniels had 16 points, on 7-of-10 shooting, and 13 rebounds to help San Diego State beat Air Force 81-50 on Saturday night.
Air Force shot just 20 of 61 (32.8 percent) from the field. In SDSU's last game, the Aztecs allowed the UNLV to shoot 58.6 percent - the highest mark against a San Diego State team in 11 seasons.
''I remember when I first started looking at State you would see the man and the full-court press,'' said San Diego State's Jeremy Hemsley. ''Air Force forces you to play zone because you have to guard their offense for the entire 25 seconds. They do so many back cuts and stuff that guys can get tired real easy. I just think this was one of those games where we played zone. But I never imagined we would play it that much.''
Hemsley finished with 14 points, while Max Montana and Devin Watson scored 13 apiece, for the Aztecs.
''We made a concerted effort that we were going to play some zone and we worked on it in practice,'' Dutcher said. ''I like the zone and it was a step forward defensively and that is what we needed to do. Defense and rebounding wins championships; that is written on every locker room in the country. But it has to mean something.''
San Diego State (13-8, 5-5 Mountain West) had lost four of its past five games before defeating the Falcons for the 13th straight time at Viejas Arena
Air Force (8-13, 2-7) dropped its third consecutive game and its seventh in the last nine. Lavelle Scottie, the only Falcons player to score in double figures, had 16 points.
Check off San Francisco and make it 17 straight wins for No. 13 Saint Mary's. The streak is the second longest this season and a school record for the Gaels.
It's San Diego's turn as the Toreros get a shot at ending the streak and not being the 18th consecutive victim when the Gaels travel to Jenny Craig Pavilion for a Saturday matchup.
The Toreros put up a valiant fight against Gonzaga on Thursday and had a chance to upset the No. 14 Bulldogs in Spokane, Wash. But a late 6-0 Gonzaga run doomed San Diego (15-8, 6-5 West Coast Conference) in a 69-59 loss.
"There's no moral victories," Toreros head coach Lamont Smith said on the postgame radio broadcast. "We feel we've come a long way in our program. We're not satisfied coming in here losing by 10, being down two points.
"We lost. We've got to get better at those crucial, critical points."
Smith lauded his defense, holding the Bulldogs, who came in averaging 87.4 points a game (fifth best in the nation), to only 69 points. But he lamented getting beat on the boards.
"I thought we did a great job defensively," Smith told the San Diego Union Tribune. "We just had a hard time boxing out.
"We gave them too many second-chance opportunities and it's hard to do that and win on the road."
Smith has very little time to regroup and get his troops ready for Saint Mary's.
"Regardless of what happened (against Gonzaga), we'll be ready to play," he said.
The Gaels haven't had a hard time winning at home or on the road this season.
Saint Mary's (22-2, 11-0) has not lost since falling to Georgia in overtime on Nov. 26. The Gaels are coming off a 79-43 beatdown of their Bay Area neighbor San Francisco as Jock Landale recorded his 15th double-double of the season, scoring 26 points and grabbing 12 rebounds.
South Morgan northbound lanes near Brookshire's are shut down due to a motorcycle-truck wreck, police said. The male motorcycle driver was seriously injured and airlifted to a Fort Worth hospital, according to police. Traffic is being rerouted through the South Meadows area.
PHOENIX (AP) — Tens of thousands of Arizona teachers are poised to walk off the job this week to demand more funding for public education, an unprecedented action in this conservative state without many union protections.
Educators who are among the lowest-paid in the U.S. have organized weeks of protests seeking raises and a boost in overall school funding, culminating in a vote for a first-ever statewide strike starting Thursday.
It comes despite a plan from Republican Gov. Doug Ducey to increase teacher pay 20 percent by 2020. Teachers are concerned about a lack of stable funding and a failure to address other demands.
A grass-roots effort got backing from the largest teacher membership group, which lacks the power to collectively bargain with school districts in this right-to-work state.
That has led to a disparity in how school districts can handle a walkout.
Rudy Giuliani, a member of President Donald Trump's personal legal team, told reporters Wednesday that special counsel Robert Mueller would be “doing a Comey” – in other words, he suggested, meddling in an election – if he does not file a report on his special counsel investigation by September.
Interested in Russia Investigation? Add Russia Investigation as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Russia Investigation news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
“If he doesn't file his report by September 1, mid-September, he's clearly doing a Comey,” Giuliani said. He later clarified that he didn't necessarily mean Mueller should wrap up the special counsel probe of Russian interference in the 2016 election and possible collusion with the Trump campaign by that time. Rather, Giuliani said he meant Mueller should make public what, if anything, the counsel has learned about President Trump.
Giuliani expanded on what he meant by “doing a Comey” at a reporter's prompting.
“Meddling in the election. Doing Hillary in July, doing Hillary again in late October and then pulling back on the investigation a weekend before the election? Horrible,” he said, speaking during an event promoting sports on the White House South Lawn, as a band played “We Are The Champions” and children shouted and screamed in the background.
In July 2016, then-FBI director James Comey took the unusual step of holding a news conference to announce that he would not recommend charges against then-Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton following an investigation into her email practices, which began sometime in 2015. Comey then reopened the investigation on October 28 after the FBI discovered new emails. Two days before Election Day on Nov. 8, Comey said the newly-discovered emails did not change his conclusion from the previous year, and the investigation was closed again.
The former New York city mayor said that “interview or no interview” [with Trump], the special counsel should release at least a provisional report by then, suggesting there has still been no decision made on whether the president should sit with the special counsel or not.
Earlier Wednesday, Trump had tweeted that he wishes he hadn't nominated Jeff Sessions to serve as his Attorney General because Sessions, a Trump campaign ally, recused himself from the Russia investigation.
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1001807216297627648
He quoted House Oversight Committee Chairman Trey Gowdy in a tweet, "....There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, he could have picked somebody else!” Then Trump added, "And I wish I did!
....There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, he could have picked somebody else!” And I wish I did! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
Giuliani did say that he thought Sessions was still capable of doing his job leading the Justice Department despite Trump's critiques.
“I think if he wasn't, he'd leave,” he told reporters.
Asked whether Trump might fire Mueller, Giuliani said he didn't think so. “Mueller… is creating his own problems,” he said.
Regarding Comey's actions, Giuliani said an impending report by DOJ inspector general Michael Horowitz about Clinton-related leaks from the FBI will “explain a lot of it,” but that he didn't know when that report would be released.
Horowitz began his investigation about a week before the election, looking at the FBI's handling of the Clinton email investigation including Comey's announcement and the possibility that agents leaked information about her family's charitable organization, the Clinton Foundation.
Horowitz told congressional leaders earlier this month that a draft copy of his report has been made available to the DOJ and FBI, and he is expected to brief members of Congress once the report is released.
In a letter sent on Dec. 28 but released by the Vatican only on Monday, Jan. 2, Francis said: "I would like us to renew our complete commitment to ensuring that these atrocities will no longer take place in our midst."
Since his election in 2013, Francis has taken some steps to root out sexual abuse in the Church and to put in place practices to protect children. But victims' groups say he has not done enough, particularly to hold to account bishops who tolerated sexual abuse or covered it up.
"(The Church) recognises the sins of some of her members: the sufferings, the experiences and the pain of minors who were abused sexually by priests. It is a sin that shames us," Francis wrote in the letter.
"I would like us to renew our complete commitment to ensuring that these atrocities will no longer take place in our midst. Let us find the courage needed to take all necessary measures and to protect in every way the lives of our children, so that such crimes may never be repeated. In this area, let us adhere, clearly and faithfully, to 'zero tolerance'," he said.
The comments, included in a letter about the plight of vulnerable children in general, were some of his most comprehensive on abuse.
Anne Barrett-Doyle, founder of the U.S.-based research and monitoring group BishopAccountablity.org, said in an email that the pope's words were little more than rhetoric.
"This pope keeps proclaiming zero tolerance but doesn't enact it. He knows full well that Church law contains no zero tolerance provision. Zero tolerance is mere rhetoric. The sad fact is that the Church still has not changed its system to make zero tolerance a binding reality," she said.
She said that while it existed in the United States, it is "still optional in the global Catholic Church".
Francis, who has met victims of sexual abuse several times, both in the Vatican and on some of his foreign trips, said: "We join in the pain of the victims and weep for this sin - the sin of what happened, the sin of failing to help, the sin of covering up and denial, the sin of the abuse of power."
In 2015, Francis ordered the trial and defrocking of a Polish archbishop accused of paying for sex with minors in the Dominican Republic.
The year before, he set up a Vatican commission, including some victims, to advise local Churches on how to prevent abuse. But some members have complained about the slow pace of change in the Vatican.
Francis also approved the establishment of a Vatican tribunal to judge bishops accused of covering up sexual abuse or failing to prevent it, but the proposal has so far stalled.
Church sexual abuse broke into the open in 2002, when it was discovered that U.S. bishops moved abusers from parish to parish instead of defrocking them. Similar scandals were later discovered around the world and tens of millions of dollars have been paid in compensation.
CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--SeniorWell, a mobile healthcare company delivering on-site podiatry, optometry, dentistry, and audiology services to seniors residing in long-term nursing facilities across the Midwest, today announced the hiring of Sherri Peavy, MBA, BSN, RN as Chief Operating Officer.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006409/en/
Sherri Peavy Hired as SeniorWell's New Chief Operating Officer (Photo: Business Wire)
As SeniorWell's new Chief Operating Officer, Peavy will increase operational efficiencies to better serve SeniorWell's employees and patients. Peavy is a lifelong native of Chicago and has more than 25 years of experience in the healthcare industry. She will bring to SeniorWell an extensive expertise in business development, patient program development, physician relations, professional and technical staffing, clinical operations and strategic planning.
“My goal is to strengthen an already wonderful culture at SeniorWell, by developing strong teams that work efficiently together to deliver the best service to our clients,” said Sherri Peavy, SeniorWell COO. “Hiring top talent, rewarding strong performers, and developing organizational discipline throughout departments are all priorities.”
“We are thrilled to add Sherri Peavy to our growing executive team,” said John Moroney, SeniorWell CEO. “Her breadth of experience working with nationally ranked academic medical centers and interacting regularly with physicians and senior leadership to drive significant operational-focused results and enhancements are few of the many reasons she's a great fit for this role.”
About SeniorWell
SeniorWell is a mobile healthcare company delivering on-site podiatry, optometry, dentistry, and audiology services to seniors residing in long-term nursing facilities. Through its relationships with nursing facilities across the Midwest, SeniorWell sees a significant amount of patients per year. In addition to providing on-site care, SeniorWell also manufactures and fabricates custom hearing aids, dentures, and eyeglasses in its FDA approved lab for patients in need. For more information about SeniorWell and how it improves quality of life for seniors, visit http://www.SeniorWellGroup.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006409/en/
CONTACT: For SeniorWell
Kristen King, 914-393-5472
KristenKing@a-capholdings.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA ILLINOIS
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: SENIORS WOMEN HEALTH DENTAL OPTICAL OTHER HEALTH CONSUMER MEN
SOURCE: SeniorWell
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 02:48 PM/DISC: 04/24/2018 02:48 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006409/en
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (AP) — An Argentine prosecutor is seeking judicial permission to investigate President Mauricio Macri and two other high level officials over last year's settlement of a debt owed to the government by a company owned by the president's father.
Federal prosecutor Juan Pedro Zoni says the settlement did not protect the public interest adequately and the officials should be investigated. A federal judge must now decide whether an investigation is warranted for Macri, Communication Minister Oscar Aguad and the ministry's director of legal affairs, Juan Manuel Mocoroa.
The case involves Correo Argentino, the country's post office that was owned by the president's father in the 1990s until it went bankrupt in 2001. The government agreed last year to settle the debt of almost 300 million pesos by having the company pay back twice that amount but in installments spread out until 2033.
Last week, the general prosecutor of the Appellate Court, Gabriela Boquin, ruled the deal was prejudicial to the state.
MACKINAC ISLAND, Mich. (AP) — Gov. Rick Snyder and legislative leaders on Wednesday committed up to $50 million to upgrade the Soo Locks, a bid to persuade the federal government to fund the long-sought $1 billion proposal to build a second large lock that allows commercial ships to traverse the Great Lakes.
The money is part of an additional $400 million for infrastructure from a surplus that was included in a state budget deal last week. The Republican governor said he would ask other Great Lakes states to also contribute funds because if the U.S. government ultimately helps pay for the project, the Trump administration has indicated it wants 20 percent to come from non-federal sources and that large-scale projects with such funding would be moved to the top of the priority list.
"Michigan is stepping up now to say, 'We're going to put our money where our mouth is,'" Snyder said at the Detroit Regional Chamber's Mackinac Policy Conference. "It's not time to talk about a lock. It's not time to authorize a lock. It's time to build a lock."
He renewed warnings that a prolonged shutdown of an existing lock, which helps moves iron ore mined in Michigan and Minnesota, would cripple the U.S. economy — especially North American production of automobiles, office furniture, paints, bottles, cans and other goods.
In 1986, Congress authorized construction of a new lock on the site of two smaller locks. But funding, which could total $900 million to $1 billion, has never come through.
In a visit to Michigan in April, President Donald Trump mentioned wanting to "fix" the Soo Locks, which has buoyed those advocating for the project. He said they are "going to hell," and he vowed to call the U.S. Army Corp of Engineers — which operates the locks — though U.S. Sen. Debbie Stabenow of Michigan said Wednesday that call has not yet been made. The Army Corps is conducting a new cost-benefit study, which is due to be released by the end of June, after members of the state's congressional delegation faulted a past one for erroneously assuming that iron ore could be transported instead by rail in the event of a lock shutdown.
"I am hopeful that the fact that the president said that ... means they'll be supportive of moving this along as much as we can," Stabenow said.
In advocating for other states to also commit funding, Snyder pointed to an interstate partnership that was announced earlier this year to help cover the costs of operating a system proposed for a Chicago-area waterway that would help keep invasive Asian carp out of the Great Lakes. Michigan, Ohio, Wisconsin and the Canadian province of Ontario joined the partnership.
Lt. Gov. Brian Calley, the state's point person on the locks, said the state funding is a "big, game-changing difference." GOP legislative leaders said they had also agreed with Snyder to commit funding toward Asian carp prevention and to protect twin oil pipelines in a sensitive Great Lakes waterway. Details were unavailable.
___
Follow David Eggert on Twitter at https://twitter.com/DavidEggert00 . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/David%20Eggert
CRAWFORDSVILLE, Ind. (AP) — A judge has sentenced a central Indiana woman to 120 years in prison for fatally stabbing her young children hours after her husband filed for divorce.
Thirty-one-year-old Brandi Worley learned her sentence Monday after she pleaded guilty in January to two counts of murder for killing her son, 7-year-old Tyler Worley, and her daughter, 3-year-old Charlee Worley, in November 2016. Her husband was asleep downstairs at the time at the family's Darlington home, about 40 miles northwest of Indianapolis.
Worley gave no statement at the sentencing, and her attorney said there was no explanation for what she did.
Court documents have said Worley told police she killed the children because she didn't want her husband to take them. She also was treated for self-inflicted stab wounds to her neck.
Best of One Foot Tsunami Read a random selection from OFT's very best posts: My Most Expensive Tweet Ever Check out the full Best Of archive.
Tune in to Just The Tip Hear Paul and his good friend Amy Jane Gruber on their mildly-popular Just The Tip comedy podcast.
18:43 Reported News Briefs Nissan 3, 5778 , 19/03/18 Nissan 3, 5778 , 19/03/18 Call to UN Secretary-General: Suspend Human Rights Commissioner Read more Citizens from more than 30 countries around the world have appealed to the United Nations Secretary-General to suspend UN Human Rights Commissioner Zaid Ra'ad Al-Hussein after Al-Hussein called Judea and Samaria communities a "war crime", following the latest report he issued regarding the pace of construction for Jews in Judea and Samaria. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Lucan may yet see Logan Couture playing at Lucan Community Memorial Centre with his San Jose Sharks.
That cream might have been inconceivable not that long ago, but no longer. On Sunday, Lucan was named one of four Canadian communities in the running to be crowned Kraft Hockeyville for 2018.
Lucan joins High River, Alta., Lafleche, Sask. and Huntingdon, Que., as this year's finalists.
The winner will be determined by an online vote and will be announced by National Hockey League commissioner Gary Bettman during the first intermission of the second game on Hockey Night in Canada March 31. The winning community will host an NHL pre-season game and will receive $250,000 in arena upgrades.
The three runners-up will receive $25,000 in arena upgrades.
People can vote for their community at krafthockeyville.ca. Polls open March 30 at noon and run until 8:30 p.m. on March 31.
Couture, now an NHL player, played some of his minor hockey with the Lucan Irish. His father, Chet, at one time a National Lacrosse League referee, was involved in the community effort to get Lucan this far in the competition.
Kraft Hockeyville is an annual competition supported by the NHL, NHL Players' Association and Kraft Foods.
The Lucan Community Memorial Centre is set to get major upgrades to the community centre and arena in two phases during the next two years, costing an estimated $13 million. The first phase is to be completed by the end of this year and the second to be completed at the end of 2019.
The Lucan Community Memorial Centre is no stranger to big-time events. It has hosted an NHL game before and was one of the rinks where the 2008 World U-17 Hockey Challenge took place.
BEIJING (AP) — China's civil aviation authority says it has fined Dubai-based airline Emirates and barred it from adding new routes in China over the next six months after two of its flights were cited for unsafe operations.
The Civil Aviation Administration of China said in a statement Wednesday that the flights occurred on April 17 and May 18 over the city of Urumqi in China's western Xinjiang region.
It said in the first instance an Emirates plane flew at the wrong height, and in the second a plane temporarily lost contact with air traffic control.
It has imposed a fine of 29,000 RMB ($4,300) on the Middle East's largest airline.
Emirates didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
LAKE FOREST, Ill. (AP) — Chicago Bears tight end Zach Miller expressed uncertainty over his future upon returning Monday to Halas Hall after a series of serious knee surgeries.
What Miller did know was he's been through a nightmare that nearly resulted in the amputation of his left leg. It was a nightmare with a happy ending.
"That was very real, a couple wrong turns away from actually happening," Miller said about losing his leg. "I had a ton of care, a lot of people helping me out throughout that entire process. But we were a couple minutes away from having that be real."
With tears in his eyes at times, Miller spoke to reporters about the ordeal resulting from a season-ending dislocated knee suffered Oct. 29 at New Orleans.
Miller had surgery for a popliteal artery behind the knee in order to restore blood flow.
At the time of the injury, Miller wasn't told of the chance he'd lose his leg, but he knew from the way it was filling up with blood that it was serious.
"I remember, before I got into the emergency surgery, the last thing I was telling the doctors was 'Please, save my leg!'" Miller said. "Because I knew that something wasn't quite right just in the way my leg was feeling and the way it was filling up. I knew we had issues."
Miller injured the leg making a touchdown catch, but later replay negated the TD and it was ruled he failed to maintain possession throughout the process.
"Forever be a touchdown for me," Miller said.
Miller called the outpouring of support he's received a life-changing event, and especially cited help received from Bears board chairman George McCaskey.
"That guy's been awesome, and that'll be a memory I'll keep forever," Miller said.
Since suffering the injury, Miller has sought out others who've had similar injuries, including former Raiders running back Napoleon Kaufman and current Raider Pharaoh Brown.
He also has been in contact with California high school football player Alex Ruiz, who still faces possible amputation of part of a leg following a similar injury.
"I've had a number of people reach out to me who have had an injury similar to this or worse doing everyday things, whether it be recreational activity, hanging out, swimming," Miller said. "This type of thing is actually more prevalent than you may think, but I've had people reach out to me."
Miller is taking a day-by-day approach to recovery.
"I've been a football player my whole life," Miller said. "I would love to play football. We'll cross that road when it's time."
Most of Miller's surgeries were related to the blood flow, which he said is now good. The knee's structure remains solid.
"The main ligaments that I've got are good," he said.
Miller, 33, is a free agent after this season. He suffered a season-ending foot fracture in 2016, and with past teams had a torn Achilles in 2012 and a season-ending shoulder injury in 2011.
Bears coach John Fox said Miller will continue to have a supporting role in the background the rest of the season.
"When you get knocked down, you see people's real character and how they respond," Fox said. "He's handled it like a champ. And I think most everybody that knew him or knows him, he acted like you'd expect Zach to act. It's very impressive."
Miller's return to the facility came a day after the Bears (4-9) broke a five-game losing streak with a 33-7 win at Cincinnati. He said he enjoyed being around teammates.
"It just felt good to be back," Miller said. "There are a lot of people I still haven't seen that I need to see. But there have been a lot of hugs to go around."
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Arizona State continued a disconcerting pattern with a loss at Washington on Thursday.
But the No. 25 Sun Devils can only hope that trend continues in a game against Washington State on Sunday in Pullman, Wash.
Arizona State (16-6, 4-6 Pac-12) scored a season-low 64 points in falling 68-64 to resurgent Washington in Seattle, marking the fifth consecutive week it has lost the first game of a two-game weekend series in a conference that pairs travel partners geographically.
The Sun Devils have recovered to win the second game the previous four times -- road games at Utah and California and at home against Oregon State and Colorado.
While slumping Washington State (9-12, 1-8) would not appear capable of providing much of a roadblock, the Sun Devils have found themselves sliding in the wrong direction since opening the season 12-0 as the last undefeated team in NCAA Division I.
After shooting 50.8 percent from the field in nonconference play, Arizona State has made 42.3 percent in the Pac-12. The Sun Devils shot 44.4 percent against the Huskies but made only 5 of 19 3-point attempts were 11 of 17 from the foul line.
Arizona State overcame deficits of 15 points and 13 (twice) in nonconference victories, but the Sun Devils have found more difficulty against opponents who are more familiar with them.
After trailing Washington by 12 points after a 27-point first half Thursday, Arizona State took a two-point lead on Shannon Evans II's 3-pointer with 5 1/2 minutes remaining but could not hold on. They only led twice in the game.
"You can't play this come-from-behind style, especially on the road," Arizona State coach Bobby Hurley told reporters. "You put so much energy into getting this lead ... games are won and lost at all different parts of the game."
The Israeli government has acknowledged it cannot expel African migrants against their will and has canceled all pending deportation orders.
In a statement to the Supreme Court on Tuesday, the state says: "It is not possible to implement expulsions to a third country without (migrants') consent."
Some 35,000 African migrants, mostly from Sudan and Eritrea, are in Israel. The government wants most of them to leave, but has not been able to find a way to expel them lawfully.
Last month, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reached a deal with the U.N. to resettle half of the migrants in Western nations and absorb the rest. But hours later, he called it off, caving in to nationalist critics who said it wasn't enough.
AP Photo/RON EDMONDS
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — The killing of the North Korean leader's outcast half brother could be the latest addition to a long list of high-profile assassinations or attempts in which the country is suspected of targeting estranged relatives of the Kim clan, turncoats and South Korean public figures. Kim Jong Nam told medical workers he had been attacked with chemical spray at the Kuala Lumpur airport before he died, Malaysian officials have said. Leader Kim Jong-un has executed or purged a slew of high-level government officials since taking power in late 2011, and experts believe he might have been trying to eliminate a potential challenger to his leadership. Others think he was enraged over recent news reports that his brother tried to defect to the South in 2012. North Korea has denied carrying out some of the killings and not commented on others. Some of the most notable assassinations or attempts it is suspected of carrying out: TRAITOR COUSIN Lee Han-young, a nephew of one of the former wives of North Korea's second leader, Kim Jong Il, was found dead of gunshot wounds in front of a Seoul apartment in 1997. Lee had defected to South Korea through Switzerland in 1982, but Seoul kept his arrival secret until 1996, when his mother also fled the North. Lee had harshly criticized the country and his dictator uncle. The investigation into his death concluded that Lee was killed by North Korean agents sent to deliver Pyongyang's payback and the assailants returned to North Korea before they could be captured. — BLAST IN YANGON North Korean agents set off a bomb meant for South Korea's leader while he was visiting Burma in 1983. President Chun Doo-hwan narrowly escaped the attack, but more than 20 people were killed, including four of his Cabinet ministers, his ambassador to Yangon and several top aides. One North Korean agent was shot to death by police, a second was executed and a third reportedly died in prison in 2008. Burma, now known as Myanmar, cut diplomatic ties with North Korea following the blast, but they restored relations in 2007. — SOUTH KOREAN PRESIDENT A team of 31 North Korean commandos slipped undetected into South Korea in 1968 and came within striking distance of the Seoul presidential palace. South Korean security forces managed to repel the assault at the last minute. The only commando that was captured said he had come to “slit the throat of (then-President) Park Chung-hee.” A furious Park established a secret commando team tasked with demolishing the Pyongyang palace of North Korea's founder. Tensions later eased, but the South Korean commando team, incensed that the planned infiltration was aborted, mutinied in 1971, killing the team's trainers and marching on Seoul before being stopped. — HIGH-PROFILE DEFECTOR In 2010, two agents posing as defectors were arrested in a plot to assassinate Hwang Jang-yop, a former Workers' Party secretary who remains the highest-level North Korean to seek asylum in the South. South Korean officials said both agents were majors in North Korea's main army intelligence agency and were under orders to slit Hwang's throat. Hwang, who once tutored Kim Jong Il, bitterly criticized the North Korean government after his 1997 defection. North Korea called him a traitor and “human scum.” He died six months after the arrests at the age of 87.
Comments
comments
Transcript for In-line skating nuns coast around Texas city
Both stopping it is shocking look. A lot of self a lot of you know wanting sick when I entered I left my lord laid down home thinking and I'm not confused them. No we didn't need Andrew but like roller derby. Women and so big they have been wrong address the same we rock at a disadvantage though in many southern effective inequality invited us through there. Roller derby match. I think a private pretty cool. Lake.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – Americans are paying more for fuel these days, and so are the airlines.
Delta Air Lines says that's one reason its 2nd quarter profits will be lower than originally projected.
Delta says it paid about 6 percent more for fuel than in the previous quarter as the price of oil climbed.
U.S. crude prices hit $75 a barrel on Tuesday for the first time since 2014.
GREENEVILLE, TN(WJHL)
Andrew Johnson National Cemetery hosted its annual Flag Burning Ceremony today on the 240th anniversary of Flag Day.
The ceremony began with a little history lesson from Park Ranger Burke Greear and then the burning ceremony began.
The first step of the process is to dismantle the flag stripe by stripe and then each color is burned in order beginning with the red then white and lastly the blue.
The first flag that was retired was the Garrison flag, the largest of the flags, that flies over the cemetery. The ashes of the flags that are retired will be spread on the campus of Andrew Johnson National Cemetery.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
LONDON (AP) — HSBC says the U.S. Department of Justice will ask a court to dismiss deferred criminal charges against the London-based bank in recognition of its efforts to strengthen safeguards against money laundering.
The bank says it has lived up to all of its commitments under a five-year deferred prosecution agreement that has now expired and U.S. authorities will file a motion to dismiss the charges deferred by that deal.
The move marks a significant step for the global bank, which signed the agreement to avoid charges for allegedly laundering millions of dollars from Mexican drug barons and countries facing U.S. sanctions.
HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver says the bank is better able to fight financial crime "as the result of the significant reforms we have implemented over the last five years."
A look at some of the key business events and economic indicators upcoming this week:
Rate hike?
Investors believe the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates at a two-day meeting that wraps up Wednesday. At its last meeting in November the panel decided to keep the Fed's benchmark interest rate unchanged in a low range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent. With the economy on solid footing, the Fed is expected to raise rates for the third time this year.
Eye on jobs
On Thursday the Labor Department releases data on the number of initial jobless claims last week. Initial claims, a proxy for layoffs, fell to 236,000 two weeks ago. Economists forecast the number rose slightly last week. In October initial jobless claims fell to a four-decade low of 223,000.
Dec. 9 est. 238,000
Dec. 1 236,000
Nov. 24 238,000
Nov. 17 240,000
Nov. 10 252,000
Nov. 3 239,000
Costco earnings
Issaquah, Washington-based Costco Wholesale reports its first-quarter earnings on Thursday. Costco's shares slumped nearly 7.5 percent in October after it said its gross margins shrank in the fourth quarter. The stock has rallied about 20 percent since then, reaching an all-time high. Analysts surveyed by FactSet expect Costco to report earnings per share rose to $1.33, up from $1.17 a year earlier.
Simultaneous anti-drug operations in a northern province have left 21 alleged drug offenders dead, police said Tuesday. They called it the highest death toll in a single day since President Rodrigo Duterte launched his 'war on drugs' in July last year.
Senior Superintendent Romeo M. Caramat Jr. said operations in various parts of Bulacan province in the past 24 hours left 21 dead and 64 others arrested. Police said the suspects had offered armed resistance against arresting officers.
Caramat said police seized 21 firearms and more than 100 grams of methamphetamine, more popularly known in the Philippines as shabu, worth 500,000 pesos ($9,800). Cash and assorted drug paraphernalia were also recovered.
Police records show since the crackdown started, 3,264 alleged drug offenders have been killed in gunbattles with law enforcers. More than 2,000 others died in drug-related homicides, including attacks by motorcycle-riding masked gunmen and other assaults.
Human rights groups report a higher toll and demand an independent investigation into Duterte's possible role in the violence.
There was a time when Chenai Mathabire read Vogue, watched beauty pageants on TV and fantasized about being a supermodel. Today she helps the sick and injured as a nurse and epidemiologist.
Last month, the 35-year-old Zimbabwean received an International AIDS Society prize for showing that a faster tuberculosis test could be implemented at health centers in southeast Africa. Her work will help save the lives of HIV-positive patients who contract TB.
"Nursing is often looked down upon and people just think you are there to be the maid of the doctor or do the dirty work. But teachers made me realize that nurses have a big role to play," says Mathabire.
In Zimbabwe's bustling capital, Harare, Mathabire earned high enough points in her studies to pursue a degree in physiotherapy, occupational therapy or nursing at university. She chose to become a nurse — the first nurse in her family. In 2008, she was between jobs and Zimbabwe was facing economic problems. Mathabire decided to apply for a job at Doctors Without Borders.
The work took her into some of Africa's grimmest situations. She helped diagnose malnourished children with HIV, tuberculosis, pneumonia and malaria in Zimbabwe. Then she supervised workers who were teaching HIV-positive pregnant women how to protect their children from the virus. After that, she worked in a mobile hospital in South Sudan, treating gunshot wounds during a tribal war.
In 2015, she was recruited for her first research assignment at Doctors Without Borders, work that would eventually earn her an International AIDS Society prize. She knew that TB was the No. 1 killer of HIV-positive patients from her previous work, but she didn't know about the rapid tuberculosis test until she read the study's protocol. She was eager to get started on the project.
For two years, Mathabire and a team explored how easily health clinics and hospitals in the Chiradzulu District of Malawi and the Chamanculo District of Mozambique could implement the tuberculosis test for HIV patients, who are more susceptible to the infection.
In Malawi and Mozambique, HIV is the leading cause of death. It is often spread through unprotected sex, and it has wiped out 27 percent of Malawi's and 24 percent of Mozambique's populations according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Finding out whether an HIV-positive person has tuberculosis is a matter of life and death. Mathabire remembers a Malawi man in his early 30s who left a clinic untreated. The rapid test, which analyzes a molecule in the patient's urine with a paper strip, had shown that he had TB. A coughing test didn't. But doctors weren't referring patients for the rapid test in their assessment of the man. It hadn't yet been approved by the Ministry of Health which was awaiting the World Health Organization's policy guidance. The man died before he could go back to get help.
His story wasn't unique, Mathabire says. "It's very sad but then you realize why you are doing the study — to prevent this from happening," she says. "You start to realize the urgency of what you are doing."
Under normal circumstances, patients are given cough tests or chest X-rays to test for TB. Mathabire's team found that it takes an average of two to four days for results, but the wait could drag on for months.
Though the government of Malawi pays for certain medical care, including tuberculosis treatment, patients might not have the money to pay for a bus ride to the hospital or clinic for follow-up visits. And more remote clinics don't always have the resources to transport samples to hospitals.
With the rapid TB test, sick patients could begin treatment the same day. Mathabire's data showed that the test provided results in less than an hour. Staff in Malawi and Mozambique could be trained to administer the test in just a few hours. And doctors, nurses and clinical officers said it was easy to interpret the bands on the test strips.
Mathabire also found that patients weren't skeptical of a new method. They really wanted to take the high-tech test. Mainly peasant farmers, they took the words of the health workers seriously. "Everybody basically knew somebody that had died of HIV [and opportunistic infections] in a terrible way," she says. It was like that in Zimbabwe too.
The team's findings, published by Doctors Without Borders this year, has led some of the health centers where the aid group works to embrace rapid TB testing. It could pave the way for more facilities to incorporate the test it into their health systems, meaning faster care for the sickest of HIV patients.
In a statement, International AIDS Society president Linda-Gail Bekker said that Mathabire's research will "support the next generation of investigators whose work can help to change the course of this epidemic."
Mathabire still works for Doctors Without Borders and is considering conducting more research on HIV and tuberculosis. But her award-winning research isn't the only major event of her summer.
She moved to Falun, central Sweden, to marry an infectious disease specialist whom she worked with in Zimbabwe. True to her early love of fashion, she's sewing her own wedding dress, with glass beads, silk and lace.
Sasha Ingber is a multimedia journalist who has covered science, culture and foreign affairs for such publications as National Geographic, The Washington Post Magazine and Smithsonian. You can contact her @SashaIngber.
By Nathan Prewett
For the Tribune
ARGO – At a meeting of the Argo City Council on Monday officials discussed the possibility of a library project and the reclassification of Mike Platts, who is chief of the Argo Fire Department, among other issues.
Councilor Ann Brown presented a proposal to acquire assets from a library closing in St. Clair and for the building of a new library in Argo. Assets would include books, computers, a fax machine and a copy machine. In her proposal, the budget for the library in the first year would be $28,920. She asked that the council consider approving funding if the city can afford it.
Brown said that she was open to the possibility of raising money for a library through fundraisers. She also said that Civitan International requested a room for them to hold meetings until the end of September in an effort to create a club in the greater St. Clair County area.
Argo Police Chief James Downing reported that 784 calls to the department have been made this year. There were 127 citations and 63 warrants, 37 public assists and 193 business escorts. There were copies of a paper that described how court costs are distributed from citations.
At the end of the paper, Downing notes that the funds collected for the city from citations are limited. He notes that the city's budget restrictions and shrinking federal grants are threatening the department and are preventing them from purchasing equipment needed by the police. Support and donations were requested to assist the department.
Discussion on Argo Fire Chief Mike Platts, who was reclassified as a part time employee at the last meeting, returned as several residents spoke up about him. During that meeting, the council voted to allow Platts to work part time for six months until the budget could be worked out. The trial period will then determine if Platts' part time work is viable.
Platts was not at the meeting as he was attending a conference.
A resident who declined to reveal her name addressed a job posting for the position of fire chief that was made online. Councilor Corky Massey said that he was not aware of the online posting, but had suggested that the city look for potential candidates in case Platts' position as a part-time employee does not work out.
Residents who spoke on Platts all agreed that funding for the library would be better spent on employees in the fire department, although all were in favor of eventually having a library in the city. This was echoed by Argo resident Michelle Coalson who made a statement before the council, urging all to work together.
Mayor Betty Bradley denied rumors that Platts' job was at risk.
In other business, the council voted to accept an offer by funeral service Dignity Memorial to assist with the burial of any first responder that is killed in the line of duty. This would be at no charge to the city or for the family of the first responder.
The council paid its dues to the Alabama League of Municipalities in the amount of $1,953.15.
In her comments, Bradley said that a regular meeting on Sept. 4 will not be held due to the Labor Day holiday. She also said that the Mayor's Breakfast will be held on Aug. 22 at 7:30 a.m.
The next Argo Council meeting will be held on Aug. 28 at 6 p.m.
RAMALLAH, West Bank (AP) — The Palestinian president has called the U.S. ambassador to Israel a "son of a dog," in an angry rant against the Trump administration.
In a speech Monday, President Mahmoud Abbas pre-emptively rejected an expected White House peace proposal.
He criticized the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, the American plan to move its embassy to the city and the cutting off of hundreds of millions of dollars in aid to the U.N. agency for Palestinian refugees.
He also condemned Ambassador David Friedman's close ties with the West Bank settler movement, describing him as a "son of a dog."
"Some say wait for their plan," Abbas said. "What shall we wait for? No, we will not wait, and we will not allow that."
Officials say a woman caught trying to smoke on a Southwest flight has been arrested after shouting she was going to kill everyone on the plane.
Sacramento County sheriff's spokesman Shaun Hampton said Monday that 24-year-old Valerie Curbelo was arrested on the tarmac when the plane landed Saturday.
Hampton says when the crew stopped Curbelo from having a cigarette in the plane's bathroom, she threatened to kill all the passengers and crew and became combative.
Southwest said in a statement that the flight from Portland, Oregon, received priority treatment from air traffic control and landed safely in Sacramento.
In a jailhouse interview with KOVR-TV, Curbelo, of Sandy, Oregon, said anxiety drove her to smoke.
She said she didn't know why she made the death threats, adding that it wasn't typical behavior for her.
A seven-year-old Amish boy was killed when he was struck by lightning while playing with other children under a tree in rural Tennessee, authorities said.
The boy, whose name has not been released, was killed Monday afternoon during a lightning storm near McKenzie, Tennessee, about 100 miles west of Nashville, according to the Weakly County Sheriff's Department.
STOCK/Getty Images
"The way I understood it, he was playing under a tree and the lightning struck the tree and the electricity hit him," Chief Deputy Mark Black of the sheriff's department told ABC News today.
Black said other children were playing with the boy, whom he described as Amish, but were not injured.
Black said the child was pronounced dead at the scene.
The incident occurred during a thunderstorm Monday in which multiple lightning strikes were reported. The storm also brought torrential rains throughout the central Tennessee area and caused widespread power outages, authorities said.
BISMARCK, N.D. (AP) — A judge has scheduled a spring sentencing for a Denver woman who pleaded guilty in a shooting during protests in North Dakota against the Dakota Access oil pipeline, but he's still weighing whether to let her out of jail in the meantime.
Attorneys for Red Fawn Fallis argue in recent court documents that aside from one slip-up, she's been an "exemplary" resident at a Fargo halfway house for three months and should be allowed to return there until her punishment is handed down.
Fallis, 38, was accused of firing a handgun at officers three times during her October 2016 arrest. No one was hurt. She pleaded guilty Jan. 22 to civil disorder and gun possession by a convicted felon. Prosecutors agreed to drop at sentencing a more serious count of discharge of a firearm during a felony crime of violence.
U.S. District Judge Daniel Hovland has scheduled sentencing for May 31 in Bismarck.
Fallis was moved from jail to the halfway house in October, but she was arrested this month for violating conditions of her release when she signed out of the facility to attend adult learning classes but never showed up. She apologized during her plea hearing.
Prosecutors aren't objecting to returning Fallis to the halfway house provided she's placed on electronic monitoring, which her attorneys say would be an acceptable requirement.
Her attorneys also note that Fallis has been granted furloughs three times in the past year for various reasons; that she voluntarily returned to the halfway house the day she disappeared; and that she has taken steps to better herself. including working toward a high school equivalency diploma and working at a food bank.
Prosecutors have agreed to recommend a prison sentence of no more than seven years, though Hovland could go as high as 15 years.
Fallis' arrest was among 761 that authorities made in southern North Dakota during the height of protests in 2016 and 2017. At times thousands of pipeline opponents gathered in the region to protest the $3.8 billion project to move North Dakota oil to Illinois.
The pipeline has been operating since June. Opponents fear environmental harm, and four Native American tribes in the Dakotas are still fighting it in court. Texas-based developer Energy Transfer Partners says it's safe.
___
Follow Blake Nicholson on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/NicholsonBlake
Citing legal concerns, Granbury school officials Monday night opted for voluntary instead of mandatory Breathalyzer tests for students entering the high school prom at Arlington Convention Center May 29. A group of students, concerned about underage drinking and alcohol-related car crashes, requested that each attendee receive a breath test as they arrive at the prom. School attorneys pointed out that prom tickets were bought with no mention of mandatory alcohol tests, Superintendent Jim Largent said.
BERLIN (AP) — Borussia Dortmund is dominating the end of the transfer window in Germany with Spanish defender Marc Bartra leaving, promising winger Sergio Gomez joining and striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang expected to go.
Aubameyang was expected to complete his move to Arsenal on Wednesday for a reported 64.5 million euros ($80 million) once Dortmund had finalized a replacement.
Kicker magazine reported that that was likely to be Belgium forward Michy Batshuayi from Chelsea on a loan deal to the end of the season, with talks ongoing regarding a possible option to buy. Arsenal forward Olivier Giroud, who Dortmund had in mind initially, was expected to move to Chelsea to complete the three-way deal.
Dortmund said it had made a "big concession" on the transfer fee to allow Bartra to go to Real Betis after a tumultuous Bundesliga spell.
Bartra was injured after being hit with shrapnel in the bomb attack on Dortmund's team bus before a Champions League game last April. The 27-year-old Spaniard said he had feared for his life.
Bartra played 49 competitive games for Dortmund after joining from Barcelona in 2016, but the club's signing of Swiss defender Manuel Akanji from FC Basel increased the competition for a starting place.
Fellow defender Neven Subotic left the club for French team Saint-Etienne last week, while Danish attacking midfielder Jacob Bruun Larsen joined Stuttgart on loan for the rest of the season.
Dortmund said Tuesday that the 17-year-old Gomez, an attacking midfielder, was joining from Barcelona. He will play for Dortmund's under-19 team until the end of the season, then join the senior team in July. Gomez was voted the second best player at the Under-17 World Cup in India in October.
"Gomez is undoubtedly one of the best players in the world for his age group," Dortmund sporting director Michael Zorc said.
Wolfsburg boosted its goal-threat by signing Swiss attacking midfielder Admir Mehmedi from Bayer Leverkusen.
"Mehmedi fits perfectly with our needs," said Wolfsburg sporting director Olaf Rebbe, whose team has only four Bundesliga wins in 20 games.
Schalke reinforced its defense with the return of Abdul Rahman Baba on loan for 1½ seasons from Chelsea. The club had already secured the signing of Croatian forward Marko Pjaca from Juventus.
Bayern Munich also moved early in the transfer window, signing Sandro Wagner from Hoffenheim as a back-up to forward Robert Lewandowski. Wagner scored his first Bayern goal last weekend in a rout of his former club.
Japan midfielder Genki Haraguchi joined second-division club Fortuna Duesseldorf on loan from Hertha Berlin, while Mainz boosted its ranks by signing Dutch midfielder Nigel de Jong from Galatasaray and Nigerian striker Anthony Ujah from Chinese club Liaoning Whowin.
The transfer window in Germany was open until 6 p.m. local time.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter [...]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the [...]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station [...]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State [...]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. [...]
Surry County Cooperative Extension is offering several classes and workshops in the next few weeks for prospective produce growers, beekeepers both adult and junior, and mushroom growers.
Good Agricultural Practices: Food Safety Workshop for Growers
This is a basic GAO training workshop for commercial fruit and vegetable growers who need to prepare for a Good Agriculture practices audit or Food Safety Modernization Act inspection. Instruction in basic farm-based food safety and preparing the Plan of Action manual required for the farm audit will be covered. Materials will include worksheets, sample standard operating procedures, record sheets and documentation related to the audit plus an electronic version on CD. Instructors will be Joanna Radford and Wythe Morris, Surry County Cooperative Extension.
The class will be taught at Surry County Extension Center, 210 N. Main St., Dobson on Thursday, Jan. 18, 2018 from 9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Fee: $50 (covers materials and break). Registration required, call 336-401-8025.
Growing Shiitake and Oyster Mushrooms
This hands-on workshop at North Surry High School agriculture building, 2440 West Pine St., Thursday, Jan. 25 at 4 p.m. provides an introduction to mushroom production. Come prepared to get dirty. The shiitake mushroom and the oyster mushroom will be covered. Topics include: equipment needed, selecting mushroom spawns, inoculating logs with spawn, harvesting mushrooms, marketing mushrooms, hands-on inoculation of logs which participants get to take home.
Registration is required. Call NC Cooperative Extension at 336-401-8025. Cost is $25 and includes one inoculated shiitake mushroom log and oyster mushroom spawn. The event is sponsored by North Carolina Cooperative Extension, Surry Center, and North Surry Future Farmers of America. For accommodations for persons with disabilities, contact Joanna Radford at 336-401-8025 or radfordj@co.surry.nc.us no later than five business days before the event.
Beginning Beekeeping
Surry County Beekeepers will be presenting Surry County Bee School 2018 for beginning beekeepers. Classes will include introduction to beekeeping, the colony, organization, and life cycle of the honeybee, equipment needed to get started, how to assemble equipment, seasonal hive management of the colonies, pests and diseases of the bees, harvesting and processing honey and other hive products and a field day to work with the bees.
Class is on Mondays between Feb. 5 to March 19, from 7-9 p.m. (Field day to be announced) at the Farm Bureau downstairs meeting room, 112 White St., Dobson. Cost is $20 per individual (does not include book), $25 additional for book “The Beekeeper's Handbook, 4th Edition” by Diana Sammataro. Refreshments provided. Students joining Surry County Beekeepers may enter a drawing for a hive (excluding bees).
For reservations, please call Surry County Extension office at 336-401-8025. Check for updates at http://surrybeekeepers.org.
Surry County Junior Beekeepers
Surry County Beekeepers Association and NC Cooperative Extension, Surry County Center are presenting “Be a Part of the Buzz,” a program for junior beekeepers. Learn parts of a hive, anatomy of a honeybee, light a smoker, dress in a bee suit, open a hive and identify worker bees, drones and queens.
The class will meet every Monday Feb. 5 to March 12 from 7 p.m. to 9 p.m. at NC Cooperative Extension, Surry County Center, 210 N. Main St., Dobson. Registration is required by Feb. 1, 2018. Call 336-401-8025 to register.
By Bill Colvard bcolvard@MtAiryNews.com
Reach Bill Colvard at 336-415-4699.
Reach Bill Colvard at 336-415-4699.
All Times EDT EASTERN CONFERENCE W L T Pts GF GA Atlanta United FC 8 3 2 26 27 17 Columbus 7 3 4 25 18 10 New York City FC 7 3 3 24 26 19 New York 7 3 1 22 26 12 Orlando City 6 5 1 19 22 20 New England 5 4 4 19 22 19 Philadelphia 5 5 3 18 15 16 Chicago 4 7 2 14 18 24 Toronto FC 3 7 1 10 14 20 Montreal 3 10 0 9 14 29 D.C. United 2 5 3 9 14 18 WESTERN CONFERENCE W L T Pts GF GA Sporting Kansas City 7 2 4 25 24 13 Los Angeles FC 6 3 3 21 24 19 Portland 6 3 2 20 19 17 FC Dallas 5 1 5 20 17 11 Real Salt Lake 6 6 1 19 17 26 Houston 5 4 3 18 27 20 Vancouver 4 5 5 17 19 27 LA Galaxy 5 6 1 16 16 19 Minnesota United 5 7 1 16 16 22 San Jose 2 7 3 9 18 23 Seattle 2 6 2 8 7 12 Colorado 2 7 2 8 13 20
NOTE: Three points for victory, one point for tie.
___
Friday, May 25
FC Dallas 1, Toronto FC 0
Houston 3, New York City FC 1
LA Galaxy 1, San Jose 0
Saturday, May 26
Real Salt Lake 1, Seattle 0
New England 3, Vancouver 3, tie
Philadelphia 0, New York 0, tie
Chicago 2, Orlando City 1
Minnesota United 2, Montreal 0
Portland 3, Colorado 2
D.C. United 1, Los Angeles FC 1, tie
Sunday, May 27
Columbus 0, Sporting Kansas City 0, tie
Wednesday, May 30
Atlanta United FC 1, New England 1, tie
Philadelphia 3, Chicago 1
Real Salt Lake 2, Houston 1
FC Dallas at LA Galaxy, 10:30 p.m.
Friday, June 1
Vancouver at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Saturday, June 2
LA Galaxy at Portland, 5 p.m.
Houston at Montreal, 7:30 p.m.
New York at New England, 7:30 p.m.
Orlando City at New York City FC, 7:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Atlanta United FC, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto FC at Columbus, 7:30 p.m.
Los Angeles FC at FC Dallas, 8 p.m.
San Jose at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Seattle at Real Salt Lake, 9:30 p.m.
Sunday, June 3
Minnesota United at Sporting Kansas City, 8:30 p.m.
When George Miller, the director of the renowned post-apocalyptic film Mad Max, gives his blessing for his decades-old release to be screened without dialogue and shown accompanied by a live re-score, you know his sensibilities must align with those who are creating the music to support it.
And that is exactly what will happen via an ensemble of musicians who have made scoring for cult cinema classics in live settings their passion. Spearheaded by zealous New York-based cinefile and musician Devon E. Levins, the outfit, Morricone Youth will visit Australia next month as part of Sydney Festival, touching down to perform live score soundtracks for enhancement of screenings of two iconic films. The 1968 George A. Romero directed Night of the Living Dead and 1979, Australian original– Mad Max.
The latter will screen somewhat fittingly on Australia Day (26th January) and according to Levins, George Miller in most of his early interviews, confesses he conceived the film to be silent– the dialogue, the car screeching and the bells and whistles were all added bonuses to his vision.
“We're kind of taking him to task, and he's allowing us to do it. So it's a little bit of that, and we wanted to do the silent film stuff that we do, a little bit of the Western and then we'll have a lot of action high-octane, car chase music at times.” Levins, painting the picture as to what audiences can expect from the scored screen performance.
To truly comprehend the gravitational pull of reinterpreting cult film soundtracks, understanding a little of Levin's history is useful.
The genesis of Morricone Youth occurred predating 1999, before he had relocated to the East Coast. From his base in San Diego he'd enjoyed notoriety in the post punk-rock band scene from age 13. Acts including Rocket from the Crypt and Pinback were part of his band community, and it took both his membership to the band Creedle (an act who erred on the side of comic-book geeky and who used the tropes of tv and film and other pop cultural references to sample within their music) and an idea he shared with a fellow band bass player to reinterpret soundtracks to films that they loved, for Levins to birth what is now recognised as Morricone Youth.
“When I got to New York, I found some like-minded people and film soundtrack fans, and started it [the band]as a side project. We all had our sort of indie projects or side projects we were working on and this band started getting better gigs rather than the other ones we were in. I guess because there was something thematic about it, or it was an easy thing to sell to get into clubs or whatever.”
The MO (modus operandi) for the show and the band is that it's music written for the moving image. That can mean film music, tv music, video installation music as well as incorporating library production music which has emerged as yet another of Levin's passions – more on that later.
“We had a catalogue of 150 songs, that we had reinterpreted from the 60s 70s 80s and from there we just sort of did this album all over the place. It was for this imaginary film and it had a lot of genres on it but we sort of thought we should get a bit more thematic with each one. We thought perhaps maybe a Western, maybe an Italian horror– Giallo, or even a spy movie.” Says Levin.
Adding: “We started covering songs, but we wouldn't just cover songs that had appeared in movies, we were more interested in songs specifically written for films and scenes that were visual in nature.”
Naturally the group started working closely with a theatre in Brooklyn to do live scores to silent films or midnight films and Levins recollects that the first one, was the French Horror film: Fascination directed by Jean Rollin. A 70s cinematic release which he admits he'd initially had reservations of rewriting music for, especially as it was a more modern film.
“We did it with the dialogue and the sound off, kind of like an old silent film. And it did really well, so we started rotating between silent films and midnight movies.”
To say there is an increasing interest for this type of show around the world is probably an accurate statement. Levins can't quite pinpoint where the resurgence has originated but certainly it feels to him that this experiential form of cinema and soundscape is on the rise among audiences.
“I don't know if it's a huge thing or not, but it's a niche– every city /at least major city in the United States, I'm finding is starting to do this kind of thing and I do feel like it's the Wild West a little bit. I think there is something happening around the rise of the Internet. Nothing is really a secret anymore, people are saying what's going on in Alamo in Austin; in Cinefamily in LA; and they have a lot going on in LA quite often where they're doing these live scoring events, and I think they're influenced by these bigger live scoring events and New York and I'm assuming all over the place – London and you're noticing it from Australia too”
In fact at the time of speaking with Cyclic, Morricone Youth, are finishing up a support slot tour with Italian soundtrack outfit: Goblin, a band revered in this niche and who Levins mentions have somewhat miraculously reformed after a period on hiatus. He also shares that on this tour, it's not uncommon for fellow Italian composer Fabio Frizzi to be performing days ahead of them with his eight-piece orchestra. Levins adds that one of his idols, composer John Carpenter is also currently on tour.
“He's coming to New York, and I mean our last show of this tour is next Sunday at Irving plaza and four days later is John Carpenter with his six or seven-piece band with visuals. And John Carpenter is drawing a lot more than say our band, because these are all things that people never thought (me included) that we would see. Goblin reform, Fabio Frizzi performing live (cos he's just an Italian Composer) or, I mean I'd never in my wildest dreams, would think that John Carpenter would be touring musically, it doesn't even register. It doesn't make any sense and he's selling out and playing big festivals in Europe, I don't know that he's made it to Australia yet. So there is something going on.”
And it's this sort of passion for the industry he resides within that has seen Levins dovetail from live score performance into hosting a highly successful radio show, dedicated to unearthing composers and revealing library production rarities he's laboured to find over the years. While it continues to be a dream of Levins to interview the likes of John Carpenter, he's content with the composer lineage he's rubbed shoulders with so far, which extends to Australian composer, Sven Liebeck. (see our interview with Sven here)
“I think the younger composers appreciate it because they have a place where they can have their music played and talk about it and I always try to not just keep it to my dream composers that I'm chasing. Yes, I'm going after John Carpenter don't get me wrong, but I like to get those composers who on their first or one off and I get promo-'d so many records I try to listen to them.”
And as the five piece (none of whom have ever visited Australian shores) prepare for their new year trip down under, we touch once more on what audiences can look forward to experiencing musically from the two performances.
Night of the Living Dead will feature a customised DCP – where the sound goes up and down and the key dialogue from the film remains, because Levins states, that they really didn't want to step on it too much.
“There are famous lines and if you're familiar with the film there is ‘so called' tv reporting and it doesn't make any sense for a band to be playing on top of that or whatever so we kind of sit out at times.
Where as Mad Max the next night, it's pretty synth heavy. The film was created in 1979 that was a time when synthesizers were being more heavily used in ‘B movies' and action movies so we kind of approached it that way.”
Night Of The Living Dead and Mad Max with live score by Morricone Youth is a part of Sydney Festival 25 & 26 January 2018.
History came alive for Carre's Grammmar School boys when a history day was held at the school in November 1992.
Geneologist Lynda Rippen, pictured right, from the county archives, helped the boys trace their family trees.
Can anyone recall which year group these students were from and maybe put a few faces to names?
Maybe some grew up to become fully fledged historians?
Share your comments and local nostalgia school photos with us to appear in future editions, at andy.hubbert@jpress.co.uk or via www.facebook.com/thesleafordstandard
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump has signed legislation that would help people with deadly diseases try experimental treatments.
Trump signed the Right to Try bill on Wednesday. He called it a "fundamental freedom" that will provide hope and save lives.
The bill cleared the House last week following an emotional debate in which Republicans said it would help thousands of people in search of hope. Many Democrats said the measure was dangerous and would give patients false hope.
Trump embraced the plan during his State of the Union address, saying people who are terminally ill shouldn't have to leave the country to seek cures.
The measure gives people diagnosed with life-threatening conditions who have exhausted treatment options access to unproven drugs without needing permission from the Food and Drug Administration.
JERUSALEM (AP) — An Israeli government plan to deport tens of thousands of African migrants has sparked an unexpected backlash from liberal Israelis and their American Jewish allies who say Israel — established in the wake of the Holocaust — should never be turning away those in need.
The showdown could come to a head on April 1, when the state plans to start expelling Africans, some of whom have been in Israel for years, to an uncertain fate.
The government insists all but a select few are economic migrants. But critics charge they are mostly bona fide refugees fleeing persecution and that kicking them out would threaten their lives.
In recent weeks, Israeli pilots, doctors, writers, former ambassadors and Holocaust survivors have all urged the government to halt the deportation plan.
STORRS, Conn. (AP) -- Jacob Evans III scored 19 points to lead No. 8 Cincinnati to its 14th straight win, 65-57 over a struggling UConn team.
Kyle Washington added 13 points and 11 rebounds for the Bearcats (21-2, 10-0 American), who never trailed.
Jalen Adams scored 20 points and Christian Vital added 18 for the Huskies, who have lost five of their last six to fall below the .500 mark at 11-12 (4-6) American.
The Bearcats shot just 36 percent from the floor, 10 percentage points below their season average. But they held UConn to 29 percent.
Cincinnati opened the game with three straight 3-pointers and ran out to a 13-0 lead. The Huskies missed their first 10 shots and didn't score until Christian Vital drove the lane for a layup almost eight minutes into the game.
The Bearcats had a drought of their own, getting just six free throws over a nine-minute span before a 3-pointer from Evans made it 26-16.
A 3-pointer by Keith Williams at the halftime buzzer sent the Bearcats into the locker room up 32-21.
Consecutive 3-pointers by Cane Broome eight minutes into the second half extended the lead to 17 points and the Bearcats weathered a late 12-4 UConn run.
BIG PICTURE
Cincinnati: A win in its next game against UCF would tie the team's longest winning streak in the 12-years since Mick Cronin took over as head coach. The school record for consecutive wins is 37, during the 1961-62 and 1962-63 seasons.
UConn: The Huskies are now 27-29 over the past two seasons. UConn has lost 12 straight against ranked opponents and is 0-5 against the Top 25 this season. Despite their struggles, this was the Huskies first loss on campus this season. The Huskies are now 5-1 at Gampel Pavilion.
UP NEXT
Cincinnati: Heads home to face UCF on Tuesday before at two-game road trip to SMU and Houston.
UConn: The Huskies remain at home to face USF on Wednesday. It will be the first time this season the Huskies have had back-to-back games at Gampel Pavilion.
---
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-Top25
FILE - In this April 29, 2015, file photo, boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr. smiles during a pre-fight news conference in Las Vegas. Mayweather is being inducted into the Southern Nevada Sports Hall of Fame in Las Vegas on Friday, June 2, 2017. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson, File)
LAS VEGAS (AP) -- Floyd Mayweather Jr. said Wednesday he will come out of retirement to face UFC star Conor McGregor in a boxing match on Aug. 26.
Mayweather, who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of his pro fights, will face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never been in a scheduled 12-round fight at the MGM Grand arena. The fight that will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules.
''It's official,'' Mayweather said on his Instagram account next to a video poster of both fighters.
''THE FIGHT IS ON,'' McGregor tweeted several minutes earlier, posting a picture of himself next to one of Mayweather's father, Floyd Sr.
Mayweather will fight at the relatively advanced age of 41 in a bout that McGregor has been pushing for months. It finally came together over the last few days, and Nevada boxing officials on Wednesday approved the date for a Mayweather Promotions bout.
Though Las Vegas oddsmakers have made Mayweather a heavy 10-1 favorite, the thought of the fight has excited many in the MMA world. It has also intrigued some in boxing, though most dismiss McGregor's chances under boxing rules against one of the greatest defensive fighters in history.
Even if the actual bout may not shape up as a great matchup, the run-up to the fight will. Both fighters are noted for their ability to sell their fights, and both have exchanged in trash talking and more to promote their bouts.
The fight will be televised on pay-per-view on Showtime and would likely gross tens of millions of dollars. It comes less than a month before Gennady Golovkin and Canelo Alvarez meet in a highly anticipated fight that could rival it for pay-per-view buys.
12:18 Reported News Briefs Tishrei 16, 5778 , 06/10/17 Tishrei 16, 5778 , 06/10/17 2017 Nobel Peace Prize goes to anti-nuclear NGO Read more Despite rumors Iranian Foreign Minister was set to win, Nobel Peace Prize goes to obscure group promoting abolition of nuclear weapons. ► ◄ Last Briefs
NYON, Switzerland (AP) — Two-time defending champion Real Madrid will face Paris Saint-Germain in the last 16 of the Champions League.
The match, which will pit Cristiano Ronaldo against Neymar, was possible because Madrid finished as a runner-up in its group.
Barcelona will play Chelsea, Manchester City will face Basel, Manchester United will take on Sevilla and Porto will play Liverpool.
Also, it was: Juventus vs. Tottenham; Bayern Munich vs. Besiktas; and Shakhtar Donetsk vs. Roma.
The first legs will be played from Feb. 13-21, with the return matches from March 6-14.
The final will be played at the Olympic Stadium in Kiev, Ukraine, on May 26.
Article Written by Amber Mostert
The team at 96five are hitting up Southbank on Wednesday, December 20 for an afternoon of games, prizes and stacks of freebies! You'll even have a chance to meet Luke and Susie from The Backseat Drivers, as they broadcast LIVE from Southbank. Luke, Susie and the 96five team will be in front of Street's Beach, Southbank between 3-6pm.
To make a day of it, here are some of our favourite things to do around Southbank at the moment!
Watch the Christmas Fireworks @ Southbank
Your 96five is providing the soundtrack to the Christmas Firework Spectacular! Listen along to your favourite radio station as the summer sky is lit up at South Bank's Christmas Firework Spectacular. The firework display starts at 7.45pm nightly from 20-23 December.
Watch the City Hall Light Display
Catch a quick ferry ride across the Brisbane River or take a stroll across Victoria Bridge and check out the awesome light projection display at Brisbane's City Hall. The light display plays every 15 minutes until midnight, running until Christmas Eve.
Enjoy a Christmas Movie @ the Southbank Beach Cinema
After enjoying a fun-filled family day at Southbank, sit back and relax with your favourite Christmas films! The cinema plays two movies each night, with the first movie starting at 6pm. This is the perfect way to finish off a fantastic day.
To find out what other Christmas activities are on this December click here.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
DARWIN, Australia (AP) — Police say a German couple who disappeared in the Australian Outback were unprepared for the harsh environment and likely died before anyone noticed they were missing.
Northern Territory police launched a search for Gisela and Wilfred Thor on Sunday after a ranger found the couple's car at Trephina Gorge, a nature park northeast of the Outback town of Alice Springs. The couple had set off for the gorge two days earlier.
Police discovered the body of 76-year-old Wilfred on Monday and his 73-year-old wife the next day.
Police said Wednesday that the couple probably died before anyone realized they were missing.
Sergeant Philip Emmett said the pair strayed from the park's walking track and were unprepared for the rugged environment and high temperatures.
Donald Trump says that if his meeting with Kim Jong-un “is not fruitful,” he will “respectfully leave the meeting.” My advice would be to wear…
A Baltimore school police officer caught on video slapping and kicking a teen at a school while another officer stood by has accepted a plea deal.
News media outlets report Anthony Spence entered an Alford plea on Tuesday to a second-degree assault charge, not admitting guilt, but acknowledging prosecutors have enough evidence to convict.
Instead of facing jail time, Spence will get probation before judgment and 18 months of supervised probation. He must also resign from the school police force within 90 days.
Documents show a witness to the March 1 encounter said a second officer, Saverna Bias, told Spence to hit the youth, and Spence then hit and kicked the teen.
Spence's attorney, Warren Brown, says the student spat on Spence.
Bias will go to trial on assault charges.
Knowing they need some solid finishes this summer to secure their futures on the PGA Tour, Canadian rookies Ben Silverman and Corey Conners say their impressive showings at the Fort Worth Invitational are a huge confidence boost heading into a crucial stretch of the season.
Conners finished eighth and Silverman 11th at last week's event just outside Dallas, Texas, to give each of them a 19-point boost in the FedEx Cup standings. Still, Conners, now 109th, and Silverman, 124th, know there is work still to be done to reach the target of finishing the campaign in the top 125 and automatically earning PGA Tour status for next season.
"I've been eyeing it since the season started in October," said Silverman by phone from Texas.
Both golfers posted huge rounds in Texas en route to their best finishes of the 2018 calendar year.
Silverman shot 5-under 65 in Sunday's final round — his best-ever round on the PGA Tour. Conners shot a 7-under-par 63 on Saturday — tied for the round of the day — en route to his first top-10 finish on the tour.
"It's what I needed to see," said Silverman. "Things with my game have been progressing in the right direction but I just haven't seen the results out of it that I should."
Silverman, who had two top-10 finishes in the 2017 portion of the season, missed his previous three cuts entering last week's event. But the 30-year-old said he has shown he can compete.
"When I don't have a day like Saturday (when Silverman shot 2-over-par 72) I'd be much closer to the lead, and that's where I should be when things with my game are going well," he said. "I'm just going to keep working on everything I've been doing and I've got lots of good stuff coming up this summer."
Silverman and his wife, Morgan, welcomed their first child in November, and he said for the first time they tried something different on the road last week: booking a one-bedroom suite. Silverman slept on the pullout couch when he had an early tee-time and said that helped him get better rest and resulted in better play.
Story Continues
Conners was in the last group on Sunday two tournaments in a row in March – the Valspar Championship and the Corales Puntacana Resort & Club Championship – but struggled in the final rounds, finishing tied for 16th and 13th, respectively.
Conners' final-round scoring average of 72.02 has him 168th on Tour, but he said he learned "a ton" those weeks in March. It helped him feel more comfortable on Sunday in Texas, en route to his best ever PGA Tour result.
"I was definitely more relaxed and focused," he said. "It's definitely different on Sunday. You try to play just another round of golf but you know it's the final day and you've got to try to make a move."
Conners and Silverman are off this week from the PGA Tour, but they will attempt to qualify for the U.S. Open at sectional sites in Ohio on June 4.
Silverman said if he gets into the U.S. Open he will not play the week before, at the FedEx St. Jude Classic in Memphis, Tenn., but Conners said no matter if he gets in or not, he will play in Memphis.
Conners played the U.S. Open last year after qualifying, while Silverman has not yet played a major championship.
Adam Stanley, The Canadian Press
Central Texans are expressing solidarity and concern after Saturday's deadly white supremacist and neo-Nazi rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.
On Sunday morning, about 10 strangers, all of them white, gathered in a room at the Triumphant Love Lutheran Church in Northwest Austin. Most were drawn by a post for a Facebook event, which said a Charlottesville solidarity event was being held at the church. After a few minutes of pleasantries, people began talking about their roles as allies.
“We're mostly white folks here,” said Austin resident Hans Maverick. “There are a lot of tools online that explain how to really listen to people of color.”
Several other attendees echoed Maverick's points about the need to listen to the experiences of African- Americans and other people of color. Temple, Texas resident Cecily Luft drove about an hour to Austin to attend the gathering. Luft, who is in the process of converting to Judaism, said it was surreal to see images of Saturday's neo-Nazi rally.
“I went to Facebook, and I saw page after page of white men carrying torches… swastikas, and I immediately just had to turn it off,” Luft said. “I felt an overwhelming sense of, ‘I can't let this happen without a fight.'”
Eventually the group grew to about 30 people. A few people of color, and the event organizer Margaret Haule, arrived. Haule, who is African American and the founder of Black Lives Matter Austin, led an hour-long discussion on racial tension and how to show support for minority groups. She fielded questions on everything from which charities to support to whether wearing safety pins on your shirt is an effective means of showing solidarity. Haule said Saturday's events in Charlottesville touched a nerve for many people, regardless of race.
“People need an outlet for what they were feeling, what they were experiencing,” Haule said. “This was a way for people to express their pain, express their grief, and just to do a catharsis.”
Haule also said that in her experience, white people and even some minority groups tend to unload their stories of racist experiences and guilt onto African-Americans.
“There's a time and place, and also, black people are not monolithic, so it's important that you tap into your humanity before you just assume that they want for you to bear your burden on them without them having the time to process their own burden,” she said.
One man pushed back on Haule's statements, asking her whether the point of the event was to tell people everything they are doing wrong as allies. He said in his view, it was important to share stories of the human experience.
One of the few people of color in attendance was Margarita Bamba. She immigrated from the Philippines and recently became an American citizen. Bamba became emotional when talking to the group about raising her two young sons in a racially charged climate.
"I want to teach them what it means to be part of this country and do things that you believe in," Bamba said.
Speaking after the event, Bamba said that when people talk about being allies, it's important not to oversimplify the narratives of minority groups.
"When everybody was talking about people of color, I think I was grateful that there are so many white people here, but it felt almost like an out-of-body experience, like people were talking about me in the third person, like I wasn't in the room," she said. "It's become this idea of people of color, that we're this monolithic group, and we're not."
A white supremacist rally and a counterprotest are planned for September 11th on the Texas A&M campus. Haule isn't directly involved in that counterprotest, and she says she'll leave that effort up to local organizers in College Station, Texas. To those who want to be an ally, she says one of the most important things to do is listen.
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
By Dan Reardon
In 1990, Mike Donald was one hole shy of completing the tournament of his life, the U.S. Open at Medinah Country Club. Donald needed only a par at the 18th of the Monday playoff to defeat Hale Irwin and find his place in golf history. He bogeyed and lost on the next hole in sudden death. Donald drifted on and off the PGA Tour over the next 15 years, never posting a win.
In 1999, France's Jean van de Velde stood on the tee of the final hole at Carnoustie with a three-shot lead in the Open Championship. He tripled the hole and lost in a playoff to Paul Lawrie. The Frenchmen did win once more in his golf career in 2005 but largely disappeared as a serious threat to win on the European Tour.
In 2016, Andrew Landry shot 66 in the opening round of the U.S. Open at Oakmont as an Open rookie, ranked 624th in the world. He played well enough over the next two days to be paired in the final group of the day with Dustin Johnson. Johnson gutted his way to his first major win, and Landry soared to a final-day 78. Instead of being the first U.S. Open rookie to win in 102 years, he finished tied for 15th.
He finished the year 178th in the FedExCup standings and back on the developmental Web.Com Tour the following season. On Sunday at the Valero Texas Open, Landry served notice that he intended to stay clear of the ranks of Donald, van de Velde and other players crushed by the disappointment of a failed major opportunity. Landry shot 4-under 68, -17, to win by two shots for his first PGA Tour title.
>>MORE: Pro Golf Coverage
“I think that every single player out here is good. Every single player is great. Whenever you get in a situation and you fell and you continue to fall, you're learning every single time you do something,” he said afterward. “Oakmont definitely helped me. It helped to control my pace and how my swing is, even how I walk and that can lead into my golf swing. It's accepting that I do have nerves and embrace them.”
Back on Tour after finishing fourth on Web.Com in 2017, Landry has been showing signs that an Oakmont hangover was not in his 2018 profile. He posted three top 10s in his first seven starts of the 2018 season, including a four-hole playoff loss to Jon Rahm at the CareerBuilder Challenge in February. He credited his performance in that loss to the success he enjoyed in San Antonio.
“Losing in that playoff when I was continuing to hit good shot after good shot and just not making any putts, which is usually a strength of my game, it helps because you get yourself in that situation and you continue to learn.”
Hall of Fame Texan Ben Hogan once said about his success, he learned the game in the dirt. For the 30-year-old Landry, the dirt was an hour drive from San Antonio in Port Neches-Groves on a nine-hole golf course called the Pea Patch, a course he lovingly described as a “goat ranch.” A long list of Texans have won a tournament that traces its genealogy to 1922, the most recent being Jimmy Walker in 2015. Landry adds his names to people like Hogan and Byron Nelson as Texas Open winners.
Perhaps it's the feel of home. Perhaps it's learning to manage the kind of Texas winds that buffeted the tournament early in the week. For Landry, there was the special comfort of being surrounded by family and friends for his breakthrough moment.
His mother, Patricia, wore a shirt Sunday bearing the logo of that U.S. Open in Oakmont two years prior. His wife, Elizabeth, with their newborn, stood greenside as her husband needed to navigate nearly 50 feet in two putts to secure the win. His father, Dwain, who Landry told on Sunday morning at Oakmont that he was going to win that day, was there when that prediction proved true two years later. And his brother, Adam, who was a constant competitor with him back on that nine-hole course, now in housing development, was there for the dream to become reality.
He told PGA Tour afterward the same thing Andrew talked about in his winning press conference.“I've watched all the trials and tribulations, what he's gone through, the highs and the lows. There was no Plan B for him. There was only this. Stuff like that will cripple people. It'll make you want to quit, failing back and forth — but he continuously figured out a way to find his way to the top.”
Dan Reardon has covered golf for radio station KMOX in St. Louis for 33 years. In that time, he has covered more than 100 events, including majors and other PGA, LPGA and Champions Tour tournaments. During his broadcast career, Reardon conducted one-on-one interviews with three dozen members of the World Golf of Fame. He has contributed to many publications over the years and co-authored the book Golf's Greatest Eighteen from Random House. Reardon served as Director of Media relations for LPGA events in both St. Louis and Chicago for 10 years.
INNSBRUCK, Austria (AP) — World Cup host Russia slumped to a 1-0 defeat in a friendly against Austria on Wednesday, extending its winless streak to six matches.
Russia has lost all three games in 2018 after defeats to Brazil and France in March, and has not won a game since beating South Korea in October.
Austria winger Marko Arnautovic set up midfielder Alessandro Schoepf for the only goal in the 28th minute, giving coach Franco Foda his fourth win from four matches since taking over from Marcel Koller in November after the team failed to qualify for the World Cup.
Russia plays Turkey in Moscow on Tuesday in its final warmup game before opening the World Cup against Saudi Arabia on June 14.
16:38 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Watch: IDF soldier helps elderly Arab woman cross street Read more
Must-see for those who claim IDF biased against Arabs. ► ◄ Last Briefs
A California police department will review its procedures after a restaurant patron with his 5-year-old daughter on his lap was fatally stabbed inside a crowded beachfront steakhouse by a man authorities say was homeless.
Officers should have responded in person to initial reports about the man rather than simply monitoring his actions via a security camera on the pier, Ventura police Chief Ken Corney told the Los Angeles Times .
The slaying highlights the challenges often faced by police when they deal with people who are homeless or mentally ill.
Law enforcement has sometimes been accused of over-policing the homeless community, leading to violent encounters.
But in Ventura, the lack of a police response has come under scrutiny. Residents gathered at a City Council meeting Monday night to vent frustrations over how officials are handling the homeless and mentally ill population.
Authorities say Jamal Jackson walked up to a table occupied by customer Anthony Mele on April 18 and stabbed him in the neck. The 35-year-old died at a hospital the following day. His daughter was not injured.
The attack came after a decision was made at the police 911 center to observe the 49-year-old Jackson on a security camera at the city pier, where homeless people often congregate.
"They didn't see any behavior that appeared to be concerning or significantly disruptive," Corney said. But he conceded, "our practice is not to handle these calls by security cameras. It is to put boots on the ground."
An administrative review is underway, he told the Times.
Jackson, a convicted felon, faces a first-degree murder charge. He has not entered a plea and is due in court this week. It was unclear if he has an attorney.
Prosecutor Richard Simon said customers and a restaurant employee followed Jackson from the restaurant after the stabbing, even though he still had the knife. They kept track of him until police arrived and arrested him.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Trump says US troops will be coming home, but wants to leave 'strong and lasting footprint' in Syria.
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Some clouds. Low around 80F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph..
Tonight
Some clouds. Low around 80F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph.
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. (AP) — The New York Yankees have acquired NL MVP Giancarlo Stanton from the Miami Marlins.
The Yankees announced the trade Monday, getting the slugger and cash from Miami for Starlin Castro and two minor leaguers, right-hander Jorge Guzman and infielder Jose Devers.
Stanton is still owed $295 million over the final decade of his record $325 million, 13-year contract. The outfielder was to be introduced later Monday at baseball's winter meetings.
The 28-year-old Stanton led the majors with 59 home runs and 132 RBIs last season.
The 27-year-old Castro was an All-Star last season, hitting .300 with 16 homers and 63 RBIs. There's speculation the Marlins will try to trade him to the New York Mets.
The 21-year-old Guzman was 5-3 with a 2.30 ERA in Class A Staten Island. The 18-year-old Devers hit .245 in the Dominican Summer League and the rookie Gulf Coast League.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
___
Dow industrials drop 600 points, extending a weeklong slump
NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks slumped Friday, pulling the Dow Jones industrial average down more than 650 points and handing the market its worst week in two years. Technology, banks and energy stocks accounted for much of the broad slide. Several major companies, including Exxon Mobil and Google's parent company, Alphabet, sank after reporting weak earnings. Bond yields rose sharply after the government reported the fastest wage growth in eight years, stoking fears of inflation.
———
Wages up by most in 8 years as US adds a robust 200K jobs
WASHINGTON (AP) — The solid pay gains reported for January show that employers are increasingly competing for a narrower pool of workers with the U.S. expansion now in its ninth year. Raises stemming from Republican tax cuts and minimum wage increases in 18 states also likely boosted pay last month. The figures point to an economy on strong footing, fueled by consumer spending and global growth.
———
Exxon, Chevron report sharply higher 4Q profit on tax gains
DALLAS (AP) — Fourth-quarter profits are up at Exxon and Chevron, helped by the new tax law. However, the core results fell short of Wall Street forecasts. Analysts expected a bigger benefit from rising oil prices.
———
Super Bowl ads shy from politics and mind their manners
NEW YORK (AP) — This year's Super Bowl advertisers — with a few notable exceptions — are trying hard to steer clear of divisive subjects and are instead running mild-mannered ads that don't offend. So Bill Hader is touting Pringles, Danny DeVito appears in an ad for M&Ms, Chris Pratt promotes Michelob Ultra and Peyton Manning shills for Universal Parks in spots tinged with light humor. The goal is to capture the attention of the 111 million people expected to tune in on Sunday.
———
Yellen lands new job at Brookings Institution
WASHINGTON (AP) — Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, the first woman to head the nation's central bank, got a boisterous send-off from Fed staff, but she isn't taking any time off. After her last day at the Fed on Friday, she will start a new job Monday at the Brookings Institution.
———
Spain extradites suspect thought to be spam kingpin to US
MADRID (AP) — Spain says it has extradited to the United States a Russian citizen suspected as one the world's most notorious spammers. Pyotr Levashov, a 37-year-old from St. Petersburg, was arrested last April while on vacation in Barcelona with his family. U.S. authorities had asked for him to be detained on charges of fraud and unauthorized interception of electronic communications. A statement from Spain's National Police said officers handed Levashov over to U.S. marshals on Friday.
———
Tax overhaul charge hands Merck 4Q loss despite higher sales
NEW YORK (AP) — Drugmaker Merck posted a loss of $872 million in the fourth quarter, as a big charge related to the recent U.S. tax overhaul more than offset higher medicine sales. Its adjusted earnings still topped Wall Street's expectations. The maker of Januvia diabetes pills and cancer drug Keytruda took a charge of $2.6 billion toward taxes for repatriating profits held overseas. It now plans to invest about $12 billion over five years on capital projects.
———
Sony taps CFO Yoshida as new president, replacing Hirai
TOKYO (AP) — Sony Corp. has named Chief Financial Officer Kenichiro Yoshida as its new president and CEO, replacing Kazuo Hirai, who led a turnaround at the Japanese electronics and entertainment company and will stay on as chairman. Yoshida has experience in Sony's U.S. operations, as well as its network, financial and investor relations businesses.
———
900 trapped South Africa miners evacuated after power outage
JOHANNESBURG (AP) — At least 900 miners who were trapped in a South African gold mine for more than 24 hours after a power outage have been safely evacuated. The Sibanye-Stillwater company which manages the Beatrix mine in Free State province says the miners will have medical tests and counseling. It expects the mine to start operating again on Monday.
———
Oldest nuke plant in the US closing a year ahead of schedule
LACEY TOWNSHIP, N.J. (AP) — The oldest active nuclear power plant in the United States will shut down this October, more than a year ahead of schedule. Chicago-based Exelon Generation says the Oyster Creek plant in Lacey Township, New Jersey, will close this fall instead of its Dec. 31, 2019, deadline under an agreement with state authorities. The company says it is becoming too costly to operate the plant.
———
YouTube begins flagging videos backed by governments
MENLO PARK, Calif. (AP) — YouTube says it has started flagging videos provided by news outlets that receive government backing. It's part of a commitment made last year when its owner, Google, was hauled before congressional investigators looking into Russian tampering with the U.S. electorate. In particular, it faced numerous questions about RT (formerly Russia Today), which had at one point been a preferred partner on YouTube even though it is funded by the Russian government.
———
The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 59.85 points, or 2.1 percent, to 2,762.13. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 665.75 points, or 2.4 percent, to 25,520.96. The Nasdaq slid 144.92 points, or 2 percent, to 7,240.95. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks gave up 32.59 points, or 2.1 percent, to 1,547.27.
Benchmark U.S. crude slid 35 cents, or 0.5 percent, to settle at $65.45 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell $1.07, or 1.5 percent, to close at $68.58 a barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline fell 2 cents to $1.87 a gallon and heating oil slipped 4 cents to $2.05 a gallon. Natural gas lost 1 cent to $2.85 per 1,000 cubic feet.
DICKENSON COUNTY, VA (WJHL) – The middle and high schools in Dickenson County, VA are dismissing early due to a bomb threat.
The school system tells News Channel 11 that a note was found and they are dismissing students early out of precaution.
The two schools that have been impacted are Ridgeview Middle School and Ridgeview High School.
Law enforcement are currently sweeping the area.
This is the second threat the school system has received this week.
Copyright WJHL 2017. All rights reserved.
Building a slide deck, pitch, or presentation? Here are the big takeaways:
Drupal developers have announced another emergency patch for release on Wednesday. Drupal administrators are advised to patch urgently.
Last month's Drupalgeddon 2 vulnerability is presently being exploited by at least three different malware families.
Once again, the developers of Drupal are preparing an emergency out-of-band patch for a critical vulnerability in the popular content management system. The security advisory indicates that another patch will be released between 16:00 - 18:00 UTC on April 25th, 2018. (For reference, that is between 12:00 - 2:00 pm on the same day, in Eastern Daylight Time.) Patches will be provided for the 7.x, 8.4.x, and 8.5.x branches of Drupal.
Specific details of the vulnerability are unclear, as the developers have not provided any hints of the nature of the issue prior to the release of the patch. However, the advisory does note that it is a follow-up to the patch issued last month in response to the "Drupalgeddon 2" security vulnerability, which related to a conflict between how PHP handles arrays in parameters, and Drupal's use of the hash (#) at the beginning of array keys to signify special keys that typically result in further computation.
In order to patch that vulnerability, an input sanitation check was added to /includes/bootstrap.inc in the Drupal code. Noted developer Scott Arciszewski of Paragon Initiative indicated that the new vulnerability "probably doesn't involve breaking the PHP interpreter."
SEE: Information security incident reporting policy (Tech Pro Research)
Despite the care to pre-announce an urgent out-of-band vulnerability by the developers, seemingly many Drupal installations remain unpatched. The Muhstik botnet has been observed by Netlab 360 infecting vulnerable Drupal instances and implanting xmrig and cgminer cryptocurrency mining software. The Netlab 360 report posits that propagation is also happening from the servers with infected Drupal instances. The botnet is also targeting since-patched vulnerabilties in ClipBucket, DasanNetwork Solution, Webdav, WebLogic, Webuzo, and WordPress, the report said. In addition to Muhstik, two other groups of malware have also been identified as actively exploiting the vulnerability.
Content management systems such as Drupal, as well as blogging platforms like WordPress, are popular targets for hackers, due to their widespread nature. Drupal's usage statistics page indicates the software powers about 1.1 million websites. In particular, Drupal has been susceptible to major vulnerabilities, as the original "Drupalgeddon" SQL injection vulnerability from 2014 showed.
For administrators of Drupal installations that for whatever reason are unable to be patched, Trend Micro's Deep Security package offers filters for the original Drupalgeddon 2 vulnerability to prevent attackers from taking control of vulnerable systems.
Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Cybersecurity Insider newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
By Tonya Little
Contributing Writer
There has been an increase in emergency teaching certifications state-wide, including in the Mid-Del School district. Oklahoma has become reliant on emergency teaching certifications to help during the teacher shortage in the state. Unfortunately many qualified teachers, both long time teachers and newly graduating ones, move out of state looking for more competitive pay, which leaves gaping holes behind. The Oklahoma State Department of Education has approved 855 emergency certifications statewide to date, including approving 224 at the June school board meeting and 631 at the July school board meeting according to Deana Silk, the Deputy Director of Communications with the Oklahoma State Department of Education. The Mid-Del district has 28 positions filled with emergency teaching certificates so far, spread fairly evenly throughout the grades and subjects throughout the district.
“It's a little bit higher this year. Two years ago we had around 21 or 22 and last year it was a little lower, but because we cut some positions I think everything was just a little bit lower, so this year it's bounced back and gone up,” said Mid-Del Superintendent Rick Cobb.
State law requires that teachers be certified. There are different paths to certification, including traditional and alternative. Emergency certifications can be requested by districts when a candidate has not yet fulfilled all the requirements of full certification. More information about different paths to certification can be found on the Oklahoma State Department of Education website. Emergency certification should only be requested when the district has exhausted every option to find an appropriately certified person for the open position. Applicants approved for an emergency certificate who have never been certified must have a current Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation (OSBI) and Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) fingerprint-based criminal history record check processed by the Professional Standards Section before a certificate will be issued.
Although the number of teachers with emergency certifications has increased, Cobb doesn't foresee this as a problem or hindering the district in any way. Many people with college degrees in other areas discover later that they have a natural ability for the teaching field, or discover they have a passion for it, and this just gives them the opportunity to pursue that career without having to go back and get another degree specifically for teaching. It also helps out districts who don't have enough qualified applicants to fill the teaching positions needed. There's nothing to say that just because a teacher has an emergency teaching certificate, that they won't end up being a highly effective and motivating teacher for our students.
“The thing that we really look for on our end is doing what we can do to help people who didn't go to college specifically to become teachers still become good teachers. We feel like they might start a little bit behind the curve as far as teaching strategies and classroom management is concerned, so we have instructional coaches, we have curriculum staff, we have people whose jobs are helping our teachers become better teachers. That's really where we focus when we have new, and especially when we have emergency certified teachers, is helping them and basically being there as a safety net if they struggle,” said Cobb.
While this necessary provision helps staff our Oklahoma schools during the teacher shortages, eventually the state as a whole will need to find a way to keep qualified teachers here in our state so that there won't be holes to fill.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 Washington 50 30 15 5 65 155 141 Toronto 52 29 18 5 63 167 146 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 Philadelphia 50 24 18 8 56 144 146 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 52 25 22 5 55 173 189 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 Detroit 49 20 21 8 48 128 147 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 49 33 12 4 70 168 130 Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 San Jose 50 26 16 8 60 146 140 Dallas 51 28 19 4 60 155 137 Los Angeles 50 27 18 5 59 142 121 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 Colorado 49 27 18 4 58 160 143 Calgary 50 25 17 8 58 139 139 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 50 20 24 6 46 131 162 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3, Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3, Montreal 1
Chicago 2, Nashville 1
Los Angeles 3, Dallas 0
Vegas 4, Calgary 2
Vancouver 4, Colorado 3, OT
Wednesday's Games
Toronto 5, N.Y. Islanders 0
Detroit 2, San Jose 1, SO
Washington 5, Philadelphia 3
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Saturday's Games
Ottawa at Philadelphia, 1 p.m.
Anaheim at Montreal, 1 p.m.
Detroit at Florida, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Columbus at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Winnipeg, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Boston, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Minnesota at Dallas, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Chicago at Calgary, 10 p.m.
Arizona at Los Angeles, 10:30 p.m.
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. (CBSNewYork/AP) — Quarterback Tyrod Taylor is unhappy with the Bills decision to bench him to close the season and questioned whether he's played his final game for Buffalo.
Unless he hears otherwise, Taylor said he can only assume the benching reflects the Bills having lost confidence in him to continue on as their starter.
“That's fair to say. That's what it showed,” Taylor said Monday, when Bills players gathered to clear out their lockers a day after a season-ending 30-10 loss at the New York Jets.
“Did I believe that was fair? No, I didn't,” Taylor said, adding he's hoping to get a lengthier explanation from the team during exit meetings. “Once we have the conversation and it's actually explained to me why it was done the way it was, we'll move forward from there. But we'll see when that happens.”
MORE: Keidel: Questions Never Cease With The Perennially Downtrodden Jets
Taylor also revealed he is scheduled to visit a doctor on Wednesday to seek a second opinion on whether he'll require surgery to repair a groin injury that has nagged him over the past month.
The injury didn't prevent him from playing the previous four games. And Taylor did take part in two of Buffalo's three practices last week before he was listed as inactive against the Jets.
The decision to start backup EJ Manuel was made at the same time the Bills fired coach Rex Ryan on Tuesday and promoted Anthony Lynn as the interim head coach.
MORE: Keidel: Rex Belongs In The NFL, Just Not As A Guy Calling The Shots
Without going into detail, Lynn called it a “business decision,” and said he didn't take part in the meeting in determining to start Manuel.
General manager Doug Whaley is scheduled to address the media later in the day.
The Bills went 7-9 and extended the NFL's longest active playoff drought to 17 seasons.
Taylor's future is cloudy. In restructuring his contract this year and signing him to a five-year contract extension in August, the Bills retained the right to opt out of the deal by March.
Next season's portion of the contract, worth about $30 million including bonuses, is guaranteed if Taylor is unable to pass his physical.
Taylor said the injury clause plays no role in his decision whether to have surgery or when.
“If that's what I need to get done, I want to get it out of the way. It's not about the guarantee,” he said.
Taylor said it's premature to say whether he'd consider restructuring his contract to remain in Buffalo.
In two seasons, Taylor went 15-14, including a 7-8 record this year.
The benching came after Taylor played his best game, going 26 of 39 for a career-best 329 yards and three touchdowns in a 34-31 overtime loss to Miami.
He finished 269 or 436 for 3,023 yards with 17 touchdowns and six interceptions this season. He also had six rushing TDs.
Taylor has had difficulty rallying the Bills from deficits, going 2-14 in games Buffalo trailed by 4 or more points at any time of the game. A rash of injuries to Buffalo's top receivers, including starter Sammy Watkins, hampered Taylor's production.
He did provide a dynamic running element to team that led the league in rushing for a second consecutive season. Taylor finished with 580 yards rushing to break the single-season franchise record for quarterbacks he set last season with 568.
“Can we be better? Yes. Can I be better? Yes,” Taylor said. “If the decision is to keep me here, I'm definitely going to continue to keep playing my heart out.”
(TM and © Copyright 2017 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
LONDON (AP) — Britain's information commissioner plans to seek a warrant to access servers of data mining firm Cambridge Analytica.
Rumor has it -- literally.
The 141st Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show's Best in Show went to a female German Shepherd from the Herding Group named "Rumor."
"It's unbelievable," Rumor's owner, Kent Boyles, said Tuesday night just moments after the win was announced at Madison Square Garden in midtown Manhattan Tuesday night.
When asked what Rumor's plans are, Boyles said, "She's going to be relaxing for a while, and finding an appropriate husband. There will be puppies in the future."
The story is breaking. Please check back for updates.
The arrest of a Bangladeshi immigrant accused of making a homemade pipe bomb and setting it off in the New York subway system has led to discussion of the nation's immigration system, with President Donald Trump repeating his refrain that it needs to be overhauled in favor of more restrictions.
What you should know:
———
THE BOMBING SUSPECT
Authorities have identified the bombing suspect as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah. Originally from Bangladesh, he arrived in the United States in 2011 and was living in Brooklyn. The Department of Homeland Security says he's a lawful permanent resident of the U.S.
———
HOW HE GOT HERE:
Ullah came to the U.S. on an F43 visa, issued to him through his family connection to an American citizen. The American immigration system allows citizens to apply for certain relatives — spouses, children, parents, siblings and their spouses and minor children — to be allowed to come and live in the U.S. The visas fall under different preferences, or categories; siblings of U.S. citizens come in the fourth preference, the F4, and their children come under F43s.
———
WHAT'S THE HISTORY?
Since a law change in 1965 loosened what had been a very restrictive system, America's immigration policy has been based around giving preference to people with advanced education or skills or those with family ties to U.S. citizens. What that has meant is that as immigrants from places like Asia and Latin America started coming to the U.S. in larger numbers and became citizens, they applied for their family members to join them. Once naturalized, those brought in were able to then sponsor their own relatives.
———
WHAT'S THE CONCERN?
Those who favor restrictions on immigration are in strong opposition to that kind of linked migration. It's an issue that's been brought up in proposed immigration reform legislation before. U.S. Sen. Tom Cotton, of Arkansas, and U.S. Sen. David Perdue, of Georgia, both Republicans, have most recently proposed the RAISE Act, which would limit the number of permanent-resident visas and do away with the ability of citizens to bring over relatives other than spouses and minor children. Immigrant advocates have called the bill an attack on immigrants.
———
WHAT TRUMP SAYS
Trump has made who's allowed into the United States a centerpiece of his presidency, in the form of banning residents from certain countries from traveling to the U.S., calling for the construction of a wall along the Mexican border and limiting the number of refugees allowed in.
After Monday morning's subway explosion, which seriously injured Ullah but no one else, Trump issued a statement saying, "America must fix its lax immigration system, which allows far too many dangerous, inadequately vetted people to access our country. Today's terror suspect entered our country through extended-family chain migration, which is incompatible with national security."
Trump, a Republican, has voiced his support of the RAISE Act.
———
Deepti Hajela covers issues of race, ethnicity and immigration for The Associated Press. Follow her on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/dhajela. For more of her work, search for her name at https://apnews.com
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Monday she would be pleased if Poland's talks with the European Union yielded a solution to the standoff over the country's rule of law record.
During a brief visit to Warsaw, Merkel said she was following the negotiations to avert unprecedented EU sanctions over changes to Poland's judiciary pushed by its conservative government.
"I would be pleased to hear the European Commission say that the talks were fruitful," Merkel said following talks with Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki.
Morawiecki said there was "light in the tunnel" but that an agreement to resolve the dispute over Poland's judicial system "requires understanding on both sides."
The EU triggered a censure procedure in December that could lead to potential sanctions over Poland's judicial overhaul. The European Commission said at the time it was putting Poland on notice that it was at risk of contravening EU law.
However, the leaders of Poland and Germany said Monday that Europe needs unity to be strong. They stressed agreement on issues such as economic cooperation and providing more support to countries that have received the most migrants since a new wave of mass immigration got underway in 2014-2015.
"In the face of the global situation, we understand that our voice will be strong if we have a strong alliance, if we act jointly," Merkel said.
Morawiecki and Merkel also discussed Europe's response to the poisoning in Britain this month of a Russian ex-spy and his adult daughter.
Merkel said she expects European Union leaders to reach "strong conclusions" about the poisoning of Sergei Skripal and his daughter, Yulia, during a summit this week in Brussels.
Significant information points to Russia's responsibility for the nerve agent attack and it's now up to Moscow to prove it wasn't involved, the German chancellor said.
Morawiecki said the entire EU needs to give a firm response so "the Russian aggressor will know that it cannot permit itself to attack a NATO member state, an EU member state."
Russia has rejected allegations that it was behind the poisonings.
The National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council (NDRRMC) on Thursday promised a faster rehabilitation of war-torn Marawi City compared to the recovery efforts after Supertyphoon “Yolanda” devastated Visayas.
“Hindi ko masasabi yung exact time frame nito (I cannot say the exact time frame for this) but we'll do it as fast as we can,” NDRRMC executive director Ricardo Jalad said in an ambush interview in Malacañang.
Jalad said he could not say when the rehabilitation efforts in Marawi City would start as government troops are still trying to flush and wipe out terrorists in the city.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Right now, we are still focusing on the response. We will do that as soon as Marawi is cleared. We will deploy rapid damage and needs assessment teams,” he said.
He said the government has learned its lesson during the rehabilitation of areas devastated by Supertyphoon “Yolanda” and believed the rehabilitation of Marawi would be faster.
“Anyway, Marawi lang to palagay ko mas ano ‘to madali lang ito. It's not like the effects of Yolanda. In that case kasi doon sa Yolanda wala pa tayo masyadong maayos na template or protocol. But with this, natuto na tayo sa experience natin in the past calamities, mapabilis natin yung process natin,” he said.
Presidential Spokesperson Ernesto Abella on Sunday said the government would allocate P10 billion for the rehabilitation of Marawi under the “Bangon Marawi” program.
Abella said the Department of National Defense (DND) would lead the recovery efforts. The P10-billion fund for Marawi rehabilitation “was an approximation given by the President.”
As of June 14, Jalad said 66,738 families composed of 324,406 individuals were displaced from Marawi City and Marantao, municipality of Marantao in Lanao del Sur.
“Of this number of displaced people, only about five percent are checked in or living, staying inside evacuation centers, numbering about 79 evacuation centers, spread out in Lanao del Norte, Lanao del Sur–we also have one in Cagayan de Oro City,” he said.
Jalad said the Department of Social Welfare and Development (DSWD) would have emergency shelter assistance for the repair of the homes ravaged by the conflict. He added the affected persons could also avail of the government's cash-for-work and livelihood assistance. JPV/rga
ADVERTISEMENT
Inquirer calls for support for the victims in Marawi City
Responding to appeals for help, the Philippine Daily Inquirer is extending its relief to victims of the attacks in Marawi City
Cash donations may be deposited in the Inquirer Foundation Corp. Banco De Oro (BDO) Current Account No: 007960018860.
Inquiries may be addressed to Inquirer's Corporate Affairs office through Connie Kalagayan at 897-4426, ckalagayan@inquirer.com.ph and Bianca Kasilag-Macahilig at 897-8808 local 352, bkasilag@inquirer.com.ph.
For donation from overseas:
Inquirer Foundation Corp account:
Inquirer Foundation Corp. Banco De Oro (BDO) Current Account No: 007960018860
Swift Code: BNORPHMM
Uber announced it is yanking its fleet of self-driving cars in San Francisco and three other cities after a deadly crash in Arizona on Sunday.Police in the city of Tempe say the vehicle was in autonomous mode, with an operator behind the wheel when a woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit at the intersection of Curry Road and Mill Avenue.Police identified the victim as Elaine Herzberg, 49. After the accident, she was transported to a local hospital where she passed away from her injuries.Uber issued a statement saying, "Our hearts go out to the victim's family. We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident."The accident has led Uber to pause it operations for all self-driving vehicles in Tempe, San Francisco, Pittsburgh and Toronto.Uber has not said how long it plans to keep those cars off the roads.
The European Asylum Support Office (EASO) published a report on Monday stating that those who left the country to avoid draft evasion should be sent back to do their national service.
The report, which was completed in November 2016 and reviewed by EU Member States, also said that the treatment deserters receive in Eritrea "appears to have become less harsh in recent years."
"Most sources report that first-time offenders are now usually detained for several months. Punishment for deserters from the military part of national service is reportedly more severe than punishment imposed on those deployed in the civilian part. As deserters are not tracked down systematically, a number of them effectively go unpunished," the report states.
As well, the report clarifies that "according to a new, unpublished directive, such returnees are exempt from punishment... The majority of the individuals who have returned according to this directive have...not been persecuted. The few available reports indicate that the authorities treat them similarly as persons apprehended within Eritrea or while leaving illegally.
"For deserters and draft evaders, this means being sent back to national service after several months of detention. Regularization is not necessary for persons who have not reached conscription age yet or who have fulfilled their national service duty already."
Desertion, illegal exit, and draft evasion are the three main reasons Eritrean citizens seek asylum from the countries they infiltrate.
Israel has suffered for several years from Sudanese and Eritrean infiltration. Recently, Former Minister Eli Yishai said there is no reason the Eritreans cannot be sent home safely, and criticized the Israeli government for its lack of action, In addition, a Swiss delegation confirmed returnees face no consequences upon their return to Eritrea.
Though the infiltrators threaten Israeli citizens' security, they recently received a state-of-the-art preschool for their "anchor babies" while the Israeli children in the neighborhood had to use a run-down facility with numerous safety and health hazards.
Interest Successfully Added
We'll notify you here with news about AlertTag
Turn on desktop notifications for breaking stories about interest?
A German couple who disappeared in the Australian Outback were unprepared for the harsh environment and likely died before anyone noticed they were missing, police said on Wednesday.
Northern Territory police launched a search for Gisela and Wilfred Thor on Sunday after a ranger found the couple's car at Trephina Gorge, a nature park northeast of the Outback town of Alice Springs. The couple, who arrived in Australia in early February, had set off for the gorge two days earlier.
Police discovered the body of 76-year-old Wilfred on Monday and his 73-year-old wife the next day.
Police Duty Superintendent Rob Burgoyne told the Australian Broadcasting Corp. on Wednesday that the condition of the bodies indicated the couple probably died their first day at the gorge.
Sgt. Philip Emmett said he retrieved a camera from Wilfred's body that contained a photo of his smiling wife at the gorge. In the photo, Gisela appeared to be in "good spirits" and had a bottle of water, but was not wearing a hat, Emmett said.
Police said the couple strayed from the park's walking track and were unprepared for the rugged environment and searing heat, with temperatures hovering around 40 degrees Celsius (104 degrees Fahrenheit) over the weekend.
Emmett said he believes the couple became disoriented early in their trek and began wandering around in a bid to find their way out of the gorge. For some reason, he said, they then parted ways. Their bodies were found several kilometers (miles) apart.
Their cause of death was not immediately known, but Emmett said there were no suspicious circumstances.
Best of One Foot Tsunami Read a random selection from OFT's very best posts: I Put a Spell on You Check out the full Best Of archive.
Tune in to Just The Tip Hear Paul and his good friend Amy Jane Gruber on their mildly-popular Just The Tip comedy podcast.
Arutz Sheva readers share their Hannukah videos Arutz Sheva readers from around the world answered our challenge and sent their Hanukkah videos. Here are our favorites. Contact Editor ,
Jameson family Hanukkah candle lighting in South Africa
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. employers posted slightly fewer job openings in October than the previous month, but the number of people being hired improved.
The Labor Department says nearly 6 million jobs were available at the end of October, down from 6.18 million in September. Manufacturers, retailers, wholesalers and the information sector advertised fewer jobs.
But total hires rose 4.4 percent to 5.55 million.
The government said last week that employers added a net total of 244,000 jobs in October and 228,000 in November. That partly reflected a recovery in hiring after the hurricanes dragged down jobs gains in September.
Despite the healthy job market, many people are staying in their jobs rather than departing for new ones. The number of quits held steady for a second straight month at 3.18 million.
MISHAWAKA, Ind. (AP) — An electric vehicle startup announced Wednesday that it is retooling an Indiana factory and hopes to conduct trial runs for two new lines of vehicles by the end of the year.
State officials say SF Motors, a Silicon Valley-based subsidiary of China's Chongqing Sokon Industry Group, plans to hire back some workers who were laid off when AM General halted operations at its Mishawaka plant last year.
The company says it will spend $160 million to buy, renovate and retool the factory, which will serve as the company's main U.S. manufacturing plant. It plans to employ up to 467 workers.
To secure the deal, the state of Indiana is offering the company $3.8 million in tax credits and up to $500,000 for worker training. The state is also offering an additional $653,000 in tax credits through a program that encourages companies to take over existing out-of-operation facilities.
Saint Joseph County, where the factory is located, is also considering an economic incentives package for the company.
Republican Gov. Eric Holcomb joined company officials for the announcement on Wednesday.
"With a world of options, we're thrilled SF Motors chose to expand in Indiana. We look forward to witnessing their continued success in Indiana as they develop 21st-century solutions with the help of our talented Hoosier workforce," Holcomb said in a statement.
The South Bend Tribune previously reported that the plant made Mercedes-Benz R-Class vehicles for Chinese buyers and the Hummer H2.
In March, SF Motors officials showed off two crossover SUVs vehicles, the SF5 and SF7, at its Santa Clara, California, headquarters. Both vehicles are slated for production at the Indiana factory.
The plant will handle full production of the vehicles, from body welding to battery production and final assembly.
Fred Armisen may be one of the most versatile performers on TV now. He's currently starring opposite Carrie Brownstein in the quirky IFC comedy series, “Portlandia,” which parodies life in Portland, Oregon.
The show is going strong after seven seasons but there are reports that the series will end soon. Armisen told ABC News that's not necessarily the case.
“People make announcements and then the next thing you know they're getting back together. Bands break up and then they're getting back together. So kind of casually we were like, ‘Oh maybe we'll do eight seasons.' And then it kind of became the official word,” Armisen said in an appearance on “Popcorn with Peter Travers.”
Download the all new "Popcorn with Peter Travers" podcast on iTunes, Google Play Music and Stitcher.
WHAT TO KNOW Fred Armisen appears on Popcorn with Peter Travers
He added, “We're like, ‘Eight seems like the right amount. And we have some control over it.' But I keep seeing comedy groups get back together. Even at 'SNL' (Saturday Night Live) there are a lot of reunions. I said goodbye to SNL. But then I'm on pretty frequently. And I was like, 'This is it, this is my last show ever.' So what I mean to say is there are no goodbyes.”
Most fans will note the great chemistry on screen between Armisen and Brownstein.
“We are constantly laughing. It's really tough. And the crew isn't amused by it. Because we'll laugh and it's not a cutesy thing,” Armisen, 50, told Peter Travers. “Because it's a low budget show. We have to be there at 7. And we have to move on to the next sketch and the next sketch. And when we start laughing it is funny to no one,” he said.
David Fazekas/ABC News
When Travers asked why they haven't taken that same chemistry off screen and become a real-life couple, Armisen explained their unique connection.
“Well, we have such a close great relationship. It's the best thing in my life,” he said. “My problem is with intimacy. That's where I have my biggest problems. But with Carrie I have the most intimate relationship because of the absence of the physical part of it. It actually becomes very physical and very deep. And that's one of the reasons I can forgive myself for my past, because I know that I am able. I have the capability to have a close relationship with someone.”
Be sure to watch the video above for the full interview.
FREMONT, Neb. (AP) — Welina Tong tried wrestling for the first time six years ago and loved the sport so much she was willing to move 4,000 miles from her home in Hawaii to the snowy plains of Nebraska to compete.
She's not alone. She and two other women from the Aloha State are competing this season for Midland University, a 1,400-student private school that is among three dozen small four-year or junior colleges sponsoring varsity women's wrestling programs.
Tong got into the sport quite by accident. She was late for the first day of varsity basketball tryouts her junior year in high school and afraid of facing repercussions from the coach. On her way to the gym she bumped into a friend who persuaded her to try out for wrestling instead. The next year Tong won the state championship at 175 pounds, and Midland assistant coach Antonio Barber was on the phone trying to recruit her.
Now a senior, Tong was one of the first in a line of wrestlers to go to Midland from the private Kamehameha Schools system, which has high school campuses on three Hawaiian islands. Call it the "Wahine Wrestling Pipeline."
A self-described homebody, Tong was hesitant to leave Hilo. But Barber's pitch was convincing, and she was comforted knowing there was a close-knit group of about a dozen athletes from Hawaii already at Midland.
Back home, her friends were a bit confused. For her high school graduation, they made a banner that said, "Good Luck Wrestling in Alaska!"
"An iffy part for me was coming to the mainland for school. That's a big culture shock," Tong said. "I talked to my high school coach, and he said it doesn't matter where you go to college on the mainland. The fact you cross the Pacific Ocean is a huge separation, so what's the difference if you wrestle in Nebraska or just go to school in California?"
There has been a world championship in women's wrestling since 1989, and it became an Olympic sport in 2004. Participation in girls high school wrestling nationally has nearly doubled in the last five years, to more than 14,500. Hawaii in 1998 became the first state to have a sanctioned girl high school championship, and five other states have followed suit. The advocacy organization Wrestle Like A Girl is campaigning for the remaining 44 states to sanction championships.
Women's wrestling is also on track to gain greater recognition at the college level.
A proposal, supported by coach Tom Brands of men's wrestling powerhouse Iowa, was submitted in August to give women's wrestling "emerging sport" status in the NCAA. A vote could be taken in January 2019, NCAA spokeswoman Gail Dent said. If approved, at least 40 schools would have to sponsor women's wrestling within 10 years for it to become an NCAA championship sport.
Women's wrestling already is an emerging sport in the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics, where Midland is among 19 schools offering it. Once that number hits 25 and certain benchmarks regarding rules and athlete eligibility are met, the NAIA would sponsor a national invitational competition. That would be a precursor to championship status once there are 40 schools.
This year, two NAIA conferences held championships for the first time, and the Women's Collegiate Wrestling Association will host its national tournament Feb. 9-10 in Oklahoma City.
Leilani Camargo-Naone represents Midland's best chance for a national title. The sophomore from Wai'anae, on the west side of Oahu, is ranked No. 4 in the nation at 191 pounds and was the only Midland wrestler to win a conference championship. She's 61-9 with 40 pins in her career.
Camargo-Naone said she initially thought softball was going to be her ticket to college. She lost interest in that sport just as she was starting to excel at wrestling. She was offered a scholarship by women's wrestling power Menlo College in California after she won the 184-pound state title in 2016, but she accepted a Midland offer because high school teammate Erin Scheidt and other wrestlers she knows were at the campus some 30 miles west of Omaha.
"They had corn and cold winters," she said. "That's all I knew."
Barber is the connection between Midland and the Kamehameha Schools. He previously coached men's wrestling at the now-closed Dana College in Nebraska. A number of Dana wrestlers were from Hawaii, and when those wrestlers returned to Hawaii and started coaching, they maintained ties with Barber.
Barber works under Dana Vote, the head coach for both the men's and women's programs, but has been in charge of the day-to-day operation of the women's team since 2013. Barber said about 15 women from Hawaii have wrestled at Midland since the program started in 2011, with as many as six on the team at one time. This year's team has 15 wrestlers in all.
Scheidt, who was Camargo-Naone's Kamehameha teammate, ended up at Midland after taking a year off from wrestling. She attended a community college and helped coach at her high school before realizing she missed the competition.
She called Barber, who found a spot on the team for her. Friends wondered why she would want to leave Hawaii to go to Nebraska.
"When you're stuck on an island so long, it's kind of claustrophobic, and you want to get out and explore stuff," she said.
Scheidt, a junior, is 57-28 at Midland with one of her 19 pins coming last year against current U.S. national team member Brittany Marshall of Wayland Baptist. She was ranked as high as No. 7 nationally at 155 pounds this season and hopes to earn All-America status at the WCWA tournament.
"I love this sport, but it's more of a tool to do better in life," Scheidt said. "I'm in the nursing program here, so without wrestling I wouldn't be able to go to school. Without wrestling I wouldn't be who I am."
BAGUIO CITY—Reminding the courts that they need to be “more aware of the machinations used by unscrupulous parties to acquire and title lands in Baguio City,” the Supreme Court (SC) has invalidated seven transfer certificates of title (TCT) awarded to a local property owner for lands that grew in size from about 1.181 hectares (11,810 square meters) to 66.0554 ha (660,554 sqm).
The Land Registration Authority and a land validation committee concluded as far back as 2002 and 2006 that the lots covered by the TCT issued to Gloria Rodriguez de Guzman were fraudulently expanded using a property resurvey.
But in 2009, the Court of Appeals (CA) approved the validation of five of seven TCT in Barangay Dontogan and Apugan here, despite the objections of the Office of the Solicitor General and residents of these villages.
ADVERTISEMENT
The appeals court originally ruled against De Guzman in a 2007 decision where it concluded that “expanded areas of the lots covered by [her] titles, which were only included within the title as a result of the subdivision of the lots covered by the mother titles, cannot be validated.”
In a December 2016 order released last week, the SC's second division reversed parts of the CA ruling on De Guzman's land stake.
“As in this case, parties obtained more land through a resurvey of property. They filed an action of proceeding to ‘correct' the technical descriptions or the supporting survey plans. Trial courts become participants in this scheme,” said the order penned by SC Associate Justice Marvic Leonen.
“These machinations brought about by the clearly erroneous application of doctrine should stop. Otherwise, genuine property owners in Baguio City will forever be unsure of possible land grabbing,” the order said.
These lands were being marketed by a subdivision developer in 2006 until then Mayor Braulio Yaranon, a retired judge, denounced the supposed fraud.
When the CA reversed itself and ruled in De Guzman's favor in 2009, residents of Dontogan, Apugan and Outlook Drive protested and picketed the CA's summer compound here.
The SC said the lands covered by De Guzman's TCT were also subjects of a legal controversy in 1912, three years after Baguio was declared a chartered city by the American colonial government.
Baguio, built from the ground up by the Americans, was populated through the auction of townsite lands.
ADVERTISEMENT
However, before all townsite lands were classified as alienable public lands, the director of lands filed Benguet Civil Registration Case No. 1, General Land Record Office No. 211, with the Court of First Instance (CFI) on April 12, 1919, to first settle or adjudicate private land claims.
On Nov. 13, 1922, the CFI decreed “all lands, buildings and real rights within the Baguio townsite reservation, as public properties,” and declared “all private claims not pursued in said proceedings as barred forever,” except for established reservations and private lots awarded by the court.
Following a series of legal cases involving unresolved private land claims, then President Ferdinand Marcos issued Presidential Decree No. 1271 which “reiterated the nullity of the titles.”
This provided “innocent third parties the opportunity to have their properties validated by the Presidential Decree (PD) No. 1271 committee, also called the Baguio validation committee,” the SC said.
De Guzman's acquisitions were from titled properties nullified by PD 1271 and “did not enjoy the presumption of regularity accorded to all transfer certificates of title,” the court said, stressing that “by law, they were considered invalid unless validated by the Baguio validation committee.”
“On Aug. 31, 2006, the Baguio validation committee disapproved [De Guzman's] applications for validation on account of the expanded areas above the original size covered by the mother titles,” the SC said.
“We rule that … the statement made in [De Guzman's] applications that the properties were acquired by purchase is false. The expanded areas were acquired only through a resurvey of the properties. This is a valid ground to disallow the validation of the transfer certificates of title,” the high court ruled.
“Transfer Certificates of Title Nos. T-12826, T-12827, T-12828, T-12829, T-12830, T-12831, and T-12832 must, thus, be denied validation.”
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements.
NFL Chief Security Officer Cathy Lanier says this is the first time remote satellite checkpoints are being used for a Super Bowl, and she says it's by far the easiest way to get to the game. Fans can be screened at the Mall of America, then take a light rail to U.S. Bank Stadium.
Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen says there's no threat to the Super Bowl. But people will see more security.
Rick Thornton, special agent in charge with the FBI, says it is game time for law enforcement. He says authorities have planned for every scenario and are ready.
The camp of Vice President Leni Robredo has asked the Supreme Court, sitting as the Presidential Electoral Tribunal (PET), to allow her to pay the cash deposit for her counterprotest at a later time pending determination of the merits of the poll protest filed by losing candidate former Sen. Bongbong Marcos.
Lawyer Romulo Macalintal, Robredo's counsel, said the usual procedure was for the protestant (Marcos) to pay the cash deposit first for the opening of the ballots.
“Mr. Marcos would have to demonstrate that he could recover ballots sufficient to overcome the vote lead of Vice President Robredo,” Macalintal said in a press briefing on Monday.
ADVERTISEMENT
The PET has ordered Marcos to pay P66 million for the precincts covered by his protest while Robredo was ordered to pay P15 million for her counterprotest.
The cash deposits can be made in two tranches with the first installment due on April 14.
“Under the rules, the PET will direct Marcos to choose three provinces for the initial reception of evidence. And if there is basis for the protest, then that's the time we will talk about the deposits,” Macalintal said.
In their manifestation, Macalintal said Marcos should even pay P185 million since the first cause of action of his protest questioned the integrity of the vote counting machines in all 92,509 clustered precincts equivalent to 369,138 established precincts.
Meanwhile, Marcos on Monday went to the Supreme Court to personally witness the payment of P36 million in filing fee for his election protest against Robredo.
The son and namesake of the late dictator Ferdinand Marcos claimed the money did not come from his own pocket, but was raised by 40 of his friends and supporters as he could not immediately come up with the amount set by the high court.
Among those who donated for his filing fee were a certain Alfredo Roa and Ruby Diaz Roa, who, as Marcos admitted, could be related to President Duterte.
“My friends and others who are close to me initiated it. They were the ones who went around to get help, support and collected the money for us to come up with P36 million,” Marcos told reporters.—ERIKA SAULER AND MARLON RAMOS
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Interest Successfully Added
We'll notify you here with news about AlertTag
Turn on desktop notifications for breaking stories about interest?
The Epoch release is likely to ship in September, and keep “unstable” features separate from the Rust 2018 production version
The Rust language is on track for several key new capabilities this year. A draft roadmap for the Mozilla-sponsored language would polish and stabilize all existing features, including impl Trait , macros 2.0, SIMD, generators, custom registries in the Cargo package manager, and nonlexical lifetimes, as well as revamp modules. And tools such as the Rust Language Server (RLS), the rustfmt code formatter, libraries, and documentation would be brought to 1.0 release status. The Rust 2018 release, aka Epoch, might also have build-system integration improvements.
Rust 2018 would likely ship in September, according Mozilla's draft roadmap.
Because the intent is to have only stable features in Rust 2018, Mozilla may deliver other new capabilities separately from Rust 2018. Such “unstale” features could include outside A const generics, generic associated types, and specialization, permitting multiple impl blocks to apply to the same trait as long as one of the blocks is more specific than the other.
Mozilla's work this year on the Rust compiler is set complete language features and make improvements to compile times and error messages. Building the rustfix tool, to read and apply messages from rustc and third-party lint tools, is also a goal. Rust's library ecosystem, meanwhile, would get investments in quality, discoverability, and domain-specific content.
The draft roadmap focuses on four domains for Rust this year:
The WebAssembly portable code format.
Network services, which is the language's predominant production usage domain.
CLI (command-line interface) apps, which could benefit from Rust's portability, ergonomics, and reliability.
Embedded devices.
Transcript for Woman rescues trapped ducklings from storm drain
Hey yeah wouldn't that it wouldn't. Not all that and the Walton. It. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. A is subtle until our bull. Gay is that I'm here. Prominent Armageddon. Yeah. Powell. Who have us and get a minute an eighteen say it. I didn't yeah.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Transcript for 5 years after tragedy, family members of Sandy Hook shooting victims work for change
It has been five years since that unspeakable tragedy in Newtown, Connecticut. You remember sandy hook elementary school. A gunman killed 20 children, six adults. That is the scene and, Amy, you reported from there that whole horrific week. You recently went back and spoke with many familys affected. I was nervous about this assignment. I was concerned about how I would feel sitting down with the people who had lost something that they none of us could imagine. Their children. What that could be like. I was so affected covering the story when it happened but I walked away feeling so inspired by those people who have turned an unimaginable tragedy into an incredible mission. Who can forget the mind-numbing horror of Newtown, Connecticut. It is certainly so difficult here in Newtown. Reporter: The sandy hook elementary school where 20 young children and 6 adults were murdered five years ago this week, the mass shooting we hoped would be the last. I can't imagine your reaction when you turn on the news and you see another one. I have made a very deliberate decision to invest every fiber of my being into trying to prevent that from happening again. Reporter: Mark lost his son Daniel that day. He called him his special little buddy. My one little Daniel in his life affected so many people in a positive way but in his murder has affected I can't even tell you. Reporter: While some parents and groups made sandy hook a battle cry for gun reform and an assault weapons ban, Barden co-founded the sandy hook promise, a foundation whose goal is to prevent shootings and violence in school at its root. We are training people, students, parents, teachers, how to recognize the warning signs that people give off before they hurt themself. Before they hurt somebody else. Can everyone in the back room hear me. Reporter: Students are learning different ways to reach out to each other. Nice to meet you. Reporter: And make sure no one is isolated or alone. A remarkable and sometimes even joyful lesson, born from a national tragedy. Several loved ones from sandy hook have made it their mission. We know that these acts of violence are preventable and we feel responsible to teach people how to prevent them from happening. Reporter: Nicole Hockley lost her son Dylan who she calls her butterfly. Being autistic, he would flap his airports up and down whenever he got excited which was pretty much all the time and I asked him once why do you flap? And he said because I'm awe beautiful butterfly. Reporter: Also killed five years ago bill Sherlock's wife Mary, the school psychologist. And in Mary's honor you are trying to prevent this from happening. We've already done it. There's been a number of school shootings that we know we've thwarted. I imagine you probably think what would Mary think if she saw all of this. I hope she would be very proud. We have have been given a whole lot of lemons and we're just making a whole lot of lemonade and doing everything we can to hopefully make her proud ofus, yeah. Reporter: The sandy hook promise has a new eye-opening psa which looks at seeing the signs before a shooting. It is not a comfortable piece to watch. But you know what, gun violence isn't comfortable. ??? So I'm giving it all I got ??? Reporter: Also to commemorate the fifth anniversary of sandy hook Sheryl crow has written and recorded a very special song to honor those lost. ??? Beautiful inside ??? Reporter: With a message for those left behind to keep going. For Dylan else always keep going and to ensure that more mops and dads out there can continue to hug their kids every single night for the rest of their lives I will keep going. ??? Boy, you are right. They are defining inspiration.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Bobby Knight. Don King. Sylvester Stallone.
Many of President-elect Donald Trump's cultural touchstones, which he'd frequently name-drop at campaign rallies and on Twitter, were at their peak in the 1980s — the decade Trump's celebrity status rose in New York, Trump Tower was built, "The Art of the Deal" was published and he first flirted with running for public office.
The "Go Go 1980s" of New York were spurred by Wall Street's rise. It was a brash decade in which excess was the norm and ostentatious displays of wealth and power were celebrated in pop culture and among Manhattan's elite. And while much of what defined the 1980s has since gone out of style, Trump has seemingly internalized its ethos, which is reflected in the decor of the Trump Tower lobby and the celebrities he stood alongside during the campaign.
An outer-borough New York developer trying to prove himself across the East River, Trump always sought approval of Manhattan's ruling class and was eager to make a name for himself, according to those who tangled with him during that formative decade.
"He would relentlessly promote himself in the newspapers or on TV. He knew how to get press and squash his enemies," said Geoge Arzt, press secretary for former New York City Mayor Ed Koch, who served from 1978 to 1989. The me-first attitude that defined the 1980s "has long been a part of who Trump is," Arzt added.
In the 1980s, as Trump came of age as a public figure, he opened up a refurbished Grand Hyatt on 42nd Street, took over the long-stalled renovation of Central Park's ice skating rink and purchased the New York-area team in the fledgling United States Football League.
He fashioned himself into a regular in the gossip pages, playing the city's tabloids off each other as he promoted his personal brand. He also took his first steps onto the national media stage, making his debut on "60 Minutes" in 1985. The long-running news magazine broadcast has continued to hold a special place in his heart. Several times at rallies, Trump invoked a "60 Minutes" segment he had just watched and he gave his first post-election interview to the show last month. That show was at its apex in the ratings in the 1980s.
Time Magazine, which also wielded significant clout in the 1980s, also has remained an obsession for Trump.
The celebrity businessman, who complained in recent years that he wasn't named the magazine's Person of the Year, received the award in 2016. He called it a "very, very great honor." That marked his eighth time on the cover this year alone — something that Trump would brag about during campaign rallies. He has taken to giving out autographed copies of the cover to visitors, including rapper Kanye West.
But while West is a current megastar, Trump mostly chose to trot out 1980s celebrities during his campaign, even if many of them had seen their star fade in the ensuing 30 years.
Knight, the former Indiana University basketball coach who captured college basketball national titles in 1981 and 1987 but was later fired for attacking a student, became a favorite sidekick. He first appeared with Trump during the spring's Indiana primary and reappeared at rallies in the Midwest during the general election stretch run.
"One of the reasons I won: Bobby Knight! That's the gold standard, right?" Trump exclaimed in August.
King, the flamboyant boxing promoter who hyped Mike Tyson's 1980s fights, was also saluted by Trump as "a phenomenal person" despite a conviction for manslaughter. King appeared with Trump in September at a Cleveland church and stood with the president-elect last week while Trump was answering questions from the press at his Palm Beach resort.
Trump has been drawn to other 1980s stars. Tyson endorsed the celebrity businessman. Actor Scott Baio, an outspoken Trump supporter, reached the zenith of his fame in the 1980s with the shows "Happy Days" and "Charles in Charge." And on Saturday, actor Sylvester Stallone — who starred in three "Rambo" movies and two "Rocky" sequels in the 1980s — was a star guest at Trump's New Year's Eve bash at Mar-a-Lago, the lush Florida estate Trump bought in 1985 two years after he opened Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue in New York.
Much of Trump's political philosophy was formed in the 1980s too. In 1987 as he first floated running for president, he took out a full page ad wondering why the U.S. was "paying to defend countries that can afford to defend themselves." His frequent depictions of inner cities as dangerous and crime-ridden seem to to harken to the crack-plagued life of urban areas in the 1980s, more than the largely safer big cities of today.
In "The Art of the Deal," he voiced positions on trade he still holds today. That book, which made him a household name when it was published in 1987, also holds many of the principles that guided Trump's business career — and, decades later, his bombastic campaign for the White House.
"I play into people's fantasies," he wrote. "People may not always think big themselves, but they can still get very excited by those who do. That's why a little hyperbole never hurts. People want to believe that something is the biggest and the greatest and the most spectacular."
———
Reach Lemire on Twitter at http://twitter.com/@JonLemire
NBN is preparing to offer higher speed services to premises connected using its newest fixed-line technology, fibre to the curb (FTTC).
The company is planning to offer higher speeds for FTTC-connected premises based on G.fast in Q4. NBN will offer higher speeds both for Traffic Class 4 (standard broadband) and its TC-2 business-grade products.
The company is expected to focus at least initially on offering faster speeds to the enterprise market, rather than to FTTC-connected households.
NBN previously indicated it would seek to launch G.fast services in 2017 following a 2015 trial of the technology.
The G.fast standard, which was approved in late 2014, can deliver “fibre-like speeds” within 400 metres of a distribution point, according to the ﻿International Telecommunication Union.
The standard is designed for broadband technologies that still rely on twisted-pair copper wiring to hook up premises. G.fast can offer up to 1 gigabit per second over 100 metres of copper, and up to 400 megabits per second over 300 metres.
Initially NBN is likely to deliver sub-gigabit speeds with G.fast.
Earlier this year the company announced it was bringing forward its plans to offer an enterprise Ethernet product for businesses with fibre to the premises connections. That offering will also launch in Q4.
FTTC is the newest of the technologies that currently comprise NBN's fixed-line broadband portfolio.
NBN earlier this month announced the commercial launch of FTTC National Broadband Network services. The company is undertaking a conservative, phased rollout of FTTC services, beginning in two suburbs while it works to “optimise the customer experience”.
Currently the technology is expected to be used to connect around 1.5 million households and businesses, after NBN earlier in April revealed it would shift 440,000 premises from its planned fibre to the node (FTTN) and hybrid fibre-coaxial (HFC) footprints to FTTC.
BC-BBA--Top Ten
BASEBALL'S TOP TEN By The Associated Press AMERICAN LEAGUE G AB R H Pct. Betts Bos 48 184 52 66 .359 Brantley Cle 44 181 30 62 .343 Simmons LAA 53 197 32 66 .335 Altuve Hou 56 229 33 76 .332 Segura Sea 51 218 37 72 .330 MMachado Bal 55 215 30 70 .326 JMartinez Bos 53 205 36 66 .322 Castellanos Det 51 204 28 65 .319 MDuffy TB 39 156 10 49 .314 Ramos TB 42 159 16 49 .308 Home Runs
Trout, Los Angeles, 18; JMartinez, Boston, 18; JoRamirez, Cleveland, 17; Betts, Boston, 17; MMachado, Baltimore, 16; Gallo, Texas, 15; Judge, New York, 15; KDavis, Oakland, 13; Encarnacion, Cleveland, 13; 4 tied at 12.
Runs Batted In
JMartinez, Boston, 47; MMachado, Baltimore, 45; JoRamirez, Cleveland, 40; Judge, New York, 40; Lowrie, Oakland, 39; Haniger, Seattle, 39; KDavis, Oakland, 38; Benintendi, Boston, 38; Betts, Boston, 37; 2 tied at 36.
Pitching
Kluber, Cleveland, 8-2; Morton, Houston, 7-0; Severino, New York, 7-1; Porcello, Boston, 7-2; Verlander, Houston, 7-2; Happ, Toronto, 7-3; Snell, Tampa Bay, 7-3; Rodriguez, Boston, 6-1; Tanaka, New York, 6-2; 2 tied at 6-3.
SPRINGFIELD, Mass. (AP) – A Massachusetts police department is investigating a Facebook comment by an officer who wrote “Hahahaha love this” in response to a story about a car crashing into counter-protesters at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, killing one person and injuring at least 19 others.
Springfield Police Commissioner John Barbieri says he received a complaint about the comment Sunday and opened an internal investigation.
Democratic Mayor Domenic Sarno says: “There is no place for this in our society, let alone from a Springfield Police Officer.”
Officer Conrad Lariviere wrote in response to the violence: “Hahahaha love this, maybe people shouldn't block road ways.”
In a Facebook interview with Masslive.com, Lariviere says he's a “good man who made a stupid comment.”
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Partnerships with local workforce employers was the topic of discussion at the Howard County Junior College District Board of Trustees meeting Monday.
The board met in the Tumbleweed Room of the Howard College Student Union Building at 12:30 p.m. Monday.
At the meeting, the board discussed an upcoming meeting between the college, local school district administration, and area employers; designed to make sure that local education is in line with the workforce needs of local industry.
"The college board and the three independent school district boards of trustees had a joint meeting back in February. Part of that discussion was ways that we continue to work together to align what we're delivering in the way of education for our workforce," said Howard College President Dr. Cheryl Sparks.
For the full story, please see Tuesday's edition of the Herald.
South Orange County Gem and Mineral Society (SOCGEMS) will hold its monthly meeting from 7:15 p.m. to 9:30 p.m. on June 23 at the San Clemente Community Center, located at 100 N. Calle Seville.
The topics of discussion will center on turquoise, which will be presented by Dayton Simmons, a turquoise trader from New Mexico who has spoken throughout the U.S. Simmons speaks around the country on the criteria of education from the Gemological Institute of America. He will bring many samples and will have items for sale. Bring your own turquoise to be identified. Admission is free, and refreshments will be served.
For more information, visit www.socgems.com.
Every morning, 92-year-old Sidney Kramer wraps a blood pressure cuff around his arm and steps on a scale, and readings of his heart health beam to a team of nurses — and to his daughter's smartphone — miles from his Maryland home.
Red flags? A nurse immediately calls, a form of telemedicine that is helping Kramer live independently by keeping his congestive heart failure under tight control.
"It's reassuring both psychologically and physically. The way he's put it to me, it's like having a doctor appointment every morning," said Miriam Dubin, Kramer's daughter.
The vast majority of older Americans and their caregivers are ready to give virtual health care a try: Nearly 9 in 10 adults age 40 and over would be comfortable using at least one type of telemedicine for themselves or an aging loved one, says a new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research.
But they want to make sure that an e-visit or other remote care is just as good as they'd get in person, and that their health information stays private, according to the survey released Thursday.
Long considered an option mainly for improving access to health care in rural areas with few doctors, telemedicine is gaining ground with tech-savvy younger consumers — they text their physician with questions or Skype with a mild complaint. For seniors with chronic illnesses or mobility problems that make simply reaching a doctor's office an ordeal, telehealth could be more than a convenience. The graying population is raising serious questions about how the nation will provide enough quality long-term care.
But while private insurance often covers a video visit or other digital health care, seniors have had a harder time because Medicare tightly restricts what it will pay for.
That's starting to change, with a law Congress passed last winter that expands Medicare coverage for such options as video visits to diagnose stroke symptoms or check on home dialysis patients. Also, Medicare Advantage programs used by a third of beneficiaries can start offering additional telehealth options.
"While the interest is huge, one of the big barriers remains reimbursement," said Johns Hopkins University telemedicine chief Dr. Ingrid Zimmer-Galler, who has turned to grants to help fund such services as telepsychiatry for dementia patients. The new law "is really a huge step in the right direction. It certainly doesn't cover everything."
Costs are a major issue for people who need ongoing living assistance. Less than a third of adults age 40 and over have set aside any money for their future long term care needs, the AP-NORC survey shows, and more than half mistakenly think they'll be able to rely on Medicare to help cover nursing care or home health aides.
Telemedicine will have to replace in-person care, not add to it, to help with those costs, cautioned Zimmer-Galler.
As access for seniors promises to grow, the AP-NORC Center poll shows widespread interest in telehealth. More than half of adults of all ages would be comfortable with a video visit via Skype or FaceTime to discuss medications, for ongoing care of a chronic illness or even for an urgent health concern.
In fact, adults 40 and older are just as open to at least some forms of telemedicine as those under 40, with one exception: The older crowd is slightly less comfortable discussing health care by text.
Among caregivers, 87 percent say they'd be interested in using at least one form of telemedicine for that person's medical needs.
"I think the parents would be happier at home instead of being in the doctor's office waiting an hour to see a doctor for 15 minutes," said Don Withey of Courtland, New York, who helps his 92-year-old father and 89-year-old mother get to their appointments. But, "we don't know much more about it other than the fact you can talk to a doctor over the computer or smartphone."
Just 12 percent of adults say they wouldn't use any form of telemedicine.
There are concerns. More than 30 percent of people worry about privacy or the security or health information. About half fear that telemedicine could lead to lower-quality care, the poll found.
"It's not about having a video screen or Skype in the home or even a blood pressure cuff in the home. It's about the team that's behind it and the clinicians who are supporting the care of that patient," said Rachel DeSantis, chief of staff at Johns Hopkins Home Care Group, which provides the 92-year-old Kramer's remote monitoring.
The Hopkins program provides no-cost monitoring for a month or two to select high-risk patients after a hospitalization because research found it reduces their chances of readmission.
When the monitor recorded Kramer's weight creeping up one week, nurses immediately knew it was a fluid build-up, a heart failure symptom that needed quick treatment. The machine is programmed for some educational feedback, too.
Dubin says her dad learned quickly when to cut back. "If he enjoys a pastrami sandwich one day, he can see his numbers may be higher the next day."
Dubin says the reassurance was worth privately paying, about $250 a month, to keep the monitoring once Kramer's initial time in the program ended.
———
The survey was conducted March 13 to April 5 by The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research, with funding from the SCAN Foundation.
It involved interviews in English and Spanish with 1,945 adults, including 1,522 adults age 40 and over, who are members of NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. Results from the full survey have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3.3 percentage points.
———
Online:
AP-NORC long term care polls: http://www.longtermcarepoll.org/
LOS ANGELES (AP) — As Southern California enters its second week engulfed in flames, fire officials anticipate more growth and danger due to continued strong wind gusts, no rain and decades-old dry vegetation.
A powerful flare-up on the western edge of the largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday, as wind-fanned flames ripped down hillsides toward coastal towns northwest of Los Angeles. New evacuations were ordered as the fire sent up an enormous plume near Montecito and Carpinteria, seaside areas in Santa Barbara County.
“The winds are kind of squirrely right now,” said county fire spokesman Mike Eliason. “Some places the smoke is going straight up in the air, and others it's blowing sideways. Depends on what canyon we're in.”
Southern California's gusty Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region's most disastrous wildfires. They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean, speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons.
Gusts of up to 40 mph (64 kph) are expected through Monday, according to the National Weather Service.
Containment increased Sunday on other major blazes in Los Angeles, Riverside and San Diego counties. Resources from those fires were diverted to the Santa Barbara foothills to combat the 270-square-mile (699-sq. kilometer) fire that started Dec. 4 in neighboring Ventura County.
As of late Sunday, the Thomas Fire had destroyed 790 structures and damaged 191.
Fires are not typical in Southern California this time of year but can break out when dry vegetation and too little rain combine with the Santa Ana winds. Though the state emerged this spring from a yearslong drought, hardly any measurable rain has fallen in the region over the past six months.
“This is the new normal,” Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown warned Saturday after surveying damage from the deadly Ventura fire. The governor and experts said climate change is making wildfires a year-round threat.
High fire risk is expected to last into January.
The air thick with acrid smoke, even residents of areas not under evacuation orders took the opportunity to leave, fearing another shutdown of U.S. 101, a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week. Officials handed out masks to residents who stayed behind in Montecito, the wealthy hillside enclave that's home to celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Rob Lowe.
“Our house is under threat of being burned,” Ellen DeGeneres tweeted at midday Sunday. “We just had to evacuate our pets. I'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters.”
Ojai experienced hazardous levels of smoke at times and officials warned of unhealthy air for large swaths of the region. The South Coast Air Quality Management District urged residents to stay indoors if possible and avoid vigorous outdoor activities.
In San Diego, which is 130 miles (209 kilometers) to the south, the Lilac Fire was 75 percent contained. The flames erupted suddenly Thursday in the Fallbrook area, known for its avocado groves and horse stables in the rolling hills.
The fire swept through the San Luis Rey Downs training center, where it killed more than 40 elite thoroughbred race horses, and destroyed more than 100 homes — most of them in a retirement community. Three people were burned trying to escape the fire that continued to smolder Sunday.
Despite the size and number of wildfires burning in the region, there has only been one confirmed death: A 70-year-old woman, who crashed her car on an evacuation route, is attributed to the fire in Santa Paula, a small city where the Thomas Fire began.
Most of last week's fires were in places that burned in the past, including one in the ritzy Los Angeles neighborhood of Bel-Air that burned six homes and another in the city's rugged foothills above the community of Sylmar and in Santa Paula.
___
Associated Press writers Elliot Spagat in Fallbrook and Brian Melley and Robert Jablon in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 49 34 12 3 71 175 125 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 49 20 23 6 46 129 156 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Winnipeg 50 29 13 8 66 164 136 Nashville 47 29 11 7 65 145 123 St. Louis 51 30 18 3 63 148 130 Dallas 50 28 18 4 60 155 134 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 Chicago 49 23 19 7 53 146 136 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 Los Angeles 49 26 18 5 57 139 121 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Tampa Bay at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Montreal at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Chicago at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Vegas at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
The Justice Department settled with Z Street, a right-wing pro-Israel group that was for years denied tax exempt status.
The group complained that its 2009 application for US tax-exempt status was being unduly scrutinized because of its connection to Israel. It was granted in 2016.
In a statement, the Justice Department did not detail the settlement, but said the settlement agreement “includes an apology from the IRS to Z Street for the delayed processing of the group's application for tax-exempt status.”
The Justice Department statement also suggested that Z Street's positions on Israel might also have been a factor in delaying its tax-exempt status. “Tax exemption eligibility should be based on whether an organization's activities fulfill requirements of the law, not a group's policy positions or the name chosen to reflect those views,” it said.
In a Wall Street Journal op-ed published Friday, Lori Lowenthal Marcus, a founder of Z Street, said the initial source of the lengthy review was an outdated IRS list of countries where there may be fund-raising for terrorism, requiring further review for tax-exemption for groups fund-raising in relation to those countries. Israel appeared on the old list. An updated list had removed Israel.
The Trump administration has settled a number of cases brought by groups alleging that they were denied tax exempt status for political reasons. Audits in recent years by the office of inspector general for tax administration faulted the IRS for flagging groups based on little more than words in their names. It found that the practice spanned administrations and targeted both liberal and conservative groups.
By Abby Hassler
Justin Bieber took to social media today (August 14) to announce he will be dropping a new single this Thursday.
Related: Justin Bieber Politely Warns Paparazzi to ‘Stay Clear' of His Moving Vehicle
The “Sorry” singer posted the cover art for the new track “Friends,” which features a collaboration with Bloodpop (aka producer/songwriter Michael Tucker). This announcement comes after Bieber canceled the rest of his Purpose world tour last month.
Check out the post below.
Authorities in China's far western Xinjiang region say eight people were killed, including three assailants, in the latest outbreak of violence in the volatile region.
According to a statement posted on the local government's website, the attack occurred Tuesday evening in Pishan county in southern Xinjiang, home to China's ethnic Uighur minority. It said the three also injured five others before police killed them.
Uighurs are predominantly Muslim, Turkic-speaking people who have long chafed under the rule of Beijing, more than 1,800 miles (3,000 km) away from the provincial capital of Urumqi. The government statement did not identify the attackers or say whether they were linked to Uighur separatists who have been blamed for previous attacks in Chinese cities.
Calls to local police went unanswered Wednesday.
BAKU, Azerbaijan (AP) — The subway in Azerbaijan's capital has suspended service in the wake of a massive blackout in the Caspian Sea nation.
The authorities said the Baku subway will be closed for the entire day Wednesday due to unstable power supply. City officials provided extra buses to help commuters.
The power outage hit the ex-Soviet nation early Tuesday when a transformer at one of the nation's power plants caught fire. It was the worst blackout in Azerbaijan since the 1991 Soviet collapse, and energy workers were struggling for a second day to restore supply.
President Ilham Aliyev has set up a government commission to investigate the reasons behind the blackout.
When you buy theater tickets, you might wonder if you'll have a good view of the stage. However, for those with disabilities, other factors are far more important.Aileen Weissblum saw Disney's 'The Lion King' when it first opened on Broadway 20 years ago. She was thrilled when the show came to San Francisco. However, she bought expensive seats from an authorized seller only to find out she couldn't possibly use them.Aileen wanted to take her granddaughter, an aspiring dancer to see the show."This would be a wonderful show for her to explore the possibilities of dance and theater,"Aileen got a friend to help her buy tickets. He found three for sale on vividseats.com, but with all the service fees they cost more than $600 and even worse, Aileen realized she could never use them."I'm 92 years old and my ability to walk that far was impossible."The seats were located way up in the balcony. Aileen uses a walker, cannot climb that many stairs, and the Orpheum Theater has no elevator."They said there's nothing we can do about it, we've already collected the money from your credit card," Aileen said."The fine print basically says we don't refund under any circumstances," Aileen's daughter Lynn Smith said.Smith, who lives in Washington State tried to help but says Vivid would not exchange the seats or refund her mom's money.She contacted the theater directly, and Aileen contacted 7 On Your Side."I felt I had a legitimate complaint," Aileen said.SHN which operates the theater did come through, exchanging the balcony seats for three seats in the orchestra section.SHN tells us it does provide accessible seating as required under the Americans with Disabilities Act.Online seating charts identify wheelchair accessible seats. The company also provides discounted orchestra seats for those with limited mobility, like Aileen.Vivid does let you check for wheelchair access by hovering a mouse over the seat selection. It did not say why it did not exchange the seats when she requested it, saying "we were able to secure ADA seating for Ms. Weissblum and we always take care of our customers."So, in a circle of life happy ending, Aileen, her daughter, and granddaughter headed to the big show, and they say it was spectacular.We found the best way to ensure accessible seating is to book directly with the theater. SHN also stages special performances for the hearing impaired. We should also note that the Lion King is a production of Disney which owns ABC 7.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
BRUSSELS (AP) — European Union countries are complicit in the abuse of migrants held in Libya, Amnesty International said in a report released Tuesday that accused the EU of turning a blind eye to allegedly brutal tactics of the Libyan coast guard and dangerous detention facilities.
The human rights group also alleged that the Libyan coast guard accepted kickbacks from smugglers to let migrant boats leave for Europe. Amnesty said it had video and other documentary evidence that a boat donated by Italy was involved in an interception operation in which up to 50 people drowned.
"European governments have not just been fully aware of these abuses," Amnesty Europe Director John Dalhuisen said. "By actively supporting the Libyan authorities in stopping sea crossings and containing people in Libya, they are complicit in these crimes."
Overwhelmed by the arrival of more than 1 million migrants in 2015, the EU has worked with Libya and its neighbors to cut off the main migration route from Africa to Europe. Its strategy has including training and equipping Libya's coast guard to stop boats trying to make the dangerous Mediterranean Sea crossing.
The moves have trapped an estimated 20,000 migrants in Libya, where detention facilities are overcrowded and unsanitary, Amnesty International said.
EU officials have rejected criticism of Europe's approach to curbing immigration and say the bloc's money has been channeled into Libya through United Nations agencies. Only about 150 of Libya's 3,000 coast guard members have received training sponsored by the bloc, the EU said.
The EU's border agency, Frontex, reported Monday that the number of migrants making it to Europe through the central Mediterranean route from Libya to Italy dropped by one-third during the first 11 months of the year, to around 116,400, compared to the same period in 2016. Most were Nigerians, Frontex said.
Amnesty said the report was based on interviews with dozens of migrants and officials.
The group said it also reviewed video, photographs and documents showing that in at least one incident, the crew of a boat Italy donated to Libya's coast guard failed to deploy lifeboats for migrants it encountered.
While trying to climb up the high sides of the vessel, the Ras Jadir, many passengers fell into the water and about 50 drowned, Amnesty said. Recordings also showed rescued migrants being whipped on the coast guard ship, the rights group alleged.
It said some migrants onboard jumped into the water to try to reach rafts deployed by a non-governmental organization's rescue boat.
"European governments have shown where their true priorities lie: namely, the closure of the central Mediterranean route, with scant regard to the suffering caused," Dalhuisen said.
SHAH ALAM, Malaysia (AP) — A lawyer says the Vietnamese woman accused of killing the North Korean leader's half brother told police she realized she had been used to murder him after she was detained.
Doan Thi Huong and co-defendant Siti Aisyah from Indonesia were charged with murder after Kim Jong Nam died at Kuala Lumpur's airport last year. They could face the death penalty if convicted, but not if they lacked intent to kill.
The court heard Tuesday that Huong thought she was playing a harmless prank for a hidden camera show.
Lawyer Hisyam Teh Poh Teik said Huong told police she didn't know the oily liquid given to her by a Korean man was VX nerve agent and she washed her hands after smearing Kim's face because the substance was smelly and uncomfortable.
BEIRUT (AP) — Tens of thousands of people have turned out for a Hezbollah rally in southern Beirut called to protest President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
The rally on Monday, one of several large demonstrations recently held across the Middle East to protest the move, was called by Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah.
The protesters marched through the southern suburbs of Beirut, a Hezbollah stronghold, waving flags and chanting in support of the Palestinians, who claim east Jerusalem as the capital of their future state.
The rally came a day after a violent protest outside the U.S. Embassy in Beirut, where security forces fired tear gas and water cannons at rowdy protesters who pelted them with stones. The protesters were hundreds of meters (yards) from the embassy.
Recent revelations regarding the censure and resignation of Niagara Peninsula Conservation Authority board member Bill Hodgson have created more questions than answers. Earlier this week, our sister paper Niagara This Week obtained a copy of a redacted version of a confidential report done by legal firm Gowling WLG which led to Hodgson's departure from the NPCA in 2017.
Hodgson, a regional councillor for Lincoln, had been accused of undermining the process involved in hiring a company to conduct an operational review of the authority. The NPCA ordered the review after months of criticism.
Someone at a firm known to Hodgson (the name was redacted in the leaked report) emailed him to express an interest in bidding on the contract. Hodgson replied in an email that said: “Thanks for your interest in the process to undertake an operational review at the NPCA.” He said he would be “pleased” to forward the email to then-acting NPCA CAO Peter Graham who was in charge of the process
Hodgson's email apparently set off alarm bells and the Gowling firm was hired. The resulting report said the NPCA board could “reasonably conclude” a breach of their code of conduct had been committed. On April 27, 2017 the board censured Hodgson and scrapped the hiring process. Hodgson resigned.
Hodgson, who got his first look at a redacted version of the report this week, said he's mystified as to what could have led to a finding of misconduct. “From what I have seen so far, it is a legal opinion that draws conclusions on inaccurate and incomplete information,” said Hodgson. In voting to conduct the operational review NPCA board members had promised to stay clear of all parts of the process. But did Hodgson's decision to politely reply to an email violate that promise and undermine the process? Mark Brickell, then a senior staffer who later succeeded Graham as CAO, seems to have thought.
Hodgson said his action was “spun into something that it is not … Others can explain the motivations that lay behind the failure to look at this from a best-practices perspective.”
Were there other motives as Hodgson hints? It's hard to say without more information, including explanations from NPCA and release of the Gowling report. But NPCA spokespersons remain tight-lipped and, as usual of late, have not responded to requests for comment.
As to the full report, The Standard put in Freedom of Information request which the NPCA received on Dec. 7 last year. On Jan. 5, the conservation authority denied our request for the report because “the report would be published online and made available to the public at-large within 90 days.”
On Friday, the NPCA changed its mind, revising its decision and denying The Standard's request entirely. Its reasoning was the report provides legal advice to NPCA board chair Sandy Annunziata and is subject to solicitor/client privilege. Why the change from Jan. 5 to Feb. 2? Who knows, but all that's changed over the past month is a redacted version of the report was obtained and reported upon by the media.
What this all comes down to is the public still has not been provided with a satisfactory explanation of the Hodgson censure and the NPCA apparently wants to keep it that way.
From what we've seen so far, Hodgson did nothing to warrant censure. What was he supposed to have done with the email?
The NPCA has an obligation to release the unredacted report to shed light on this murky situation and prove its action taken against a long-serving politician and public servant was justified.
Hundreds of thousands of Twitter users erupted in outrage over Memorial Day weekend around the hash tag #WhereAreTheChildren - generating more than 350,000 tweets about the tangled story of the fate of children detained at the U.S.-Mexico border.
Interested in Immigration? Add Immigration as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Immigration news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Many social media users got key details of the story wrong, yet drove attention to the plight of migrant families detained at the southern U.S. border.
The rapid spread of the #WhereAreTheChildren hashtag showcased an emerging social media paradox - the ability to generate advocacy around issues affecting marginalized communities, while simultaneously disseminating inaccurate information.
Despite being based on month-old news reports, the narrative took off on social media last week that in April U.S. Department of Health and Human Services officials had told Congress that the agency "was unable to determine with certainty the whereabouts of 1,475 unaccompanied alien children.”
The children were detained as unaccompanied minors at the U.S.-Mexico border and placed with sponsors within the United States.
But follow-up attempts failed to locate “with certainty” 1,475 of the children -- triggering fearful speculation that some of the minors may have been sold into human trafficking.
That narrative pre-dated a newly-announced and highly-controversial policy in early May in which ICE agents would separate children carried illegally into the United States from their undocumented immigrant parents.
“If you are smuggling a child, then we will prosecute you and that child will be separated from you as required by law,” Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced at a press conference in early May on the new policy.
The Trump administration has pushed back against the characterization of the children as "lost."
The "lost" story received scant attention until the end of last week, when it surfaced on Twitter amid growing concern over the Trump administration's new policy of separating children from parents at the border.
Many appeared to misunderstand the story to mean that in the process of separating undocumented immigrant children from their parents at the border – a current Trump administration policy – ICE officials has taken the migrant children from their parents and then “lost” hundreds and hundreds of them.
The #WhereAreTheChildren hash tag emerged, and was rapidly amplified by liberal activists, Democratic lawmakers, celebrities and more.
At its peak on Saturday evening, the hash tag was being tweeted 35,000 times per hour.
But as the trend metastasized, the two plot lines merged, with many tweets conflating the HHS statement about having lost track of migrant children previously detained as unaccompanied minors with immigration agents currently tasked with separating children and parents.
Ripping young children away from their mothers is already beyond horrifying. But having some of the children sold into human trafficking is the greatest injustice this administration has ever done. It is a crime against humanity. #WhereAreTheChildren — Eugene Gu, MD (@eugenegu) May 26, 2018
.@IvankaTrump, you are lucky to hold your son while 1500 mothers cannot, because your father ripped their children away under a vicious policy that he created. Ivanka, #WhereAreTheChildren? https://t.co/xKYAbdEyse — Paola Mendoza (@paolamendoza) May 27, 2018
.@realDonaldTrump, will you please stop separating children from their families? We are begging you as a nation to do the right thing. #WhereAreTheChildren — Alyssa Milano (@Alyssa_Milano) May 27, 2018
Kids— kids that are my own kids' age, and younger— are being forcibly ripped from their parents & lost in the system. We ask #WhereAreTheChildren, but we should also be asking, "Where is our humanity?" because as a nation, we seem to have lost both. https://t.co/eODZ4fzMlz — Misha Collins (@mishacollins) May 26, 2018
As the hash tag grew, so did notice that the original story took a month to gain traction online. One conservative outlet called the online reaction “fake news.”
Yet just as quickly as the criticism came the corrections, as experts and others weighed in with context and additional information.
Good morning, everyone! I'm seeing a lot of tweets about how 1,475 children “taken from their parents” were lost by HHS. That's wrong. Most children sent to HHS—before last fall, ALL children sent to HHS—arrived in the US as unaccompanied minors. — Dara Lind (@DLind) May 25, 2018
One explanatory Twitter thread which warned those tweeting that inaccurate attention to the story could produce unintended consequences - from strategist Josie Duffy at the non-profit Fair Punishment Project - was retweeted tens of thousands of times.
Rice's thread became one of the most viral of the hundreds of thousands of tweets associated with the hash tag. The correction to the story was the most widely-shared aspect of it.
Now that we're all on Twitter because of this game, I am making a public service announcement: PLEASE STOP SHARING THAT STORY ABOUT 1500 KIDS MISSING. The outrage I've seen is a result of a total misinterpretation and could SERIOUSLY threaten the children you want to save. — josie duffy rice (@jduffyrice) May 28, 2018
There are two things going on. 1) HHS doesn't know where 1500 unaccompanied minors are. 2) we are separating parents and children at the border. — josie duffy rice (@jduffyrice) May 28, 2018
One analogy I heard from my dear friend who I won't tag without her permission, is that ORR is basically a jailer. Do you want the jail keeping track of where every former inmate is? — josie duffy rice (@jduffyrice) May 28, 2018
Some on Twitter were quick to follow up their previous tweets with new information, showing that social media's role in spreading incorrect information can sometimes be matched by its real-time capacity for self-correction:
This is helpful thread because a lot of people, myself included, have conflated the "missing" kids w/ those who have been separated from their parents at the border. https://t.co/68cm1m0au4 — Donut Seductress (@VeeCeeMurphy76) May 28, 2018
Meanwhile, anger over the story of the "lost" children also fed into a social media frenzy as multiple images of conditions in which apprehended migrant children are kept -- one of migrant children apparently kept in a cage, another of a private prison bus outfitted for children -- went viral.
Both images were real, but both were eventually revealed to be from photos taken during the Obama administration, undermining their use as online criticisms of the Trump administration's immigration policies.
Writer Sean McElwee, who has been actively pushing to abolish ICE on social media since the early days of the Trump administration, suggested that growing online efforts to resist the immigration agency's mandates under the current administration may have led some to conflate two negative stories about U.S. immigration policies.
"One of the successes of the 'Abolish ICE' movement is that people associate it quite negatively with separating parents from children," McElwee told ABC News.
McElwee realizes that it's a mixed blessing.
"I think that people immediately made the logical leap - and that is a testament to the power of 'Abolish ICE,' but also one thing that can go wrong with social media."
McElwee and others have pushed "Abolish ICE" -- or, in its hash tag version, #AbolishICE -- consistently as the Trump administration's border and deportation efforts have escalated.
He said he has sensed the powerful impact of social media in a growing interest from activists in opposing the organization, and more Democratic candidates supportive of defunding ICE.
"For better or worse, the people who create the hash tag content, the leads into politics that all these lawmakers consume," McElwee said.
McEwlee told ABC that the viral images revealed to have been taken during the Obama administration only underline how the institutional power of ICE transcends presidential administrations.
"People need to understand: if Trump is gone, ICE is still going to be there," McElwee said. "It's still going to be the same institution with the same people."
Sure enough, the #WhereAreTheChildren hash tag, even if it began amid confusion, is already being translated into action.
Texas congressman Joaquin Castro announced over the weekend that he would organize a rally to bring attention to the children.
His feed is now filled with news of rallies springing up around the country, as the advocacy sparked by the hashtag begins to outlast it:
