MPS and Ministers condemn Opposition for their disrespect of National Assembly
DPI, Guyana, Monday, December 11, 2017
Ministers and Members of Parliament (MPs) on the government's side of the National Assembly have registered their disappointment in the Opposition for their actions at today's sitting.
Minister of State Joseph Harmon described today's action by MP Juan Edghill as part of a pattern of disrespect by the Opposition. MP Edghill refused to obey a ruling from Speaker, Dr. Barton Scotland, during the consideration of the Ministry of the Presidency 2018 budget estimates.
“This has nothing to do with who can speak and all of that. It's a question of the rule of law. The Speaker is the person who controls the business of this House and he cannot, Mr. Edghill or no other member of the House, decide that they will violate these rules of the House by refusing to take action when the Speaker tells them to do so. If this were to be allowed to go like that we will have chaos”, Minister Harmon emphasised.
Edghill's refusal to comply with the Speaker's ruling quickly degraded into chaos after Dr. Scotland directed the Sergeant-at-Arms to remove Edghill from the chambers.
Minister of Business Dominic Gaskin said this is the second incident of “obnoxious behaviour” from the Opposition during a sitting. “This is a party that claims its wants to run this country, govern this country. How can you govern a country when you have such little respect for our national institutions? Any member who does not recognise the authority of the Speaker has no place in this House!”, he added.
“Bishop told the Speaker in no uncertain terms ‘I'm not leaving. Get the Police to remove me! What kind of religious man is that to begin with? And when the Speaker ordered him out of the House…he said, “I'm not leaving”, MP Charrandas Persaud recounted.
MP Edghill's continued defiance of the Speaker's orders saw an intervention by the Guyana Police Force to escort the Member out of the Chambers but ranks were met with a human barricade formed by Opposition parliamentarians. This prompted the suspension of the Sitting.
Minister within the Ministry of Natural Resources, Simona Broomes, said she was disappointed in the Opposition's mockery of the sexual assaults in the House. “Regardless of what has happened, I sat there and male and female Members of Parliament shouting rape, rape, rape. It was recorded as if rape was a joke,” the Minister noted.
Today's debacle was an embarrassment to women across Guyana, Minister Broomes added. “I mean where are we really going as women? Where are we? Rape is a serious problem”, an impassioned Broomes told media operatives.
During the confrontation between the Police and Opposition MPs, an Opposition member could be heard screaming “rape” repeatedly and loudly.
Meanwhile, MP Jermaine Figueira also expressed his disappointment to have witnessed today's incident as a young politician, “This experience is not what the young people of Guyana are looking for from elected representatives”.
“I believe this is one of the highest House where decisions are made that will impact the nation more so the future of the nation. A lot of young people look to the Members of Parliament as role models as examples to aspire to, and I would want to believe that they are most disappointed with today's activity”, Figueira added.
By: Tiffny Rhodius
The remnants of Tropical Cyclone Fehi brought rain to New Zealand before it fizzled out. NASA and the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency's GPM core satellite provided a look at the rainfall from its vantage point in space.
The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) issued its last warning for tropical cyclone Fehi on January 30, 2018 at 10 a.m. EST (1500 UTC) but its remnants battered New Zealand on January 31. The remnants of the tropical cyclone pounded New Zealand with high winds and occasionally heavy rain. Winds gusting to speeds of over 75 knots (86 mph) and 20 mm (.79 inches) of rain fell in 12 hours near Wellington, New Zealand. Flights were canceled, trees were knocked down and roads were flooded.
The GPM or Global Precipitation Measurement mission core observatory satellite had a good look at Fehi's remnants as it was nearing New Zealand. GPM flew above the Tasman Sea on January 31, 2018 at 1725 UTC (February 1, 2018 at 6:25 a.m. NZDT). Rainfall data collected by GPM's Microwave Imager (GMI) and Dual Frequency Precipitation Radar (DPR) instruments showed rain moving onto the coast of New Zealand's South Island.
Extremely heavy rainfall was also seen in an intense band of storms southwest of the storm's center over the open waters of the Tasman Sea. GPM's radar (DPR Ku Band) indicated that a few storms in that area were dropping rain at the extreme rate of greater than 268 mm (10.6 inches) per hour.
By February 2, Fehi was a memory and the Meteorological Service of New Zealand was keeping an eye on the tropical low pressure area designated as System 96P. That low pressure area lies over the Coral Sea south of the Solomon Islands and is expected to drift slowly eastward. There is low potential of this system developing into a tropical cyclone.
###
The MOViN 92.5 Street Team headed to the Chevrolet in Puyallup to celebrate Breast Cancer Awareness Month. On-Air Talent, Mason, joined us in giving out prizes and taking pictures with listeners. If you stopped by our tent you can see your photo here!
Investing in Tomorrows Technologies 07 Stories These technologies all have staying power. They will affect the economy and our politics, improve medicine, or influence our culture. Some are unfolding now; others will take a decade or more to develop. But you should know about all of them right now.
Sunset Beach is famous around the world. But what happens when the beach disappears? (Image: Hawaii News Now)
The same July weekend large surf from Tropical Cyclone Fernanda swept across east shores, Hawaii also saw, for the third time in just a few months, another round of record-level high tides. These "king tides" over the summer sent water washing over seawalls, coming dangerously close to homes and making some roads virtually impassable.
"We found water bubbling up through a manhole cover in Ala Moana parking lot, we see Mapunapuna flooded by water, we found salt water coming out of storm drains and flooding gutters in Waikiki and portions of Kakaako," said Chip Fletcher, professor of geology and geophysics at the University of Hawaii's School of Ocean and Earth Science and Technology.
The combination of the two events might be considered an anomaly today, but researchers say extreme weather like this could be the norm: Over the next 50 to 100 years, Hawaii could see tides that could make roads like Ala Moana Boulevard undriveable; oceans so warm that coral, which serves as a habitat for marine life, die off in vast stretches; and an alarming rise in frequency and intensity of destructive tropical cyclones.
All of these events pose a potentially unprecedented threat — one state officials are scrambling to prepare for — to just about every aspect of life in the islands, from critical infrastructure to the state's cultural resources to native flora and fauna to Hawaii's no. 1 industry: tourism.
"We would expect more impactful eventful events, so if our projections are right, this is definitely very bad news for Hawaii," said Kevin Hamilton, UH atmospheric science researcher and former director of the International Pacific Research Center.
To put it another way, this summer's king tides — which swallowed up much of Waikiki Beach for hours at a time — were a glimpse of what Hawaii's future could be just a few decades from now.
"These king tides are an opportunity for us to see what our community looks like under sea level that is 10 inches higher than present," said Fletcher, a preeminent climate change researcher in Hawaii who's been studying coastal effects for decades.
King tides a glimpse of rising sea levels
King tides — an Australian term used to define a very high tide that could lead to flooding in a coastal community — are a result of several factors. Those include the Earth's proximity to the moon, the circulation of water (or what scientists call a mesoscale eddy) and a large swell event.
But 30 to 45 percent of it comes from long-term sea level rise, Fletcher said, which is ultimately caused by "anthropogenic climate change." In other words, an overall warming of the atmosphere and ocean caused by human activities.
The latest report from the Environmental Protection Agency estimates that the average U.S. temperature will rise by about 3 to 12 degrees by 2100 -- if humans continue emitting greenhouse gases into the atmosphere.
"Unless we make a very big change in the global economy, then I think we can bet on definitely warmer and less comfortable summers at sea level in Hawaii," Hamilton said.
And by the end of the century, conservative models put sea level rise on Oahu at 1.7 feet.
The worst case: Nearly 11 feet.
Sea level rise would be particularly problematic for Hawaii — an island state that depends on the survival of coastal communities — as it would lead to progressive beach erosion and coastal flooding. Think Waikiki, Urban Honolulu and the airport underwater.
"The scientific community is in agreement that sea level rise has already started to accelerate and it's going to continue to accelerate, so as we move forward in the next few decades, the component of king tides that is due to sea level rise is going to increase in percentage," Fletcher said, adding that humans are warming the atmosphere at unprecedented rates and that more than 90 percent of that excess heat is stored in the ocean.
In Hawaii, special planning committees are already looking at how to prepare and adapt for the potential impacts stemmed by climate change. Sea level rise is something that they're well aware of and accept, but they're looking at how to work around a problem that will threaten critical infrastructure along shorelines on every island.
"We're in a very precarious situation," said Sam Lemmo, co-chair of the state commission charged with exploring climate change adaptation and mitigation. "Our state is completely surrounded by water. We are in the middle of the Pacific basin."
Lemmo, who's also the administrator of the state Office of Conservation and Coastal Lands, added that an extremely "tragic" situation is unfolding in his mind.
"We're really dealing with a very complex, wicked, giant problem," he said. "Even though the ship is sinking — if you want to call it the Titanic — people are going to fight to the bitter end."
Coral threat risks marine food chain
That excessive heating of the ocean also contributed to a mass global coral bleaching event from 2014 through 2017, which the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration deemed as the longest coral bleaching event to date, damaging two-thirds of the Great Barrier Reef off the coast of Australia.
The bleaching spread to Hawaii — home to 85 percent of coral under U.S. jurisdiction — and killed approximately half of all coral reefs.
Bleaching occurs when coral expel symbiotic algae — which provides the coral with their color — and when the algae flee, the coral turns translucent. But many fish species thrive on coral reefs, which serve as homes and nursery grounds for the coral.
"At some point in their life, 25 percent of all marine organisms pass through or spend time in a coral reef environment," Fletcher said. "When you bleach a reef repeatedly and kill that ecosystem, it has a ripple effect throughout the entire marine food chain."
Fletcher said this was a phenomenon largely caused by warming ocean temperatures, but it was also partly due to El Niño, a natural recurring warming in the equatorial Pacific Ocean that influences air and moisture movement around the globe.
Climate change could lead to more and stronger El Niños, which could not only mean more coral bleaching, but also extreme weather effects like intense rainfall, record-setting heat waves and massive surf, to name a few.
In 2015, a particularly strong El Niño year, Waimea Bay saw one the most prestigious big-wave surf competitions: the Quiksilver in Memory of Eddie Aikau Invitational. It took six years for organizers to give the contest a green light because that's how long it took for waves to reach the required face heights of 40 feet during the narrow three-month holding period.
Warmer water temps mean more cyclones
Perhaps one of the most unforgettable summers that year was the record-breaking number of tropical cyclones that raged through the Pacific and came eerily close to the state -- all thanks to a strong El Niño.
According to Kevin Hamilton, El Niño can lead to enhanced tropical cyclone formation because the storms typically get their energy from heat emitted from the top of the ocean.
A general rule of thumb, he says, is ocean temperatures higher than 80 degrees become more conducive to more storms and stronger storms.
Hawaii has been lucky in a sense that the tropical cyclones that came close to the islands in 2015 didn't actually make landfall, and much of that was because the waters in the Central Pacific tend to be a little cooler than in the East Pacific. That means there's a greater chance they'll fall apart the closer they get to the islands.
"Storms in the Eastern Pacific are forming in much warmer water, closer to the equator," Hamilton said. "Then they move northwest, and the further north they come, the more close to Hawaii they come, they're coming over colder and colder water."
But that could change in time as El Niños develop on top of an overall warming. If the waters warm 4 or 5 degrees by the end of the century, there could be an alarming rise in tropical systems forming in the Central Pacific by the end of the century, specifically a 60 percent increase in storms that could cause potentially catastrophic damage to Hawaii.
'The curve is swinging up'
Past events, no matter how destructive, can offer tools to help us better understand how to prepare for the future, Hamilton said, pointing to Hurricane Iniki in 1992 as an example. Iniki was one of the strongest hurricanes to make landfall in state history, responsible for six deaths and causing approximately $1.8 billion worth of damage.
"If hurricanes are going to become more common, not just once a century, but once every 10 or 20 years, then maybe we should be thinking about changing the infrastructure, whether we should protect our power grid, whether we should have so many houses that are not well grounded," Hamilton said.
There's no single approach on how to deal with and brace for the potentially damaging effects of climate change, but there's one thing researchers can all agree on: The reality is, these weather events are revealing measurable signs of climate change and, rather than looking at them in fear, they should be looked at as an opportunity to prepare now for what could be in store for the state in the next few decades.
"There are things actually happening now as we speak," Lemmo said. "I think the curve is swinging up. But that doesn't mean we don't have time."
Mobile users, click here for more photos.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
America's favorite binge eater Joey Chestnut has announced the amount of weight he gained during the Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest.
For whatever reason I always find the competition to be fascinating. I usually make it a point each 4th of July to watch the annual over-the-top competition on ESPN. Joey Chestnut has been a monster when it comes to the event, and this year he continued his winning streak eating 72 hot dogs in 10 minutes.
The 72 hot dogs was a new record set by Chestnut, who beat his old record of 70 from 2016. How much weight does that account for?
Ever hear someone say "I feel like I've gained 20 pounds" after eating a lot. Chestnut can say that's true with a couple more pounds to add.
TMZ Sports caught up with Chestnut following the big victory and Chestnut says that he gained 23 pounds during the competition. Ouch! TMZ says the 72 hot dogs is equal to about 15 pounds, while the water that was used for the competition accounted for about eight pounds.
Gross.
Yet, somehow, the guy has a metabolism that can't be matched and it all will go away very soon.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
JAMES CITY COUNTY, Va. -- When a Virginia mom pulled over to help victims of a car crash over Easter weekend, she says she had no idea her 12-year-old daughter would end up being the hero that day.
Brandie Weiler and her two daughters, Maddie (12) and Mollie (7), were on their way to Busch Gardens in Williamsburg on Saturday when they witnessed a car accident.
“We saw the car crash happen right before us, two cars in front of us,” Maddie told WTKR.
Maddie's mom pulled over to help, but while she was on the phone with 911, she says the man who caused the accident -- later identified as Paul Salsman -- approached her van with her two girls inside.
“I could see him going towards the van, and I'm screaming,” said Weiler.
While the girls were waiting for their mom, Maddie and police say the driver approached their van, stuck his hand inside the car, unlocked the door and climbed in.
“He was saying all these things like, ‘Let's go' and ‘I need to get to this place',” Maddie said.
He tried to take off, but Maddie was ready for a fight.
“I just went for it,” she said. “Nothing passed my mind except, ‘He is a psycho and he needs to get out of the car'.”
“I just went for it,” she said. “Nothing passed my mind except, ‘He is a psycho and he needs to get out of the car'.” Maddie started punching the man and screaming for help. But she did one more thing to help protect her and her sister.
“I put the car in drive because that is a safety feature on the van, and held it there,” said Maddie. With the transmission in drive, Maddie knew there was no way Salsman would be able to start the car.
Her actions allowed her little sister Mollie to make it out of the vehicle safely.
“I thought he was going to take us,” Mollie said, but she quickly learned she would be safe as she watched her older sister give Salsman a beat down.
Maddie hails from a family of police officers and firefighters. Her parents, Brandie and Steven Weiler, say they had gone over situations like this numerous times with their children.
“She has always been told if anyone tries to take you -- kick, scream, bite, hit, gouge out their eyes, whatever you have to do,” said Steven.
But even he says Maddie's decision to throw the car in drive to keep the engine from starting surprised him.
Salsman was charged with three counts of felony carjacking, felony hit and run, and driving under the influence of drugs. Police say he tried to steal two other vehicles before they arrived. They say Salsman had to be tased two times before he was finally taken into custody.
Meanwhile, Maddie suffered a fractured growth plate in her wrist. But she has advice to other girls who may find themselves in her position: "Just fight them."
Police and fire-fighters had been out in large numbers yesterday looking for the missing child. The entire estate was cordoned off to allow several teams of divers from the fire brigade to search for the missing boy. Police officers and fire-fighters searched the area around the water of the lake and the adjacent woodland. A helicopter with a thermal camera was also deployed in order to examine the surface of the lake. This part of the search was hampered by the heat of recent days.
The federal police missing persons' unit also travelled to Harelbeke and headed the search. The boy's body was found after a three hour search. A post mortem is being carried out to determine the cause of death.
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
In honor of 100 years since Queen's Liliuokalani's death, local musicians and halau are gathering for a celebration called Ho'ohali'ali'a.
It's a fundraiser for Native Hawaiian scholarships at the University of Hawaii.
For more information click here.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Feb. 3 (UPI) -- BBC One says it has renewed its crime drama Death in Paradise for an eighth season.
Ardal O'Hanlon will reprise his role of Detective Jack Mooney on the show, which is filmed on the French-Caribbean island of Guadeloupe.
"We're delighted to be returning to [the fictional setting of] Saint Marie for more fun and intrigue -- as well as some big surprises. It's a joy to work on a show that is so loved by its audience and we can't wait to head back to Guadeloupe and start filming later this year," Tim Key, executive producer of Red Planet Pictures, said in a statement.
"Death in Paradise is a much loved gem in the BBC One schedules and we are so delighted to announce that it will be returning in 2019 for its eighth series," added Tommy Bulfin, BBC executive producer and drama commissioning editor for Northern Ireland.
Turkey's three-time Olympic gold medal-winning weightlifter Naim Süleymanoğlu has been exhumed in Istanbul as part of a paternity lawsuit filed by Japanese citizen Sekai Mori, who claims to be his daughter.
As reported by Daily Sabah, Mori alleges that Süleymanoğlu, who died in November 2017, met with her mother Kyoko Mori, a Japanese journalist, at the Seoul 1988 Olympic Games.
She requested a paternity test through her lawyer and the court decided to exhume the remains of Süleymanoğlu from the Turkish city's Edirnekapı Cemetery in order to obtain tissue samples for DNA tests.
Süleymanoğlu's daughters from his Turkish wife, Esin and Sezin, had opposed exhuming his body.
"We don't want the exhumation," a statement issued through their lawyer reads.
"The dear departed will turn in his grave.
"If there was something like that, he would have had the DNA tests done himself when he was in good health.
"His daughters are very sad, they are devastated."
But Mori's attorney Hülya Aksakal was reported as saying by the Hürriyet Daily News that "exhumation is a routine in paternity cases if the father is dead".
Aksakal added that Süleymanoğlu's DNA samples in the hospital were "insufficient for a paternity test".
Naim Süleymanoğlu won the last of his three Olympic gold medals at Atlanta 1996 ©Getty Images
Süleymanoğlu died at the age of 50 after he had been placed into intensive care at the Memorial Atasehir Hospital in Istanbul.
The Turk underwent a successful liver transplant in October 2017, a month prior to his death.
He had previously been placed into intensive care on September 25 due to liver failure.
Nicknamed "Pocket Hercules" due to his short stature, Süleymanoğlu became a global star after setting six world records.
The first of his three Olympic gold medals came at Seoul 1988, where he outlifted the winner of the weight class above him.
Süleymanoğlu managed a world record-breaking total of 342.5 kilograms in the men's 60kg category, while East Germany's Joachim Kunz posted 340kg to claim the men's 67.5kg title.
Olympic gold medals were also won by Süleymanoğlu in the 60kg division at Barcelona 1992 and 64kg category at Atlanta 1996.
The seven-time world champion was named the best weightlifter of the 20th century and received an Olympic Order in 2001.
Süleymanoğlu was also a member of the International Weightlifting Federation (IWF) Hall of Fame.
The IWF is holding an Executive Board meeting and Congress here this week in Uzbekistan's capital.
Bogaerts, Martinez, Nunez homer as Red Sox beat Nats 11-4
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Alex Brandon, AP Image 1 of / 10 Caption Close Image 1 of 10 Boston Red Sox' Steve Pearce, left, Xander Bogaerts, and J.D. Martinez celebrate Bogaerts' three-run home run during the fifth inning of an interleague baseball game against the Washington Nationals at Nationals Park Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Washington. less Boston Red Sox' Steve Pearce, left, Xander Bogaerts, and J.D. Martinez celebrate Bogaerts' three-run home run during the fifth inning of an interleague baseball game against the Washington Nationals at ... more Photo: Alex Brandon, AP Image 2 of 10 Boston Red Sox' Brian Johnson, left, and Mookie Betts celebrate scoring during the fifth inning of an interleague baseball game against the Washington Nationals at Nationals Park Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Washington. less Boston Red Sox' Brian Johnson, left, and Mookie Betts celebrate scoring during the fifth inning of an interleague baseball game against the Washington Nationals at Nationals Park Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in ... more Photo: Alex Brandon, AP Image 3 of 10 Washington Nationals catcher Pedro Severino, left, talks with starting pitcher Tanner Roark, right, with shortstop Trea Turner in between, on the mound during the fifth inning of an interleague baseball game against the Boston Red Sox at Nationals Park Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Washington. less Washington Nationals catcher Pedro Severino, left, talks with starting pitcher Tanner Roark, right, with shortstop Trea Turner in between, on the mound during the fifth inning of an interleague baseball game ... more Photo: Alex Brandon, AP Image 4 of 10 Washington Nationals starting pitcher Tanner Roark throws during the first inning of an interleague baseball game against the Boston Red Sox at Nationals Park Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Washington. Washington Nationals starting pitcher Tanner Roark throws during the first inning of an interleague baseball game against the Boston Red Sox at Nationals Park Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Washington. Photo: Alex Brandon, AP Image 5 of 10 Image 6 of 10 Boston Red Sox' Eduardo Nunez, left, celebrates knocking in Mitch Moreland and Rafael Devers for a three-run homer during the second inning of an interleague baseball game against the Washington Nationals at Nationals Park Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Washington. less Boston Red Sox' Eduardo Nunez, left, celebrates knocking in Mitch Moreland and Rafael Devers for a three-run homer during the second inning of an interleague baseball game against the Washington Nationals at ... more Photo: Alex Brandon, AP Image 7 of 10 Boston Red Sox second baseman Eduardo Nunez waits for the ball to make the tag on Washington Nationals' Michael Taylor who was out at second base on the steal attempt, during the second inning of an interleague baseball game at Nationals Park Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Washington. less Boston Red Sox second baseman Eduardo Nunez waits for the ball to make the tag on Washington Nationals' Michael Taylor who was out at second base on the steal attempt, during the second inning of an interleague ... more Photo: Alex Brandon, AP Image 8 of 10 Washington Nationals starting pitcher Tanner Roark throws during the third inning of an interleague baseball game at Nationals Park Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Washington. Washington Nationals starting pitcher Tanner Roark throws during the third inning of an interleague baseball game at Nationals Park Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Washington. Photo: Alex Brandon, AP Image 9 of 10 Washington Nationals' Tanner Roark celebrates with first base coach Tim Bogar after he hit an RBI single during the fourth inning of an interleague baseball game against the Boston Red Sox at Nationals Park Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Washington. less Washington Nationals' Tanner Roark celebrates with first base coach Tim Bogar after he hit an RBI single during the fourth inning of an interleague baseball game against the Boston Red Sox at Nationals Park ... more Photo: Alex Brandon, AP Image 10 of 10 Bogaerts, Martinez, Nunez homer as Red Sox beat Nats 11-4 1 / 10 Back to Gallery
WASHINGTON (AP) — Boston's big hitters have consistently done the job this year, helping the Red Sox post the best record in the majors.
It's been a very different story for the Washington Nationals, and that's been abundantly clear through the first two games of their interleague series.
Xander Bogaerts hit a three-run homer during a six-run fifth inning, J.D. Martinez and Eduardo Nunez also went deep, and Boston beat Washington 11-4 in sweltering conditions Tuesday.
"A lot of guys stepped up," Bogaerts said. "The weather's not the best. It's hot. It's better than cold. A lot of guys swung at good pitches and had good at-bats."
Martinez drove in four and leads the majors with 26 homers and 71 RBIs. Boston has won 17 of its last 19 interleague games, including 11 of its last 12.
Washington has lost four straight and 16 of 21 to fall to 42-42, its first time at .500 since it was 17-17.
"It's hard to play from behind," Washington manager Dave Martinez said. "Our starting pitching right now is not giving the offense a chance. When we do try and make a run and come back, we got to have shutout innings. It's not happening."
Red Sox starter Brian Johnson allowed two runs in 4 2/3 innings. Brandon Workman (1-0) pitched a perfect seventh.
Boston scored first, opening the second with consecutive singles before Nunez homered into the left field bullpen off starter Tanner Roark (3-10). Mark Reynolds and Roark had RBI singles in the fourth to pull the Nationals within 3-2.
The Red Sox responded in the fifth, collecting five consecutive singles before Bogaerts ripped Roark's fastball to center to make it 9-2.
"We did a good job today against Roark," Nunez said. "I think he made a lot of mistakes up with the sinker and we took advantage."
Brian Goodwin and Pedro Severino hit solo homers for Washington.
Roark allowed a career-high nine runs in seven innings and is 1-8 with a 5.19 ERA in 12 appearances (11 starts) since May 5.
"Other than two pitches I feel like they just base hit me to death, so what are you going to do?" Roark said.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Red Sox: 1B Mitch Moreland left in the third inning with back spasms and is day to day. "I wasn't planning on playing him tomorrow, so definitely he won't play tomorrow now," manager Alex Cora said. ... LHP Drew Pomeranz (biceps tendinitis) allowed five runs in 2 2/3 innings Monday for Triple-A Pawtucket in his first rehab appearance since Boston placed him on the disabled list June 5. ... 2B Dustin Pedroia (left knee inflammation) is likely to remain in New York all week for further testing.
Nationals: RHP Stephen Strasburg (shoulder inflammation) threw about 60 pitches Tuesday. Martinez said Strasburg's next step could be a simulated game sometime this weekend. ... Martinez said 1B Ryan Zimmerman (right oblique strain) could begin a rehab assignment this weekend. Zimmerman has not played since May 9.
ROSTER MOVE COMING
Cora said Boston will activate RHP Tyler Thornburg (shoulder surgery) on Wednesday. Thornburg was acquired from Milwaukee in December 2016 but has not pitched in the majors since. The Red Sox intend to send RHP William Cuevas to the minors. Cuevas allowed a run in two innings Tuesday in his first appearance with Boston this season.
NATS SIGN TOP PICK
Washington signed first-round pick Mason Denaburg on Tuesday. The right-hander was selected No. 27 overall out of Merritt Island High School in Florida in last month's draft.
UP NEXT
Red Sox: LHP Eduardo Rodriguez (9-3, 4.11 ERA) faces Washington for the first time as the three-game interleague series concludes.
Nationals: RHP Erick Fedde (1-3, 6.00) is coming off his first career victory and gets the nod for Washington's annual Independence Day morning start.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
BOSTON — Ben Harpur will make his playoff debut Monday night.
With defenceman Mark Borowiecki sidelined day-to-day with a leg injury, the Senators will insert the 22-year-old Harpur, who spent most of the year in Binghamton, into the lineup for Game 3 at the TD Garden.
Borowiecki is listed as day-to-day and could play Wednesday in Game 4.
“After my call-up from Binghamton, the whole thing all along is that you need depth for any playoff run,” said Harpur Monday morning. “These coaches have been through it in the past and they go through nine or 10 defencemen. The message all along has been keep working hard. It's an opportunity for me.
“I just have to play a simple game, keep playing hard and bring it every shift. They've made some adjustments through the games but the coaches have been good in relaying that message so I've picked up on a lot of it.”
Coach Guy Boucher said Harpur will be just fine.
“He's really developed,” said Boucher. “Since Christmas all I've heard is how good he is and how ready he is. He was always a very smart, poised player with the puck. He's very good with his stick defensively and what he's done over the last year is developed the aggressiveness in his game. He's become a complete player that's ready.
“He came in major pressure games, logged 20 minutes, and played unbelievable.”
Captain Erik Karlsson wasn't on the ice but Boucher said not to worry about it.
“He never really needs to practice being honest with you,” said Boucher. “We've done that during the year also.”
bgarrioch@postmedia.com
Twitter: @sungarrioch
For those wanting to use AMDGPU-PRO to power your RX Vega setup even though the performance is slower than RadeonSI OpenGL, the launch-day driver is now public.Head on over to the AMD.com Linux driver page if wanting to download this new AMDGPU-PRO 17.30 build.Besides adding support for the Radeon RX Vega series, there is now support for RHEL / CentOS 6.9 as well as Ubuntu 16.04.3 LTS support. But this Ubuntu 16.04.3 support breaks support if still using Ubuntu 16.04.2 or older. This 16.04.3 support means the driver will now play with the Linux 4.10 kernel and X.Org Server 1.19. This should also mean AMDGPU-PRO should now work on Ubuntu 17.04, albeit unofficially.There are no other new features but some fixes of AMDGPU-PRO 17.30. Fixes include taking care of some RHEL 7.3 problems, application crashes, fatal errors, and more.If you didn't yet check it out, see our Radeon RX 56 / 64 Linux review with both AMDGPU-PRO and open-source benchmarks.
WEDNESDAY, July 4, 2018 -- Fire Capt. Jay Northup lit the fuse for the intended climax of his backyard fireworks display, a pricey 12-mortar box that would create a wondrous shower of glittering lights over his neighborhood.
Three of the 12 tubes went off, and then silence. A dud.
"I spent $600 on that, it's going to work," recalled Northup, who serves with the Euclid Fire Department in Ohio. "I figured I'll wait about 10 minutes to make sure it's not going to fire, then maybe I'll peel the paper to see if I can find the wick or something, see if it's something I can salvage."
That decision almost left Northup without his vision on July 4, 2016.
A mortar wound up exploding, causing terrible injuries to his face, eyes and head. The blast caused bleeding in his brain, and his forehead required 35 stitches to close the gash.
These days, Northup, 47, offers himself up as a cautionary tale on the dangers of fireworks, fully expecting to be ribbed around the firehouse.
"I'm supposed to be somebody who knows better, and I know that. Me being human -- just like everybody else -- I thought I knew better, and in the end it almost cost me my life," Northup said. "Let the professionals handle the fireworks. Be smart. You can't call a redo."
Fireworks were involved in an estimated 12,900 injuries treated in U.S. emergency rooms in 2017, and about 8,700 of those occurred during the weeks before and after the Fourth of July, according to the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission.
Northup is well-versed in the dangers of fireworks, having served as a firefighter and paramedic for 25 years.
"I've been picking up kids with their hands blown off and eye injuries and burns from those types of things for years and years," Northup said.
But he'd started hosting a regular Fourth of July party, and at some point incorporated fireworks into the celebration.
That year, when the big mortar box failed partway through, Northup waited in the dark to make sure the fireworks didn't go off accidentally.
After what seemed a reasonable amount of time, Northup approached the device and started poking around at it. In the dark he couldn't tell his face was right over the top of one of the tubes, about a foot away.
"When I pull the paper it's just enough oxygen to allow the fuse, which was still hot, to reignite. Almost instantaneously the tube goes off in my face," Northup recalls.
The blast knocked him off his feet and blinded him.
"I can feel stuff pouring off the right side of my face," Northup said. "My right eye was blown closed instantly, and my left eye is full of debris, so I can't see anything."
His wife, an ER nurse, rushed her wounded husband 12 miles to Cleveland Metro Health, the closest trauma center, Northup said.
Fireworks cause three types of injuries, explained Dr. Thomas Steinemann, a clinical spokesman for the American Academy of Ophthalmology and the eye doctor who treated Northup.
The extreme heat generated by the explosives causes burns, while the explosion causes concussive injuries. There also can be chemical burns caused by ingredients in the fireworks, Steinemann said.
Emergency doctors treating Northup first focused on a subdural hematoma, a bleeding of the brain that is one of the deadliest types of head injuries.
Once they controlled the bleeding and pressure in his brain, they stitched up Northup's forehead and treated his facial burns. Both of his eardrums had also ruptured.
Northup's right eye took a direct hit from the mortar, burning off his eyelashes and the skin around his eye. The eye's cornea and retina had both been damaged, and blood had begun to pool in his eye.
Steinemann saved Northup's eyes, but over the next 10 months "my vision just went south," Northup said.
That's because the injury prompted a traumatic cataract, in which the lens of his eye began to cloud up. It's a common condition following this sort of disastrous damage to the eye.
Northup underwent cataract surgery to replace the clouded lens of his right eye, but the injury also left his pupil paralyzed.
"Many times, the iris gets damaged because it's a delicate little muscle, and the pupil is part of the iris," Steinemann explained.
"The pupil isn't a structure. It's a little hole in the iris that lets light in. Many people with these terrible concussive types of injuries to the eye end up with a pupil that doesn't work, that's permanently stuck," he said.
Because of this, Northup is very sensitive to light and relies on sunglasses during bright days outside.
"My lens is always stuck open in my right eye. It doesn't close down for sunlight. My eyes are always dilated, 100 percent of the time," Northup said.
Still, the doctors preserved Northup's sight and his career as a firefighter/paramedic.
Northup now urges others to let professionals handle fireworks.
"The quality of them varies. There really is no standard when it comes to fireworks. Most of them are made overseas," Northup said.
He particularly urges parents to not let their kids either play around fireworks or be around others who are setting them off.
"You will never forgive yourself if something you let them do causes harm to them, and you could have prevented it," Northup said.
The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission has more about fireworks safety.
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
To hear watch without the word smart in front of it will soon be indicative of a heirloom description. Even luxury watch brands have embraced smartwatches.
In 2016, we saw Apple launch its second-generation smartwatch, Asus and Samsung their third and Fossil bring several fashion companies into the market, including Michael Kors and Skagen. So what else do we have to look forward to?
Here are all the best smartwatches thought to be coming up in 2017. We have included devices that have been announced but are not yet available to buy, as well as a few rumoured timepieces for good measure.
Rumour has it Google has plans to launch two Android Wear smartwatches, which are currently being codenamed Angelfish and Swordfish. It is thought they could be branded Nexus when they arrive though.
Several details surrounding the watches have been leaked already from Android Police and the site has since followed up with a "recreated image" of the devices based on information from its source. Apparently the design could change entirely though as the watches are still in development so take everything with a pinch of salt for now.
The larger device in the image is Angelfish and it features a large crown with smaller buttons either side. It is also said to be a standalone watch offering LTE and GPS. The smaller Swordfish device is said to lack these two features, while offering just one button.
The second-generation of Sony's FES Watch made its way onto the company's stand at IFA 2016, created in conjunction with Fashion Entertainment.
The FES Watch U is not so much a smartwatch but a connected watch that offers an e-paper display and strap with a range of monochrome designs that can be switched over at the tap of a button.
It won't deliver smartphone notifications or anything fancy but it has a three-week battery life and it is waterproof. The FES Watch U offers a much improved design on its predecessor, looking far less like a toy and more like an actual watch, and it is able to store 24 designs at any one time, allowing for quick and easy customisation.
The Sony FES Watch U comes in two models, a premium option and a slightly cheaper option, with prices expected to be €600 and €500 respectively. The original FES Watch didn't make it out of Japan so it might be that this model doesn't either but for Japan, it's April 2017.
Hublot could be the next LVMH brand to launch a smartwatch, according to a Bloomberg interview with Jean-Claude Biver, CEO of TAG Heuer and Hublot. Although details were thin on the ground, Biver said a Hublot smartwatch would feature sports-related functions.
It is not clear whether Hublot will follow the same path as the TAG Heuer Connected by opting for Android Wear as the platform, but it's expected to arrive in 2017 or 2018.
Considering how well the TAG Heuer Connected is reported to be doing, it is not surprising to see other brands within the parent company wanting a slice of the pie. We will keep you updated as we hear more.
The original TAG Heuer Connected smartwatch was teased at Baselworld 2015, followed by a proper launch at the end of 2015. It might have been the first smartwatch from the company, but it won't be the last it seems.
CEO Jean-Claude Biver not only revealed sister-company Hublot would be releasing a smartwatch at some point in the future, but he also told Reuters at Baselworld 2016 that TAG Heuer had "totally underestimated demand" for the Connected watch.
Biver told Reuters that because of the success of the original, the company is planning a new collection for next year with six to eight models. A new model will apparently debut in 2017.
Tissot used Baselworld 2016 to reveal its Smart-Touch smartwatch. The device is a watch first but delivers a range of functions beyond the current T-Touch offering.
The design is based on the T-Touch Solar models, featuring a titanium case, ceramic bezel and sapphire crystal face with quartz movement inside. The battery can be charged by the sun and it features functions including a timer, alarms, compass, barometer and temperature.
When connected to your smartphone, the Smart-Touch will all you to sync the time, get weather updates, change settings and share experiences with friends. There are also connected accessories, including a Find-It tag to help you keep track of other items and a weather station that can give you humidity, air quality and temperature readings.
The Tissot Smart-Touch smartwatch was due to be available late-2016 for around CHF1000, which is roughly £710, but nothing has appeared as yet.
It is likely Apple will launch another smartwatch at some point, but whether this will be in 2017 is not known. There have been a couple of patents filed by Apple, suggesting the new Apple Watch could be round.
The patent, titled "Electronic Device Having Display With Curved Edges", shows a circular watch face and drawings indicate tech elements that would drive a round screen. It works similarly to a normal display, and the tech would be hidden in a bezel around the edge much like the current rectangular Apple Watch or, indeed, the iPhone.
As with all rumours though, especially patents, this should be taken with a big pinch of salt for now.
Rumours that HTC is making a smartwatch have been circulating for some time now. It was thought the Taiwanese company would launch the Petra smartwatch at Mobile World Congress 2015, but nothing ever appeared.
The rumours then suggested the design was being changed to a round model that would apparently appear in 2016 but again, nothing appeared. We are therefore still waiting.
Guess announced the Guess Connect smartwatch at CES 2015. It looked like the traditional Guess Rigor watch but added a notification bar at the bottom of the face, powered by Martian. The company announced there would be several new designs of the Guess Connect appear in 2016, including a leopard print design and a new, smarter option, though nothing has appeared as yet.
In addition to the new colours and styles of the original Guess Connect however, the company is also planning to launch an entirely new model, which will again be powered by Martian. The new watch will focus more on looking like a normal watch, adding just an LED notifier light within the watch housing instead. We're expecting to see the new designs and new model appear soon.
Sony announced the the Wena smartwatch in the run up to IFA 2015 under its First Flight crowdfunding platform, which is part of the Seed Acceleration Program that features other products such as last-years FES Watch.
The Sony Wena approaches things a little differently to the current smartwatch offering, integrating the smart features into the metal bracelet rather than the watch face. It looks every bit like a traditional analogue watch, but the Sony Wena smartwatch has three functions.
It monitors activity through a range of sensors, delivers notifications through a customisable seven-colour LED light and vibrations, and it can perform e-payments thanks to an NFC chip. The Sony Wena smartwatch went on sale in Japan in March 2016, but there is currently no confirmation for the rest of the world.
The Bulgari Diagono Magnesium concept was revealed at Baselworld 2015 and it is claimed to be a luxury timepiece "completely opposite" from other "so-called" connected watches. The company says it is 100 per cent Swiss and NFC-enabled.
The Diagono Magnesium was described as a self-winding, mechanical watch that apparently works with a protected electronic passport called Luxury Wrist Vault. The passport app is said to have a range of possibilities including making payments, logging in securely to a digital community, opening doors and starting your car engine.
Pricing, specs and a release date have yet to be detailed so whether we will see it this year or not is still to be confirmed.
Athletics company New Balance has created a Digital Sport division that will be focusing on devices and embedded technology. The first product will be an Android Wear smartwatch but details are thin on the ground at the moment.
It has been said that the New Balance smartwatch allow runners to track routes with GPS as well as run with music without needing the help of an accompanying smartphone but that's pretty much all we know at the moment. New Balance said the smartwatch would launch by the end of 2016, but as nothing has appeared yet, all eyes are on 2017.
The National Health Service (NHS) in Britain has been bracing itself for the challenges of winter, struggling to cope with staff and funding shortages. Demanding "more staff and more beds" for hospitals, thousands have joined a demonstration on February 3 in the center of London.
Called by The People's Assembly and Health Campaigns Together, the protest was joined by doctors, nurses and NHS staff calling for better funding and bringing the healthcare system "into public hands away from the waste and demands of shareholders and bankers' bonuses."
The National Secretary of The People's Assembly Sam Fairbairn however told Sputnik that for the last few years the NHS has been going through a winter crisis.
"We've seen hospitals completely overstretched, people dying in corridors, people have to be treated in ambulances in hospital car parks by nurses because there is no space inside the hospital. It is obvious, from talking to every single healthcare worker that hospitals are at their limit or past it. The government is doing nothing or any kind of serious way to fix the crisis. Instead they are denying the crisis is even happening. So we are organizing a demonstration to say the NHS needs more staff and more [hospital] beds."
The NHS has been beset by staff shortages, lack of funding, longer queues for in-hospital and Accident & Emergency treatments. The current government led by the Conservative party has pledged to improve patient safety in Britain.
READ MORE: Sticking Plaster Approach Will Not Mask Britain's NHS Cash Crisis, Report Warns
An ancient rampart with watchtowers and significant findings regarding the economy of ancient Paphos have been unearthed by University of Cyprus (UCy) archaeologists at the Kouklia site.
The UCy said the 2016 excavations had focused on the extended storage facility discovered on the northern side of what is known as the Hadjiaptoullas plateau and an adjacent large tomb at Laona.
The existence of both monuments had been completely unknown prior to the start of the programme that has been conducted in the broader Kouklia region since 2006, the UCy statement added.
The Hadjiaptoullas plateau, located about one kilometre to the east of the Aphrodite Sanctum, appears to have served as the palace of the royal dynasty that ruled Ancient Paphos until the end of the 4th century BC.
The discovered complex is stone-built, about 1.5 metres tall, and extends at least 65 metres in length, of which 54 metres have already been revealed.
“It also extends in parallel levels on the northern slope of the plateau and, it seems, the first level included a floor over the ground-floor rooms,” the statement said.
“Since 2016 and for the next two years, operations will focus on gathering and analysing sensitive ancient environmental data from labs and biotechnical facilities (mills, piping, etcetera) of the middle wing, which were ‘sealed' under collapsed roofs.”
In introducing this methodological approach, the UCy struck up a partnership with researchers from the Wiener specialised lab of the American Classical Studies School in Athens.
With regard to the Laona tomb, the UCy said it is “extremely rare in the culture of ancient Cyprus” in terms of the materials used and the method of construction which confirm the mobilisation of large numbers of labourers.
“It is estimated that 9,888 cubic metres of material had to be transported to the site.”
The date of construction has been put at the 3rd century BC, and it is thought likely that it was built on instruction by the Ptolemaic dynasty, which ruled the Cypriot kingdoms at the start of this century.
However, the statement added, further investigation of the south-eastern quadrant of the tomb revealed an even earlier monument.
“It is a rampart running north-south, so far excavated to a length of 42.5 metres,” the university said.
“Two staircases facing each other, whose state of preservation is so far unparalleled, must have been leading to towers.”
“The ceramic material isolated in the foundation trench between the two staircases suggests that the rampart was constructed late in the 6th century BC, probably towards the end of the Cypro-Archaic period.”
You may not post new threads
You may not post replies
You may not post attachments
You may not edit your posts
HTML code is Off
IN about 50 years, when the dust has settled on the cannabis legalisation debate, I imagine secondary school students will be asked to examine the situation that existed in Australia half a century ago.
No doubt they will be bemused to learn as part of their curriculum of the days when the community locked people up for possession of comparatively minor amounts of cannabis. They will be intrigued to learn that if you possessed more than a modest quantity of the substance you faced the mandatory seizure of all of your assets, no matter how legitimately acquired.
And in an era where governments carefully regulate the growing, packaging and sale of cannabis cigarettes, our grandchildren will be mystified as to why the politicians of 50 years ago insisted the distribution of and profit from selling cannabis remained exclusively in the hands of the criminal underworld.
Camera Icon Tom Percy is a Perth QC and can be heard on 6IX on Thursdays at 7.40am. Picture: Nic Ellis
I can envisage their teachers asking them to write essays comparing cannabis prohibition in WA in 2020 and the American experience with alcohol prohibition in 1920, with special emphasis on why the failed American experiment only lasted a few years, yet the failed Australian experience persisted for decades. And they might be asked to evaluate why Australian legislators turned a blind eye to the successful decriminalisation of cannabis in various European and American jurisdictions.
I have no doubt the children of 2068 will struggle with the concept of drug prohibition in the same way we now grapple with the fact that not so long ago people were jailed for consensual same-sex relationships and the death penalty was still imposed.
Every time I hear some new political criticism of abandoning the prohibition of cannabis, I wonder why some sectors of our community are still so opposed to any type of change in this area, the inevitability of which is simply a matter of time.
Do our ultra-conservative politicians (and in that description I include the present Labor Government) have no sense of history?
Have they never heard of Al Capone?
It's about time we officially acknowledged that the war against drugs is over. Drugs won. It's just a pity that it'll probably take us about 50 years to realise this, no matter how obvious the solution will look to our descendants in 2068.
Tom Percy is a Perth QC and can be heard on 6IX on Thursdays at 7.40am
Some photos published to Reddit, from a user with a "friend in the industry", allegedly show the front and rear panels of all three iPhone models due for release later this year. The Reddit user says the Chinese manufacturers received the panels the week commencing 5 June.
The images give a clearer look of the iPhone 8 than the two iPhone 7s models, and they support several rumours we've heard before that say the iPhone 8 will have an edge-to-edge display.
The front panel clearly shows no space for a home button, and there's no cut out on the rear panel either. This support claims that the iPhone 8 will have an embedded Touch ID fingerprint sensor and home button in the display.
The rear panel also shows a vertical cut out for the rear camera, with the actual camera module having a small cut out between the lenses for a flash. On the front, a small section at the top for the front-facing camera, sensors and microphone is the only thing to interrupt the edge-to-edge display.
The only glimpse we get of the iPhone 7s models from the pictures is of the top of the rear panels. They show camera cut outs, which suggest the Plus model will again receive a dual camera, but the regular iPhone 7s will stick with a single camera lens.
It's not completely clear from the photos if the iPhone 7s rear panels are made from glass, which they're expected to be to support wireless charging.
All three iPhones should be unveiled at Apple's September event, however the iPhone 8 isn't expected to launch at the same time as its 7s siblings due to supply issues with the OLED panels and embedded Touch ID sensors.
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)UK Independence Party (UKIP) leader Paul Nuttall welcomed on Tuesday UK Prime Minister Theresa May calling an early general election, saying the decision was driven by the weakness of the opposition Labour party.
Earlier in the day, May said she and the cabinet agreed that the government should call a general election on June 8.
"We welcome the General Election, but make no mistake — it is driven by Labour's obvious weakness, not the good of the country," Nuttall said on Twitter.
If you're ready for Spring, you'll love this project. While it's not quite time to buy plants yet, you can whip some of these up and get prepared for warmer temps ahead! These would even make cute Valentines with a note attached.
While Hamas has declared an "intifada" following US President Donald Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as the Israeli capital, the IDF has targeted the militants' positions in the Gaza Strip several times over the weekend.
The Israel Defense Forces have announced its massive attack targeting Hamas positons in the southern Gaza Strip.
According to the IDF, the strikes came in response to the launch of rockets from Gaza toward Israel, however, "hits have not yet been identified."
The move, which Israel believes Hamas was responsible for, was dubbed "aggressive acts" by the IDF.
In response to the rocket, an IDF tank and the IAF targeted Hamas terror posts in the southern Gaza Strip. The IDF holds Hamas responsible for these aggressive acts originating from the Gaza Strip — IDF (@IDFSpokesperson) 11 декабря 2017 г.
After Hamas has declared an "intifada" protesting US President Donald Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as the Israeli capital, the IDF has targeted the militants' positions in the Gaza Strip several times over the weekend. Israel's attacks on the occupied territories have been carried out in response to rocket strikes, which were intercepted by the Iron Dome missile shield, with no casualties reported.
READ MORE: Israel Strikes Targets in Gaza as Hamas Calls for 'Intifada'
On Sunday, the Israeli forces destroyed Hamas tunnels in Gaza, however, announcing that the operation hasn't been linked to the recent clashes between Palestinians and police.
While protests and clashes have been ongoing across the West Bank, Jerusalem and Gaza over the days after Trump's announcement, which has been widely criticized by Muslim states and well as countries backing the two-state solution, two Palestinians were reported killed with some 1,000 injured during the "day of rage" protests on Friday.
2:34 Ryan Carter thankful to have Dabo Swinney's support Pause
6:35 Dabo Swinney previews matchup with 'very good' Wake Forest team
3:13 Clemson runs down the hill prior to matchup with Boston College
2:18 Las Vegas shooting victims remembered at service
0:43 Columbia secretly pays $224,000 in dispute over clear-cutting
2:52 Mark Kingston on Scout Day
1:19 SC mother recalls 11-year-old son's encounter with would-be kidnapper
1:58 USC vs. Arkansas a bigger physical or mental challenge?
3:15 Cyclist forgives driver who hit, almost paralyzed him
Hundreds Expected To Cross Mackinac Bridge In Jeep The MacHundreds of Jeeps are expected to cross the Mackinac Bridge in the second annual Jeep the Mac.
Ford Recalling 53,000 Trucks That Can Roll Away While ParkedDealers will also replace the defective part for free, but Ford doesn't have the replacement parts yet. It will notify owners when the parts are available.
Q&A: Change To Fuel Economy Standards Could Impact ConsumersPresident Trump wants automakers to expand production in the U.S. and hire more workers. In exchange, he has promised to cut regulations and taxes.
Trump Announces Plan To Re-Examine Fuel Economy Standards"The era for the economic surrender for the United States is over, it's over," Trump told the crowd.
Photo: Erik Weiss
By Scott T. Sterling
The Killers brought a dose of Morrissey and the Smiths to this year's KROQ Almost Acoustic Christmas show over the weekend (Dec. 10), rolling out the pair of Moz covers during the band's headlining set.
Related: The Killers Perform New Order Classic with Bernard Sumner
While Morrissey was originally scheduled to top the bill, the singer was forced to cancel due to illness.
Brandon Flowers and the Killers admirably assumed the show's top slot, and invoked the spirit of Morrissey with versions of the Smiths' 1983 classic, “This Charming Man.” Later in the set, the Killers shared a take on Morrissey's 1988 solo single, “Everyday is Like Sunday.”
Watch fan video of the performances below.
The Killers covering “This Charming Man” by The Smiths, considering Morrissey cancelled this Acoustic Christmas. https://t.co/G833Ji99OD —
r[Y]an (@rubix_ryan) December 11, 2017
#everydayislikesunday @thekillers #thekillers #kroqalmostacousticchristmas#kroqxmas A post shared by Katie Hornberger (@gkhornberger) on Dec 10, 2017 at 10:44pm PST
Russian import defenceman Nikita Okhotyuk has confirmed he will join the Ottawa 67's for the upcoming season.
Okhotyuk, 16, who was selected 16th by the Senators in the import draft, served as Russia's captain at the 2017 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Cup, registering one goal and two assists in five games.
“Nikita is a highly skilled and competitive defenceman with international experience,” 67's general manager James Boyd said in a statement. “We are excited that Nikita has elected to further his development in the Ottawa 67's organization.
Okhotyuk (pronounced Awk-haw-tee-yuk) has played for Chelyabinsk Belye Medvedi for the past two seasons.
He registered one goal, three assists, 37 penalty minutes and a plus/minus rating of plus 9 in 19 games with Chelyabinsk's under 20 squads last season.
kwarren@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/Citizenkwarren
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor Pause
1:59 Missing S.C. Woman: Lost & Found Timeline
1:19 A love story for the ages
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
4:07 Gamecocks react after loss to UConn
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold his house, here's what it looks like
1:43 Donald Trump's greatest South Carolina hits in 90 seconds
Fernando Alonso has expressed his hope in the McLaren F1 Team‘s chances at the opening round of the 2018 Formula 1 season in Melbourne.
McLaren have turned to Renault Sport in order to propel themselves back up the pecking order after three unsuccessful years with Honda power units. However, winter testing has seen a few teething problems in the partnership, with cooling becoming the early achilles heel of the MCL33.
Despite the gremlins, Alonso is eagerly anticipating his second competitive race of the year, two months on from his excursion to sportscar racing for the Rolex 24 at Daytona.
“Finally, time to go racing,” Alonso beamed.
“This isn't my first time racing this year of course – I've already done a 24-hour race in Daytona and have a very busy season ahead of me – but I'm really excited about getting behind the wheel of the MCL33 for the first Grand Prix of the year.”
The Spaniard, approaching his seventeenth season in F1, believes that McLaren have gathered a solid understanding of the new car and power unit, but admits that there is more work to be done.
“Our car showed a lot of potential in winter testing,” he added.
“Although we know we still have a lot to work on, we've already learned a lot about the package and how all the new elements to this year's car work together. Australia is its first real test, and we need to work hard all weekend to bring all the ingredients together.
“Nobody can ever predict how other teams will perform at the first race of the season and that all contributes to the excitement. Melbourne is a great track and, after what feels like a long winter, I'm really looking forward to seeing what we can do.”
Alonso is also set to balance his F1 commitments with a début season in the World Endurance Championship with Toyota GAZOO Racing, as he continues to pursue the second part of his desired Triple Crown.
Capitals 2, Senators 1
WASHINGTON — This wasn't the way the Ottawa Senators wanted to welcome 2017.
While the Senators were desperately hoping to pack up another two points before they headed their separate ways on a midseason vacation, they instead dropped a 2-1 decision to the Washington Capitals as Ottawa's winless streak reached three straight games.
The turning point was a pivotal power play in the third period. They had a 5-on-3 for a full two minutes with 11:50 left and were barely able to create any chances. The Senators went 0-for-4 with the man advantage and they haven't scored a power-play goal in three straight games.
“It was frustrating. We've got to score on the 5-on-3,” said centre Kyle Turris, who scored the club's only goal. “We have to capitalize on our opportunities. We didn't do that tonight.
“We worked on the (5-on-3) in practice. It's just not coming together and it's something we've got to keep working on.”
The Senators now start a newly mandated five-day break built into the schedule by the league this season. That means this home-and-home series won't be completed until the Capitals visit the Canadian Tire Centre on Saturday when Ottawa's break comes to a close.
Making his 14th straight appearance in the net, Ottawa goalie Mike Condon did a solid job but didn't get enough offensive support as only Turris was able to beat Braden Holtby in the Washington net on the 24 shots he faced. Taylor Chorney and Karl Alzner did the scoring for the Capitals.
Though the Senators did a solid job shutting down all-star winger Alex Ovechkin, their last win in Washington came on Jan. 21, 2014.
“I don't think we (played) to the standards we feel we have to get to (to) win games,” said captain Erik Karlsson. “We created a few chances, but at the end of the day we didn't create enough to sustain any pressure for any period of time. We weren't good enough against a team like this.
“There are a lot of things (not working with the 5-on-3). We're going to have to work on it. It's one of the things it's not going well enough for us. We've got to find a way to generate more.”
Chorney fired a shot from the point that beat Condon high on the stick side only 2:43 into the third to give the Capitals their first lead of the game. Not long after Washington took the lead, Mike Hoffman had a good chance to tie it but hit the post behind Holtby in alone.
If there were any concerns the Senators might lose their focus and check out early just because they've got a vacation coming up, those fears were erased through the first 40 minutes. Tied 1-1 after two periods, the Senators had put themselves in a good position going into the third.
A late goal by Alzner, his first in 26 games, tied it up with only 19.5 seconds left on the clock. After Justin Williams had been halted on a breakaway by Condon, Alzner's third of the season came on a shot from the right circle when he was left alone.
That came at the end of a Washington power play and left coach Guy Boucher with a sour taste in his mouth.
“Five-on-five we beat ourselves. We played a good game 5-on-5 and, at the end of the second, you're supposed to be aware that there are a few seconds left on the power play and it's not all about the power play, it's about not getting scored on,” said a frustrated Boucher.
The Senators challenged that Williams' breakway was offside but the goal stood because the officials indicated he had control of the puck when he carried it over the Ottawa blue-line for the breakaway.
For the 15th time in 37 games, the Senators opened the scoring. Turris, who had missed some great chances earlier, took a perfect pass from Ryan Dzingel behind the net and beat Holtby in front. That goal came 12:41 into the second period with the Caps trying to push the pace.
That was Turris' seventh goal in 14 career games against Washington and it was his first since Dec. 14 against the San Jose Sharks to end a six-game scoring drought.
The Senators had a couple of glorious opportunities to take the lead early in the second when Holtby got a little help when Dzingel appeared to hit teammate Bobby Ryan, who was in the crease, with a shot and then Turris wasn't able to follow up on the rebound with a wide-open net.
The Senators know the task is difficult to shut down the Capitals but the club wanted to make sure it limited Washington's chances. Yes, Condon was called upon to make a big pad save on Lars Eller after a bounce landed on his stick in front but the Caps didn't have a whole lot in the way of chances.
Turris hit the crossbar behind Holtby and that was Ottawa's best chance.
“It seems like we're on the wrong side of these one -oal games but hopefully our luck will change,” said Condon, who plans to skate during the break in Ottawa. “We've just got to find a way here, and we will.”
bgarrioch@postmedia.com
Twitter: @sungarrioch
By: Anthony Vega
Email: avega@abc6.com
Twitter: @avegaABC6
MANSFIELD, Mass. (WLNE) — Mansfield Police are investigating after a car drove into a building Monday afternoon.
According to the department's Facebook page, they responded to School Street where they found a Hyundai SUV inside Elements Massage.
Mansfield Police say one person was transported to the hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
Police say in total three stores were impacted by the crash.
“The stores [a]ffected by the accident are Hilliards, Element Massage, and Right Foot Shoes,” said the department on Facebook.
The accident is still under investigation
©WLNE-TV/ABC6 2018
Fires ignited by lightning have and will likely continue to increase across the Mediterranean and temperate regions in the Southern Hemisphere under a warmer climate, according to a new study co-led by a Portland State University researcher.
The study, published online in May in the journal Geophysical Research Letters, examined the observed and forecasted relationship between lightning-ignited fires, rising temperatures across the Southern Hemisphere and natural climate variability in three leading climate drivers that affect weather worldwide: El Niño-La Niña, the Indian Ocean Dipole and the Southern Annular Mode.
El Niño-La Niña, known as ENSO, is the periodic warming and cooling periods of the equatorial eastern and central Pacific Ocean that affects the world's climate the most. The Indian Ocean Dipole, or IOD, is a similar ocean-atmospheric phenomenon characterized by changes in sea-surface temperatures between the eastern and western part of the Indian Ocean, while the Southern Annular Mode, or SAM, describes the north-south movement of the westerly wind belt that circles Antarctica and carries moisture to the southwest corners of all the Southern Hemisphere continents.
Heat, oxygen, fuel and an ignition source combine to start wildfires, but where and how quickly a fire moves depends on the terrain, the types and condition of vegetation present and the weather, said Andrés Holz, the study's co-lead author and a geography professor in PSU's College of Liberal Arts and Sciences.
The study found that of the three climate drivers, the SAM had the strongest impact on fire activity - both lightning- and human-caused wildfires - due to a combination of lower precipitation and higher temperatures, said Holz, who also serves as a faculty fellow at PSU's Institute for Sustainable Solutions.
During the positive phase of SAM, the westerly winds contract toward Antarctica, leaving large areas in southern South America, South Africa and Australia rain-free. The recent positive trends in SAM are attributed to increasing greenhouse gas levels and the hole in the ozone layer.
"Now the winter is not as rainy and the summer is longer, drier and warmer," Holz said.
Drier winters mean less moisture on the land, and warmer springs and summers are pulling the soil moisture into the air more quickly, allowing the soil and vegetation to dry out and ignite more readily, he said.
The study found that the natural influence of the three climate modes (ENSO, IOD and SAM) on fire activity was stronger during the 21st century than during the last couple of decades of the 20th century as a result of anthropogenic warming. That trend is expected to continue.
Among the study's findings:
Global warming is linked to increased natural (lightning-ignited) fire occurrence
Climate change is amplifying climate-fire teleconnections, or the strength of long-distance relationships between weather patterns and fire During the onset of the 21st century, lightning-ignited fires were tightly coupled with upward trends in the SAM and rising temperatures across the Southern Hemisphere
"We think that by having warmer oceans and warmer temperatures in general, we're going to see higher evaporation and heat transfer, and thus higher frequency of convective storms that in turn results in more lightning-ignited fires," Holz said. "And with a climate mode such as SAM stuck in its positive, fire-prone phase that seems to amplify climate change, it doesn't look good."
But Holz cautions that it does not mean that there will be an increasing number of fires everywhere. Under warmer conditions, if precipitation stays constant, there will be increased fire activity in areas that already have plenty of fuel to burn but have historically been too humid or wet to burn. On the flip side, areas that are dry year-round will likely see a decline in fire activity with global warming unless there's a strong increase in rainfall.
"These trends are expected worldwide, not just in the Southern Hemisphere," Holz said.
###
The study's other authors are Michela Mariani and Michael-Shawn Fletcher from the University of Melbourne, Australia; Thomas T. Veblen from the University of Colorado Boulder; and Grant Williamson and David M. J. S. Bowman from the University of Tasmania, Australia.
A guide revealing St Helens' most unusual bike rides is being compiled as part of a project to mark bike hire scheme Bike & Go's fourth birthday.
The #MyFavBikeRide Guide will celebrate the best ‘off the beaten track' places to cycle in England and Scotland - the two countries in which Bike & Go operates - with the aim of trying to encourage those who rarely use a bike to get back on two wheels this summer.
Local cyclists are being called on to reveal their own favourite routes that people wouldn't necessarily find on cycle maps. It could be a tour of the region's best coffee shops, an ‘alternative history' bike ride, or even the best view of the local area from an unlikely standpoint. It just needs to be as fun and as quirky as possible.
The suggestions will then be compiled into an online guide which will be made available on the Bike & Go website.
David O' Leary, director of Bike & Go, said: “In the four years that Bike & Go has been operating, our bikes have been used for thousands of bike rides by cyclists of all levels.
“Conversations with our users have revealed that many people like going for a casual bike ride, but need new ideas as to where to cycle to.
“We know there are many seasoned cyclists out there who have a wealth of experience that can be shared with those who perhaps don't cycle quite as often. We're appealing to them to suggest some interesting and fun bike ride ideas that will let cyclists experience the local area from a different viewpoint, while still enjoying all the benefits that cycling can bring.”
Bike & Go offers bike hire facilities from almost 70 participating train stations across much of the North West, North East and Yorkshire, East and South East of England, and Scotland, with more locations opening this year.
Last year the scheme was praised by a UK division of the travel giant TripAdvisor when it was included in a list of the top seven bicycle hire companies drawn up by its subsidiary rental company Holiday Lettings.
To hire a Bike & Go bike, users need to register their card details online, which they can do via smart phones, tablets, or at home, and pay the annual £10 subscription fee. They will then receive a user number via email which will allow immediate bike hire at £3.80 per 24 hours whilst they wait for their Bike & Go membership card. Bikes can then be returned to any participating train station.
To suggest a bike ride, tweet @UKBikeandGo using the hashtag #MyFavBikeRide. Alternatively, email your suggestion to info@bikeandgo.co.uk by Sunday August 20. All suitable entries will be compiled into the online guide.
A new article published by JAMA Neurology reports on a study of hospitalized adult patients with new-onset neurologic syndromes who were evaluated for Zika virus infection.
The single-center study of 40 patients, include 29 with Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS), seven with encephalitis, three with transverse myelitis and one with newly diagnosed chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy.
Of those 40 patients, 35 (88 percent) had evidence of recent Zika virus infection in the serum (blood) or cerebrospinal fluid, according to the results. Of the patients who were positive for Zika virus infection, 27 had GBS, five had encephalitis, two had transverse myelitis and one had chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy, according to the results. The authors note there appeared to be an increase in the incidence of GBS and encephalitis when compared with the period before the outbreak of Zika virus in Brazil.
Limitations of the study include its short time period of only five months and that it was limited to a single neurologic referral center in Rio de Janeiro.
"In this single-center Brazilian cohort, ZIKV [Zika virus] infection was associated with an increase in the incidence of a diverse spectrum of serious neurologic syndromes. The data also suggest that serologic and molecular testing using blood and cerebrospinal fluid samples can serve as a less expensive, alternative diagnostic strategy in developing countries," the article concludes.
###
For more details and to read the full study, please visit the For The Media website.
(doi:10.1001/jamaneurol.2017.1703)
Editor's Note: The article contains conflict of interest and funding/support disclosures. Please see the article for additional information, including other authors, author contributions and affiliations, financial disclosures, funding and support, etc.
Related material: The editorial, "The Expanding Spectrum of Zika Virus Infections of the Nervous System," by Kenneth L. Tyler, M.D., University of Colorado School of Medicine, Aurora, and Karen L. Roos, M.D., Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, also is available on the For The Media website.
US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo hosted a working dinner for North Korean Vice Chairman Kim Yong Chol on Wednesday evening.
Mike Pompeo commented on the meeting on his tweeter account by saying "Good working dinner with Kim Yong Chol in New York tonight. Steak, corn, and cheese on the menu."
Good working dinner with Kim Yong Chol in New York tonight. Steak, corn, and cheese on the menu. pic.twitter.com/1pu4K3oym7 — Secretary Pompeo (@SecPompeo) May 31, 2018
Earlier, the Department of State released an updated schedule, saying that the meeting was slated for 7 p.m. EDT (2 a.m. GMT). Prior to his meeting with the top North Korean official, Pompeo met with President Donald Trump at the White House.
© REUTERS / Korea Summit Press Pool Expert Explains How North Korea Nuclear Issue Could Be Solved Without US
Kim Yong Chol's visit to New York is part of the preparation for a highly anticipated summit between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
Last week, Trump abruptly cancelled the summit with Kim, scheduled to take place on June 12 in Singapore, citing hostile comments by Pyongyang and stressing that he was looking forward to meeting with Kim "some day."
However, the following day, Trump indicated he might still meet with Kim as scheduled or postpone the summit.
On Wednesday, the White House confirmed it still hopes to hold the summit as scheduled as long as the issue of denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula remains on the table, spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders said.
The MOViN 92.5 Street Team drove the Party Ride to the Tacoma Dome today and brought some special guests… Justin and Mason! Broadcasting Live from the Maroon 5 concert, we had a blast meeting fans and handing out free maroon wristbands! We also threw out some free MOViN t-shirts to some lucky fans. If you took a photo at our tent you can find it in this gallery!
It's not so hard anymore to find genetic variations in patients, said Brown University genomics expert William Fairbrother, but it remains difficult to understand whether and how those mutations undermine health.
In a new study in Nature Genetics, his research team used a new assay technology called "MaPSy" to sort through nearly 5,000 mutations and identify about 500 that led to errors in how cells processed genes. The system also showed precisely how and why the processing failed.
"Today, because we can, we're getting tens of thousands of variants from each individual that could be relevant," said Fairbrother, an associate professor of biology. "We can sequence everything. But we want to know which variants are causing diseases -- that's the beginning of precision medicine. How you respond to a therapy is going to be determined by which variant is causing your disease and how."
To accelerate that knowledge, Fairbrother has dedicated his lab to developing a variety of tools and techniques, including software and biophysical systems such as MaPSy, to study gene splicing. Genes are sections of DNA sequence that provide cells with the instructions, or code, for making proteins the body needs for its functions. During this manufacturing process, useful protein coding sequences need to be cut out and reconnected -- spliced -- from the longer sequences, much as usable movie scenes are cut from longer reels of raw footage when making a film.
Genes are often viewed as the blueprint of proteins. Sometimes mutations in genes affect not the code of the proteins themselves, but instead the splicing sites and instructions that govern how the gene sequence should be read. That can be a big problem -- while the former kind of problem might affect a component of a protein, the latter kind of error can affect whether the protein is made at all. It's therefore important to understand how an individual's genetic variation could alter gene splicing, Fairbrother said.
"Splicing errors can be very deleterious because instead of just changing one amino acid [the building block of a protein], it can take out a stretch of 40 or 50 amino acids," he said.
In 2012, Fairbrother's lab unveiled free web-based software, Spliceman, which analyzes DNA sequences to determine if mutations are likely to cause errors in splicing. Later that year, the lab was part of a team that won the CLARITY contest in which scientists analyzed the whole genomes of three families to find the mutations causing a disease in children from each family.
Meet MaPSy
In the new project, Fairbrother and co-lead authors Rachel Soemedi, a postdoctoral researcher at Brown, and Kamil Cygan, a graduate student, developed a "Massively Parallel Splicing Assay," or "MaPSy," for rapidly screening the splicing implications of 4,964 variations in the Human Gene Mutation Database (HGMD) of disease-causing genetic problems.
MaPSy works by making thousands of artificial genes that can model the effects of disease-causing mutations. The researchers synthesized artificial genes that correspond to "normal" and disease-carrying versions of thousands of genes. These "pooled" artificial genes are processed in large batches in two modes. In the "in vivo" mode, the scientists introduced both healthy and mutant versions of the synthesized genes into living cells to see how often the normal or mutant genes would be successfully processed.
"We're putting thousands of genes into the cell and seeing which of those genes get processed correctly," Fairbrother said.
In the "in vitro" mode, they focused more directly on splicing by extracting the splicing machinery from the cell nuclei and feeding it synthesized RNA -- again both normal and with HGMD mutations -- to assess how often errors occurred when mutations were present.
In the in vivo mode, about 18 percent of the HGMD mutations led to splicing errors. In the in vitro mode, about 24 percent did. But most importantly, Fairbrother said, about 10 percent of mutations produced splicing errors in both modes, suggesting an especially strong likelihood that they were indeed sources of splicing error.
Patterns and predictions of problems
The screen did more than implicate nearly 500 hundred disease-causing mutations as splicing error sources. With detailed sequence information on every mutation and every splicing result, the team was able to observe the nature of the different splicing problems mutations cause. They discovered patterns that show which kinds of genes are most vulnerable to splicing problems, and they were able to predict and even fix some splicing errors arising from specific mutations.
For example, the researchers were able to quantify and rank the features of genes and mutations that were most commonly associated with splicing errors. Not surprisingly, variations that affected how recognizable the splicing sites in genes were (e.g. "cut here" areas where splicing is supposed to occur) rated high on the list. They also found that splicing errors were notably common among genes where if only one of a person's two copies had a mutation they'd end up with disease.
In some experiments highlighted in the paper, they demonstrated that they could predict and address particular splicing-related mutations. In one example they looked at a specific variation in a specific region of the gene COL1A2, which has to do with collagen and bone growth. They predicted that the mutation would create an unwanted binding site for a protein that prevents a splicing that would normally occur. When they intervened in cells with that mutation by knocking out the binding site, they rescued the splicing process.
Eager to ensure their findings were valid beyond the lab bench, they also sought out tissues from patients with any of the mutations of interest. In many cases they were able to find in those real-life samples evidence of the splicing errors predicted in MaPSy.
They conclude that MaPSy "is a powerful tool for characterization of the sequence variation underlying splicing aberrations."
###
In addition to Soemedi, Cygan and Fairbrother, the paper's other authors are Christy Rhine, Jing Wang, Charlston Bulacan and John Yang of Brown; and Pinar Bayrak-Toydemir and Jamie McDonald of the University of Utah.
The National Institutes of Health and SFARI supported the research, part of which occurred in Brown's Center for Computation and Visualization and the Genomics Core Facility.
The City of Marysville reminds residents of a recent fireworks ordinance adopted relating to certain items prohibited within city limits, including bottle rockets, sky rockets, and Chinese lanterns. For additional details, contact the city office.
City of Washington reminds residents that fireworks may only be discharged in the city limits from July 1st – July 5th between 8 a.m. and midnight.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
President Donald Trump plans to visit Speaker Paul Ryan's district in Wisconsin on Tuesday, but the Speaker will not join him.
According to a spokesman appearing on Fox 6, Ryan will be traveling in Europe to meet with NATO allies.
Trump is expected to visit the Snap-on tools headquarters in Kenosha, Wisconsin to highlight his pro-growth, pro-jobs agenda. Ryan had visited the Snap-on innovation center in 2015 to host a Congressional listening session.
Ryan won his re-election campaign in the 1st Congressional District of Wisconsin in 2016 with 65 percent of the vote in 2016 after defeating his primary challenger Paul Nehlen with 84 percent of the vote.
Trump won Wisconsin in the 2016 presidential election by about 22,000 votes over former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad. It's educational, invigorating and just plain fun. With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands. In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation. The more pre-planning that you do, the fewer hassles during your travels. Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “Trip of a Lifetime!”
Vacation With Your Valentine: America's Most Romantic RetreatsAn introduction to five of America's best romantic retreats to celebrate Valentine's Day
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW YORK — Police are investigating a video that surfaced Tuesday showing officers shocking a pregnant 17-year-old girl as she screams in agony inside a New York City apartment building.
"Get off of me, get off of me!" the girl yelled as officers attempted to hold her down before using a stun gun — clearly visible in the cellphone video, according to WPIX.
According to the criminal complaint, the girl, Dailene Rosario, who is reportedly 14 weeks pregnant, interfered with the police, screaming at them before finally pushing past one officer. Rosario allegedly shoved the officer into the doorframe of an apartment as she went by.
The incident, which happened around 10 p.m. last Friday, began when officers, responding to an unrelated call at the Bronx building, happened upon a fight involving Rosario's ex-boyfriend and another man, according to the New York Daily News. The scuffle reportedly started over a video game.
When officers tried to handcuff her, Rosario threw herself down and sat on her hands.
"Yo, why are you cuffing me?" Rosario shouted, according to the complaint. "I didn't do anything."
In the cellphone video, Rosario is seen struggling with officers until they shock her with the stun gun. A group of onlookers gathered around the girl repeatedly shout at the officers, "She's pregnant. She's pregnant!"
Rosario is charged with resisting arrest, second degree harassment and disorderly conduct.
“We are aware of the incident,” the NYPD said in a written statement. “It is under internal review.”
Might a mainline Halo game one day receive a bonafide Steam launch? Microsoft Studios tiptoed ever closer to that possibility with a Monday announcement—Halo Wars: Definitive Edition (HWDE) is coming to Steam later this week.
You're not smokin' something: Microsoft is indeed releasing its resolution-bumped, mouse-and-keyboard-supported version of the 2009 real-time strategy game on Steam on 4/20. The Steam version will cost $19.99. What's more, it's the first online Halo game to have major Xbox Live features and requirements stripped in favor of Steam's own solutions.
The release follows other official, top-down Halo games, the twin-stick shooters Spartan Assault and Spartan Strike. Those games launched on Steam in 2014 and 2015, respectively. Halo: Spartan Assault was originally designed as a Windows Phone game and only came to other platforms after its lukewarm launch had cooled. HWDE, on the other hand, is barely two months old, and its Steam launch will do a few important things. First, the game will officially support Windows 7 and 8.1, which could spur wider adoption than its original, Windows 10-only launch—especially for a game with such low system requirements (in short, Intel HD Graphics 4200) that it could run in, say, PC Bang cafés.
Additionally, the Steam version will fracture the game's online multiplayer pools on PC. Steam owners of HWDE won't be able to join the "Xbox Play Anywhere" ecosystem of online battling between Xbox One players and owners of the UWP, Windows-10-only version. Interestingly, the game's Steam requirements page does not mention Xbox Live membership as needed for online multiplayer, but it does mention Steam Achievements, Steam Cloud, and Steam Leaderboards. These all run in a wholly different system than XBL, and Microsoft representatives confirmed to Ars that the Steam version of HWDE runs within the Steamworks framework. Xbox Live membership is not necessary, and the Steam game's players cannot log into it. An announcement page confirmed that Steam online play will be limited to “a server browser, where anyone can create and host a game for others to search and join.”
The only other Halo game to offer online play without an Xbox Live requirement came in 2003. Halo: Combat Evolved, a port by Gearbox Software, included Gamespy as an online matchmaking protocol. HWDE's server-browser solution on Steam will probably be more future-proofed than HCE, which is a real pain to play online on PCs these days.
Further Reading Halo Wars 2 single-player review: Meet local units in your area Since HWDE shipped on Windows PCs earlier this year with DirectX 11 support as opposed to DX12, it's a far easier candidate for a Halo game running on older versions of Windows. (Its sequel, Halo Wars 2, runs in DX12 on PC.) Any future Steam launch of a mainline Halo game (for example, one of the series' anniversary remasters) would probably have to run in DX11 as well. An AMD Vega preview event last week teased an image of Halo 3, which got fans' tongues wagging about the possibilities of an unannounced Halo 3 anniversary edition—and one on PC, at that—but Microsoft Studios has yet to formally acknowledge the chances of a Halo FPS in the older, wider-compatibility DirectX 11 format.
This article has been updated to clarify Halo's history of online modes in PC versions.
So, you're taking a road trip for the Fourth of July weekend, and you're about to leave the state.
Do you fill up on gas now, or do you wait to fill up after you cross the border?
Making the wrong decision could cost you more than $10 a tank, depending on where you're heading.
"Watch out for those state lines," says Patrick DeHaan, senior petroleum analyst at fuel-station-finding app GasBuddy.
Gas prices averaged $2.86 per gallon Tuesday, according to AAA, hitting a four-year high for Independence Day travel.
Here's some advice before you head out – all prices according to GasBuddy:
1. Fill up in Arizona, not California
The price disparity between these two states is extreme.
Arizona averaged $3.06 per gallon as of Tuesday, while California averaged $3.73, according to GasBuddy.
At those prices, a 15-gallon fill-up is $10.06 more expensive in California.
2. Fill up in Texas, not New Mexico
If you're road-tripping in the Southwest, price differences can be significant. This is another good example.
The price of fuel in Texas, where oil refineries are clustered, averaged $2.66 on Tuesday. In New Mexico, it was $2.91.
That means you'd save $3.75 in Texas on a 15-gallon tank.
3. Fill up in Louisiana, not Texas
But Texas is more expensive than Louisiana, which is also a hot spot for refineries.
Prices averaged $2.59 in Louisiana on Tuesday, compared with $2.66 in Texas.
Generally, though, "anywhere in the South" is a good place to fill up, DeHaan said. "They're right in oil's backyard. Plus, low taxes."
4. Fill up in Ohio, not Michigan
Ohio is much more forgiving on the pocketbook than its rival to the north.
With prices averaging $2.79 on Tuesday, Ohio was sharply lower than Michigan's $2.96.
5. Fill up in Virginia, not West Virginia
Going white-river rafting in West Virginia? Sounds fun.
But fill up first in Virginia, where prices are 21 cents lower at $2.61.
6. Fill up in West Virginia, not Pennsylvania
West Virginia doesn't look so bad when you see prices in Pennsylvania, which averaged $3.01 on Tuesday, compared with West Virginia's $2.82.
7. Fill up in Massachusetts, not Connecticut
At $2.91, Massachusetts isn't exactly an oasis of cheap gas.
But it's still cheaper than neighboring Connecticut at $3.08.
8. Fill up in South Carolina, not North Carolina
North Carolina is 14 cents higher at $2.66.
Come to think of it, fill up in South Carolina no matter where you're heading. It's the cheapest gas state in the country, according to GasBuddy.
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
If you missed Black Friday, then don't despair: there's a great deal on the Fitbit Alta HR today, but you'll have to be quick, as you'll only be able to get this price for one day.
The Fitbit Alta HR normally retails for £129.99, but priced at only £82.99, you save yourself £56 on this great fitness tracker.
The Fitbit Alta HR gives you heart rate tracking in a compact band. An evolution of the popular Alta, this device also keeps track of your steps and other activities including sleep, so you'll have a full picture of what your body is doing.
There's a display on the face that will not only show you your essential stats, but can give you notifications from your smartphone.
It wirelessly syncs to your iPhone or Android device, with everything being handled by the excellent Fitbit app. For those wanted to be a little more active and keep track of things like daily steps, activities and sleep, the Fitbit Alta HR is a first-class choice.
The Helpline Center is out with its list of new volunteer opportunities:
Contact the Helpline Center for more information on any of these opportunities or call 211.
× Band-Aid
This movie reminded me of the time I bought my first White Stripes CD, which was their second record — De Stijl. I had seen this husband and wife duo in concert and they blew me away. They had romance, and angst. The songs included “Why Can't You Be Nicer to Me?”, “Let's Build a Home,” and “You're Pretty Good Looking (for a girl).”
These songs/themes remind me of the couple in this movie. Ben (Adam Pally) has floppy dark hair like Jack White, and he'd rather sit around playing video games and smoking dope than finding a real job. He does occasionally design logos for companies, but housework is something he'll never do. His wife Anna (Zoe Lister-Jones) is an Uber driver whose book deal fell through. We know this because when a fight starts, Ben brings it up. This couple has no problem pushing each other's buttons, but something interesting happens when you watch them bicker. Unlike other movie couples that just annoy you when they fight, you adore them more and more with each angry word. In fact, they even seem to enjoy (or at least appreciate) each other when they're arguing. How couldn't they? When Ben calls her a “dish Nazi” because of her constant nagging about him not washing dishes, she talks about how as a Jew, that's offensive. The direction that conversation goes is hysterical. Who said you couldn't joke about the Holocaust?
All their fights feel authentic, and we've all been there in relationships. And unlike other movies, we can see why these two fell for each other. Both are good looking, hip, and have a great sense of humor.
When you're a movie critic, you appreciate how hard that is to pull off with the amount of crap you see each year. A studio can have a huge budget and hire Ashton Kutcher and Natalie Portman (No Strings Attached)…and it sucks. An indie, mumblecore movie can come out and everyone thinks it's so hip with the shaky camera, pot smoking, and Mark Duplass on board. Just as many of those romances are as bad as the big studio pictures. This is an indie movie that you can tell was done on a low budget, yet it's already on my list of favorite movies of the year. It should get the kind of love that the John Carney “musical” Once received. It's that good. Hell, it's better.
Even the small things are done well. When they see a marriage counselor, it's not just played for cheap laughs. It feels like things a real marriage counselor would say (that doesn't mean you won't get a funny punchline in the scene). I've always said realistic comedies are so much better, and this is proof.
When they're at a child's birthday party, bitching about all their friends with kids, they end up getting stoned and having a jam session on the kids toy instruments. This leads to a revelation — they can take all their anger and fights, and turn them into songs. That might sound gimmicky. I have to admit, when I got the movie sent to me online, I rolled my eyes. Especially when I saw it had Fred Armisen (Saturday Night Live). I like him on Portlandia, but I'm so burned out on his “weird” character he does on Seth Meyers. Yet as “Weird Dave” — the creepy neighbor next door — he's terrific. He has a few great lines, and his bit about being a sex addict (yet he's living with two gorgeous women), never gets old.
But back to the songs. They're both catchy and funny: I'm in No Mood for Your Mood, Love and Lies, I Don't Want to F**k You…could've all fit nicely on Liz Phair's “Exile in Guyville.”
This couple has so much chemistry on screen, I had to Google to see if they were married in real life. Nope. Lister-Jones' husband did produce this movie, which she wrote, directed, and starred in and according to an LA Times article, the film has an all-female crew working behind the scenes; (take that, Wonder Woman and your female director). But things like that mean very little to me. We watch films to be entertained. And yes, watching a couple fight can sometimes be entertaining. Even more so here because we're always rooting for them to work it out because we adore them both.
Just as I was worried Armisen would bring a goofy vibe that would ruin things, I cringed when I saw Susie Essman (Curb Your Enthusiasm). Since early in the movie we hear her on the phone complaining about how she wants a grandchild. Yet when she lectures her son on what it's like dealing with the opposite sex — it's a homerun. It reminded me of the powerful scene in which mom (Dianne Wiest) lectures daughter (Nicole Kidman) in Rabbit Hole.
People often ask me to give them a good movie for a date. Well, this would fit that bill. Married couples will enjoy it, too…but don't be surprised if afterward you're being asked to do dirty dishes or to pick your socks up off the floor.
Truth be told, you don't need to be a sci-fi lover to enjoy a good movie that happens to be science fiction. And you don't have to be in a marriage and fighting, or have been in a garage band, to love this movie. You just have to appreciate good cinema; and this is as good as it gets (no Nicholson reference intended).
It's one of the best times you'll have at a movie all year. It's just a shame that a movie, that had a budget that was probably what Wonder Woman spent on craft services alone — will probably only make what Wonder Woman made in one day [side note: I gave Wonder Woman 2 ½ stars, and I was being generous].
This gets 4 ½ stars out of 5.
× Previous champ Meb Keflezighi finishes 13th at Boston Marathon
SAN DIEGO – San Diego distance-running veteran Meb Keflezighi finished 13th in the Boston Marathon Monday as he prepares for retirement, but left the door open for a future appearance at the iconic footrace.
The San Diego High School graduate, a native of war-torn Eritrea, completed the 26.2 miles in two hours and 17 minutes, or 7 1/2 minutes behind winner Geoffrey Kirui of Kenya.
American Galen Rupp placed second.
Keflezighi won in Boston in 2014, one year after a pair of bombs killed three spectators and wounded 260 others. He was the first American man to win in Boston in three decades.
He told the Boston Herald he might return as an amateur.
“I would love to come back here, this is a special place,” Keflezighi said. The finish line of the Boston Marathon is historic and to be able to be here, it's where people's dreams come true.”
The 41-year-old Keflezighi plans to step down from competitive running this fall after the New York Marathon, which would be his 26th event at that distance.
In last year's Rio de Janeiro Olympics, he finished 33rd after having to stop seven times because of stomach problems. In so doing, however, he became the second-oldest U.S. Olympic runner.
___
5:45 p.m.
In a year featuring outstanding rookie running backs, the New Orleans Saints' Alvin Kamara has won The Associated Press 2017 NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year award.
Kamara, a third-round draft pick from Tennessee, beat another third-rounder, Kansas City RB Kareem Hunt, in balloting by a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league. Kamara, selected 19 spots ahead of Hunt, received 28 votes to 21 for Hunt. Houston rookie quarterback Deshaun Watson, despite playing in only seven games before a season-ending knee injury, got the other vote.
Kamara shared duties with veteran Mark Ingram as the Saints won the NFC South. He rushed for 728 yards with a 6.1-yard average, and scored eight times. He also caught 81 passes for 826 yards, with five touchdowns.
___
5:25 p.m.
Aaron Donald is the first pure defensive tackle to win The Associated Press NFL Defensive Player of the Year award since 1999.
Often the province of outside pass rushers and backs, the Los Angeles Rams star broke the trend by earning 23 votes from a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league. Warren Sapp of Tampa Bay was the previous DT to win the award. Others have been Hall of Famers Joe Greene and Cortez Kennedy.
While the Rams' defence didn't rank highly in league stats, Donald was a force. The 2014 top defensive rookie spent 2017 destroying blockers, leading all players at his position with 11 sacks and had 58 pressures while usually being double-teamed.
End Calais Campbell, in his first season with the Jaguars, was second with 17 votes. Arizona's Chandler Jones got five.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By The Associated Press
Depending on which analysts you choose to believe, Windows Mixed Reality headsets will either sell strongly, outselling the Oculus Rift by two-to-one and the HTC Vive by ten-to-fifteen percent in the fourth quarter... or get off to a slow start, with VR remaining niche.
On the more upbeat side is market research firm SuperData. SuperData points to the advantages of Microsoft's platform: low-price headsets (ranging from $299 to $499) and lower hardware specs (a basic experience will work on machines with Skylake-integrated graphics, though more advanced titles will require discrete GPUs). The inside-out tracking of the Windows headsets also makes for easier installation: no need to mount base stations on the walls or anything like that; just plug the headset in and go.
The Windows platform will also have a good range of content; Microsoft has its own IP such as Halo and Minecraft, and the platform will also be compatible with SteamVR, giving access to two VR ecosystems with a single headset purchase.
Less positive is IHS Markit. Although the features of the Mixed Reality platform are appealing, the firm says, virtual reality as a whole remains a niche proposition; expectations are that across the range of Windows headsets—HP, Dell, Asus, Acer, Lenovo, and Samsung will all have devices—only 280,000 will be sold by year-end.
Both firms pointed at some confusion around Microsoft's "Mixed Reality" terminology. As a developer-facing platform, "Mixed Reality" is a sensible term to use: Microsoft's APIs support a wide range of devices and use cases. These include not just the virtual reality headsets that will go on sale later this month but also augmented reality hardware such as HoloLens and through-the-camera augmented reality applications (think Pokémon Go, but better) running on tablets, PCs, or even phones. When talking to developer audiences, emphasizing this depth and variety and encouraging them to think of the full range of scenarios makes a lot of sense.
But as a consumer-facing term, "Mixed Reality" is unhelpful at best. "Virtual reality" is terminology that's understood, and that's what the headsets deliver. In fact, that's all they deliver; although the headsets do include integrated cameras, those cameras are black and white and are used exclusively for positional tracking. They aren't the right hardware to offer through-the-camera-style augmented reality. One could imagine building virtual reality headsets that had the right cameras—with the right field of view and the right positioning—to offer augmented reality, but these first-generation Windows headsets aren't that.
It remains to be seen how Microsoft will actually market Mixed Reality, but with the hardware that will be available and the understanding of the "virtual reality" term, the company would arguably be wise to quietly ignore the "MR" term and stick with "VR" when putting these things in front of consumers.
While the spin is a bit different, these two predictions might not be entirely at odds with each other. SuperData estimated that over the first eight or so months of their availability in 2016, 240,000 Rifts and 420,000 Vives were sold. 280,000 Windows headsets in about two-and-a-half months would simultaneously represent a much stronger start than the Rift and Vive experienced, while still being, in absolute terms, a niche product. Compare it, for example, with another product that turns out to also have had niche appeal: Microsoft's original Kinect saw more than 8 million sales in the first two months, topping 10 million sales after three months on the market. This gives the Windows MR headsets ample scope to both trounce the Rift and Vive while still remaining very much a rarity.
On Monday, the US Senate confirmed ex-Goldman Sachs banker Steven Mnuchin, who was finance director of Donald Trump's presidential campaign, as Treasury Secretary. Mnuchin's appointment was approved by 53 votes to 47 against; when he filled the post it had been empty for a record 22 days.
Mnuchin has also worked as a hedge fund manager, and from 2009 to 2015 ran OneWest Bank, which became known as a "Foreclosure Machine" for its activities in the wake of the financial crisis.
The US Treasury oversees the country's economic and financial policy, and is responsible for imposing sanctions. At a press briefing on Tuesday, Mnuchin didn't say whether sanctions against Russia would be lifted under his leadership.
"Our current sanctions programs are in place, and I would say sanctions are an important tool that we will continue to look at for various different countries … the existing policies are in place," the Treasury Secretary said.
One of the most pressing tasks he faces is the reduction of the US national debt. Mnuchin told his Senate Finance Committee hearing that Trump's corporate and income tax cuts will enable the US to reduce the debt by stimulating economic growth.
"I'd like us to raise the debt ceiling sooner rather than later," Mnuchin said, in order to avoid a situation like the 2011 debt ceiling crisis. Then, the US came perilously close to default because the US Congress went months unable to find a compromise plan to raise the borrowing cap, as Republicans demanded spending cuts to go with it.
The US Congress has a deadline of March 15 to lift the current debt limit of $20.1 trillion, which would allow the government to pay its debts and stave off default.
Mnuchin allayed fears that the US might default on its debt, telling senators, "I fully believe that the US has the obligation to honor its debt."
During his election campaign, Donald Trump suggested that the country might give its creditors only "half" of the money owed in case of default.
"Nobody knows debt better than me. I've made a fortune by using debt and if things don't work out, I renegotiate the debt," Trump told CBS This Morning.
"Well, you go back and you say, 'hey, guess what? The economy just crashed. I'm going to give you back half,'" Trump said.
In an interview with CNBC in November, Mnuchin said that Trump's tax reforms will "bring huge amounts of jobs back to the US."
Simplifying and cutting corporate taxes "will create huge economic growth, and we'll have huge personal income so the revenues will be offset on the other side. We'll have a big middle income tax cut," Mnuchin said.
The Pittsburgh Steelers were looking for help at linebacker and they added some Monday by signing Jon Bostic to a two-year contract.
The team initially announced the deal Sunday and it became official when Bostic passed his physical Monday.
Bostic plays inside linebacker, the same position as Ryan Shazier, who suffered a serious spinal injury in a game against the Cincinnati Bengals in December and will miss all of 2018. Despite playing the same position as Shazier, Bostic is not approaching his new team with that mentality.
"I would never say replace," Bostic told the team's official website. "He is a special player. I am sure he is going to be back at some point. All I am supposed to do is come in here and work hard.
"Whatever they ask me to do, I am going to do it, at whatever position it is. I have a lot of versatility. I can do a lot of different things. Whatever they ask me to do, I am going to do it."
Bostic ended last season with the Indianapolis Colts on injured reserve due to a knee injury. Before getting hurt, he started 14 games and recorded a career-high 97 tackles with one sack.
Bostic's best season occurred after he missed all of 2016 due to a foot injury after being traded from the New England Patriots to the Detroit Lions.
The 26-year-old was a second-round draft pick of the Chicago Bears from Florida. He spent his first two seasons with the Bears before being dealt to New England in September 2015.
In 54 career games (31 starts) with Chicago, New England and Indianapolis, Bostic has 240 tackles and three sacks.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu commented on the recent exchange of fire between the Israeli Defense Forces and Hamas, Palestinian Islamic Jihad movements in Gaza.
Speaking about the shelling of the Israeli territory within the last two days by Hamas and the Islamic Jihad movements, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu vowed that Tel Aviv would make the enemies "pay right away".
"I'm not going into the details of our plans because I do not want the enemy to know what is in store for them, but one thing is clear to them: when they try us they pay right away. And if they continue to try us, they will pay much more," Netanyahu stated.
The Israeli top official has further underlined the Israeli Defense Forces' actions in response to the attacks from the Gaza Strip.
"Since yesterday, the IDF has reacted strongly to the rocket fire from the Gaza Strip in the attack on dozens of terrorist targets, the hardest blow we have made in years," he said.
Lt. Col. Jonathan Conricus is reporting from the Israeli kindergarten that was hit by several mortars earlier this morning. The kindergarten is located in a kibbutz near the Gaza Strip pic.twitter.com/vZBa0y0UJm — IDF (@IDFSpokesperson) May 29, 2018
​Israel-Gaza Exchange of Fire
The IDF started a full-scale operation on Tuesday, responding to the missiles launched from the Gaza Strip. Speaking about the issue, Israeli Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman stated the strikes against Gaza are "only the beginning." According to the consolidated report from the Israel Defense Forces, they struck 25 targets in the Gaza Strip Tuesday night.
READ MORE: Israel Denies Hamas Claims of Ceasefire Amid The Largest Spike in Tensions in Years
The situation on the border has further escalated on Monday, particularly after an Israeli tank attacked a militant observation post in response to an attempted violation of the border by two Palestinians.
“We're here,a strong military, we'll continue to deter the enemy &thwart acts of terror so that you arrive safely at school&study for your exams.I wear this uniform so that you can go to school–that is my mission every day.” —Brig.Gen.Fuchs — IDF (@IDFSpokesperson) May 30, 2018
​The situation along the Israel_gaza border remains quite tense since March when the Palestinians started their rallies called the Great March of Return. The wave of rallies resulted in violent clashes between Palestinian protestors and IDF on order. Israel has explained its actions citing security reasons, saying it is defending its borders and blaming Hamas for encouraging thousands of Palestinians to break through the border and attack Israelis.
Honolulu has among the highest median incomes in the nation.
But factor in cost of living, as a new analysis has, and the picture changes dramatically.
In fact, Honolulu ranks dead last for average salary when adjusted for cost of living, according to hiring website Indeed.
The ranking puts Honolulu's average salary at $74,553, but its adjusted salary at just $59,882.
Tuscon took the no. 2 spot among metros with the lowest adjusted salaries, at $67,554.
And Miami rounded out the top three, with an adjusted average salary of $69,170.
"Poor Honolulu," Indeed said, in a write-up with the analysis. "Its salaries aren't that high to begin with and, after adjusting for its high cost of living, it's the most expensive metro in the country."
The metro where residents can get the biggest bang for their buck is Birmingham, Ala., where the average salary when adjusted for cost of living is $86,196.
Jackson, Miss. and Fresno, Calif. rounded out the top three.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
THERE WAS A feast of quality score-taking on display in the Bord Gáis Munster and Leinster U21 hurling finals on Wednesday evening.
Cork scored an emphatic win against Tipperary in the Munster clash to claim their first U21 title since 2007 while Galway edged out Wexford after an extra-time thriller thanks to a late goal from Seán Bleahene.
The sides played out a high-scoring contest in Portlaoise and the result sees Galway pick up their first Leinster U21 crown since joining the competition.
Both ties produced some superb scores.
Cork 2-23 Tipperary 1-13
Jack O'Connor finishes to the net for @OfficialCorkGAA pic.twitter.com/dsxQqOA6G3 — The GAA (@officialgaa) July 4, 2018
Jack O'Connor (Cork)
It was a routine win for Cork in the end, which included this excellent goal from Jack O'Connor shortly after the hour mark.
With the scoreline reading 1-12 0-6 in Cork's favour, the ball was delivered into the Cork attack which O'Connor gathered.
After rounding a defender he steadied himself before riffling his shot into the Tipperary net.
Robbie O'Flynn (Cork)
Robbie O'Flynn scores a sensational point for @OfficialCorkGAA from the wing pic.twitter.com/sc3WJVH5DV — The GAA (@officialgaa) July 4, 2018
Robbie O'Flynn finished the final with a tally of 1-1 for Cork and his point in the second half was a brilliant individual effort.
The Erin's Own clubman jumped up to catch a long ball in and quickly turned to sprint away from his marker along the wing and strike a long-range effort straight between the posts.
Mark Coleman (Cork)
Sublime stickwork from Mark Coleman for this sideline for @OfficialCorkGAA pic.twitter.com/h2aGvV0Cg6 — The GAA (@officialgaa) July 4, 2018
The Blarney man produced a man-of-the-match display, which featured another one of his trademark sideline points.
Jake Morris (Tipperary)
Jake Morris with a magnificent score for @TipperaryGAA pic.twitter.com/b8OKQ1A8KS — The GAA (@officialgaa) July 4, 2018
It was a difficult night for the Premier County, but this fine point from Jake Morris was a positive feature of their performance.
Some good tackling among the Tipperary forwards saw the ball reach the hands of the Nenagh Éire Óg forward who produced a quick turn to lose his marker before landing a great effort over the bar.
Galway 4-21 Wexford 2-26
Thomas Monaghan with unbelievable skill, run & finish in this goal for @Galway_GAA pic.twitter.com/2aRhkzT4uA — The GAA (@officialgaa) July 4, 2018
Thomas Monaghan (Galway)
There was drama aplenty between Galway and Wexford in the Leinster final, with the Tribesmen doing just enough to come out on top.
They hit four goals in all, the first of which was scored by Thomas Monaghan.
The midfielder collected a pass inside the Wexford half and launched into a solo-run with Wexford midfielder Rowan White staying close behind him.
White's teammate Garry Moloy tried to hold Monaghan up but the Craughwell flicked the ball in front of him before gathering possession again and driving it low into the net.
Evan Niland (Galway)
Evan Niland with a sublime goal off the hurley on the run for @Galway_GAA pic.twitter.com/YwacGe9q83 — The GAA (@officialgaa) July 4, 2018
Similarly, Evan Niland's contribution to Galway's goal count was a superb effort.
Galway worked the ball well up the field and the move resulted in Niland picking up possession before racing through the Wexford cover.
Defenders were swarming around him but he used some brilliant stickwork to get the shot off and rattle the Wexford net.
Sublime stickwork from Ian Carthy scoring this last gasp goal for @OfficialWexGAA pic.twitter.com/rI3rTO1Ezw — The GAA (@officialgaa) July 4, 2018
Ian Carthy (Wexford)
It was an intense affair in O'Moore Park and Ian Carthy's goal in the sixth minute of stoppage-time ensured that the game would go to extra-time.
In a last-gasp attempt to find a goal, Wexford went on the attack and the ball came out to Carthy following a scramble.
After controlling the ball on his stick, he smashed his shot home from close range to send Wexford fans into raptures.
Sean Bleahene (Galway)
Sean Bleahene scores a dramatic late goal to seal victory for @Galway_GAA pic.twitter.com/C84JFVBH81 — The GAA (@officialgaa) July 4, 2018
Sadly for the Wexford contingent, Galway would go on to win the final on account of this goal from Bleahene.
With the scoreboard reading Galway 3-21 Wexford 2-26 in the last few moments of extra-time, Galway dropped a long ball into the danger area.
It spilled out to Bleahene who rattled his shot past Wexford keeper Jack Cushe.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
As the sun set on the beaches of Montego Bay, Jamaica entertainment legend and co-founder of the Hip Hop Sisters Foundation Lana “MC Lyte” Moorer exchanged vows with Marine Corp Veteran and entrepreneur John Wyche over the weekend.
The intimate and soulful beach wedding at the Sandals Royal Caribbean Resort was a party from beginning to end as Lyte walked down the aisle to reggae Congo bands, friend Kelly Price serenaded the couple during their ceremony communion and the newlyweds along with their guests danced the night away with DJ Jermaine.
“It was so beautiful and a fairy tale,” says Lyte. “I got my king.” Earlier this year we broke news of their engagement. The couple met last year online (yes ladies, update those profiles). At the beginning of 2016 Lyte opened herself to receive a “yummy hubby” at the Wealth Experience in Miami, her foundation's annual women's empowerment co-founded by her business partner Dr. Lynn Richardson. Attendees prayed over the desire for Lyte and months later she sent a message to Wyche on Match.com. Their connection quickly grew.
FROM PEN: Jada Pinkett Smith Talks Celebrating 20 Years with Will Smith
A year after that prayer in Miami, she was back at the Wealth Experience with her partner and sharing her journey in the book Your Man and Your Money: How To Get'em and How To Keep ‘Em with Richardson. “Getting whisked away with all that MC Lyte is, it took me away from the reality of how important it is to have a significant other,” she shared told Essence earlier this year. “I would advise all the women out there that have their paper straight and not the man to start to pay attention to that.”
Today marks the blessing of FOREVER. #exhale #myking👑❤ A post shared by mclyte (@mclyte) on Aug 12, 2017 at 10:48am PDT
The gorgeous wedding was planned and executed by Bobette Gillette and Andre Wells of Events by André Wells and the ceremony's officiant was Elder Robert Pierce. When the crowd rapped along to Slick Rick's “Children's Story,” so did the rap legend in attendance. Other guests included YoYo, Niatia “ Lil Mama” Kirkland, Tai Beauchamp and SWV's Coko.
“It's incredible so many people came out to support our union. We are starting out with a strong foundation,” Wyche says. “A few months into getting to know Lana I knew I wanted this woman as my wife.” And his wife realized it as well. “One day when we're talking and I looked into his eyes. It was so much honesty and truth in his eyes,” Lyte says. “My biggest thing with dating was to be vulnerable. And with him, I could totally let go and be myself.”
So how did Lyte open herself to love and what happened when her new guy realized the woman he met online was the legendary entertainer? Which familiar face caught the bouquet?
Stay tuned for exclusive coverage in an upcoming issue of ESSENCE.
This article originally appeared on Essence.com
Physicians should prescribe metformin to patients with type 2 diabetes when medication is needed to improve high blood sugar, the American College of Physicians (ACP) recommends in an evidence-based clinical practice guideline published today in Annals of Internal Medicine.
If a second oral medication is needed to improve high blood sugar, ACP recommends that physicians consider adding either a sulfonylurea, thiazolidinedione, SGLT-2 inhibitor, or DPP-4 inhibitor to metformin.
The American Academy of Family Physicians has endorsed the guideline.
"Metformin, unless contraindicated, is an effective treatment strategy because it has better effectiveness, is associated with fewer adverse effects, and is cheaper than most other oral medications," said Nitin S. Damle, MD, MS, MACP, president. ACP. "The escalating rates of obesity in the U.S. are increasing the incidence and prevalence of diabetes substantially. Metformin has the added benefit of being associated with weight loss."
ACP updated its 2012 guideline on the comparative effectiveness and safety of oral medications for the treatment of type 2 diabetes because of several new studies evaluating medications for type 2 diabetes as well as recent FDA approvals of several new medications.
"Adding a second medication to metformin may provide additional benefits," Dr. Damle said. "However, the increased cost may not always support the added benefit, particularly for the more expensive, newer medications. ACP recommends that clinicians and patients discuss the benefits, adverse effects, and costs of additional medications."
Diabetes is a leading cause of death in the U.S. The disease can affect other areas of the body and can cause retinopathy, nephropathy, neuropathy, and coronary artery, cerebrovascular, and peripheral vascular disease complications. Type 2 diabetes is the most common form of the disease (affecting 90 to 95 percent of persons with diabetes), affecting about 29.1 million people in the U.S.
ACP's Guideline Development Process ACP's guideline is based on a systematic review of randomized controlled trials and observational studies on the comparative effectiveness of oral medications for type 2 diabetes. Evaluated interventions include metformin, thiazolidinediones, sulfonylureas, and dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors. Evaluated outcomes included: intermediate outcomes of hemoglobin A1c, weight, systolic blood pressure, and heart rate; all-cause mortality, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular morbidity and mortality; retinopathy, nephropathy, neuropathy; and harms.
ACP's clinical practice guidelines are developed through a rigorous process based on an extensive review of the highest quality evidence available, including randomized control trials and data from observational studies. ACP also identifies gaps in evidence and direction for future research through its guidelines development process.
###
About the American College of Physicians
The American College of Physicians is the largest medical specialty organization in the United States. ACP members include 148,000 internal medicine physicians (internists), related subspecialists, and medical students. Internal medicine physicians are specialists who apply scientific knowledge and clinical expertise to the diagnosis, treatment, and compassionate care of adults across the spectrum from health to complex illness. Follow ACP on Twitter and Facebook.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - The Swiss parliament's upper house has resoundingly voted down a motion calling for a ban on foreign funding for mosques that narrowly passed through the lower house in September, TheLocal.ch portal reported on Wednesday.
According to the media, lawmakers on Tuesday rejected the motion, initially put forward by Lorenzo Quadri, an upper house lawmaker from the right-wing Ticino League party, in a 29-7 vote.
READ MORE: Turn it Down! Mosques Asked to Switch to Whatsapp from Amplified Calls to Prayer
The proposal, which was supposedly modeled on similar rules already in place in neighboring Austria, also aimed to oblige imams to preach in a Swiss national language and to compel Islamic centers to disclose the origin of their funding.
© AFP 2018 / BENJAMIN CREMEL Macron Demands State Control Over Mosques' Financing Amid Fight Against Islamism
The seven-member Federal Council, which serves as Switzerland's collective presidency and cabinet, has repeatedly expressed its opposition to the bill, stressing that no Swiss canton officially recognized Islam, and it would be unjust to impose restrictions without offering rights, the media outlet noted.
The funding for mosques has become a serious issue across Europe following several terrorist attacks carried out by radicalized individuals. Several countries, including France and the Netherlands, have considered imposing stricter control over foreign funding for mosques.
March 19 (UPI) -- Gulf Island Shipyards was awarded a contract from the U.S. Navy for design and construction services for the Towing, Salvage and Rescue Ship, or T-ATS.
The deal, announced Friday by the Department of Defense, is valued at more than $63.5 million under the terms of a firm-fixed-price and fixed-price with economic price adjustment contract.
The agreement, between Naval Sea Systems Command and Gulf Island Shipyards, a small business out of Houma, La., enables the company to design and construct the T-ATS class naval vessel.
The Navy seeks to replace the Safeguard Class of Salvage and Rescue Ship and the Powhatan Class Fleet Ocean Tug with the T-ATS.
The contract includes options for seven additional vessels that potentially could bring the cumulative value of the deal up to more than $522.7 million.
Work on the contract will occur in multiple locations in the United States, as well as Norway, and is expected to be complete by September 2020.
The total amount of the contract will be obligated to Gulf Island Shipyards at the time of award from Navy fiscal 2016 shipbuilding and conversion funds.
The obligated funds will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year, the Pentagon said.
Feb. 3 (UPI) -- Harvard's Hasty Pudding Theatricals honored Ant-Man and Wet Hot American Summer icon Paul Rudd as its 2018 Man of the Year.
"The Pudding is proud to honor such a talented actor, whose career has spanned genres. He has starred in indies, mainstream films, acclaimed and often heartfelt comedies, and now he currently plays one of Marvel's biggest [and smallest] superheroes," a press release noted.
Previous recipients of the all-male theater troupe's annual award include Robert Downey Jr., Tom Hanks, Chris Pratt, James Franco, Jason Segel, Robert De Niro, Harrison Ford, Justin Timberlake and Ryan Reynolds. Founded in 1795, Hasty Pudding Theatricals is the oldest collegiate theater group in the United States.
Mila Kunis was recognized last week as the 2018 Hasty Pudding Woman of the Year.
Investigations are underway following an alleged break-in at Woodberry this morning.
Police say a man broke into a home on Segenhoe Street around 4am and allegedly attacked the 25-year-old resident with a piece of timber.
The alleged offender fled the scene.
The occupant was treated at the property and did not require hospitalisation.
Anyone with further information is urged to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
Image: Bigstock
THREE days ago trainer Mark Purdon was worried.
But after Lazarus on Saturday night continued his surge up the leaderboard of harness racing's all-time greats with a thrashing of Australasia's elite pacers in the $500,000 Hunter Cup, Purdon shook his head and said he should have known better.
Lazarus clipped a second off the track record mile rate for 2760m set last season.
He did it despite being forced to sit parked and amid fitness doubts.
He also did it three days after being smashed in track work by his own stablemate Heaven Rocks, who was a luckless third.
“I'll admit on Wednesday I was worried,” said a beaming Purdon, who trains Lazarus with Natalie Rasmussen.
“I shouldn't have been. When it comes to race night Laz knows. He did all that work and they tell me broke the track record, he is just an incredible horse.”
Camera Icon Lazarus surges clear to win the Hunter Cup. Picture: Supplied, Stuart McCormick
After Lazaruns was forced to miss the West Australia Cup two weeks ago with a hoof problem, Purdon said the Hunter Cup win was one of the most satisfying of his career.
But Lazarus still had one jewel in harness racing's crown to secure, the $750,000 Miracle Mile at Menangle on February 24.
He will contest a prelude there on February 17 and Purdon has no concerns about the hoof soreness returning.
“He will be fine. He recovered from that pretty quickly so I don't have any concerns going to Sydney.”
Beaten driver Greg Sugars, who finished second on Soho Tribeca, said he had no answer against Lazarus.
“My horse went great and I was happy enough with my drive but really what can you do against that?” Sugars said.
WASHINGTON | President Donald Trump struck a variety of false notes in his big speech to Congress this past week and followed up with a curious coda — a plain-as-your-face exaggeration about the TV audience that tuned in for it.
A look at some of Trump's recent statements, from his State of the Union address and beyond:
TRUMP: “Thank you for all of the nice compliments and reviews on the State of the Union speech. 45.6 million people watched, the highest number in history.” — tweet Wednesday.
THE FACTS: Not the highest in history. Trump's TV viewership as measured by Nielsen (45.6 million, as he said) trailed that for first State of the Union speeches by Barack Obama (48 million), George W. Bush (51.7 million) and Bill Clinton (46.8 million).
In this Jan. 30, 2018, photo, President Donald Trump delivers his State of the Union address to a joint session of Congress on Capitol Hill in Washington. Trump struck a variety of false notes in his big speech to Congress this past week and followed up with a curious coda _ a plain-as-your-face exaggeration about the TV audience that tuned in for it. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
Trump also got more TV viewers in his first speech to Congress a year ago (47.7 million) than in his first State of the Union address Tuesday night.
There is no reliable measure for how many people watched Tuesday on their computers or phones, a slice of viewership that is not counted by Nielsen. But Trump was not factoring in those viewers in his false claim. He cited the Nielsen number only.
TRUMP: “We've signed into law the biggest tax cuts and reforms in American history.” — remarks Thursday to Republican lawmakers' retreat.
THE FACTS: No. The December tax overhaul ranks behind Ronald Reagan's in the early 1980s, post-World War II tax cuts and at least several more. He made the same claim Tuesday night and countless times before that.
An analysis by the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget in the fall put Trump's package as the eighth biggest since 1918. As a percentage of the total economy, Reagan's 1981 cut is the biggest followed by the 1945 rollback of taxes that financed World War II.
Valued at $1.5 trillion over 10 years, Trump's plan is indeed large and expensive. But it's much smaller than originally intended. Back in the spring, it was shaping up as a $5.5 trillion package. Even then it would have only been the third largest since 1940 as a share of gross domestic product.
State of the Union SPEECH:
TRUMP: “The third pillar (of my immigration plan) ends the visa lottery — a program that randomly hands out green cards without any regard to skill, merit or the safety of our people.”
THE FACTS: The program is not nearly that random and it does address skills, merit and safety.
The diversity visa program awards up to 50,000 green cards a year to people from underrepresented countries, largely in Africa. It requires applicants to have completed a high school education or have at least two years of experience in the past five years in a selection of fields identified by the Labor Department.
Winners are then randomly selected by computer, from that pool of applicants who met the pre-conditions. Winners must submit to extensive background checks, just like any other immigrant.
TRUMP: “We have ended the war on American energy.”
THE FACTS: What war? Energy production was unleashed in past administrations, particularly Obama's. Advances in hydraulic fracturing before Trump became president made it economical to tap vast reserves of natural gas. Oil production also greatly increased, reducing imports.
Before the 2016 presidential election, the U.S. for the first time in decades was getting more energy domestically than it imports. Before Obama, George W. Bush was no adversary of the energy industry.
One of Trump's consequential actions as president on this front was to approve the Keystone XL pipeline — a source of foreign oil, from Canada.
TRUMP: “We are now very proudly an exporter of energy to the world.”
THE FACTS: There's nothing new in that. The U.S. has long exported all sorts of energy, while importing even more. If Trump meant that the U.S. has become a net exporter of energy, he's rushing things along. The U.S. Energy Information Administration projects that the U.S. will become a net energy exporter in the next decade, primarily because of a boom in oil and gas production that began before Trump's presidency. The Trump White House has predicted that could happen sooner, by 2020. But that's not “now.”
TRUMP: “For decades, open borders have allowed drugs and gangs to pour into our most vulnerable communities.”
THE FACTS: The borders were far from open before his presidency, however imperfectly they may have been guarded.
The government under George W. Bush and Obama roughly doubled the ranks of the Border Patrol, and Bush extended fencing to cover nearly one-third of the border during his final years in office. The Obama administration deported more than 2 million immigrants during the eight years he was in office, more than in previous administrations.
Border arrests, a useful if imperfect gauge of illegal crossings, have dropped sharply over the past decade.
TRUMP: “Many car companies are now building and expanding plants in the United States, something we haven't seen for decades.”
THE FACTS: He's wrong about recent decades. The auto industry has regularly been opening and expanding factories since before Trump became president. Toyota opened its Mississippi factory in 2011. Hyundai's plant in Alabama dates to 2005. In 2010, Tesla fully acquired and updated an old factory to produce its electric vehicles.
Trump also declared that “Chrysler is moving a major plant from Mexico to Michigan.” That's not exactly the case, either. Chrysler announced it will move production of heavy-duty pickup trucks from Mexico to Michigan, but the plant is not closing in Mexico. It will start producing other vehicles for global sales and no change in its workforce is anticipated.
TRUMP: “We repealed the core of the disastrous Obamacare — the individual mandate is now gone.”
THE FACTS: No, it's not gone. It's going, in 2019. People who go without insurance this year is still subject to fines.
Congress did repeal the unpopular requirement that most Americans carry insurance or risk a tax penalty, but that takes effect next year.
TRUMP: “We have sent thousands and thousands and thousands of MS-13 horrible people out of this country or into our prisons.”
THE FACTS: That's an exaggeration and goes beyond how even Attorney General Jeff Sessions, the administration's most aggressive anti-gang enforcer, characterizes the scope of the effort.
Sessions said in speeches this past week that federal authorities had secured the convictions of nearly 500 human traffickers and 1,200 gang members, “and worked with our international allies to arrest or charge more than 4,000 MS-13 members.” On other occasions, the attorney general has specifically said the 4,000 number reflects work done with “our partners in Central America.”
That suggests that at least some of the MS-13 members Trump is referring to weren't actually in the U.S when they were arrested, and aren't now in U.S. prisons.
TRUMP: “We have ended the war on beautiful clean coal.”
THE FACTS: Coal is not clean. According to the Energy Department, more than 83 percent of all major air pollutants — sulfur dioxide, carbon dioxide, toxic mercury and dangerous soot particles — from power plants are from coal, even though coal makes up only 43 percent of the power generation. Power plants are the No. 1 source of those pollutants.
Coal produces nearly twice as much heat-trapping carbon dioxide per energy created as natural gas, the department says.
In 2011, coal burning emitted more than 6 million tons of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides versus 430,000 tons from other energy sources combined.
Associated Press writers Hope Yen, Josh Boak, Matthew Daly, Ricardo Alonso-Zaldivar, Eric Tucker, Seth Borenstein and Elliot Spagat contributed to this report.
Find AP Fact Checks at http://apne.ws/2kbx8bd
Follow @APFactCheck on Twitter: https://twitter.com/APFactCheck
The Taoiseach has criticised the Irish media, claiming journalists are more interested in gossip.
Leo Varadkar made the comments during his trip to New York - where he launched Ireland's bid to win a seat on the UN Security Council.
During the event hosted by the Irish Consul General on Monday, The Taoiseach claimed Donald Trump's attacks on the media is one of the few things he can sympathise with the US President about.
According to the Irish Times Leo Varadkar made the remarks at a private function - however details of the conversation have since emerged.
Mr Varadkr says the media isn't interested in the truth, but the story and claims political journalists are more interested in gossip at Leinster House than the workings of Government.
He also took aim at the print media who he said focussed on technology and social media companies because they're taking away their business - and said some investigative journalism in Ireland is incorrect.
A spokesperson for the Toaiseach says his comments were taken out of context but Labour leader says to attack the Irish media when on a diplomatic and strategic trade mission is wholly inappropriate.
Brendan Howlin says Leo Varadkar seems more concerned to control the story than support a free press.
Ontario Labour Minister Kevin Flynn says he doesn't see any warning signs about construction safety when it comes to Ottawa's $2.1-billion Confederation Line.
“I will tell you we do pay particular attention to the largest sites, to the larger projects, because you've got so many interactions happening at the same time and on the same sites, but there really is nothing about this site that would tell me this is an unsafe site,” Flynn said Monday at the Shaw Centre, where provincial ministers are participating in the Association of Municipalities of Ontario conference.
Flynn said the Ottawa LRT construction site must be inspected on a regular basis, but that's not unique for a project of that magnitude.
“I'm very aware as the minister of labour that there's a heightened sensitivity to that site. I'm paying particular attention to it,” Flynn said. “But I think you have to remember in Ontario we work in one of the safest places you can possibly work in the entire world. I want to make sure the (Ottawa LRT) site meets those same standards as well and there's no reason that it can't.”
Safety on the city's largest infrastructure project has been a nagging theme over the course of construction, which started in October 2013.
On one side, the local labour council says the site isn't safe. On the other side, the city and contractor, Rideau Transit Group, say safety is at the forefront of the project and that its lost-time injury rate is better than the industry average for heavy construction.
There have been reports of minor injuries during construction, including two incidents in March — one where a worker was struck in the head with a hose, and another who was hurt installing rebar. In other major incidents, such as the Rideau Street sinkhole last year and a crane toppling at the eastern tunnel portal earlier this year, workers have been fortunate to escape injuries.
Last May, the Ministry of Labour charged the construction contractor with alleged violations related to upkeep at an LRT worksite.
The ministry has also made orders to improve safety at the LRT construction sites.
Flynn said the ministry's biggest tool is proactive visits to worksites, but inspectors can't be everywhere.
“I think the working relationship we have with the site, with the employers and the employees right now is a healthy one. I want to see that project complete,” Flynn said of the Confederation Line.
The 12.5-kilometre first phase of LRT is scheduled to open on an unspecified date in 2018.
jwilling@postmedia.com
twitter.com/JonathanWilling
Artemisinin is a potent antimalarial compound produced naturally by the Chinese shrub Artemisia annua, commonly known as sweet wormwood. Currently,however, the low amount of artemisinin produced in the leaves of this plant does not meet the global demand. In a study published by April 24 in the journal Molecular Plant, researchers in China report a high-quality draft genome sequence of A. annua and their use of this information along with gene expression data to metabolically engineer plant lines that produce high levels of artemisinin. World Malaria Day is observed on April 25.
"Nearly half of the world's population is at risk of malaria," says senior study author Kexuan Tang of Shanghai Jiao Tong University. "Our strategy for the large-scale production of artemisinin will meet the increasing demand for this medicinal compound and help address this global health problem."
According to the World Health Organization, malaria affected approximately 216 million people in 91 countries in 2016 and caused an estimated 445,000 deaths worldwide that year alone. Plasmodium falciparum is the most prevalent malaria parasite on the African continent, and it is responsible for most malaria-related deaths globally. The best available treatment for malaria, particularly for cases caused by P. falciparum, is artemisinin-based combination therapy. In addition to its antimalarial activity, therapeutic effects of artemisinin have been reported for cancer, tuberculosis, and diabetes. However, the supply of artemisinin is limited because this medicinal compound typically makes up only 0.1%-1.0% of the dry weight of A. annua leaves.
To fully harness this compound's therapeutic potential, researchers have developed metabolic engineering strategies aimed at enhancing the expression of artemisinin biosynthetic pathway genes. These efforts failed to generate A. annua lines that produced high levels of artemisinin, though, primarily because they focused on modifying gene expression only upstream or downstream of the artemisinin biosynthetic pathway. A major hurdle for metabolic engineering strategies has been the lack of reference genome sequences and limited information about the genes involved in regulating artemisinin biosynthesis.
To address this problem, Tang and his collaborators generated a high-quality draft assembly of the 1.74 gigabase A. annua genome, which contains 63,226 protein-coding genes, one of the largest numbers among sequenced plant species. It took several years to complete the genome sequence due to its large size and high complexity. The study adds a wealth of information about Asteraceae, one of the largest families of plants consisting of more than 23,600 species of herbs, shrubs, and trees distributed throughout the world, including many with considerable medicinal, ornamental, and economic importance.
"A major impediment to the exploitation of the Asteraceae resources in basic and breeding sciences has been the absence of reference genome sequences; to date, only the sunflower and chrysanthemum genomes have been released," Tang says. "The A. annua genome and transcriptome data we provide here will be a valuable asset for fundamental biological research on plant evolution and other topics as well as applied breeding programs."
Of particular importance, the A. annua genome sequence provided new insights into the entire metabolic pathway involved in artemisinin biosynthesis. Analysis of the protein-coding genes and gene expression patterns revealed the sophisticated regulatory networks underlying artemisinin biosynthesis. Based on the genomic and transcriptomic data, the researchers identified novel genes involved in regulating artemisinin biosynthesis. By simultaneously increasing the activity of three genes--HMGR, FPS, and DBR2--spanning the entire artemisinin biosynthetic pathway, the researchers generated A. annua lines that produced high artemisinin levels--3.2% of the dry weight of the leaves.
Leveraging these findings, Tang and his team have sent artemisinin-rich seed samples to Madagascar, the African country that grows the most A. annua, for a field trial. They are also continuing to explore ways to enhance artemisinin production, with the goal of developing A. annua lines whose leaves contain 5% artemisinin.
"We hope our research can enhance the global supply of artemisinin and lower the price from the plant source," Tang says. "It is not expensive to generate high-level artemisinin lines. We have propagated hundreds of high artemisinin producer lines via cutting and selection, and scaled up the production of these plants. Hopefully our high artemisinin transgenic lines will be grown at a massive scale next year."
###
This work was supported by the China National High Technology Research and Development Program, the China National Transgenic Plant Research and Commercialization Project and the Shanghai Jiao Tong University Agri-Engineering Program.
Molecular Plant, Shen, Q., Zhang, L., and Liao, Z., et al.: "The genome of Artemisia annua provides in 1 sight into the evolution of Asteraceae family and artemisinin biosynthesis" http://www.cell.com/molecular-plant/fulltext/S1674-2052(18)30123-0
If you haven't signed up for the Run as One race organised by Alphamega supermarkets then you still have 16 days to do so.
The event will include a corporate race, a half-marathon, a five-km and one-km individual run, all part of the Alphamega corporate social responsibility programme entitled Child, Nutrition and Health.
Commenting on the race, director and marking manager of Alphamega George Theodotou said “Run As One is the basis for the Child, Nutrition and Health Programme – which is the most important corporate social responsibility programme of Alphamega Hypermarkets. It's a programme that began last year with Run As One, and ran through the 2016-2017 school year. After last year's success, when the event attracted hundreds of runners, this year, the event continues to grow with the inclusion of a half-marathon and a corporate run. It is without a doubt one of the largest runs in Cyprus, so we invite beginners, as well as experienced runners to join us on Sunday, October 22 for the most precious cause, that of our children.”
The run will start and finish at the Alphamega supermarket in Engomi. The half-marathon will begin at 8.30am and the races will start at 11am. The cost to participate in the half-marathon is €20, for the corporate race is €200, and the cost to participate in the five-km and one-km races is €12. Children up to 12-years-old can participate in the one-km race for free.
Run As One
Half-marathon race, a five-km road race and one-km children's race to support the Child, Nutrition and Health programme of Alphamega. October 22. Alphamega Hypermarket, Engomi, Nicosia. Half-marathon starts at 8.30am and the races start at 11am. €12/20/200. Registration on https://www.alphamega.com.cy/
HAMILTON — Liberal Premier Kathleen Wynne travelled to the heart of her NDP rival's riding today to portray herself as the only seasoned elder stateswoman in the province's election campaign.
Wynne played up her credentials outside a Stelco steel plant in Hamilton.
As premier, she said, she had met leaders both in Canada and the United States amid threats by U.S. President Donald Trump to impose tariffs on Canadian steel.
Wynne criticized NDP Leader Andrea Horwath as too left on the political spectrum, and her Tory rival Doug Ford as too right to deal with such situations effectively.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) – A court document says a doctor prescribed oxycodone for Prince under the name of the musician's friend to protect his privacy.
Prince was 57 when he was found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at his Paisley Park home on April 21.
Autopsy results showed he died from an accidental overdose of fentanyl, a synthetic drug 50 times more powerful than heroin.
According to search warrants unsealed Monday, authorities searched Paisley Park, cellphone records of Prince's associates, and Prince's emails to try to determine where he got the fentanyl that killed him.
The documents suggest Prince was struggling with prescription opioid addiction.
One affidavit says Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg admitted he prescribed oxycodone for Prince in a Prince's associate's name “for Prince's privacy.”
A message left with Schulenberg's attorney wasn't immediately returned.
Comments
comments
July 4 (UPI) -- A fountain of lava at Hawaii's Kilauea Volcano created a swirling whirlwind to mark two months since it began erupting on the Big Island.
Fissure 8 was supplying lava to an open channel with intermittent small, short-lived overflows, the U.S. Geological Survey said Tuesday.
The spatter cone was 180 feet tall at its highest point.
The USGS captured on video a whirlwind of lava from the fissure June 30. The video was released Monday. The latest explosion registered as a 5.3-magnitude earthquake with an ash plume reaching about 1,200 feet.
More than 1,200 lightning strikes linked to the volcano were recorded between 7 a.m. and 2 p.m. Monday, the National Weather Service reported.
The eruption of Kilauea, which is Hawaii's most active of the state's five volcanoes, has caused more than 4,000 earthquakes and has covered 10.2 square miles of land. according to data from the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory. It began on May 3.
Fissure 22 is spewing lava from a conical spatter and feeding a short flow to the northeast along the edge of earlier flows.
Hawaiian Volcano Observatory scientists say the two fissures have destroyed 671 homes.
Fissure 22 is showing the most activity in recent weeks.
"It's something to watch," Rick Hazlett, associate researcher at the USGS Hawaiian Volcano Observatory, said to Hawaii News Now. "As we all know, things can change. But as I say, it hasn't stolen the energy and the volume of lava from the Fissure 8 vent that would otherwise make this a big concern."
Hawai'i County Mayor Harry Kim on Monday declared a state of emergency for at least the next 60 days and expanded an earlier supplementary emergency proclamation related to real property tax assessments for areas of lower Puna.
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what he learned from 2015 CFP
1:42 Pendleton native Michael Hill explains why he chose Ohio State over Clemson
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
0:39 Famously Hot New Years Fireworks Timelapse
1:55 Godspeed, John Glenn: 1921-2016
Employers often need to arrange corporate trips for the employees. Corporate trips for the employees are important for many reasons. A lot of business deals and agreements have been concluded on the corporate tours. Major business decisions may have been made based on the corporate trips. Thus, planning such trips with precision is the most crucial thing for employers. Basically, an organization has to make sure that the trip has been planned as well as managed with precision. It should complete the intended tour goals. Nevertheless, it must end within the most affordable budget.
To plan corporate trips successfully, employers have to know certain things. Here are some simple tips or tricks to make such trips successful.
Planning the Trip Itinerary
The first and foremost thing is to understand and evaluate the importance as well as goals of the corporate tour. A Corporate trip is not a trip that intends to provide fun and recreational activities to employees. Such trips are basically planned for business purposes. Meeting overseas clients and finalizing deals or providing presentations are the aims of corporate trips. Thus, travel itinerary has to be planned accordingly. The schedule should not be too much busy, yet it must not waste time on unworthy things. Meticulous itinerary planning will make the trip productive as well as beneficial for the business house.
Budget Estimation for the Trip
For corporate tours, employers have to plan the budget neatly. If budget is low, the best possible thing is to nominate a small team of employees for the tour. The Budget should include transportation charges, accommodation, foods and other expenses. Large portion of total expense has been dedicated for booking accommodation. For that purpose, employers can use online hotel booking portal for corporate. At the online hotel booking portals, the most budget-friendly and well-facilitated hotels can be found.
Checking the Hotel Amenitiesor Facilities
Choosing the right hotel for corporate trips is important. It is not all about accommodation. Ideally, the hotel should offer services like meeting rooms, conference rooms, audio-video presentation room, etc. Having all these facilities is important for the corporate travellers. Additionally, the hotel should have crucial facilities like Wi-Fi connectivity, 24 hours phone call services, etc. For healthy and safety of the corporate guests, the hotel must be equipped with all important security amenities and doctors on call service.
Passport and Paperwork
Employers have to make arrangement for the passport and visa for the nominated employees for the corporate trips. Apart from the passport or visa, paperwork has to be done with precision. Paperwork should include set of goals or instructions for the corporate travellers.
Prior Trip Preparations
Preparations are required before the trips so that the trip eventually becomes successful and profitable for the businesses. The most important thing is selecting the right individuals within an organization for the business tour. Basically, the employees need to understand their roles during the trip.They should also understand basic mannerism or etiquettes of the corporate tours.
Source: https://www.prlog.org/12711072-simple-tricks-for-successfully-planning-corporate-business-tours-for-company-employees.html
Buffalo Bills quarterback Tyrod Taylor agreed to have his contract restructured last offseason, allowing Taylor to remain the Bills' starting quarterback.
He does not seem willing to do that this time around.
A year ago, Taylor seemed to be headed out of Buffalo. But instead he went from being set to make $30.75 million guaranteed in 2017 to agreeing to a restructured deal that lowered his income as new head coach Sean McDermott and general manager Brandon Beane tried to keep Taylor while having enough money to improve the Bills' roster.
But Taylor was benched midway through the 2017 season in favor of rookie Nathan Peterman, who did little to instill the team's confidence in him.
Taylor regained the starting job and the Bills went 3-2 in his final five starts. More importantly, the Bills ended the NFL's longest active playoff drought.
But again he enters the offseason with questions about his contract. This time around, he is not likely to make the same contract concessions.
"Definitely not part of my mindset," Taylor said, according to the Buffalo News. "I've done that before. I don't think there's a need to do that again. That's definitely not part of my mindset."
Taylor says he loves playing in Buffalo, but after taking much of the blame for the Bills' woes in recent years, and being replaced as the starter during the season, he is thinking of his own professional future.
"I really haven't had any communications as to what's the plan moving forward," Taylor said. "I'm sure that it'll be communicated to me at some point, but as of right now, I'm going to continue to focus on myself mentally, physically, and get ready for another season."
If Taylor became a free agent, he could command a pretty good salary, and would give teams interested in acquiring a quarterback who is an alternative to Kirk Cousins, who figures to become a free agent with the Redskins' acquisition of Alex Smith.
According to Spotrac, the Bills would save about $10 million against the salary cap by releasing Taylor this offseason, and they could save $15 million if they designate him for a release after June 1.
But the Bills have few options at quarterback. Peterman does not seem to be the answer.
"Until I'm told otherwise, I'm a Buffalo Bill," Taylor said on NFL Total Access.
ROSEMONT, Ill. (Aug. 14, 2017) -- Orthopaedic surgeons are medical doctors with extensive training in the diagnosis as well as surgical and nonsurgical treatment of injuries to the musculoskeletal system. Orthopaedists can help prevent injuries; put people back together; provide patients with in-home exercises and ergonomically proper reconditioning programs; or pair patients with rehabilitation professionals for nonsurgical or post-surgical rehabilitation therapies. According to a new literature review published in the Journal of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons, therapeutic modalities -- or physical therapy -- can be a useful addition to exercise or to manipulative therapy to help improve bone-and-joint-based function affected by pain and/or injury.
"A variety of therapeutic modalities are used by physical therapists, athletic trainers, and occupational therapists to reduce pain and restore strength and function. These modalities are used in conjunction with rehabilitation exercise protocols to maximize function and to allow patients to achieve their functional and athletic goals," says Catherine A. Logan, MD, MBA, MSPT, lead author of the literature review. Dr. Logan is a physical therapist and an orthopaedic surgeon specializing in the development of post-surgical rehabilitation and return-to-play protocols.
Fast facts
Hot and cold. Some research supports cryotherapy--use of cold--to reduce inflammation, and thermotherapy--use of heat--to be used with stretching and joint mobilization techniques to increase range of motion. Both cold and hot therapies can be helpful in managing pain sensations.
Renewed interest. The ancient medical practice of "cupping therapy" "experienced a tremendous surge in interest since the Rio Olympics," says to Dr. Logan. "It theorizes that the suction of the cups mobilizes blood flow to an area to promote healing and recovery." While the effectiveness of these trends has not yet been determined due to lack of rigorous scientific evidence, it has been supported by empirical evidence."
Shocking-ly good. When paired with exercise therapy, electrical stimulation appears to be most effective among patients in neuromuscular re-education -- re-learning how to regain normal, controlled nerve and muscle movement--after anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) reconstruction. Iontophoresis -- providing medication through the skin by a direct, mild electrical current--has a limited role in short-term pain reduction. However, longer term use of iontophoresis is not recommended.
Explains Dr. Logan, "The utility of the majority of therapeutic modalities, with the exception of cryotherapy and neuromuscular electrical stimulation, is primarily during the acute recovery phase of rehabilitation. These modalities complement therapeutic exercise and manual therapy to aid in the patient's overall recovery, rather than an isolated treatment technique."
Having an injury that affects your ability to move can be devastating. How can you be sure you're pursuing the best course of treatment? Standard therapies can help patients progress through a series of rehabilitation phases:
1. Acute recovery -- focuses on the promotion of tissue healing, pain and inflammation reduction, and minimizing the impact of immobilization.
2. Subacute or intermediate -- follows a progression in strength and neuromuscular re-education, a normalization of range of motion, flexibility, and posture.
3. Advanced strengthening with appropriate sequencing -- incorporates more challenging strengthening exercises with the goal of improving strength, power, and endurance to help prevent re-injury.
4. Return to sport or activity -- prepares the patient or athlete for safe return to activity or sport.
###
There is no single therapeutic modality that is best for all patients, but for the most advanced information on preventing and treating injuries, and on how physical therapy could complement your nonsurgical or post-surgical rehabilitation, visit OrthoInfo.org.
More information about the AAOS
Follow the AAOS on Facebook and Twitter
Follow the conversation about JAAOS on Twitter
Disclosures
From the Steadman Philippon Research Institute, Vail, Colo.
Dr. Matthew T. Provencher, a coauthor on this article, or an immediate family member has received royalties from Arthrex; serves as a paid consultant to Arthrex and the Joint Restoration Foundation; and serves as a board member, owner, officer, or committee member of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons, the American Orthopaedic Society for Sports Medicine, the American Shoulder and Elbow Surgeons, the Arthroscopy Association of North America, the International Society of Arthroscopy, Knee Surgery, and Orthopaedic Sports Medicine, the San Diego Shoulder Institute, and the Society of Military Orthopaedic Surgeons. Neither of the following authors nor any immediate family member has received anything of value from or has stock or stock options held in a commercial company or institution related directly or indirectly to the subject of this article: Dr. Catherine A. Logan and Dr. Peter D. Asnis.
J Am Acad Orthop Surg 2017; DOI: 10.5435/JAAOS-D-15-00348
Always trust your instincts when it comes to buying jewellery off of private sellers, especially those trying to sell you what they claim to be ‘real gold.'
In a recent interview with the Express, a Central Alberta business was contacted by many residents claiming they had been sold real gold when really that wasn't the case.
Whether it's a gift for a family member or friend, an engagement or wedding band, it's important to know what you are buying.
A lot of the times, these ‘gold' pieces look and feel real. Some of the time the rings are even marked 18-karat gold on the inside, having people believe they are the real deal.
A big component to look for when someone is trying to sell you these pieces of jewellery is to really take into consideration the price. If it's too good to be true, it probably is. This is where trusting your instincts should come into play.
Even though it may look real and have that heavy feel to it, it's important to pay attention to the price.
On the lower end of the scale, someone may offer you $30 for a piece of what they claim to be ‘real' gold when let's be honest, that's not nearly the cost of a real piece of gold.
The one Central Alberta business had someone bring in a whole set they purchased for $500 and they paid $100 a piece. That, again, isn't what a whole set of real gold jewellery would cost, but you're now getting into those higher costs out of your pocket.
If there is a piece of gold jewellery you are interested in purchasing from a seller off the street, it's important to check first with the professionals who actually buy and sell real gold jewellery.
Go to that jeweller, get it tested and get educated on these products so that you can help others close to you to not buy these products.
For those who have purchased what claims to be a ‘real' piece of jewellery, it's important to take this to not only a jeweller to test it, but also to the RCMP so that these individuals who are selling these products can be held accountable for their actions.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SAN DIEGO -- The San Diego City Council Monday rejected a proposal to boost the salaries of the mayor and council members.
The council voted 7-2 to reject the proposal that would have boosted the mayor's salary from $100,464 to $107,095 effective July 1, 2019, and raised council pay from $75,386 to $80,361.
A city Salary Setting Commission, which began meeting last November, found that 26 council staff members earned more than council members, while 466 unclassified employees made more than the mayor.
Councilman Mark Kersey said while lower salaries can deter people from seeking public office, the council should not be voting on the issue.
"The process needs to be changed," he said.
Several council members suggested having the city's Rules Committee come up with a different solution, while Councilman Chris Ward said the public should vote on any proposed salary increase.
Councilman Scott Sherman said being a city council member "isn't supposed to be a career."
"We need to figure out a way to get the politics out of it," Sherman said. "What we have right now is not working."
Councilwoman Lori Zapf said while she understood criticism of letting the council vote on its own pay, the salary doesn't work for people "who actually have to support a family" and added that what the San Diego mayor earns "is a complete and utter disgrace."
As an example, Zapf said, the Chula Vista mayor makes $146,000 per year for a city of 243,000 residents, while San Diego has a population of 1.4 million.
She also said running a campaign is a grueling experience, and a if council member supports even a $1 increase, "I can guarantee you that your opponent will exploit that during a campaign."
NASSAU, The Bahamas — After 20 years of establishing diplomatic relations with China, The Bahamas continues to expand its cultural influence internationally through promoting diversity, building people-to-people friendships, and establishing sister city relationships through Sino-Bahamian expressions of mutual respect.
“There have been many exchanges of high-level delegations between our two countries as we deepened and strengthened our knowledge, understanding and appreciation of one another's cultures, priorities, commitments and needs,” said the Hon. Darren Henfield, Bahamas Foreign Affairs Minister.
“To be sure, much has happened between us. It is the people-to-people exchanges that have demonstrated to us the face of the relationship, and which help to provide mutual benefits and understanding.”
Minister Henfield presented his remarks at the 20th Anniversary celebration of The Bahamas' establishment of Diplomatic Relations with the People's Republic of China at ceremonies on August 11, 2017 at the British Colonial Hilton.
“Official bilateral relations between our two countries were established on the 23rd of May, 1997. As two member-states of the United Nations, we have been able to develop a mutually respectful and beneficial relationship in the twenty years since,” said Minister Henfield.
“Ours has been a particularly harmonious relationship that has been guided and solidified, in the first instance, through the will and effort of our two nations to develop that relationship into a friendship. So, Ambassador Huang, we welcome this opportunity to share this evening with you to acknowledge and celebrate the achievements reached between The Bahamas and China in those twenty years.”
Minister Henfield pointed out that the international relationship has introduced The Bahamas to the appointments of eight Chinese Ambassadors to The Bahamas and three Bahamian Ambassadors to China, as “the immediate and official link between our two Governments… to facilitate the communication, planning and implementation needed to realise our common aims and goals.”
Both countries have agreed upon the long-term goal of establishing a qualifying academic environment, comfortable for both Bahamian and Chinese students to choose The University of The Bahamas as an eminent educational institution for higher learning, research, and earning their academic degrees.
Minister Henfield added: “The Bahamas has been fortunate with the envoys who have been appointed to represent China in our country. You and your predecessors had a keen understanding of our common goals and aspirations, and the passion and commitment to move towards attainment of the same.”
Some of the notable diplomatic accomplishments over the last 20 years that Bahamians have witnessed emerging from the relationship between The Bahamas and China are construction of the Airport Corridor, the Thomas A. Robinson National Stadium, the Baha Mar resort complex, and The Pointe resort.
They also include the infrastructural developments to help buttress local coastlines against the ravages of sea-level rise, and the port developments in Grand Bahama and Abaco, along with the renewable energy endeavours.
“Modern diplomacy is built on a multitude of experiences and realities of different people, which allows them to co-exist peacefully in this shrinking world of ours. The ideals for which we are striving cannot happen unless we come together, meet each other and commit to work side by side,” said Minister Henfield.
“Respect for the sovereignty of nations, the promotion and advancement of the socio-economic and sustainable development agendas, urban and rural development, the protection of the environment and human rights, capacity building, and the quest for peace take place when, collectively, we combine our efforts.”
Bahamians also enjoy the mutual support for international candidacies, visa-free travel to China, natural disaster relief assistance, as well as the dialogues engendered and arrangements agreed at the national, regional and hemispheric levels.
“All contribute to a strong and mutually beneficial relationship, just to mention a few,” said Minister Henfield.
“China has proven to be a good friend and development partner to the people of The Bahamas. To this end, my Government will do its utmost to maintain and promote Sino-Bahamian relations through on-going dialogue between our capitals, and our business and cultural communities, for the benefit of both our nations and our peoples.”
New Star Soccer is a game that totally consumed our lives - and phone battery power - back in 2012/13 and we weren't the only ones. It has been downloaded 30 million times to date and won numerous awards for developer Simon Read.
Now he's back with an all-new football game, which will also be available for iOS and Android: New Star Soccer Manager.
It takes the same concept as the original, with the outcomes of matches dependant on your own skill as well as the stats of in-game players, but expands upon it greatly.
This time you get control over the entire team and behind-the-scenes shenanigans at football team, New Star FC.
Team tactics, formation, transfers and even sponsorship deals are yours to fiddle around with. Club infrastructure and finances are also important new facets, while player happiness will be paramount.
"In New Star Soccer Manager we wanted to give you ultimate control over how your team plays," said Read.
"Matches are played out in a similar way to New Star Soccer in that you only play out the highlights, but when you get hands on, you can pass, head, shoot, dribble and tell players where to make their runs."
An exact release date is yet to be revealed, although the latest trailer (above) claims that it is "coming soon". There go our lives all over again.
Today, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation hosted a celebratory event awarding $450,000 in grants to 11 nonprofit organizations for their commitment to the state. Lt. Governor Jeff Colyer, Walmart executives, associates and Walmart State Giving grant recipients gathered at the Topeka Supercenter to reflect on each organization's positive impact on Kansas residents. To close the ceremony, Walmart presented checks to each nonprofit in attendance.
“We appreciate the Walmart Foundation's commitment to supporting local organizations that make a difference in the areas of hunger relief and community engagement,” said Lt. Governor Jeff Colyer. “I have always said that Kansans are very generous and caring people. Giving back is the Kansas way. I am proud the Walmart Foundation is able to support programs and services that positively impact the lives of Kansans across the state.”
Twice a year, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation look for organizations that address the needs of the communities they serve and make a significant social impact on a local and state level. The following nonprofits received a Walmart Foundation State Giving grant to fund vital local programs:
The Center for Learning Tree Institute received a $71,539 grant to fund the installation of a new fire alarm system and more than 95 smoke detectors at the West Bourbon Elementary School in Uniontown, Kansas.
received a $71,539 grant to fund the installation of a new fire alarm system and more than 95 smoke detectors at the West Bourbon Elementary School in Uniontown, Kansas. East Central Kansas Economic Opportunity Corporation (ECKAN) received a $75,000 grant to support its Food & Nutrition Program, which aims to provide greater access to healthy foods for food-insecure households in its service area. Specifically, ECKAN will use the grant to purchase a refrigerated box truck, which will be used to safely distribute perishable food within a seven county area.
received a $75,000 grant to support its Food & Nutrition Program, which aims to provide greater access to healthy foods for food-insecure households in its service area. Specifically, ECKAN will use the grant to purchase a refrigerated box truck, which will be used to safely distribute perishable food within a seven county area. First Call for Help, Inc. received a $25,000 grant to purchase essential hygiene items – including laundry soap, shampoo, hair conditioner, bath soap, toothpaste and other products – for shelter residents.
received a $25,000 grant to purchase essential hygiene items – including laundry soap, shampoo, hair conditioner, bath soap, toothpaste and other products – for shelter residents. Inter-Faith Ministries received a $41,461 grant to purchase a new conversion van, which will be used to transport residents, deliver supplies and food and facilitate its street outreach program.
received a $41,461 grant to purchase a new conversion van, which will be used to transport residents, deliver supplies and food and facilitate its street outreach program. Kansas School for Effective Learning received a $25,000 grant to fund the organization's GED and English programs. These initiatives help students meet the educational requirements of the workplace while also helping them reach their overall education and career goals.
received a $25,000 grant to fund the organization's GED and English programs. These initiatives help students meet the educational requirements of the workplace while also helping them reach their overall education and career goals. The Lord's Diner received a $35,000 grant for its Feeding the Hungry initiative, which aims to combat hunger in the community. The grant will be used to benefit the organization's current expansion projects, including the addition of a third food truck to its mobile program and a third fixed site location in Pittsburg.
received a $35,000 grant for its Feeding the Hungry initiative, which aims to combat hunger in the community. The grant will be used to benefit the organization's current expansion projects, including the addition of a third food truck to its mobile program and a third fixed site location in Pittsburg. Northwest Kansas Area Agency on Aging, Inc. received a $59,000 to support its Homestead Nutrition Program, which aims to serve thousands of hot, nutritious meals to seniors on a daily basis. The grant will be used to purchase new kitchen equipment, which will replace old and outdated materials.
received a $59,000 to support its Homestead Nutrition Program, which aims to serve thousands of hot, nutritious meals to seniors on a daily basis. The grant will be used to purchase new kitchen equipment, which will replace old and outdated materials. Operation Homefront received a $33,000 grant for its Back To School Brigade, which aims to purchase backpacks, school supplies and lunch supplies for school-aged military children to prepare them for school.
received a $33,000 grant for its Back To School Brigade, which aims to purchase backpacks, school supplies and lunch supplies for school-aged military children to prepare them for school. Race Against Breast Cancer received a $25,000 grant to fund its No-Cost Mammography program, providing free mammograms to those in need.
received a $25,000 grant to fund its No-Cost Mammography program, providing free mammograms to those in need. Special Olympics Kansas received a $30,000 grant for its Healthy Athletes program, which provides free health screenings to registered Special Olympics Kansas athletes at competition venues and stand-alone events throughout the year.
received a $30,000 grant for its Healthy Athletes program, which provides free health screenings to registered Special Olympics Kansas athletes at competition venues and stand-alone events throughout the year. U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops Family Crisis Center, Inc. received a $30,000 grant to purchase a van to help transport families in crisis to doctor's appointments, work, school and anywhere else they may need.
"The simple mission of The Lord's Diner to feed the hungry is blessed with the support of many individuals and companies interested in alleviating hunger," said Jan Haberly, Director of The Lord's Diner. "This support enables us to reach out to those experiencing food insecurity. This includes the working poor, many of whom are families with children, the mentally and physically disabled and seniors on fixed incomes as well as the homeless."
In FY16, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation gave more than $10.6 million in cash and in-kind contributions last fiscal year to support nonprofit organizations and programs in Kansas focused on fighting hunger and healthy eating, veteran reintegration, workforce development, disaster preparedness and other needs specific to many Kansas communities. The contributions are a portion of the $1.42 billion dollars in total giving by Walmart and the Walmart Foundation during FY16.
To be considered for support, prospective grantee organizations must submit applications through the Walmart Foundation State Giving Program's online grant application. Applicants must have a current 501(c)(3) tax-exempt status in order to meet the program's minimum eligibility criteria. Additional information about the program's funding guidelines and application process are available online at www.walmartfoundation.org/stategiving.
After a devastating arson fire at a Maui school, students at a neighboring campus decided to help cheer the children up and teach them about the joy of giving.
Saint Nicholas and his elves transformed Maui High School's cafeteria into Santa's Workshop. Students and staff donated new items for keiki as well as adults. Children from Kahului Elementary School could buy up to four gifts for their family and friends at deeply discounted prices.
"I think just having them be able to kind of enjoy Christmas will make their school year a whole lot better," said MHS student body president Camryn Ban.
A suspected arson fire on November 24 caused an estimated $1.2 million in damage at Kahului Elementary. Classes resumed more than a week later.
"They've been through a lot these past couple of weeks so I think it's just a little picker-upper for them to have a nice holiday," said student activities coordinator Glenda Joyo.
On Thursday, parents waited outside the gift center while the students picked out presents which were wrapped for free. Before leaving, the children stopped to snap a photo with Santa.
"I think it helps them forget about it, and it teaches them responsibility. It's fun and cheerful," said Jennifer Wood, the parents of two Kahului Elementary School students.
The $1,000 collected from the elementary school students will be donated to the Children's Cancer Foundation on Oahu.
"My favorite part was getting gifts for everyone," said Abigail Wood, a student at Kahului Elementary School.
The leftover gifts will be given to the high school's special education department which will be running a thrift store for students on campus.
This was Maui High's 4th annual Santa's Workshop, which is a student government project. Each year one of the elementary schools in the complex is invited to the campus.
CLEARWATER, Fla. – Florida police have raised eyebrows by showing up at a funeral home and trying to use a dead man's finger to access his phone, the Tampa Bay Times reports.
Victoria Armstrong was at Sylvan Abbey Funeral Home in Clearwater when two detectives showed up and held the hands of her fiance, Linus Phillip, to the fingerprint sensor on his phone.
“I just felt so disrespected and violated,” Armstrong says. The unlocking attempt failed, but police—who shot and killed Phillip in a gas-station clash last month, per WFLA—say the phone's data could have helped in probing the man's death and resolving a drug inquiry that includes Phillip.
The move also triggered debate about using a corpse to unlock a phone.
“While the deceased person doesn't have a vested interest in the remains of their body, the family sure does, so it really doesn't pass the smell test,” says a professor at Stetson University College of Law. “There's a ghoulish component to it that's troubling to most people.”
But police say they got Phillip's phone within a 48- to 72-hour period when fingerprint access is allowed, and Florida law only states who are authorized to get rid of a dead person's remains—not who has access to them.
So this will likely go to the courts, where judges aren't always kind to the dead. “The law has been most cruel, really unforgiving to a dead person,” says another law professor. “It provides no entitlement or legal rights after death to a deceased person.”
This article originally appeared on Newser: Cops Try Unlocking Phone With Dead Man's Finger
More From Newser:
By LEXI BROWNING
For the West Virginia Press Association
CHARLESTON — Budget issues led the discussion Tuesday, February 7, 2017, when members of AARP's Capitol Advocacy Team met with members of the media to discuss the upcoming legislative session's potential economic impact on West Virginia and residents across the state.
Panelists Ashton Marra, statehouse reporter for West Virginia Public Broadcasting, Jeff Jenkins, chief capitol correspondent for MetroNews, and Don Smith, executive director of the West Virginia Press Association, outlined their expectations for the session. AARP Associate State Director Tom Hunter moderated the discussion, which was part of a day of meetings with legislators.
Jenkins said he expected the budget shortfall to dominate Gov. Jim Justice's State of the State address this week. Based on his recent conversations with legislators, Jenkins said potential remedies being considered for the budget deficit include tax increases and departmental cuts.
“Not only are they balancing the new year's fiscal budget of $500 million, but also (dealing with) the $130 million in the current budget, so there's going to be some big decisions with cuts that hurt,” Jenkins said.
While legislators are waiting to hear the Governor's plan, Smith said legislative leaders have mentioned possible sales tax increases and eliminating the sales tax exemptions to aide in balancing the state's budget.
In his inaugural address, Gov. Justice said he would consider any course of action in achieving a balanced budget and that West Virginians could expect an elimination of “unnecessary agencies” in the education department.
Along with budget issues, education took precedence at Tuesday's discussion, with Hunter noting a majority of AARP members in the audience were retired educators.
Marra said she anticipated cuts throughout all state agencies, particularly the education sector, which could have immediate impacts on teachers' salaries, textbook purchases and school supplies.
“We've seen those cuts in the past with the public education system, but those cuts have been centralized in the state department of education here in Charleston,” Marra said. “If you speak to the superintendent, however, he says we're at the point where he can't supply the services the schools rely on and that the schools need … You've got dozens of school systems on the brink of being in the red, and the Department of Education tracks that on a monthly basis. There are counties like Raleigh and Boone who have announced that they're laying off teachers. I don't think the legislature has the political will to cut further, but where else will that money come from?”
Further cuts to higher education could result in overwhelming student debt or a student's inability to attend college at all, Marra said.
Angela Vance, AARP West Virginia associate director for advocacy, said the state AARP chapter would again place an emphasis on assisting caregivers and continuing to fight financial exploitation of the state's elderly population during this year's session.
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan to Harvey Weinstein: There was no consent
Rose McGowan to Harvey Weinstein: There was no consent
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
Prosecutors: Gun went off in girl's backpack at LA school
Prosecutors: Gun went off in girl's backpack at LA school
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
Arizona man who sold ammo to Las Vegas shooter is charged
Arizona man who sold ammo to Las Vegas shooter is charged
On Groundhog Day, health officials say flu's shadow continues to cover United States.
On Groundhog Day, health officials say flu's shadow continues to cover United States.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
New twists in probe of Natalie Wood's mysterious 1981 death
New twists in probe of Natalie Wood's mysterious 1981 death
Disgraced gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar to hear from more victims who say he molested them when third and final sentencing hear resumes.
Disgraced gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar to hear from more victims who say he molested them when third and final sentencing hear resumes.
Judge admonishes victims' dad who charged at Nassar in court
Judge admonishes victims' dad who charged at Nassar in court
North Dakota judge will decide whether woman who admitted killing pregnant neighbor so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby should get a sentence other than life in prison without parole.
North Dakota judge will decide whether woman who admitted killing pregnant neighbor so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby should get a sentence other than life in prison without parole.
Calls for change are growing in state capitols across the country after continued allegations of sexual misconduct by lawmakers.
Calls for change are growing in state capitols across the country after continued allegations of sexual misconduct by lawmakers.
(AP Photo/Brian Skoloff). Douglas Haig takes questions from reporters at a news conference Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Chandler, Ariz. Haig spoke about his experience selling ammunition to the gunman who killed 58 people and injured hundreds more in the O...
(Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department via AP, file). FILE--This Oct. 2017 file photo released by the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Force Investigation Team Report showing the interior of Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock's 32nd floor roo...
CHANDLER, Ariz. (AP) - The Latest on an Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman who carried out the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history (all times local):
5:30 p.m.
Las Vegas police wouldn't say whether armor-piercing ammunition was fired during the deadliest shooting in modern U.S. history after a dealer who sold it to the gunman was charged with manufacturing such bullets.
Officer Larry Hadfield on Friday referred to a preliminary report released last month.
It says some rifle magazines were loaded with various types of bullets, including armor-piercing ammunition and armor-piercing incendiary ammunition.
The report says a "complete breakdown" of the types of ammunition loaded in the guns and the cartridge casings expended will be documented in the final report. It's unclear when that report will be available.
A criminal complaint says Douglas Haig's fingerprints were found on unfired armor-piercing bullets inside the hotel room where Stephen Paddock launched the attack Oct. 1.
Federal officials declined or didn't immediately respond to requests for comment.
___
This item has been corrected to show the preliminary report released last month, not this month.
___
3:45 p.m.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history has been charged with manufacturing armor-piercing bullets.
A complaint says unfired armor-piercing bullets found inside the Las Vegas hotel room where the attack was launched on Oct. 1 contained the fingerprints of ammunition dealer Douglas Haig of Arizona.
The complaint filed Friday in federal court in Phoenix says Haig didn't have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition.
He was charged shortly before holding a news conference Friday. He said he noticed nothing suspicious when he sold 720 rounds of ammunition to Stephen Paddock in the weeks before the attack that killed 58 people.
Haig is a 55-year-old aerospace engineer who sold ammunition as a hobby for about 25 years.
___
11:50 a.m.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history says his one-time customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
Douglas Haig said at a news conference Friday that he met Stephen Paddock at a Phoenix gun show in the weeks before the Oct. 1 shooting in Las Vegas that killed 58 people.
The sale was later completed at Haig's home in the Phoenix suburb of Mesa.
Haig was named as a "person of interest" in the investigation.
But a law enforcement official has since told The Associated Press that he isn't believed to have committed a federal crime or to have had any knowledge of the attack.
The official wasn't authorized to discuss the investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity.
- Associated Press writer Michael Balsamo
___
12:30 a.m.
An Arizona man plans to speak out about his experience in selling ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Douglas Haig is scheduled to hold a news conference Friday in Chandler to discuss his sale to Stephen Paddock.
This week, Haig said he couldn't detect anything wrong with Paddock.
Haig was named as a "person of interest" in the Oct. 1 shooting in Las Vegas that killed 58 people.
But a law enforcement official has since told The Associated Press that Haig isn't believed to have committed a federal crime or to have had any knowledge of the attack.
The official wasn't authorized to discuss the investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity.
It's unknown whether the ammunition Haig sold to Paddock was used in the attack.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
La Jolla, Calif., April 24, 2018 - Colorectal cancer is the third most common cancer worldwide and the third-leading cause of cancer-related deaths. The main cause of death in patients with colorectal cancer is liver metastasis, with nearly 70% of patients eventually developing a liver tumor. Recent research has revealed low levels of a tumor suppressor called protein kinase C zeta (PKC zeta) in human colorectal cancer cells and distant metastasis, but it has not been clear how thiscontributes to the spread of tumors and poor prognosis in patients.
A new study by Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery Institute (SBP) researchers helps explain the connection between PKC zeta and metastatic colorectal cancer. Published in Cell Reports, the research describes how PKC zeta deficiency promotes liver metastasis through the inactivation of an enzyme called ADAR2 and the subsequent secretion of molecules called miR-200s from cancer cells into the blood. In addition, treatment with a compound that inhibits the secretion of miR-200s significantly reduced liver metastasis in mice with colorectal cancer.
"Our findings suggest that elevated blood levels of miR-200s could serve as a non-invasive diagnostic marker for patients at risk of metastasis," says senior study author Jorge Moscat, Ph.D., director of Metabolism Initiatives and director and professor of the Cancer Metabolism and Signaling Networks Program at SBP's NCI-designated Cancer Center. "Moreover, our study is of great potential therapeutic relevance because it providesproof of concept that targeting signals that are activated by the loss of PKC zeta can be useful anti-metastatic therapies."
Unleashed signaling pathways
In a previous study, Moscat and his collaborators identified PKC zeta as a tumor suppressor in colorectal cancer. As reported in 2013 in the journal Cell, they found that loss of PKC zeta leads to metabolic changes that allow cancer cells to survive and proliferate under conditions of nutrient deprivation, resulting in tumor formation in mice and poor prognosis in human patients. But it has been challenging todevelop therapies that targetPKC zetato restore tumor suppressive activity.
"An alternative approach is to look for cell vulnerabilities created by the loss of the tumor suppressor's function," saysstudy author Maria Diaz-Meco, Ph.D., a professor in the Cancer Metabolism and Signaling Networks Program at SBP. "This is the rationale behind investigatingthe signaling pathways unleashed during PKC zeta inactivation in cancer."
To address this question, Moscatand Diaz-Meco focused on the potential involvement of miRNAs--molecules that play an important role in regulating gene activity. An increasing body of evidence has shown that dysregulated miRNAs are associated with certainhallmarks of cancer, including sustained proliferation, resistance of cell death, and metastasis.
"Understanding the mechanisms controlling the expression of miRNAs is emerging as a novel approachto design better strategies to treat metastasis," Moscat says. "Whether PKC zeta isinvolved in the repression of tumor initiation and survival--and also restrains metastasis through the regulation of the expression of miRNAs, had not previously been explored."
Cancer's Achilles' heel
In the new study, the researcher teamscreened PKC zeta-deficient human colorectal cancer cells for changes in miRNAs. They found that loss of PKC zeta is most prominently associated with decreased levels of the miR-200 family. Additional experiments showed that PKC zeta deficiency promotes liver metastasis of colorectal cancer cells through ADAR2 inactivation, which increases the loading of miR-200s into vesicles that are subsequently secreted by the cells.
Consistent with this finding, colorectal cancer patients with metastatic tumors have increased blood levels of vesicles containing miR-200s. In mice with colorectal cancer, injection of a compound that inhibits the secretion of miR-200s significantly reduced liver metastasis.
"Altogether the results reported here highlight the importance of identifyingsignaling vulnerabilities unleashed upon the inactivation of tumor suppressors and establish PKC zeta-derived signals controlling miR-200s as potentially important therapeutic targets in cancer metastasis," Diaz-Meco says.
Moreover, the discovery that ADAR2 is a key vulnerability of PKC zeta-deficient cells could have broad clinical relevance, in light of past studies showing that this enzyme acts as a tumor suppressor in brain cancer, stomach cancer, liver cancer, and esophageal cancer. Despite the importance of ADAR2 in a wide range of cancers, little is known about how it inhibits tumor growth and migration.
In future studies, Moscat and his collaborators will address this question by investigating how ADAR2 regulates the secretion of miR-200s. "Given thatmetastasis accounts for more than 90% of all cancer-related deaths, identifying a therapeutic target that regulates the spreadof multiple types of tumors could have a tremendous impact on patient survival," Moscat says.
###
Co-authors of this study include: Phillip M. Shelton, Angeles Duran, Yuki Nakanishi, Miguel Reina-Campos, Hiroaki Kasashima, Victoria Llado, Li Ma, Alex Campos (SBP), Damián Garcí-Olmo, Mariano García-Arranz, (Fundación Jiménez Díaz University Hospital, Universidad Autónoma de Madrid), Dolores C. García-Olmo (Institut de Recerca Biomédica), Susan Olmedillas-López (Fundación Jiménez Díaz University Hospital), and Javier F. Caceres (University of Edinburgh).
Funding for this study came, in part, from NIH (R01DK108743, R01CA172025, R01CA207177, R01CA192642, R01CA218254).
About SBP
Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery Institute (SBP) is an independent nonprofit medical research organization that conducts world-class, collaborative, biological research and translates its discoveries for the benefit of patients. SBP focuses its research on cancer, immunity, neurodegeneration, metabolic disorders and rare children's diseases. The Institute invests in talent, technology and partnerships to accelerate the translation of laboratory discoveries that will have the greatest impact on patients. Recognized for its world-class NCI-designated Cancer Center and the Conrad Prebys Center for Chemical Genomics, SBP employs about 1,100 scientists and staff in San Diego (La Jolla), Calif., and Orlando (Lake Nona), Fla. For more information, visit us at SBPdiscovery.org or on Facebook at facebook.com/SBPdiscovery and on Twitter @SBPdiscovery.
IRELAND CAPTAIN CAELAN Doris admits his side are bitterly disappointed after falling agonisingly short of upsetting the odds on the opening night of the U20 World Championship, but can take positives from their performance against France.
The Ireland team dejected at full-time. Source: Ryan Byrne/INPHO
Noel McNamara's side pushed France all the way after taking a 17-5 lead into the break, but a powerful second-half performance from the Six Nations champions saw them score three quick-fire tries to record a 26-24 win.
Harry Byrne's late try gave Ireland hope heading into the final 10 minutes in Perpignan but ultimately the hosts held out, leaving Doris and his team-mates to rue that period after the break when France seized ontrol of the contest.
Ireland will now need to beat South Africa on Sunday [KO 3.30pm, eir Sport] to retain any chance of progressing through to the semi-finals, but an encouraging display leaves grounds for optimism for the rest of the campaign.
“We focused on coming out, we knew they were coming out on the back of winning the Six Nations and in front of a home crowd, so we knew that first 20 minutes was big and we were happy with that and we were happy with the second 20,” Doris said afterwards.
“It's just they got that purple patch coming out for the second half, we built back from there but just didn't get close enough unfortunately. We had high hopes coming into it and we fell short, so it's very disappointing.”
The Leinster number eight added: “There were a lot of positives, we've two massive games now so the focus turns to them and getting our recovery right for South Africa.”
For France, it was the perfect start to their home tournament but they were given an almighty scare by Ireland, who were much better defensively than when the sides met in the Six Nations back in February.
Ireland captain Caelan Doris. Source: Ryan Byrne/INPHO
Irish-born prop Daniel Brennan — the son of former Leinster, Toulouse and Ireland second row Trevor — admitted the French were caught off guard by Ireland's early aggression.
“We're happy to play at home, it's a home World Cup, so we're very motivated but I think we had a really bad start to the game but we got back in the second half so we're happy we got the win. That's what we came here for,” he said.
“The Irish team were very aggressive, they came in very aggressive and I think we weren't expecting that so we just got all the boys together and got pumped up at half-time so everyone was on track for the second half.
“We always knew it's going to be tough, we've played against them three times in the last 12 months and it's always been a tough game. They played us where we weren't good today, so they're done well.”
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
US President Donald Trump, well-known for his “fake news” mantra, has once again blasted media organizations and their journalists for reporting lies.
President Trump has repeatedly accused different media outlets of reporting lies, with CNN and ABC involved in recent cases. He tweeted that CNN was “caught red-handed” with fake news on Russian meddling. According to the report, the President's son, Donald Trump Jr., received an email, giving him access to some hacked documents of the Democratic Party from WikiLeaks, on September 4, 2016, before they had been made public. However, the date was wrong: the email was sent on September 14, after the material was officially published.
CNN'S slogan is CNN, THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS. Everyone knows this is not true, that this could, in fact, be a fraud on the American Public. There are many outlets that are far more trusted than Fake News CNN. Their slogan should be CNN, THE LEAST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 9 декабря 2017 г.
​Blasting CNN on his Twitter feed, Trump recalled Brian Ross of ABC News for another incorrect story, reporting that Trump, while still a candidate for president, had directed Michael Flynn, the former national security adviser, to establish contact with the Kremlin.
Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. They were caught red handed, just like lonely Brian Ross at ABC News (who should be immediately fired for his “mistake”). Watch to see if @CNN fires those responsible, or was it just gross incompetence? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 9 декабря 2017 г.
​This weekend President Trump's criticism targeted Dave Weigel, a journalist from The Washington Post, who had erroneously downsized the audience at Trump's rally in Florida. Trump had previously boasted that arena, where he urged people to vote for Roy Moore, accused of sexual misconduct, in the Senate election, was “packed to the rafters”:
GREAT EVENING last night in Pensacola, Florida. Arena was packed to the rafters, the crowd was loud, loving and really smart. They definitely get what's going on. Thank you Pensacola! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 9 декабря 2017 г.
​In the meantime, Weigel apologized for tweeting a photo of a mostly empty arena before the rally on his personal account, and deleted the picture, minutes after Trump's “Twitter storm.”
.@DaveWeigel @WashingtonPost put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived @ the venue, w/ thousands of people outside, on their way in. Real photos now shown as I spoke. Packed house, many people unable to get in. Demand apology & retraction from FAKE NEWS WaPo! pic.twitter.com/XAblFGh1ob — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 9 декабря 2017 г.
Sure thing: I apologize. I deleted the photo after @dmartosko told me I'd gotten it wrong. Was confused by the image of you walking in the bottom right corner. https://t.co/fQY7GMNSaD — Dave Weigel (@daveweigel) 9 декабря 2017 г.
​While Weigel explained that “everything he said on Twitter was a joke,” Trump couldn't be stopped anymore; he went as far as to demand that he should be fired:
.@daveweigel of the Washington Post just admitted that his picture was a FAKE (fraud?) showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in Pensacola when, in fact, he knew the arena was packed (as shown also on T.V.). FAKE NEWS, he should be fired. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 9 декабря 2017 г.
​Trump is well-known for being rather eloquent in everything concerning media slamming, and this time was no exception: he ended up calling the “Fake News Media” and journalists publishing purposely false stories “a stain on America.”
Very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the Fake News Media. They are out of control — correct reporting means nothing to them. Major lies written, then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed…a stain on America! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 10 декабря 2017 г.
​The recent “fake news” scandal didn't go unnoticed on social media. While some users questioned Weigel's professional skills…
How many seconds did you spend on verifying your story before you post it? — Alex Wu (@sffrog25) 9 декабря 2017 г.
Everyone is in a hurry to be first how about being correct? First means crap if you cheat or lie to get there — Hispanics 4 Freedom (@hisp4freedom) 10 декабря 2017 г.
If by bad tweet, you mean false, that is one thing and you corrected it. Nothing, however, can correct the snarky, mean spirited motivation as evidenced by the caption you included. Why are you guys so unprofessional? — Churn Dash (@ChurnDashSlash) 10 декабря 2017 г.
It is a known fact that Trump rallies are always packed to the rafters. So I don't understand why somebody would believe that suddenly Trumpers will stop showing up. #MAGA — Peggy Hill 🇱🇷 (@ilovemyhank) 10 декабря 2017 г.​
Others didn't miss a chance to lash out at Trump…
He's not the only one who should be fired! — NAACP Springfield MA (@naacpspfld) 9 декабря 2017 г.
So when you lie you should be fired as wel correct, or is that not how this works? — Kaleb D Hartgrave (@KalDexHar) 9 декабря 2017 г.
You tweeted unverified videos, supported a pedophile for senate, admitted to groping and many people in PR still don't have power. — L J (@jodicel) 10 декабря 2017 г.
​Ever since Trump assumed office, he's been attacking media organizations and their journalists for being “truly dishonest”, “fake”, “bad”, and “crooked”, which, according to the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad al Hussein, may result in the incitement of violence toward media.
READ MORE: Trump Urges US Intel Panel to Investigate American Media Spreading 'Fake News'
US President Donald Trump announced the recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital on December 6. The Israeli prime minister has expressed his expectations concerning most EU countries to follow the US move.
Benjamin Netanyahu was greeted by EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini during the first official visit of an Israel's prime minister the EU in 22 years.
Mogherini has addressed the Jerusalem issue recently escalated after the US move on it, saying that the union would continue to recognize the "international consensus" on Jerusalem.
The Israels' top official, in his turn, has commented on the issue by saying that it is time for the Palestinian side to recognize the Jewish state and Jerusalem as its capital, adding that the Donald Trump's decision had only recognized the evident fact and had laid the foundation for peace, which now had become possible.
"I think what President Trump has done is put facts squarely on the table. Peace is based on reality. Peace is based on recognizing reality and I think the fact that Jerusalem is Israel's capital is clearly evident," Netanyahu said in the Belgian capital of Brussels during a press briefing.
This position echoes his previous statement made the day before, urging Palestinians to agree on the Jerusalem's issue and "to sit and negotiate peace" during his talks with French President Emmanuel Macron in Paris.
READ MORE: Netanyahu Calls on Palestinians to Agree Jerusalem is 'Israel's Capital'
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has stated that he expected most EU countries to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital, following the US recent move on the issue.
The US president has recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and signed a document to move the US embassy from Tel Aviv to the heavily disputed city, sparking violently negative reactions around the world. The sharpest rebukes, however, were sounded all around the European Union and in the Middle East.
READ MORE: Thousands of Protesters Rally in Berlin Over Trump Jerusalem Move (VIDEO)
The issue of the Israeli settlement policy is among the key obstacles for the the peace process between Israel and Palestine, which is seeking diplomatic recognition for its independence on the territories of the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, which are partially occupied by Israel, and the Gaza Strip. The Israeli government refuses to recognize Palestine as an independent political and diplomatic entity and continues to build settlements in the occupied areas, despite objections from the United Nations.
Hawaii visitors will be getting some life-saving advice in their hotel rooms. Drowning is the leading cause of injury-related death among visitors in the state -- with 43 visitor drownings statewide last year alone -- and ocean safety leaders are hoping a new series of public service announcements will make a difference.
Hawaii visitors will be getting some life-saving advice in their hotel rooms. Drowning is the leading cause of injury-related death among visitors in the state -- with 43 visitor drownings statewide last year alone -- and ocean safety leaders are hoping a new series of public service announcements will make a difference.
The number of visitors to Hawaii climbed nearly 5 percent last month compared to the same month last year.
The number of visitors to Hawaii climbed nearly 5 percent last month compared to the same month last year.
When tragedy strikes a popular tourist destination, how the visitor industry responds plays a major role in preventing long-term damage.
That concept is driving a new effort to teach tourism students at Kapiolani Community College how to prepare for the worst.
A class called "Tourism Safety and Security" has only been offered at KCC since last fall, but instructor Frank Haas is working to make it a required course for the hospitality program.
"Safety and security are part of hospitality. We want the students going into the industry to be aware of the potential scenarios and how it affects the guests and how it affects the industry," said Haas.
He says Hawaii is known as one of the safest destinations in the world for visitors, but that could all change if the state isn't resilient.
"That reputation can go away awfully quickly. There's an impact that can be financial or reputation-wise if your guests are not safe. And if there's an incident, it can really impact your business," he said.
Haas says 2017 has given his class many real-life examples from which they can learn and develop emergency plans.
"We've had people coming in to talk about sea level rise and sex trafficking. We've talked about food-borne illness, terrorism, active shooters. We teach our students to pay attention to that so they can anticipate, plan for, train for, and hopefully minimize the possibility of risk," Haas said.
Students say the class has taught them how to serve guests in a more impactful way.
"We become soft targets all of the time if you're not aware of these things," said Joanna Palomar.
"To know what's going on in our industry, it's very important for us," said Clifford Yacapin.
Tourism leaders say empowering the students with this knowledge before they enter the workforce will help strengthen the industry.
"They're going to walk in much more prepared than we were at their age. In the world we live in, its the right thing to do," said George Szigeti, Hawaii Tourism Authority president and CEO.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
The City of Biloxi is taking steps to make sure people enjoying Cruisin' the Coast stay weather-conscious as Tropical Storm Nate sets sights on the Gulf Coast.
Biloxi firefighters passed out fliers along Highway 90 to encourage people to pay attention to weather forecasts.
Classic car owners from out of town say they're not willing to chance any storm damage to some of their most prized possessions.Tammy Rogers, a resident of Beaumont, Texas is especially cautious now since Harvey left her neighborhood flooded.
"We're probably going to leave tomorrow because of the weather coming in. We were in Harvey a few weeks ago in Beaumont. We were in the middle of it, and we don't want to be in that again," she said.
The City of Biloxi is issuing alerts to avoid a potential traffic jam of vehicles trying to leave town all at once. City spokesman Vincent Creel says the city sent out the alert not to alarm people, but to remind them to make smart decisions.
"Since the weather will be threatening, Friday night, and Saturday morning, we think that perhaps they should consider cutting their visit short. What we want everyone to know is that we have threatening weather coming this weekend," Creel stated. "We have thousands of visitors in town right now. We have more than 700 R.V.'s along our waterfront. We feel it's prudent for them to continue to monitor the weather reports."
Captain Brian Rouse with the Biloxi Fire Department says most cruisers he's talked to while giving out the fliers are remaining calm while planning to heed the warning.
Rouse noted, "We're getting a positive response, you know most people down here camping are local people, or from the surrounding area. Anywhere from north of New Orleans to Mobile and north, they pretty much know the scenario."
The WLOX weather team is keeping a close eye on the threat of severe weather. Download the WLOX First Alert Weather app or visit wlox.com/weather for the latest updates, and click here to view the WLOX Hurricane Center.
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All rights reserved.
Dublin 2-13
Tyrone 1-11
Declan Bogue reports from Omagh
DUBLIN CONTINUE TO steamroll teams with their execution of the game's basic skills and their ruthlessness in front of goal, as demonstrated in Healy Park tonight when home side Tyrone felt they could go toe to toe in a slug out, and left nursing some deep hurts.
A disastrous second half, when Tyrone failed to take advantage of a numerical advantage, is shown up by seven wides in that period, to go with the five they had compiled in the first half.
Meanwhile, Dublin did not send a single shot wide in the second half, and only two in the first. They are operating off a set of standards that no other team have right now. It's nothing to do with funding, and everything to do with the brilliance of a panel of players.
Tyrone were even primed with a great start, Cathal McShane's 1-1 in the first five minutes setting them up for the game. But after that Tyrone's wounds were self-inflicted.
Dublin's first goal came midway through the first half when they improvised and Brian Fenton sent a searching high ball in from a free and Ciaran Kilkenny – who played closer to goal than we ever saw before – held off Aidan McCrory, knocked it down and stabbed home the loose ball past Niall Morgan.
The second goal came with a little over-indulgence of Tyrone in the defence, substitute Colm Basquel setting up fellow replacement Eoghan O'Gara for a simple tap-in.
Dublin's Eoghan O'Gara hit the net tonight in Healy Park. Source: Philip Magowan/INPHO
Utterly unselfish and committed to the process. Sounds boring in print, looks amazing in the flesh.
Tyrone were ahead 1-7 to 1-5 at the break but even despite Niall Scully being dismissed after a second yellow card on the 48th minute, Dublin powered on to run out five-point victors.
Scorers for Dublin: Ciaran Kilkenny 1-2, Dean Rock 0-4 (0-4f), Eoghan O'Gara 1-0, Colm Basquel 0-3 (0-1f), Kevin McManamon 0-2, James McCarthy, Brian Fenton 0-1 each.
Scorers for Tyrone: Lee Brennan 0-6 (0-3f), Cathal McShane 1-1, Conor McAliskey 0-2, Niall Sludden, Peter Harte 0-1 each.
Dublin
1. Stephen Cluxton (Parnells)
21. Philly McMahon (Ballymun Kickhams)
3. Michael Fitzsimons (Cuala)
4. Darren Daly (Fingal Ravens)
5. Johnny Cooper (Na Fianna)
6. James McCarthy (Ballymun Kickhams)
7. John Small (Ballymun Kickhams)
8. Brian Fenton (Raheny)
9. Michael Darragh Macauley (Ballyboden St Enda's)
10. Brian Howard (Raheny)
11. Ciaran Kilkenny (Castleknock)
12. Niall Scully (Templeogue Synge Street)
20. Paul Mannion (Kilmacud Crokes)
14. Dean Rock (Ballymun Kickhams)
22. Kevin McManamon (St Judes)
Subs
2. David Byrne (Naomh Olaf) for Small (49)
17 Paddy Andrews (St Brigid's) for McManamon (51)
13. Colm Basquel (Ballyboden) for Mannion (61)
24. Eoghan O'Gara (Templeogue Synge Street) for Rock (65)
18. Shane Carthy (Naomh Mearnóg) for McCarthy (68)
19. Eric Lowndes (St Peregrine's) for Fenton (69)
Tyrone
1. Niall Morgan (Edendork)
2. Ciaran McLaughlin (Omagh)
3. Cathal McCarron (Dromore)
4. Hugh Pat McGeary (Pomeroy)
5. Tiernan McCann (Killyclogher)
6. Padraig Hampsey (Coalisland)
7. Peter Harte (Errigal Ciaran)
8. Matthew Donnelly (Trillick)
9. Declan McClure (Clonoe)
10. Richard Donnelly (Trillick)
11. Niall Sludden (Dromore)
21. Aidan McCrory (Errigal Ciaran)
13. Lee Brennan (Trillick)
14. Cathal McShane (Owen Roes)
15. Connor McAliskey (Clonoe)
Subs
22. Michael McKernan (Coalisland) for HP McGeary (22)
24. Ronan McNamee (Aghyaran) for McCrory (half-time)
20. Conall McCann (Killyclogher) for McClure (48)
23. Ronan McNabb (Dromore) for McLaughlin (56)
19. Frank Burns (Pomeroy) for R Donnelly (56)
17. Mark Bradley (Killyclogher) for T McCann (62)
Referee: Maurice Deegan (Laois)
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Missouri Governor Eric Greitens hopes to get a criminal trial quickly behind him.
At a hearing Monday, attorneys for the Republican governor told Judge Rex Burlison they expect to request an earlier trial date and bench trial. The circuit attorney's office opposes both notions.
Greitens was indicted last month on a charge of felony fourth-degree invasion of privacy for allegedly taking an unauthorized photo of a woman with whom he was having an affair in 2015, before he was elected. Greitens has admitted to the affair but denied criminal wrongdoing.
The case is scheduled for a jury trial starting May 14.
But the governor is expected to ask a judge to move up his criminal trial to April 3, more than a month earlier than scheduled.
Defense attorney Edward L. Dowd Jr. says the request for an earlier trial date is anticipated but hasn't been formally filed. Dowd says Greitens is entitled to have his case heard quickly.
Recent news:
Kingstone raises $30mn proceeds from offering
David Bull 15 February 2017
Kingstone Companies raised final net proceeds of $30.2mn from its recent share issue after underwriters exercised their purchase option at the public offering price of $12.00.
As previously reported, the Kingston, New York-based insurer will use funds raised to contribute capital to its operating subsidiary Kingstone Insurance as it seeks a ratings upgrade from AM Best.
The northeast US-focused multi-line P&C carrier had the outlook on its B++ financial strength rating and bbb issuer credit rating revised from stable to...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
BLOOMINGTON, Ind. -- Researchers from three universities have found that extreme price competition in the generic pharmaceutical market -- designed to make medications more affordable -- may be putting more patients at serious health risk, as evidenced by a higher number of product recalls caused by manufacturing-related problems.
The same research, published online today in the Journal of Operations Management, also raises concerns that generic drugmakers may be underreporting discretionary recalls due to competitive pressures.
"Extreme price competition in the generic pharmaceutical market has some unexpected risks that regulators and lawmakers may not have foreseen when pushing for cheaper drugs," said George Ball, assistant professor of operations and decision technologies at the Indiana University Kelley School of Business and the study's lead author.
"There's a downside to cheaper drugs: You can't guarantee that they're going to be of the exact same quality," Ball said. "This research demonstrates that regulators and insurers may want to temper their intense public pressure placed upon pharmaceutical companies to bring prices down. Such pressure may come at a cost: poorly manufactured drugs."
Other authors of the paper are Rachna Shah, associate professor of supply chain and operations at the University of Minnesota's Carlson School of Management, and Kaitlin Wowak, assistant professor in the Department of Information, Analytics and Operations at the University of Notre Dame's Mendoza College of Business.
The researchers assessed the impact of the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act -- commonly called the Hatch-Waxman Act -- which was intended to increase competition in the pharmaceutical industry and lower drug prices by expediting the approval process for generic drugs. The process has led to a considerable increase in the number of generic drugs entering the marketplace since its passage in 1984.
It's generally believed that generic drugs are of equivalent quality to the original pioneer drug because they have the same formulation and because generic manufacturers are audited by FDA regulators to the same manufacturing quality standards. But the authors' study of 939 recalls at 64 firms over a 12-year period found that generic drug companies facing more product competition have more serious Class 1 and 2 manufacturing recalls. These are the recall classes designated by the FDA that may cause death or medically reversible harm to the customer.
While generic drugmakers are not allowed to change the design of the product, they have considerable leeway regarding manufacturing decisions.
"This may explain why firms producing a higher proportion of generic products may have higher rates of recalls," Shah said. "These decisions may include reducing labor costs, hiring less experienced employees or lowering maintenance costs by servicing manufacturing equipment less often. Firms may also respond to intense competition by purchasing lower-cost ingredients."
Ball, Shah and Wowak used data from the FDA's annual Orange Book, which contains all approved pharmaceutical products for sale in the U.S. and classifies whether a drug is a new drug application (NDA) or an abbreviated new drug application (or a generic). They compared its information with recall data from 2002 to 2014.
"Our results demonstrate that as product competition increases, manufacturing-related recalls increase," Wowak said. "This is particularly evident when firms are encouraged to compete on product price, are free to set prices, and the design of the product is unalterable."
The professors also found that the relationship between product competition and manufacturing-related recalls is not universal but is contingent upon managerial discretion. This finding may indicate that while price competition via more generic drugs leads to more serious manufacturing problems in the production process, it may also encourage managers not to announce recalls when they have discretion.
They believe that their findings suggest the need for changes in processes used by the Food and Drug Administration. These include requiring more detailed and precise documentation about how the generic drug will be produced and how stringently the manufacturing plants that product generic pharmaceuticals are inspected.
###
Editors: For further assistance in obtaining a copy of the paper, "Product Competition, Managerial Discretion and Manufacturing Recalls in the U.S. Pharmaceutical Industry," contact George Vlahakis at the IU Kelley School of Business at vlahakis@iu.edu or 812-855-0846 or Steve Rudolph at the Carlson School of Management at skr@umn.edu or 612-624-8770.
Market Highlights:
Major factors driving the growth of cloud VPN market is the increasing shift towards virtualization and growing dependence of enterprises on web-based solutions and services. Also growing data security concerns is expected to drive the growth of global cloud VPN market.
Cisco Systems, Inc., Microsoft Corporation, Google, Inc., NCP Engineering, Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd., Robustel, and Oracle Corporation are a few major players in the global cloud VPN market. Increasing adoption of cloud VPN solutions in IT and telecommunication industry vertical is fuelling the market growth. Increasing popularity of bringing your device and growing adoption of mobile devices is one major factor responsible for fuelling the market growth. Also, growing demand for secure remote access is another factor driving the growth of global cloud VPN market.
in the connectivity segment, remote access connectivity is expected to hold the largest market share of the global cloud VPN market. This is owing to the growing popularity of bring your device and increasing adoption of mobile devices across organizations. Whereas, by organization size, the SMEs sub-segment is expected to grow at the highest rate during the forecast period. This is due to the centralized management capabilities and cost-effectiveness offered by cloud VPN solutions, owing to which they are increasingly being deployed by SMEs across different industry verticals.
North America holds the largest share of the market across the globe followed by Europe and Asia Pacific region. The U.S. and Canada are dominating the North America market due to rising technological enhancements and growing adoption of cloud VPN solutions in the region. Moreover, the region has a well-established infrastructure, which allows faster implementation of advanced technologies. Additionally, the growing adoption of cloud VPN solutions across different industry verticals such as BFSI, healthcare, manufacturing among others is another factor responsible for driving the growth of the cloud VPN market in the region.
The global Cloud VPN Market is projected to reach USD 11 billion at a CAGR of over 22% by the end of the forecast period 2017-2023.
Major Key Players:
Cisco Systems, Inc. (U.S.)
Microsoft Corporation (U.S.)
Google, Inc. (U.S.)
NCP Engineering (Germany)
Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. (China)
Robustel (China)
Oracle Corporation (U.S.)
Contemporary Controls Systems, Inc. (U.S.)
Virtela (U.S.)
Singapore Telecommunications Limited (Singapore)
Cohesive Networks (U.S.)
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5738
Regional Analysis:
The global cloud VPN market is studied in Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, and Rest of the World. North America is estimated to account for the largest share of the market, whereas Asia Pacific is projected to grow at the fastest rate during the forecast period.
The growth of the market in North America is attributed to technological advancements and increased adoption of cloud VPN applications across various industry verticals such as BFSI, healthcare, manufacturing and IT and telecommunication among others.
Cloud VPN Market Segmentation:
The global cloud VPN market is segmented on the basis of the component, connectivity, organization size, and vertical. The component segment is classified into software and services. However, the services sub-segment is expected to grow at the highest rate during the forecast period.
This is owing to the increasing number of cloud VPN solution providers majorly focusing on support and maintenance services as these services are very crucial and required at each phase of implementation.
Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/cloud-vpn-market-5738
Intended Audience:
Technology Investors
Research/Consultancy Firms
Government Bodies
Consulting Service Providers
Technology Providers
System Integrators
Software Vendors
Service Providers
Cloud Platform Providers
Mobile Application Developers
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Solutions, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
By Andrew Kahn
College basketball fans were treated to some great non-conference matchups to start the season: Duke-Kansas, Carolina-Kentucky, Louisville-Kentucky, to name three. Now it's time for league play. Here are 10 of the best games, listed chronologically, to watch this season.
Note: All stats and records reflect games played through Tuesday, Dec. 27.
Villanova at Butler, Jan. 4
The Wildcats are currently No. 1 in the country and haven't lost since March 12, in the Big East championship. They visit Hinkle on the heels of a trip to Creighton, and neither game will be easy. Butler has already beaten Arizona and Indiana on neutral courts. Nova's Josh Hart, a senior, and Butler junior Kelan Martin are having monster seasons.
Kansas at West Virginia, Jan. 24
Kansas has won 12 straight Big 12 regular season championships, but has lost three straight in Morgantown. “Press Virginia” is in full effect this season: The Mountaineers are forcing turnovers on a ridiculous 35 percent of opponents' possessions, easily the best rate in the country. The Jayhawks have one of the best backcourts in the country in senior Frank Mason III and junior Devonte' Graham.
Kentucky at Florida, Feb. 4
It's Kentucky and everyone else in the SEC, but Florida probably has the best shot among league teams at beating the Wildcats this season (keep in mind South Carolina doesn't get UK at home). The Gators have not passed their bigger tests so far this season but they have balanced scoring—five players average between 9 and 14 points—and have kept opponents from running. If they can force Kentucky into a half-court game, they'll have a chance.
Indiana at Wisconsin, Feb. 5
The Badgers, Boilermakers, and Hoosiers have separated themselves atop the Big Ten in the nonconference (and are currently 14 through 16 in the polls). Indiana and Wisconsin played a one-point game and overtime game in two meetings last year. As is the case for all the games on this list, expect the home crowd to be rocking.
Louisville at Virginia, Feb. 6
The 15-team ACC is chock-full of exciting matchups, and this one certainly qualifies. Neither game between the Cards and Cavs figures to be high scoring—they are ranked 1 and 2 in KenPom's adjusted defensive efficiency—but there's plenty of talent on the court.
North Carolina at Duke, Feb. 9
Hard to imagine this matchup ever not being on a list like this. The game at Cameron gets the edge because of the atmosphere, though the treatment Grayson Allen receives on the road, assuming his suspension is lifted, is worth watching.
Oregon at UCLA, Feb. 9
Oregon's two losses are not bad (at Baylor; Georgetown in Maui) and Dillon Brooks missed the Baylor game and came off the bench for just 13 minutes against Georgetown, his first game back after having offseason foot surgery. If you've forgotten about the Ducks, you'll be reminded of them by the time they play the Bruins for the second time.
Gonzaga at Saint Mary's, Feb. 11
Saint Mary's swept the regular season series last year but lost in the West Coast Conference tournament finals and didn't make the NCAA Tournament. The Gaels can score with anyone, and the Zags have the talent to break through to the Final Four for the first time in program history.
Kansas at Baylor, Feb. 18
Baylor climbed to fourth in the country on the strength of several impressive nonconference wins. The Bears, like West Virginia, could pose a threat to Kansas' Big 12 title streak. Kansas has won eight straight in this matchup, including three head-to-head victories in each of the past two seasons.
Indiana at Purdue, Feb. 28
These two teams play in Bloomington on Feb. 9, but your viewing schedule is already booked that night. This in-state rivalry should not be overlooked, and a meeting this late in the season could have Big Ten title implications.
Andrew Kahn is a regular contributor to CBS Local. He writes about college basketball and other sports at andrewjkahn.com and covers the Michigan basketball team for UMHoops.com. Email him at andrewjkahn@gmail.com and follow him on Twitter at @AndrewKahn
Find the latest updates as soon as they come to hand in one place here, as 1 NEWS provides rolling updates of important information and releases.
9.50pm: We are also evacuating the south side of Cashmere Road to Kennedy's Bush Road, and to Hoon Hay Valley Road, says Christchurch City Council.
9.40pm - vision from the 1 NEWS weathercam on Sugarloaf reveals the ferocity of the blaze.
9.35pm Kordia says its transmission site located at the bottom of Sugarloaf, which provides services that include television and radio for the Christchurch area, is currently under 'significant threat by the Port Hills fire'. Kordia says it has activated its disaster recovery plans and is 'working with its customers to prepare for the worst'.
9.30pm: Authorities are advising that the fire has crossed Dyers Pass Road into Victoria Park, Christchurch City Council says. Police and theDefence Force are evacuating properties.
8.15pm Christchurch Police are putting extra patrols in fire-hit areas to provide reassurance to members of the public, and to check in on those with power outages. There have been no more evacuations since Kennedy's Bush Rd was cleared earlier today. Police suggested that it would be good for people to check on their neighbours, who could be feeling anxious.
8.10pm Authorities are stressing that anyone near the Port hill fires should be packed and ready to go at all times if required to evacuate.
7.39pm MAJOR UPDATE Three houses have been destroyed on Hoon Hay Valley Road this afternoon, and one on Old Tai Tapu Road. The Selwyn District Council says the fire is now within about 1655 hectares - though not all of that is alight, as some has been extinguished. The Marley Hill fire has spread down Worsley Spur causing considerable burning at the Christchurch Adventure Park, which has been evacuated. The fire is approaching the residential area of Westmorland.
7.29pm All aircraft will need to stio fighting the fire at nightfall due to the danger of hitting powerlines, and there is currently no contingency plan if the fire has not been contained by then.
6.21pm A state of civil emergency has been declared. The mayors of Christchurch and Selwyn Districts jointly agreed to enact the state this evening. The declaration follows the evacuation of 200-300 people from residential properties.
6.13pm Orion says it remains on alert after today's power outage, which affected much of Christchurch for half an hour, and was caused by the fire. They said this evening that the course of the fire and its position still threatens the power supply, and further outages are possible.
5.41pm Evacuees can call 03 363 7400 if they don't have transport to leave their property.
5.36pm Police say displaced residents in Selwyn should make their way to the Selwyn Events Centre on Meijer Drive, Lincoln for further information as evacuations continue. Christchurch residents who have been evacuated should head for the Halswell Library.
5.14pm The crashed helicopter of pilot Steve Askin will be airlifted off the Port Hills tomorrow as the investigation into how it went down while fighting the fires continues. The Transport Accident Investigation Commission says this will depend on weather and how the fires are going.
5.13pm Further evacuations are underway due to the ongoing fire risk on Kennedy's Bush Rd, and its intersecting streets, from the Halswell Quarry up toward the end of Kennedy's Bush Rd. Residents should leave their homes immediately and head to the Halswell Library for more information.
5.08pm The NZDF has been called in to help combat the Port Hills fire, Defence Minister Gerry Brownlee says. They will assist with logistics, equipment and manpower where required.
4.58pm Residents of Early Valley Road and some areas of Westmorland and Cracroft are being evacuated by Civil Defence.
4.45pm The Christchurch Transport Operations Centre has issued an urgent plea: Please do not go sightseeing in fire areas to take photos or video. There have been cases of residents being obstructed from the homes and they need to have easy access in the case of evacuation.
4.32pm Worsleys Road is closed just past Cashmere Rd to all traffic and residents, and Police are managing a checkpoint. Hoon Hay Valley Rd has also been closed to the public due to people coming with the intent of viewing the fire, and obstructing emergency services. Residents can still get in.
Current Road Closures:
Cashmere Road is closed west of Kaiwara Street through to Kennedys Bush Road.
Worsleys Road is closed
Hoon Hay Valley Rd is closed
Kennedys Bush Road is closed form the roundabout with Rock Hill Drive. This includes the southbound cycle track
Worsleys Track from Worlseys Road is closed
Dyers Pass Road is closed between Hackthorne Road to Governors Bay Road. Use the Lyttelton Tunnel or Gebbies Pass as the alternate route
Summit Road is closed between Gebbies Pass and Rapaki Track
Old Tai Tapu Road is closed between Osterholts Road and Early Valley Road
Early Valley Road is closed
The gin and tonics served up at Russell's Saloon & Gin Emporium, have been voted the best in Ireland.
The popular Park Street bar had their gin serving skills tested as part of The Irish Gin And Tonic Festival and voters crowed their G&T's as the best in the land.
Jean McGuinness, Bar Manager of Russell's in Dundalk told the website Lovin.ie:
"The public reacted brilliantly to The Irish Gin & Tonic Fest, with Stephen Murphy from Old Carrick Mill hosting a fantastic spread of gin tastings and food pairings.
"Everybody is so curious about Irish gin these days and they were excited to meet the distiller of our festival gin. Our choice of using fresh pear with the blueberries went down a storm with our customers as they said the garnish really brought out the fruit in the gin and the bitterness in the Fever Tree tonic."
Golfer Tiger Woods had pain, anxiety and sleep medications, as well as THC, in his system when he was arrested on Memorial Day on suspicion of driving under the influence, according to a toxicology report released Monday by the Palm Beach County (Florida) Sheriff's Office.
A urine test revealed hydrocodone and hydromorphone, two opioid pain medications; alprazolam, prescribed for anxiety and panic disorders; zolpidem, a sedative prescribed for insomnia; and metabolites of alprazolam and of THC, the active ingredient in marijuana. Metabolites are what remains in the body after a person uses a drug.
"Recently, I had been trying on my own to treat my back pain and a sleep disorder, including insomnia, but I realize now it was a mistake to do this without medical assistance," Woods said in a statement Monday. "I am continuing to work with my doctors, and they feel I've made significant progress. I remain grateful for the amazing support that I continue to receive and for the family and friends that are assisting me."
The US National Library of Medicine warns against mixing alprazolam with either hydrocodone or hydromorphone, suggesting that the combination might lead to dizziness, lightheadedness, extreme sleepiness, slowed or difficult breathing, or unresponsiveness. In particular, hydrocodone plus alprazolam may increase the risk of "breathing problems, sedation, coma, or other serious, life-threatening side effects."
Police records indicate that Woods, 41, was found asleep on the side of a road in his 2015 Mercedes-Benz. The engine was running and the brake lights on, with the right turn signal flashing. The front and rear tires on the driver's side had gone flat, with both tire rims showing minor damage.
Police found no crash or property damage.
When he was awakened, Woods' speech was slurred. Dahscam video released by the police show him walking unsteadily when asked to get out of his car; shortly thereafter, he is unsure of what is happening to him. A Breathalyzer registered 0.000 for alcohol.
The police report noted that Woods was cooperative.
Woods said at the time of his arrest that alcohol was not involved and that he had "an unexpected reaction to prescribed medications."
In June, the golfer stated on Twitter that he was receiving "professional help" to manage his medications for back pain and a sleep disorder. In July, he said he had completed an out-of-state private intensive program.
Last week, Woods entered a DUI first-offender program, according to a representative for the state attorney in Palm Beach County.
The program typically calls for a defendant to plead guilty to a lesser charge of reckless driving, but no plea was entered on behalf of Woods. His arraignment is set for October 25.
Woods has won 14 major tournaments, second only to Jack Nicklaus. The golfer hasn't played competitively since he withdrew from the Dubai Desert Classic in February due to back spasms.
He underwent fusion surgery on his back this year, his fourth operation since 2014. Woods wrote that "it was instant nerve relief" in a post on his website May 24.
Woods said Monday, "Regarding my back, I recently spoke to my surgeon and he's very pleased with how my fusion is healing. I'm right on schedule. I'm now doing some light lifting, riding a stationary bike and putting a little."
Despite his injuries and pain, he has expressed a desire to continue to play golf professionally.
1.5 million records digitised by Ministry of Citizenship
DPI, Guyana, Monday, December 11, 2017
The Ministry of Citizenship revealed today said it has so far digitised some 1.5 million records of births, deaths and marriages among others, as it moves along the path of technological transformation and accessibility.
Minister of Citizenship Winston Felix, responding to queries during the consideration of the estimates for the 2018 National budget, said his ministry is in the process of digitising records of all Guyanese and has employed 80 young persons to complete the project over a two-year period.
They include clerical and office support staff, data processing clerks, confidential secretaries and a range of transcribers which is a necessary function. The 80 are divided into two shifts.
“So far 1.5 million records have been inputted into the system. The period was divided into two. From June 1987 to present. So far 372,252 birth records have been inputted, 95,032 deaths records, 97 206 marriage records making a total of 868,151,”
From 1987 to 1940 there have been 906 adoption records inputted, 22 immigration marriages, 7 overseas deaths and 18 overseas births.
Minister Felix explained that the system is now off the ground, and his ministry is working towards a system that will be accessible to persons seeking information from the past and present.
By: Alexis Rodney
For more photos, click on the link to the DPI's Flickr Page
https://www.flickr.com/photos/142936155@N03/
CHICAGO (Feb. 2, 2018): For patients undergoing weight loss (bariatric) surgery, losing at least 8 percent of excess weight just one month before the procedure directly impacts their ability to shed even more pounds in the year following surgery, according to new study findings published as an "article in press" on the website of the Journal of the American College of Surgeons ahead of print.
Apart from the weight-loss procedure itself, diet and weight loss before the operation may also determine how successful a person is in losing pounds during the first year after the procedure.
"Currently, controversy exists for the optimal preoperative dietary optimization of patients prior to bariatric surgery. On one side, insurance policies often mandate six or 12 month weight management programs. This mandate is in direct contrast to many bariatric surgeons, who prefer to use short-term, calorie-restricted diets several weeks prior to surgery in order to optimize outcomes," said study coauthor John David Scott, MD, FACS, FASMBS, associate professor of surgery, University of South Carolina School of Medicine, Greenville, and the metabolic and bariatric surgery director of Greenville Health System (GHS), South Carolina.
Led by Deborah A. Hutcheon, DCN, RD, LD, clinical nutrition specialist at GHS, the study looked specifically at the role of a short-term, surgeon-recommended preoperative diet in improving patient outcomes, such as weight loss, following surgery. The study involved 355 patients who undertook the recommended four-week low-calorie diet before undergoing a bariatric operation, either sleeve gastrectomy or Roux-en-Y gastric bypass, between January 2014 and January 2016 at GHS.
"Our ultimate goal was to see what makes postoperative outcomes better for our patients undergoing this lifesaving procedure," Dr. Scott said.
The study patients were asked to lose at least 8 percent of their excess weight by following a 1200 calorie diet for four weeks immediately preceding their operations. For the analysis, the patients were divided into two groups based on whether they actually achieved that weight loss goal (224 patients achieved that goal, and 131 did not).
Patients who lost at least 8 percent of their excess weight achieved a 7.5 percent greater weight loss at the 12-month post-surgery mark, compared with those who did not achieve that weight loss goal. This finding held true even when other factors such as age, gender, ethnicity, and health problems including high blood pressure and diabetes were considered.
Dr. Hutcheon explained that there is this key window of opportunity after bariatric surgery, up to 18 months, when many physical and metabolic changes occur that help facilitate weight loss. "After that time point, patients will have to rely on diet and exercise and lifestyle management to maintain that weight loss," she said.
"We call it the honeymoon period of bariatric surgery," Dr. Scott added. "After a year or year and a half, your body starts to figure out what it can and can't do, and your behaviors may change a little bit, so the odds that you are going to lose a significant amount of weight after that time period are definitely decreased. Therefore, the more weight you can lose during that honeymoon period, the better, because that effort will help establish a set point, in terms of where your steady weight is going to be further down the road."
The analysis also showed a reduction in hospital length of stay (1.8 days vs. 2.1 days) for patients who achieved that target weight loss (8 percent or greater), and the average operative time was shorter (117 minutes vs. 125 minutes) for that group as well.
"Ultimately, we believe that preoperative preparation for bariatric surgery should be mediated by individual surgeons taking care of their patients," Dr. Scott said. "And this 8 percent target should not be used as a hard set point to qualify patients for bariatric surgery. Because patients with obesity who weren't able to achieve that 8 percent goal still had dramatic effects in terms of how much weight they lost and comorbidity resolutions."
The most important aspect of this study is that it adds to the body of research data showing that it is beneficial for bariatric surgery programs to encourage and counsel patients to follow a short-term diet or aim to achieve weight loss prior to bariatric surgery.
"One of the things we often say is bariatric surgery is a tool; it's not the end-all-be-all for weight loss. So it's really about making sure this tool is used wisely and proactively by our patients and having it work most effectively in the long run," Dr. Hutcheon said.
For future investigations, the researchers hope to explore the impact that presurgery weight-loss programs have on longer term (more than one year) surgical outcomes.
###
Other study authors are Allyson L. Hale, BA; Joseph A. Ewing, PhD; Megan Miller, RDN, LD; Francisco Couto, MD; Eric S. Bour, MD, FACS and William S. Cobb, IV, MD, FACS.
Citation: Short-Term Preoperative Weight Loss Improves Postoperative Outcomes in Bariatric Surgical Patients. Journal of the American College of Surgeons. Available at: http://www.journalacs.org/article/S1072-7515(17)32195-6/abstract.
About the American College of Surgeons
On Saturday, April 21, officers with the Great Bend Police Department stopped a vehicle in the 1000 block of Patton Road on a routine traffic stop. The driver of the vehicle, was contacted and later arrested for driving with a revoked drivers license and a habitual violator.
The Great Bend Police Department K-9 was deployed for a sniff around the vehicle. K-9 Lazer indicated the odor of illegal narcotics coming from inside the vehicle.
A search was conducted of the vehicle. 6.5 grams of Methamphetamine and drug pararphernalia was located inside the vehicle and seized. The passenger of the vehicle, was arrested for Possession of Methamphetamine and possession of drug paraphernalia.
The names of the arrested subjects will be released after formal charges are filed with the Barton County Attorney.
Anyone with information please call the Great Bend Police Department 793-4120 or crime stoppers at 620-792-1300.
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
Warning: The following post contains spoilers from Orange Is the New Black‘s fifth season. If you have yet to complete your binge, bookmark for safekeeping and return at a later time.
Orange Is the New Black went full-on Criminal Minds in the back half of Season 5.
We're of course talking about Piscatella and his decision to take six of Litchfield's finest hostage, during which he gave Red, umm, a “special haircut” and shattered bones with his bare hands. But those were just a few of the OMG moments that occurred during this most recent binge, which saw some truly heinous things go down as the inmates took control of the prison.
Thankfully, Season 5 wasn't void of comic relief, and the following gallery includes as many guffaw-inducing instances as it does cringe-coaxing moments — from a Law & Order-tuned entrance to Chang's exit, to a frozen sorority sister and an all-white version of Dream Girls. (And did we mention there was a very corn-y proposal?)
View the attached gallery (or click here for direct access) for a rundown of unforgettable moments from OITNB Season 5, then head to the comments and tell us which stuck out to you the most. Then, grade all 13 episodes via the poll below.
(WWJ) “We've got an officer down” is a phrase no police officer ever wants to utter, but it's a more common call lately than it should be in Detroit.
Six Detroit police officers have been shot in the last seven months, police report. Nationally, 37 police officers have been killed din the line of duty in 2017.
Detroit Police Officer's Association president Mark Diaz visited the two latest victims Monday, stopping by the hospital rooms of two young Detroit cops, both 25, who were shot by a teenager who saw them in his yard with their flashlights on and thought they were burglars. They were, in fact, responding to a call for help about burglars in the area.
One officer was shot in the face by the shotgun blast, the other was hit in the body. Both are expected to recover, Police Chief James Craig said.
“This is a very strong reminder of what our police officers are doing every day in an attempt to keep our citizens safe,” Diaz told WWJ's Vickie Thomas about the shooting. “Whether it was a result of an accident or whether it was deliberate, the reality is our police officers are on the front lines.”
He added a lot of police officers have come to the conclusion they're a target.
At least 64 law enforcement officers were shot and killed in 2016, the most in the last five years, according to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund. It was a 10 percent increase over 2015.
Diaz said a lot of those deaths were from gunfire “and they were deliberate.”
“Morale in the law enforcement community has definitely taken a shot to the chin as of late,” he said. “But one thing is for certain, our police officers here in the city of Detroit are 100 percent dedicated to keeping our citizens safe, but we definitely need the community to embrace the law enforcement officers and aid us in keeping them safe.”
FANTASY PLAYS: Factor weather before making lineups
Photo: Wilfredo Lee, AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Miami Marlins' J.T. Realmuto rounds second base after he hit a home run during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Tampa Bay Rays, Monday, July 2, 2018, in Miami. Miami Marlins' J.T. Realmuto rounds second base after he hit a home run during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Tampa Bay Rays, Monday, July 2, 2018, in Miami. Photo: Wilfredo Lee, AP FANTASY PLAYS: Factor weather before making lineups 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
One advantage you can hold over your opponents in daily fantasy baseball is understanding how each game environment compares relative to one another on a given slate.
Early in the season, the discrepancies between controlled stadium conditions such as domes and games played outdoors are often minimal. In fact, at the very beginning of the season, some frigid outdoor environments will bring worse hitting conditions than their counterparts in controlled conditions.
As the calendar turns to July, the temperatures rise around Major League Baseball.
Throughout last weekend, games on the East Coast and in Texas saw temperatures reach into the 90s while games in the Midwest were routinely in the upper 80s.
As the weather warms up, the baseball travels farther. That provides better scoring conditions for offenses and more difficult conditions for pitchers. This also provides an edge for the savvy daily fantasy baseball player.
There are two ways to take advantage of the discrepancy in weather.
The first is further emphasizing strikeouts when selecting pitchers in warm hitting conditions. Strikeouts are always important to emphasize in daily fantasy baseball. They are more predictable than run prevention. But the importance of strikeouts increases as the value of each batted ball due to weather goes up.
The second way to take advantage is to emphasize hitters in warm conditions and pitchers in controlled or temperate conditions. Typically, strong pitchers' parks such as Tampa Bay and Miami are even more valuable in the summer months when the baseline for offense is rising around the league.
Similarly, the West Coast often doesn't see the same sharp increases in temperatures that the East Coast does during the summer. San Francisco and Seattle provide even more valuable pitching environments as we get deeper into the season.
Keep the weather in mind when making your selections as a way to increase your chances against the competition.
GOLF
The Old White TPC Course will host A Military Tribute at the Greenbrier Classic this week for the PGA TOUR event as golfers have just a couple weeks left to fine tune their game before the British Open.
The Old White TPC Course is a 7,286-yard, par-70 that is the eighth-longest on tour in par-adjusted distance. The course features above-average fairway widths and typically plays in the easier half of courses on tour.
The course's length and easy-to-hit fairways benefit golfers with strong off-the-tee games and favor distance. Strokes gained off of the tee carry a weight of 17.4 percent compared to a tour average of 15 percent.
The top of the leaderboard always requires a hot putter, and that is particularly true this week. With a par-70 course and an easier scoring environment, the highly variant strokes gained putting statistic will be critical in separating players at the top. With birdies expected to be plentiful, fantasy golfers should focus their attention on getting all six of their golfers through the cut and playing on the weekend.
Bill Haas represents one of the best values this week in fantasy formats at a price of $7,200 on DraftKings. DailyRoto's fantasy golf projections give Haas a 66 percent chance to make the cut, which is the most favorable odds of any golfer priced below $7,200.
While Haas has had a bit of a down season by his standards, he is still ranked in the Top 100 in the OWGR and has made four of his last five cuts on tour. Haas is priced to play this week on DraftKings.
Although Haas is our favorite value, Tony Finau is our outright tournament favorite and offers a 5.24 percent probability to win the event alongside a 46.28 percent chance to finish inside of the Top 20 this week.
Finau checks all of the boxes this week, ranking inside of the Top 20 in the field in strokes gained off the tee, strokes gained approach and strokes gained around the green. This will set him up for plenty of birdie opportunities. Over the past 50 rounds, Finau ranks second in DraftKings scoring behind only Phil Mickelson. Finau's price is prohibitive, but he makes for a strong tournament play this week and is in the perfect spot to use for one-and-done and survivor pools.
___
This column was provided to The Associated Press by DailyRoto, http://dailyroto.com
THE RACQ has reminded Queensland drivers about the importance of following all the road rules, after it released its list of the five most common laws drivers knew but ignored anyway.
Data from the Department of Main Roads revealed a raft of fundamental rules drivers were caught for between November 2016 and October 2017, including more than 9270 drivers disobeying stop signs.
RACQ spokeswoman Lauren Ritchie told The Sunshine Coast Daily drivers were throwing their money away on unnecessary fines.
“It should be one of the easiest rules to understand but last year in the central police region we saw more than 2000 drivers fined for not stopping at a stop sign,” Ms Ritchie said.
“Stop signs mean you must come to a fully controlled stop behind the line before you take off again. It's not rocket science.”
More than 3000 drivers in Brisbane alone were fined for the same offence.
Ms Ritchie said these laws may seem trivial to some drivers, but they were designed to make it safer for everyone on the road.
“It's up to every driver to brush up on the road rules before they get behind the wheel, and to ensure they follow them - ignoring these laws is risking your life and the lives of others.”
Ignored road rules in Brisbane region – 1 November 2016 to 31 October 2017:
Fail to stop at a stop sign at an intersection: 3026
Disobey ‘No Right Turn' sign: 1401
Follow another vehicle too closely: 619
Driving at night or in reduced visibility without lights on: 429
Driving a car with L plates when you are not a Learner or Driver Trainer: 8.
Ignored road rules in the central police region:
Fail to stop at a stop sign at an intersection: 1947
Disobey ‘No Right Turn' sign: 418
Follow another vehicle too closely: 509
Driving at night or in reduced visibility without lights on: 222
Driving a car with L plates when you are not a Learner or Driver Trainer: 8
Let the games begin, let the drama unfold, let the toothpicks be inserted into the bleary eyes of Canadians across the country, all of them up way to late with their eyes glued to their television sets.
Penguins captain and Canadian Olympic hero Sidney Crosby hoists the Stanley Cup after the Penguins defeated the San Jose Sharks in a deciding Game 6 by a score of 3-1 last spring. Not a single Canadian team made made the playoffs last season. © The Associated Press / Marcio Jose Sanchez
The Stanley Cup playoffs are underway.
It's a rite of spring.
Some years, more than others.
Take last year.
Not one of the seven NHL Canadian-based teams made it past the regular season.
This year, it's five: Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa, Edmonton and Calgary. (Missing are Winnipeg and Vancouver.)
With the exception of Ottawa, all the Canadian playoff teams have storied pasts.
But not recently.
In a cruel turn of fate–at least for Canadians–no Canadian team has won the Stanley Cup since the Montreal Canadiens did it in 1993, but hope–especially in sports–springs eternal.
Edmonton fans are hoping for a return to the team's glory days in the 1980s–like this one, May 16, 1988, when Wayne Gretzky (2nd L), Mark Messier (L) and Kevin Lowe (2nd R) took the Stanley Cup from NHL President John Ziegler (R) after they defeated the Boston Bruins to win the NHL hockey championship. © Reuters / Gary Hershorn
Still, most of the Canadian teams are long shots, but that's another thing about sports. You really do never know.
One person who tends to know more than most is Bruce Dowbiggin, the accomplished Calgary-based author and broadcaster and publisher of the terrific website www.notthepublicbroadcaster.com, home of some brainy ideas about sports and other things.
(Check out Dowbiggin's remedy to fight the scourge of professional teams tanking games to gain a first draft choice toward the end of today's interview, or–for more elaboration–on his website.)
For some perspective on this year's playoffs, I spoke by phone with Dowbiggin on Monday at his Calgary home.
SPARTANBURG, S.C. – A South Carolina woman says her new hair dryer turned into a “blowtorch” after flames shot out when she turned it on.
Erika Shoolbred, of Spartanburg, posted about the “hair frier” on Facebook Monday, saying she had received the item through Amazon.
The post read, “Talk about a bad hair day! My new hair dryer (more like hair frier) from OraCorp on Amazon.com became a blow torch on its first use this morning.”
The dryer left a small burn on her hand and produced a bad smell in her bathroom.
Shoolbred wrote that Amazon has refunded her money, but said she's still “a bit shaken”:
“The dryer would not turn off. The off on the switch only made it more torchy. I knew I would have to get it submerged in water but first I had to pull the cord from the wall. That's when I burned my hand. I then was shocked after pulling it from the wall that it still flamed up. I then ran it under the sink. I was fearful my smoke alarm would engage so I opened windows. My bathroom was like a fog and still smells.”
Amazon has since pulled the item from its website, but neither OraCorp nor Amazon returned requests for comment, according to Newsweek.
A firefighter who was badly hurt while fighting a massive Stittsville house fire last week was released from the hospital Monday, the city's fire chief reports.
Chief Gerry Pingitore thanked the community and hospital staff for their care and support.
The unnamed firefighter – he posed for a photo with colleagues but asked not to be identified – was one of two volunteers who plunged through the floor of the home on Snowberry Way April 16.
While his colleague was able to escape by climbing up a fire hose and was later released from the hospital, the more seriously injured firefighter had to be placed in an induced coma by doctors so his airway would not swell shut as he recovered.
A fire investigator was working with the Office of the Fire Marshal to determine the cause of the fire, which is believed to have started in an electrical panel. Damage was estimated at $750,000.
CBS Local — Hearing voices has never been considered a celebrated mental condition. However, a recent study is suggesting that people who hear strange patterns in sounds may just be suffering from a well-tuned brain.
According to researchers at Durham University in England, people experiencing auditory verbal hallucinations (hearing voices) but don't have any signs of mental illness are actually displaying the ability to decode complex sound waves. “It suggests that the brains of people who hear voices are particularly tuned to meaning in sounds,” lead author Dr. Ben Alderson-Day said in a news release.
The scientists studied a group of 17 people with no history of hearing voices and a group of 12 individuals who had heard voices but had no other health issues. The study, published in the journal Brain, subjected each of the volunteers to hidden speech sounds, called sine-wave speech. To the untrained ear, the sound waves would seem like strange noises or a birdsong but they actually contained a simple sentence underneath the noise.
While less than half of the non-voice-hearing group reported hearing the sentence, 75 percent of the people hearing voices picked up the message during the test.
“We did not tell the participants that the ambiguous sounds could contain speech before they were scanned,” Dr. Cesar Lima of University College London said. “Nonetheless, these participants showed distinct neural responses to sounds containing disguised speech, as compared to sounds that were meaningless.”
Although hearing voices is commonly associated with schizophrenia or bipolar disorder, the researchers say up to 15 percent of the population display this complex ability to decipher sound waves.
“These findings are a demonstration of what we can learn from people who hear voices that are not distressing or problematic,” Dr. Alderson-Day adds.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SAN DIEGO -- Close to 1,000 peaceful demonstrators gathered for a unity vigil in front of the San Diego County Administration Building in the largest of several local gatherings to pay homage to those killed and injured over the weekend in connection with clashes between white nationalists and counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Candles flickered as people of all ages, races, religions and backgrounds stood beside each other in solidarity.
“I came here to show support for the people in Charlottesville, Virginia. I think it's very, something you don't think that would be happening the the United States now in the year 2017. Hatred and bigotry I thought was mostly a thing of the past, but evidently it's not,” Larry Wiltjer, a Vietnam veteran, said. “It just hurts me inside and sometimes it causes me to cry."
“What happened yesterday was definitely not a Charlottesville problem, or a Virginia problem. It's an America problem and it's one that every single one of us as Americans need to stand up and confront,” Kathy Stadler, an organizer with San Diego Invisible, said.
Confronting intolerance and hatred was one of the goals of Sunday night's Indivisible Candlelight Unity Vigil.
“We need to fight. Our founding principals are that all of us are created equal and we need to fight every day to make sure that's the case,” Stadler said.
They are fighting by spreading words of love.
“There are more people who believe in goodness. There are more people who believe that love will overcome hate. There are more people who believe that all of us are created equal,” Stadler said.
“I just think that every person should be excepted the way they are, and I just really think that we should all be one happy family,” 10-year-old Carla Wiltjer said
Those who attended the vigil said they are confident that by standing together they can overcome the hate in the world.
“Each one of us is powerful to make change. People power is the most dominate most powerful force that America has ever known. It has created enormous change over our history and it's what's going to create change now,” Stadler said.
One of the guest speakers at the event was Congressman Scott Peters.
Vigils were held across the country Sunday night, including another one locally in Encinitas.
April 24 (UPI) -- The United Arab Emirates and the United Nations signed a $50 million agreement Tuesday to rebuild the iconic al-Nouri Mosque and al-Hadba Minaret in Iraq.
The UAE will provide the funding for the mosque, located in Mosul, which was destroyed by Islamic State militants as Iraqi troops retook the city.
"This is a historic partnership, the largest and unprecedented cooperation to rebuild cultural heritage in Iraq ever," UNESCO Director-General Audrey Azoulay said in a statement.
The project is the "flagship component" of UNESCO's initiative, "Revive the City of Mosul."
The Al-Nouri Mosque and Al-Hadba Minaret were built nearly 850 years ago. It was from the mosque that Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi made his first appearance in a video proclaiming the establishment of an Islamist "caliphate" in June 2014.
The rebuilding effort is expected to take five years. During the first year, the project will focus on documenting and clearing the site of the Great Mosque of al-Nuri, as well as drawing up plans for its reconstruction.
The following four years will focus on the restoration and rebuilding of the famous leaning minaret, the prayer hall and adjacent buildings, officials said.
The five-year project is also intended to give hope to young Iraqis, UAE Culture Minister Noura al-Kaabi said during a ceremony at Baghdad's National Museum.
"The millennia-old civilization must be preserved."
SIBLEY – Lakeside senior right-hander Braydon Jones is saving some of his best innings for last.
With impeccable command of the strike zone and a flawless defense at his rear, Jones sliced through the Parkway Panther lineup en route to a complete-game shutout and 1-0 Warrior victory.
This matchup was supposed to open the season back in late February, but rains and a full mid-season slate pushed the game back until Saturday.
The Warriors (21-9) were ready, backing their emerging ace and scratching the game's only run across in the third inning when Dalton Crumpler drove in Hayden Humphrey with an RBI single. Humphrey started the inning with a single of his own, advancing to second on a wild pitch; a Gavin Jones single pushed Humphrey to third and Crumpler delivered the decisive blow.
The Warriors outscored district opponent Red River earlier in the week by a combined 45-0 margin. They will eye a similar dismantling of Lakeview in a three-game series to be played Thursday and Friday, before concluding with what promises to be a heated regular-season finale Saturday at home against the Minden Crimson Tide.
Benton 10, Minden 1
BENTON – The Minden Crimson Tide could not contain the hard-hitting Benton Tiger offense two games in-a-row, falling on the road 10-1 in district 1-4A action.
Minden had only five hits and committed three errors. Matt Eskew was the losing pitcher for the Tide, but did have one of five hits – all singles – for the Minden offense.
Jalien Moore, Hunter Wilkes, Haynes Mandino and Austin Wall also singled for the Tide.
Glenbrook 16, River Oaks 8
In game two of a doubleheader, the Apaches put up four runs in the first and second innings on their way to clinching a No. 2 seed for next week's first round playoffs.
With an early cushion, the Apaches played relaxed while the Mustangs made nine errors, basically conceding the outcome.
Nick Mourad hit a towering home run and added two singles to finish with three RBIs for Glenbrook. Parker Christy led the team with a four-RBI performance, going 3-5 with a double.
Brandon Merritt went 2-3 with two RBIs for the Apaches, Mason Hood finished with two RBIs as well and Cade Clemons and Cameron Barnett added singles.
Clemons pitched three innings, striking out five and allowing two earned runs, to pick up the win.
Glenbrook 5, River Oaks 4
The Apaches scored all five of their runs in the first inning, which proved to be just enough to hold off a surging Mustangs team.
Brandon Merritt navigated all seven innnings on the mound for Glenbrook to earn the win. With the Apaches leading 5-4 in the seventh, Merritt retired the first two hitters, but gave up a two-out double and a walk to put the winning run on base.
With pressure mounting, Merrrit induced a fly ball to end the game and seal the series.
Seth Gauthier and Nick Mourad had RBI doubles for Glenbrook.
Related
Comments
comments
Nocturnal Wonderland is the grandaddy of all the Southern California electronic dance music festivals.
Since it started in 1995, the multi-stage, multi-day festival has grown to become one of the most anticipated events on the EDM calendar.
Sign up for our Festival Pass newsletter . Whether you are a Coachella lifer or prefer to watch from afar, get weekly dispatches during the Southern California music festival season. Subscribe here
The festival will return to the grounds of San Bernardino County's Glen Helen Regional Park in Devore– adjacent to Glen Helen Amphitheater — on Sept. 14 and 15.
Tickets go on sale at noon Friday, June 8, via www.nocturnalwonderland.com. Passes start at $99.95 for a two-day general admission pass. Tent camping starts at $160; car camping starts at $220; RV camping starts at $284.25. Typically, Nocturnal Wonderland is limited to guests 18 and older.
Concertgoers enter the Nocturnal Wonderland festival at the grounds of San Manuel Amphitheater in Devore on Sept. 21, 2013. (File Photo by Vanessa Franko)
Festival goers dance during the Nocturnal Wonderland 2014 electronic dance music festival at San Manuel Amphitheater Saturday in Devore, CA. September 6, 2014. (File photo by Terry Pierson)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
A woman wears a glowing bow at Nocturnal Wonderland at San Manuel Amphitheater in Devore on Sept. 21, 2013. (File photo by Vanessa Franko)
Festival goers dance to the heavy bass music coming from the Labyrinth stage and DJ Danny Avila during the Nocturnal Wonderland 2014 electronic dance music festival at San Manuel Amphitheater Saturday in Devore, CA. September 6, 2014. (File photo by Terry Pierson)
Festival goers dance to Two Fresh as they play their heavy bass mix on the Queen's Grounds stage during the Nocturnal Wonderland 2014 electronic dance music festival at San Manuel Amphitheater Saturday in Devore, CA. September 6, 2014. (File photo by Terry Pierson)
Festival goers dance to the heavy bass music coming from the Labyrinth stage and DJ Danny Avila during the Nocturnal Wonderland 2014 electronic dance music festival at San Manuel Amphitheater Saturday in Devore, CA. September 6, 2014. (File photo by Terry Pierson)
Festival goers enjoy the Nocturnal Wonderland 2014 electronic dance music festival at San Manuel Amphitheater Saturday in Devore, CA. September 6, 2014. (File Photo by Terry Pierson)
A festival goer dances with lights as he enjoys the 2014 Nocturnal Wonderland electronic dance music festival at San Manuel Amphitheater Saturday in Devore, CA. September 6, 2014. (File photo by Terry Pierson)
Performers have not yet been announced for the festival.
President Donald Trump directly condemned white supremacists and neo-Nazis in a statement from the White House Monday afternoon.
"Racism is evil -- and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and other hate groups are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans," Trump said in response to the attacks in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend.
"Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America," Trump said.
Democrats and Republicans have excoriated Trump for his unwillingness to condemn the groups behind the violent protests that left one woman dead who was allegedly hit by a car driven by a man with ties to white supremacy groups.
After blaming the violence "on many sides" Saturday, Trump stayed silent for close to 48 hours. letting his trademark bluntness and campaign pledges to call terrorism what it is succumbed to silence and vagueness.
Trump's comments came as he took a short break from his 17-day long working vacation in New York and New Jersey with a trip to the White House. He initially returned to Washington to meet with top administration officials and sign a presidential memorandum directing his US Trade Representative to determine whether an investigation is needed into China's laws and policies related to trade and intellectual property.
This was the White House's latest attempt to clarify Trump's comments from Saturday.
An unnamed White House official said Sunday that "of course" the President condemns "white supremacists, KKK, neo-nazi and all extremist groups," but declined to explain why the President wasn't saying it himself.
Trump also remained mum on Twitter, declining to send a single tweet of his own Sunday, only the fourth in his 207 days as president that Trump has gone a full day without tweeting a message of his own.
Trump did, however, use Twitter on Monday to push his political message and settle a score: He slammed Ken Frazier, the CEO of Merck Pharma, who resigned from Trump's manufacturing council over his failure to condemn white supremacists.
"Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council, he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES," Trump tweeted.
Frazier, one of the nation's top African-American CEOs, has spent considerable time at the White House with Trump before he resigned his position.
This story is breaking and will be updated.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
PRESS RELEASE:-Castries, October 6, 2017 – Law enforcement officers attached to the City Police Department have been issued with traffic ticket books in an effort to streamline the issuing and tracking of traffic offenders.
His Worship, Mayor Peterson D. Francis, said illegal parking and violations of the traffic laws are already an issue. This initiative, he said, is “very much welcome and needed.” The Mayor went further to say that City Police will double their efforts in cracking down on anyone who violates traffic laws in the City of Castries.
City Police Officers will officially commence ticketing traffic lawbreakers on a 24-hour basis from Monday, October 9, 2017.
Said the Mayor, “We are looking to change a culture, and it is not solely about illegal parking since there are numerous other offences committed by almost every driver on the streets of Castries. These include cell phone usage, littering, loud sound systems, and many others. Motorists must focus on driving safely which starts with a minimum of distractions.”
[India], June 15 (ANI): All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) on Thursday declared the MBBS Entrance Exam Result 2017.
The entrance exam for admission to MBBS courses in seven AIIMS institutes in India was conducted on May 28.
The students, who appeared for the exam can check their results on the official website aiimsexams.org.
Following the results, a counseling procedure will start from July 3 and the classes will begin from August 1. (ANI)
Swedish prosecutor closes SCA probe without charges
STOCKHOLM, June 15 A Swedish prosecutor said on Thursday that a bribery investigation regarding representatives of forestry group SCA had been closed without resulting in any charges.
Ten students from two Georgia technical colleges spent two weeks in Ireland this summer through a new exchange partnership announced earlier this year.
Seven students from North Georgia Technical College (NGTC) and three from Chattahoochee Technical College visited the Waterford Institute of Technology, which signed a partnership in July with the Technical College System of Georgia, the system announced in its fourth-quarter international update.
William Donnelly, president of Waterford, visited the state to join TCSG Commissioner Gretchen Corbin in the July signing, which called for giving students hands-on international experience while building expertise that would bolster each region's respective economy.
The full rationale goes as follows:
WIT and TCSG desire to maximize the educational and training programs now offered by WIT and TCSG colleges to provide the benefits of cross-border education and training resulting in excellent academic achievement and access to world-class technical vocational education and training for Georgia and Irish students as well as to maximize the career prospects and opportunities especially in science, technology, engineering and mathematics fields and other vocational fields of study or training.
Waterford is a university-level institutions ith more than 10,000 students in the southeast of Ireland. The Technical College System of Georgia encompasses 22 colleges on 85 campuses with more than 133,000 students enrolled.
Aside from those that sent students during the summer, the institutions working with Waterford on the agreement include Athens Tech, Columbus Tech, Georgia Northwestern and Gwinnett Tech.
TCSG also took home the Georgia International Award for education this year for its work on German-style apprenticeships under the GA-CATT program.
It's time to get ready for Avenues of the World's 4th Annual Northern Arizona Travel Expo. This year, the event will be held on Wednesday, Oct. 18, from 5-8 p.m. at the Doubletree by Hilton located at 1175 Historic Rte 66 here in Flagstaff. No better place to be for Happy Hour!
Avenues of the World Travel has created this educational event for you. You can meet with professionals behind the scenes, ask questions and learn what products are out there that you may not know about. Avenues of the World's Travel Consultants will be on site to help guide you and answer questions. This is your chance to meet face to face with representatives of renowned cruise lines, hotel chains and tour operators to get the inside scoop on all things travel. Have you wondered what the new travel hot spots are for 2018, 2019 and 2020? Stop by the event and find out!
A few new things this year:
Step right up! A photo booth will be there to commemorate the evening, while also offering a passport photo service on site. They will have passport application forms on hand.
Flagstaff Police Department will be on site to talk about travel safety abroad and close to home.
Enjoy an array of hors d'oeuvres as well as a cash bar.
There will also be three new and exciting live presentations throughout the Expo this year:
Presentations begin at 5:30 p.m. with Lindblad Expeditions to learn about alternative ways to explore the world. Although each expedition is different, there are some elements that are common to all of them: they are designed to take you to places of natural beauty and compelling history, avoiding crowded tourist stops to actively experience beauty, wilderness and the seldom-seen.
At 6 p.m., attendees will be able to join Backroads biking, walking, hiking, multi-adventure and family vacations worldwide. Backroads trips are chosen by discerning travelers of all ages, interests and fitness levels. Guests travel at their own pace with their own set of maps and directions for ultimate flexibility.
The final live presentation will be given by Viking Cruises at 6:30 p.m. Viking Cruises offers destination-centric river and ocean cruising designed for experienced travelers with an interest in geography, culture and history. Featuring onboard cultural enrichment and included shore excursions, Viking's journeys are competitively priced for genuine value.
Avenues of the World Travel is excited to offer booking specials on site, featuring as much as $250 per person discounts, future trip deposits as low as $40 and special amenities such as extra ship board credit, free vacation excursions, upgrades and more. Gift cards will also be available for purchase on site. So no matter what you're planning, or if you want to surprise a loved one – award winning agents have you covered!
So who will be there this year? For the cruise lines: Celebrity Cruises, Princess Cruises, Viking Cruises, AMAWaterways, Royal Caribbean International, Seabourn Cruises, Holland America Cruise Lines, Crystal Cruises, Seadream, Uniworld Boutique River Cruises, Silversea Cruises, Norwegian Cruise Lines and Regent Seven Seas Cruises.
For the tour operators: Club Med, Classic Vacations, Travel2, Abercrombie&Kent, Pleasant Holidays, Journeys, Ker & Downey, African Travel, Travel Impressions, Natural Habitat Adventures, Globus Vacations, TravelBound, Heritage Tours and Reveal America.
For the hotels: AMResorts, The Blakely New York, Enchantment Resort and Mii Amo Spa and Twin Arrows Navajo Casino
For the specialty services: Tahiti Tourism Office, Valais Matterhorn Tourism Office, Zegrahm Expeditions, Backroads and Lindblad Expeditions.
Don't miss your chance to enter the Northern Arizona Travel Expo Raffle! Travel2 donated an Aussie beach bag, Pleasant holidays donated a $100 travel gift certificate, Ker&Downey donated a wine basket, African Travel donated a loaded safari wine bag, G Adventures donated an adventure goodie bag, AMResorts donated a three-night stay at one of their properties in Mexico, TravelBound donated a goodie bag, The Blakely Hotel New York donated a weekend stay, Twin Arrows Navajo Casino donated a one night stay with steak dinner at Zenith, The Matterhorn tourism Office donated a collectible Swatch Wrist watch, Celebrity Cruises donated plush bathrobes, Princess Cruises donated a travel cooler with collectibles, AMAWaterways donated a wine basket, Seabourn Cruises donated a goodie bag, The Fairmont Orchid Hawaii donated a two-night stay and many more amazing prizes. Only event attendees are eligible to win!
Also new this year, event attendees that are staying for dinner at either Sakura Teppanyaki and Sushi or at Woodlands Café will help support the Flagstaff Family Food Center. Doubletree's Food and Beverage Manager has agreed to donate $2 per stamped attendee card to the non-profit.
The event is free to all, so bring the entire neighborhood to the 4th Annual Northern Arizona Travel Expo on Wednesday, Oct. 18 from 5-8 p.m. at the Doubletree by Hilton located at 1175 Historic Rte 66, Flagstaff. The team at Avenues of the World Travel is excited to see you there! FBN
By Danielle Harrison
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Louth 0-12 4-14 Meath
Louth's hopes of repeating last year's Leinster minor final appearance were ended at the Gaelic Grounds tonight as they lost for the second time in the space of three weeks.
Victory over the Royals - who entered the match atop the group on the back of successive victories - following last week's draw with Wicklow was paramount for the Reds and while they started this encounter with six of the opening seven points, a two-goal spurt just before the break saw Meath lead by three at the interval.
The loss of Jonathon Commins - through a wrist injury - in the opening quarter hindered the hosts' attempts at recording a maiden success, while, in the midst of their most dominant spell early on, Louth failed to build a substantial enough lead. Despite racing into a 0-6 to 0-1 advantage, with Joe Mee, Conall McCaul and Tom Jackson pointing from range, Louth's tally of six wides, to Meath's meagre two, allowed the Royals to remain in touch.
Meath went scoreless from minute six to 22 with Luke Mitchell their only player to register prior to the goal-burst, which arrived in successive minutes through Cian McBride and the impressive Luke Kelly. Joe Treanor's charges threatened to run riot at that juncture, though Louth rallied and trailed by just three at half-time; 2-4 to 0-7.
Points were traded in the early stages of the second half, as Ryan Walsh converted twice to bring his tally to four for the Wee County, however, another powerful surge from the visitors resulted in a second two-goal salvo in the space of 60 seconds as Mitchell and Matthew Costello - whose class became evident - rattled the net to put Meath 12 clear. Louth have now conceded 12 goals in three championship matches.
Substitute Craig Lennon and a second from Jackson reduced the home side's deficit to 11 entering the closing moments, however, Meath, who look serious contenders for provincial honours, finished with three unanswered points to stretch the winning margin to 14 points.
Louth: Martin McEneaney; Finbarr Lynch, Paul McEvoy, Bobby Butterly; Rúairí Hanlon, Cathal Fleming, Gabriel Bell; Conall McCaul (0-1), Joe Mee (0-1); Tom Jackson (0-2), Dáire Nally, Craig Shevlin (0-1); Seán Healy, Ryan Walsh (0-5, four frees), Jonathon Commins (0-1, free)
Subs: Conor Quigley for Commins (12), Craig Lennon (0-1) for Shevlin (50), Conor Faulkner for Bell (53), Micheál Begley for Mee (56), Jamie Winters for Butterly (59), Glen Stewart for McCaul (60)
Meath: Seán Brennan; James O'Hare, Harry O'Higgins, Cathal Hickey; Conor Farrelly, Conor Harford, Seán Coffey; Adam Reilly, Cian McBride (1-0); Darragh Swaine (0-1), Matthew Costello (1-4), Bryan McCormack (0-1); David Bell, Luke Kelly (1-1), Luke Mitchell (1-5, 0-4 frees)
Subs: Brian O'Hanlon (0-1) for Bell (36), Óisín McCloskey for Harford (50), Adam Treanor for McCormack (50), Joe Moore (0-1) for Kelly (54), Niall Bennett for Swaine (57), Jack Dardis for Hickey (60)
Referee: Fergal Smyth (Offaly)
You may be familiar with that feeling of overwhelming sleepiness during the mid-afternoon.
It's common, occurs whether you've eaten lunch or not, and is caused by a natural dip in alertness from about 1 to 3pm. So, if you find yourself fighting off sleep in the middle of the day and you're somewhere where you can have a nap, then do it.
Taking the time for a brief nap will relieve the sleepiness almost immediately and improve alertness for several hours after waking. And there are many other benefits too.
Understanding why we nap
People nap for lots of reasons, some which are:
to catch up on lost sleep
in anticipation of sleep loss to avoid feeling sleepy later on
for enjoyment, boredom or to pass time.
Napping is relatively common. In fact, about 50 percent of us report taking a nap at least once per week.
Napping rates are greater in countries like Greece, Brazil and Mexico that have a culture of siesta, which incorporate "quiet time" in the early afternoon for people to go home for a nap. In such countries, up to 72 percent of people will nap as often as four times per week.
The perks of napping
Naps are not only beneficial because they make us feel less sleepy and more alert, but because they improve our cognitive functioning, reaction times, short-term memory and even our mood.
Our research (not yet published) has found those who regularly nap report feeling more alert after a brief nap in the afternoon when compared to those who only nap occasionally.
Another research group found that motor learning, which is where brain pathways change in response to learning a new skill, was significantly greater following a brief afternoon nap for regular nappers when compared to non-nappers.
In fact, the overall benefits of naps are similar to those experienced after consuming caffeine (or other stimulant medications) but without the side effects of caffeine dependence and possibly disrupted sleep at night time.
How long should a nap be?
The amount of time you spend napping really depends on the time you have available, how you want the nap to work for you, and your plans for the coming night. Generally speaking, the longer a nap is, the longer you will feel rejuvenated after waking.
Long naps of one to two hours during the afternoon will mean you are less sleepy (and require less sleep) that night. This could mean it will take longer than usual to fall asleep.
If you are planning to stay up later than usual, or if taking a little longer to fall asleep at bedtime is not bothersome, time your nap for about 1.5 hours.
This is the length of a normal sleep cycle. You will experience deep sleep for about an hour or so followed by light sleep for the last half an hour.
Waking up during light sleep will leave you feeling refreshed and alert. However, waking during deep sleep will not.
If you sleep too long and miss the light sleep at the end of a nap, chances are you will wake up feeling sluggish and drowsy. If you do experience feeling drowsy after a nap, don't worry – this feeling is temporary and will go away after a while.
Another option is to have a brief "power" nap. Brief naps of 10-15 minutes can significantly improve alertness, cognitive performance and mood almost immediately after waking. The benefits typically last for a few hours.
Power naps are great because you won't experience any sluggish or drowsy feelings after waking. This is because you do not enter any deep sleep during this brief time.
Research suggests, a brief, early-to-mid-afternoon nap provides the greatest rejuvenation when compared to naps at any other time of the day.
However, if you're struggling to stay awake, a brief nap taken at any time can be help keep you alert.
Nicole Lovato, Postdoctoral Research Fellow, Adelaide Institute for Sleep Health, Flinders University.
This article was originally published by The Conversation. Read the original article.
© Sputnik/ Egor Aleyev Europe 'Unlikely' to Support Ukraine on Its Claims to Seize Russian Gas in Transit
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) closely monitored Ukraine in 2014, Russian President Vladimir Putin said in an interview with US filmmaker Oliver Stone.
"The CIA watched it [Ukraine] very closely. All you need is to look at how the events unfolded. After [then Ukrainian President Viktor] Yanukovych announced that he needed to postpone the signing of the economic association agreement with the European Union, nobody listened to why or for how long. Mass protests began at once," Putin said in an interview for Showtime's documentary series, the third part of which aired late Wednesday.
"For sure, Yanukovych had not ordered to use weapons against the [Maidan] demonstrators. For that matter, western partners, including the US, asked me to exert influence on him to prevent him from giving such orders. We have been told: 'we do ask you to prevent the use of armed forces by Yanukovych. In turn, we promise that we will exert maximum efforts to make the opposition leave the squares and administrative buildings,'" Putin said.
The Russian leader told Stone he had agreed with the soundness of the western proposal.
"And as you know, President Yanukovych had not used armed forces. But he had also said that he could not behave in other manner, because he did not have the heart to sign any order to use weapons [against protesters]. I think that there could be snipers [behind the killings during the riots], who could use them… Only people, interested in escalation of the situation. I do not have information about the specific names [of such people], but pure logic gives us a hint," the president added.
In 2013-2014, Kiev's Maidan square witnessed months of pro-European protests sparked by then Yanukovych's refusal to sign the Ukraine-EU Association Agreement. In February 2014, the government was toppled, while violent clashes with law enforcement officials claimed the lives of some 100 civilians. The current Ukrainian authorities blame Yanukovych for the deaths.
Putin has dismissed the western media interpretation of 2014 events in Ukraine, saying its armed forces seized the Ukrainian presidential residence and then used claims that former President Viktor Yanukovych's fled Ukraine as an excuse for their illegal actions, when in fact he was in power and in the country at the time.
"Once he [Yanukovych] left for the second largest city in the country for domestic political events, armed people seized the president's residence. If the White House was captured in the United States, how would it be called? A coup or what? Do you think they came there to sweep the floor?" Putin said.
The Russian president stressed that the events should be regarded as a coup as there was an assassination attempt on the Ukrainian general prosecutor, and one of his security guards was injured, while the presidential motorcade was shelled.
"Of course everything could be distorted by using a monopoly right on media and fooling millions of people, but I think that what happened is clear to an objective observer … a coup did take place," Putin noted.
The president underlined that Yanukovych tried to regain control of the country, but the threat of his assassination was too high at the time.
"One day after that, he managed with our support to move to Crimea, which was part of Ukraine at the time. He was there for at least a week, hoping that there was a chance that the people, who signed the agreement [on settlement of political crisis in Ukraine, dated February 21, 2014] will try to settle the conflict in a civilized, democratic and legitimate manner. But it did not happen and then it became obvious that if he falls into their hands, they will simply kill him," Putin stressed.
The four-part documentary series by Stone, called "The Putin Interviews," premiered on Monday night. The fourth and final episode will be aired on the television network on Thursday night.
Vladimir Putin also said that Europe and the United States used public discontent in Ukraine in 2014 instead of clearing up what was actually going on.
"Right after obtaining independence, more wild privatization and plundering of property, state property, lowering of the population' living standards began. Regardless the revolving door at the government, nothing changed in the life of an ordinary citizen. Of course, people got tired of tyranny, of the totally crazy corruption, the impoverishment of some and unscrupulous illicit enrichment of others," Putin said.
Putin noted that, "people thought that joining the European Union in any format would rid them of that humiliating position in which they had been since the beginning of the 1990s until the present." Putin further said that, "this was the driving force for all the events."
© AP Photo/ Susan Walsh US Supports Normandy Format on Ukraine - Ambassador to Russia
"We have held talks with the European Union on the terms of Russia's joining the WTO [World Trade Organization] for 17 years. Suddenly, it is announced that Ukraine and the European Union are signing a bilateral association agreement, the Ukrainian markets are getting fully open. Thus, the European Union kind of entered our territory with all its goods without any negotiations despite the principal agreements between us reached after 17 years of talks on joining the WTO," Putin pointed out.
The Russian leader said Moscow had reacted to this and offered "to carry out negotiations with our European partners in the trilateral format." However, Russia's European partners "denied harshly" the proposal saying that "it is not your business at all," Putin explained.
"Everything started from this. Our partners in Europe and the United States saddled this 'horse' of people's discontent. And instead of clearing up what is actually going on, they supported the coup d'etat," Putin said.
The four-part documentary series by Stone, called as "The Putin Interviews," was filmed between July 2015 and February 2017. The series is aired by Showtime on June 12-15.
GALVESTON – You can now gamble in Galveston! That is, if you can swim just over nine miles offshore. OR, you can relax on the newly-arrived casino cruise ship and save your arms for the slot machines and roulette tables.
The Jacks or Better Casino cruise ship made its first voyage out of the Galveston Yacht Basin April 7, taking gamblers out just far enough to be in federal waters, 9.1 miles from shore, to party and gamble.
The 155-foot ship leaves the Galveston port twice a day, Wednesday through Saturday, offering an 11 a.m. day trip and a 6:30 p.m. evening trip. Sundays offer a 1 p.m. trip.
Tickets to board are $15 and gamblers will cruise for about six hours each trip.
The ship hit a snag over Easter weekend when it crashed into a buoy on Saturday, putting a deep scratch along one side and scaring passengers, and canceling the Sunday outing for mechanical issues.
We have cancelled Sunday's cruise due to mechanical issues. Please check back on Monday for updates. — Jacks or Better (@jacksorbetter1) April 16, 2017
The casino says the damage was minor, it's the first time the ship has been involved in an accident — but not the first time the hidden buoy has been hit.
Google has announced the accepted student projects for this year's Google Summer of Code. As usual, there is an interesting mix of open-source software projects across the hundreds (or rather thousands) of applicants. Here's a look at the most interesting initiatives we found when going through the list.The complete list of accepted GSoC 2018 projects can be found via this page Below is the most interesting GSoC 2018 projects I found when going through the different listings.- Improving the Linux DRM GPU scheduler (the AMDGPU scheduler spun out to DRM_SCHED) to better balance load by allowing the scheduler to feed multiple hardware queues from one software queue.- A virtual KMS module so it could be used by headless systems or other cases where there isn't a native hardware KMS driver available for kernel mode-setting.- Qt interface redesign.- Implementing missing Direct3D APIs.- Automated game benchmarks.- Various improvements to WireGuard.- Implementing the engine used by Star Trek: 25th Anniversary and Star Trek: Judgment Rites, two games produced close to three decades ago.- Vulkan support for guest VMs along the same lines as VirGL to OpenGL.- Revamped print dialog.- Improving the Notebookbar.- Improving LibreOffice for Android.- Taking care of "100 paper cuts" for the UI/UX experience.- Fwupd integration in KDE Discover.- Improved touchpad/mice handling with libinput.- XFS file-system support.- Systemd unit files for GNU Shepherd.- Rewriting the Guix build daemon in Guile Scheme.- Porting the Nautilus file-manager to GTK+ 4.- Improving the user-interface to Pitivi.- Making the Rust language support a "first class citizen" on Gentoo.- Portage-powered Android.- Improving the Fedora Android App.- Developing "Fedora Happiness Packets" that is: "Happiness Packets encourages and makes it easier for people to send positive feedback to their peers (anonymously if they like). This project extends Happiness Packets by giving a Fedora Badge to anyone who sends a Happiness Packet to another contributor."- A calendar database of social events and conferences.
April 13 Mood Media Corp:
* Mood Media announces acquisition of all outstanding common shares in connection with comprehensive transaction through arrangement agreement with key stakeholders
* As per deal, all of issued and outstanding common shares of Mood Media will be acquired for C$0.17 in cash per share
* US$350 million principal amount 9.25% senior unsecured notes due 2020 will be exchanged for consideration, per US$1,000 principal amount
* As part of transaction, company will be re-domiciled from Canada to Delaware
* Will refinance existing $250 million first lien credit facility with a new $315 million first lien credit facility
* The new $315 million first lien credit facility is to be provided by funds and accounts managed by HPS Investment Partners
* After deal,board to be comprised of directors nominated by affiliate of funds affiliated with Apollo, certain funds advised/sub-advised by GSO
* It is also anticipated that, following completion of transaction, company securities will be delisted from TSX
* Proceeds of new $315 million credit facility also to be used to redeem $50 million principal amount 10% senior unsecured notes due 2023 of co's unit Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Clemson shortstop Logan Davidson drove in four runs for the Tigers Tuesday night against Kennesaw State. Gavin McIntyre gmcintyre@thestate.com
March 31 China Rapid Finance Ltd
* China Rapid Finance Ltd files for U.S. IPO of $100 million - sec filing
* China Rapid Finance Ltd says IPO of american depositary shares representing class a ordinary shares
* China Rapid Finance Ltd says ADSS have been approved for listing on new york stock exchange under the symbol “XRF”
* China Rapid Finance Ltd says Morgan Stanley. Credit Suisse, Jefferies are underwriters for the IPO
* China Rapid Finance Ltd - proposed IPO price is an estimate solely for purpose of calculating sec registration fee Source text for Eikon: [ID:bit.ly/2opxxVY] Further company coverage: [ ]
Here we go again. The Wall Street Journal reports that Russian hackers stole details of “how the National Security Agency penetrates foreign computer networks, the computer code it uses for such spying, and how it defends networks inside the U.S.” from the home computer of an NSA contractor in 2015.
Perhaps the most tantalizing (or troubling) detail from the report is that the newspaper claims the files were found using an exploit in a Kaspersky Lab antivirus program on the contractor's computer—Russian software that the Department of Homeland Security recently banned for U.S. government use over security concerns. A spokesperson tells the Journal that the NSA doesn't use Kaspersky antivirus software. Clearly, though, such protections don't extend to the homes of contractors.
Perhaps the bigger point here is that yet another contractor has been able to remove files from the NSA's network and get them into the outside world. (The most famous previous offender being Edward Snowden, though more recently Harold Martin also managed a similar feat.) And when a high-profile government agency keeps hemorrhaging sensitive data, that's deeply worrying.
Or as Slate puts it rather more bluntly: “The U.S. can't trust its own spy agency.”
As for the Kaspersky link, there are a couple of points worth bearing in mind. First, as Ars Technica points out, the newspaper provides no supporting evidence that the hack was achieved via Kaspersky software. And second, even if it was, it may have been an honest security flaw in the program rather than a deliberate back door built by the Russian state.
But that's being generous. Now it will prove fascinating to find out if the suspicions of the DHS were founded all along.
Sixteen-year-old Murad Rahimov peered down into a gigantic space he had only dreamed about before: the world's largest clean room, kept scrupulously free of any dust or contamination, where NASA assembles and tests spacecraft before launch.
Murad's eyes gleamed and a smile played on his face as he took it all in — the scientists encased in sterile white suits; the replica of the massive new space telescope, the most powerful ever built, that will study the first galaxies born after the Big Bang.
Murad is obsessed with space. He has been ever since he was three, back in his home country Uzbekistan. His young imagination was sparked when his aunt gave him a picture book about space, and he couldn't stop looking at the images of the solar system. Soon after, he told his parents his dream: He wanted to become an astronaut and work for NASA.
On this recent day, he was getting a private tour of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md., thanks to an NPR listener who heard about Murad's passion for space in a story that aired earlier this year. In January, NPR profiled the Rahimov family on the day they became naturalized as U.S. citizens. The Rahimovs immigrated to the U.S. from Uzbekistan in 2010, when Murad was nine. When they first landed in Kansas City, Murad spoke no English. Now, heading into his junior year of high school, he's on an accelerated track, taking extra classes in the summer and packing his schedule with AP courses.
Listener Aaron Schnittman heard that story on the radio, and his ears perked up when he heard that Murad's goal is to work for NASA. He emailed NPR that same day, that his brother is a research astronomer working for NASA at Goddard. "I think it would be a cool follow up to connect the son to my brother and help him make the connections needed to pursue studies in astronomy," he wrote.
Cool, indeed. The connection was made, emails were exchanged, and last week, at the invitation of Jeremy Schnittman, Murad and his mother, Limara Rahimova, made the trip to Goddard outside Washington, D.C. Schnittman, an astrophysicist who specializes in black holes, spent several hours showing the Rahimovs the inner workings of the space flight center and sharing his enthusiasm for space science.
Murad was clearly in his element, sporting a t-shirt with a picture of the Millennium Falcon spaceship from Star Wars, and a line from the movie: "the fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy."
He and his mother got to see the giant cryo-vac chamber where spacecraft are tested to find out if they'll withstand the extreme temperatures of space. They walked inside the acoustic chamber that blasts spacecraft with earsplitting sound to simulate the vibration of launch. They toured the laser lab where scientists are fine-tuning measurements to detect gravitational waves. "Amazing," Murad marveled.
Back in his office, ("black hole central," as he calls it) Schnittman talked with Murad about his research into how light gets bent around black holes. Naturally, they both share a hero in Albert Einstein, whose photo Schnittman keeps pinned above his desk. "It's remarkable," Schnittman said. "It's over 100 years since Einstein did all of this stuff, and still, everything is Einstein. Einstein, Einstein, Einstein."
When Murad mused about the possibilities of time travel, Schnittman sounded optimistic. "It's really not that much of a stretch to say that we're one step closer to time travel," he told Murad. "This is something that Einstein predicted 100 years ago. According to the theory, the equations, time travel should be possible. The trick is just building it and getting it to work, but as far as we can tell, there's no rule against it."
The astrophysicist and the would-be astronaut parted ways with the promise to stay in touch.
Later Murad said he loves science because it shows "the sheer awesomeness, the sheer scale of how insignificant and alone we are in the universe. All these petty fights that people have between themselves, they are just insignificant. When you start thinking about space, you get lost in the vastness of it. That's what captivates me the most."
Now that he's a U.S. citizen, he believes his dream of becoming an astronaut is more within reach. He and his brother automatically became citizens when their parents did. Murad was at school the day they took the oath: "I came home and looked at my parents, and felt all this pride," he said. "You could sense that something has changed. They were smiling from ear to ear."
For his mother, Limara, becoming a U.S. citizen has grounded her in a new way. "I felt before like I'm between countries," she said. "But now I feel like I'm staying ...both my feet here in this land."
Limara works at a school, and each morning they all stand for the pledge of allegiance. Before, she said, "it didn't touch me. But now, yes! And I know what each word in the pledge of allegiance means. And it means, for me, a lot."
As for Murad? The rising high school junior has his sights set on going to Cal Tech, and on the Mars mission he dreams of one day leading. "Some people, they tell me to try to get a real job," he said, "of maybe not shooting so high. But nah. I'm shooting for it. I'm gonna chase my dreams."
Meantime, there's a celestial show about to happen, one he's been excited about for years: the total solar eclipse.
Murad's hometown, Kansas City, is a perfect spot to see it: right in the path of totality.
Next Monday he will be outside, watching in awe as the moon slides over the sun, and dreaming big dreams of space.
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
Most of the batteries we use, from our cell phones to our cars, rely on using lithium ions. As a result, their capacity is largely a product of how much lithium you can stuff into a given volume. Obviously, using a pure lithium electrode would provide the highest density possible. But there has been no way to control where the lithium ends up as a battery goes through charge/discharge cycles. The typical result is a set of lithium metal spines that short the whole system out.
As a result, a lot of effort has been put into finding other materials that can incorporate lithium into their structure. This lowers the total lithium content but keeps the battery from shorting out. However, a new paper suggests an intriguing alternative, describing a material that ensures lithium forms a smooth coating on its surface with no spines. What's this wonder material? A slightly modified version of asphalt.
Pavement from a chemistry perspective
Although the term "asphalt" is often used as a general term for blacktop pavement, it has a technical meaning as well: a viscous, semi-liquid hydrocarbon that's one of the components of the paving material. There are several different types of asphalt, but the team here worked with something called gilsonite, which is close enough to a solid to be mined. Like other hydrocarbons, it's a complex mix of molecules rather than a pure substance, and it contains things like nitrogen and sulfur due to its origin in biological material.
Using it for batteries is much less insane than it might seem given that many batteries already use various forms of carbon for electrodes. Many types of carbon conduct current well and form porous materials that can store a large volume of ions internally. But, as mentioned above, the team behind the new work (based at Rice University) wasn't looking to store lithium within the asphalt; instead, they were hoping to have the asphalt structure a sheet of lithium metal on its surface.
To prepare the asphalt, the researchers heated off most of the low-weight hydrocarbons and then treated the remaining solids with a strong basic solution (potassium hydroxide). When re-formed into a solid, this material formed a highly porous solid that's a bit like a sponge but much more porous—overall, its surface area was estimated at more than 3,000 square meters for each gram of material. The treatment with a strong base also chemically modified the hydrocarbons at the surface of the material, linking some of the carbon with oxygen. These oxygen atoms appear to help the surface interact with lithium metal.
To form an electrode, they needed something to improve its ability to conduct electricity. So, while the gilsonite was fragmented and suspended in a liquid, they mixed in some fragments of graphene ribbons. When this mix was used to form a porous solid, the ribbons were incorporated into it, making it evenly conductive. This turned out to be critical, as described below.
Once the asphalt was treated, the authors could add lithium to it simply by electroplating it. It formed an even coating on the surface. With that, the material was ready to be used as an electrode.
Testing 1, 2, 3...
Initial tests showed that it could run through repeated charge/discharge cycles without losing much capacity—at a charge transfer efficiency of over 95 percent, in fact. It also worked at a wide variety of charge/discharge rates, from taking 10 hours to discharge to taking as little as six minutes. The team tested the same material without the graphene mixed in, finding that spines of lithium metal formed on the surface, which could short the battery out. The researchers ascribe this to charge being poorly distributed when graphene was absent, causing lithium to build up in specific locations on the battery.
With everything looking promising, they built a battery with it. To make the other electrode, they relied on a somewhat similar approach. Sulfur and lithium have a strong affinity, meaning pure sulfur is able to store lots of lithium ions. But pure sulfur also engages in lots of additional chemical reactions, many of which damage an electrode or the battery as a whole. To avoid this, the researchers reacted sulfur with carbon, chemically linking it to the electrode material.
The results were rather impressive. When all of the electrode materials were considered, the battery's energy density was nearly 950 Watt-hours per kilogram. For comparison, the batteries in a Tesla are in the neighborhood of 250 Whr/kg.
As always, there's no way to know at this point whether this tech can be commercialized. Lots of promising looking results don't hold up under conditions needed for mass production. But this one has a major advantage in that gilsonite is cheap enough that we can afford to pave roads with it. And it's interesting for the different approach it took to stuffing as much lithium as possible into a given volume of battery.
ACS Nano, 2017. DOI: 10.1021/acsnano.7b05874 (About DOIs).
Decrypting blockchain and cryptocurrencies
Cryptocurrencies are dominating the media. This one has collapsed, that one is on the rise, and a new one is around the corner. Their flavour isn't quite as piquant today as it was yesterday thanks to fraud, an upsurge in Initial Coin Offerings (ICO) and the challenges that face its legislation and regulation across country and government.
By Darren Gorton, finance executive at the South African Institute of Professional Accountants (SAIPA)
In April the South African Revenue Service (SARS) announced that it will be treating cryptocurrencies using normal income tax rules. Affected taxpayers will, therefore, be expected to declare cryptocurrency gains or losses as part of their taxable income in the tax year in which it is accrued.
Cryptocurrencies are also often confused with blockchain which is a complex, layered technology that provides the backbone of cryptocurrency, but has the potential to deliver so much more to enterprise, industry and the consumer.
Cryptocurrencies may be getting all the airtime, but blockchain is the underlying technology, and this application of the technology is only a small part of what this technology can enable. Blockchain itself is largely unexplored, even though it has been around for nine years now.
To fully understand the potential of blockchain, it's worth understanding precisely what it is and what it is not. According to Deloitte, blockchain is defined as a ‘digital and distributed ledger of transactions, recorded and replicated in real time across a network of computers or nodes'. It is already being used as a way of replacing databases thanks to its secure, centralised network – taking the vulnerable database of today and turning it into something that can be trusted.
If a bank runs its own database, they can change information without anyone knowing. With blockchain, it is impossible to do so without leaving a digital trail. This means it provides a system that all parties can trust inherently, and the applications of this high level of transparency and security aren't limited to just the finance industry.
Removing the middleman
By implementing blockchain, the business can cut out the middlemen who originally provided the verifications needed for transactions. There is even talk of it being implemented in security exchanges where the exchange is currently the middleman between the investor and the company they want to invest in. While the technology may not have an immediate and profound impact on the man on the street, for the accountant it potentially offers an additional layer of trust to the numbers.
Blockchain provides the certification between two parties in a transaction, acting as the verification in itself. There is increased emphasis on the validity and accuracy of the information. The Professional Accountant (SA) can lean on the security afforded by blockchain to focus on adding value to the enterprise across financial reporting, analysis and insights.
Of course, this does mean that the accounting industry needs an understanding of the technology, how it supplies the verification and the reasoning behind its security and validity.
Businesses are set to adopt this technology, of that there is no doubt. It won't happen overnight, and the middlemen are going to push for a lot of legislation to delay the advance of blockchain technology as far as possible or even make some of the applications unlawful. It is a battle that technology will most likely win in the long run, and the Professional Accountant (SA) needs to know how this will impact on clients and the industry they are working in.
For the Professional Accountant (SA), the pressure is on. By understanding how blockchain works and the impact it has, they can provide clients with exceptional insight into everything from the latest regulations to innovative applications.
The circle of success
In South Africa, we still have a way to go, but that doesn't mean that the Professional Accountant (SA) can put their head in the sand and ignore it. As cryptocurrency fluctuates and organisations such as the Reserve Bank, SARS and other government departments implement regulation to manage the movement of money around the globe, blockchain is going to evolve at a rapid pace.
Another aspect to consider is information. The POPI Act and other similar forms of legislation that control information are set to impact on the development and adoption of blockchain. It connects to the digital lives that people are leading, the regulation around what companies can or cannot maintain, and how blockchain can support compliance.
It is difficult to say how blockchain and cryptocurrencies are going to play out. The Professional Accountant must be aware of how cryptocurrencies are declared in business records and monitor regulation. They have to know what to look out for, the risks that are involved and the impact on the business. And they need to recognise that these technologies aren't going to leave any time soon.
Atlanta-based East West Manufacturing has acquired Innovolt, combining two innovation-focused firms in Atlanta with complementary strengths and sales spanning the globe.
Innovolt's products protect and monitor companies' electronic assets, guarding them against the effects of power outages and sudden surges.
East West has long been a supplier for Innovolt, and the companies' leaders believe its global design and production capabilities will help Innovolt continue to serve its customers and distributors well.
“Innovolt has delivered hundreds of thousands of proprietary products to support their customers for a decade – we want to continue to serve these customers and markets with the same leading technology and support,” Scott Ellyson, East West co-founder and CEO said in a release announcing the deal Nov. 14. Terms were not disclosed.
East West has a joint venture motor factory in China and works with partner factories all over that country to produce an extensive catalogue of parts, including motors and components for electronics, robots and medical equipment. It also has a sourcing office in India and owns factories in Vietnam.
Innovolt was spun out of Georgia Tech's Advanced Technology Development Center in 2007 and has surged since then, finding customers in places like Canada and South Africa, where long distances or unreliable grids make it costly to leave equipment unprotected.
With a product built on more than 20 years of research and some 32 patents, Innovolt climbed to No. 31 on the Inc. 5000 list of fastest-growing private companies in 2013 and has also been honored since then by the Technology Association of Georgia, Atlanta Business Chronicle and Forbes.
The deal is East West's first major buy since attracting a strategic investment from Heritage Growth Partners LLC last May, in part with the intent to grow through acquisition.
In the process, East West landed Bob Nardelli on its board of directors. The former Home Depot and Chrysler CEO said in a release that the Innovolt deal shows why it was important to recapitalize East West. Mr. Ellyson said in early November, just a week before the Innovolt transaction went live, that the company's leaders were excited about what the earlier deal would mean for “acquisition initiatives.”
“This acquisition aligns perfectly with our strategy of building our portfolio by incorporating companies offering innovative products to their customers,” Mr. Nardelli said in the news release. East West is actively seeking to buy other contract manufacturers or product suppliers with sales of $10 million-$50 million and earnings of $1 million-$5 million, according to a Heritage Growth Partners email. Some criteria include domestic factories, long-term customers, strong management and proprietary products.
The deal with Heritage was named by the Atlanta Chapter of The Association for Corporate Growth as one of the deals of the year in 2016-17, with the organization noting that East West is on the way to $100 million in annual revenues.
East West also has a new logo and recently launched a new website.
Read more about Innovolt's global operations here or learn more about the anatomy of a joint venture with this story on East West's Chinese partner factory.
Learn more about Mr. Ellyson from this story on his speech at Kiwanis in early 2016.
Prime Minister Allen Chastanet believes the region's fore-most tourism body should be revamped.
Chastanet declares that when the 2017 Atlantic Hurricane season wrought unprecedented levels of destruction across the Caribbean, there was no reliable source to obtain real-time information on the situation on the ground.
The Prime Minister met with the World Tourism Organization in December to discuss tourism on a global basis.
FILE PHOTO: The logo of BT is seen outside the headquarters in Milan, Italy January 24, 2017. REUTERS/Stefano Rellandini/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: The logo of BT is seen outside the headquarters in Milan, Italy January 24, 2017. REUTERS/Stefano Rellandini/File Photo
MILAN Three employees of BT Group's Italian unit warned their Madrid-based supervisor in November 2015 about possible accounting problems at BT Italy, one of the three said, a year before the phone company revealed financial irregularities at the division.
The source's disclosure, on condition of anonymity because Italian prosecutors are investigating the matter, raises questions about how promptly BT began investigating an accounting scam that has cost it 530 million pounds ($670 million) and hit its share price.
BT, one of Britain's oldest companies, said last October it had discovered "inappropriate management behavior" and "historical accounting errors" at its Italy unit, taking a 145 million pounds write-down. In January, it said in a statement it had identified improper accounting at BT Italy and expanded the write-down to a total of around 530 million pounds.
BT Chief Executive Gavin Patterson told reporters at the time that BT could not have detected the problem sooner because Italian managers kept their London bosses in the dark. BT did not say how it believed managers were involved in this deception. Reuters was unable to verify BT's allegation.
The source told Reuters that he and two BT Italy colleagues had met the head of European sales, Jacinto Cavestany, on the sidelines of a company gathering in Munich in November 2015. The three told the sales chief that they were worried something was wrong with the unit's financial results, though they did not provide evidence, the source said.
They also complained to Cavestany of bullying by local management, especially then BT Italy Chief Executive Gianluca Cimini, and of pressure to meet tough bonus targets, the source said. The source added that the sales chief had replied that the three should help him to steer Cimini "in the right direction".
BT said in response to questions by Reuters that it began an internal investigation after receiving allegations in late summer 2016 of "inappropriate behavior" at BT Italy - almost a year after the Munich meeting. It did not specify the allegations or say exactly when the probe began.
Contacted by Reuters, Cavestany referred questions to BT. The company said in an email that "Jacinto has no recollection of these issues being raised with him at the conference".
Cimini, in an email to Reuters, denied allegations of bullying. In relation to alleged financial irregularities, he said he knew of no illegal behavior and that BT Italy's accounts were verified by head office during his time as CEO.
BT declined to say exactly when it uncovered irregularities. "BT became aware of the financial irregularities after receiving allegations of inappropriate behavior in late summer 2016. This led to us carrying out an initial investigation of the alleged conduct as we announced in October," it told Reuters.
As a listed firm, BT is obliged to make timely disclosure of price-sensitive information. BT's shares fell 20 percent when it made its January disclosure on improper accounting at BT Italy.
BT has publicly disclosed that it uncovered a complex set of improper sales, leasing transactions and factoring. Factoring is a way in which firms sell future income to financiers for cash.
BT also said in response to Reuters' questions that it had received complaints of what it called bullying at BT Italy earlier in 2016. It said senior company representatives had visited the Italian business and looked into the issue.
According to a person familiar with BT's internal investigation, the probe - codenamed Project Crane - began as an inquiry into bullying and interviewed about 40 employees. It concluded that Italian management had been responsible for "bullying and inappropriate behavior", according to a one-page summary of the findings reviewed by Reuters. It was not clear from the summary what the "inappropriate behavior" referred to.
During or as a result of Project Crane, BT uncovered financial irregularities, current and former employees of BT said. BT then hired auditor KPMG to look at the irregularities. Neither the Project Crane report nor KPMG report has been released.
In the United States, several BT shareholders have filed class-action lawsuits alleging the group misled investors and failed to promptly disclose the financial irregularities.
In a suit filed by Rosen Law Firm on Jan. 25, a shareholder claims BT had failed to disclose improper accounting that was either known to the company or "recklessly disregarded by them" for four years until their first disclosure in October 2016.
Rosen Law Firm spokesman Noel Chandonnet said the lawsuit would show that BT lacked effective internal controls.
FAKING SALES
The source involved in the Munich meeting, as well as four current employees not involved in that meeting, also laid out for the first time certain details of how they say the deception worked.
The five sources said a network of people in the Italy unit had exaggerated revenues from certain BT-installed phone lines, faked contract renewals and invoices and invented bogus supplier transactions in order to meet bonus targets and disguise the unit's true financial performance. All of these practices had been going on since at least 2013, they added.
Two sources familiar with the KPMG report said it had found these same types of irregularities.
For example, BT Italy earned income from toll-free hotlines provided to corporate clients. This income varied according to how much traffic a hotline carried: the busier the line, the more money a client paid to BT Italy.
According to four of the sources, client-account managers exaggerated hotline traffic by misstating them in internal records. They did this in order to meet aggressive internal targets and collect their bonuses, they added.
Clients were unaware of the deception and only paid revenues due on the actual traffic recorded, they said.
BT Italy's purchasing office also colluded to mask the true state of the business, making fake purchase orders to suppliers with no intention of receiving goods, four sources said. Reuters was unable to determine if any of the suppliers was aware of the scheme.
No cash changed hands, but BT Italy would suddenly cancel the order and ask the supplier to issue a credit note by way of a refund, these sources said. Some bogus credit notes were then sold to a factoring company for cash, said one of the sources, a current client-account manager at BT.
One current employee said multiple internal accounting systems, a legacy of BT acquisitions in Italy, enabled staff to inflate revenues by entering two duplicate invoices for the same client. The genuine invoices were entered into one system and mailed to clients; the duplicates went into another system, according to this source.
A source familiar with the prosecutors' investigation said the accounts of the former and current employees matched the prosecutors' findings on the practice of faking income.
BT annual reports show it examined Italy's risk controls in 2013 and 2014. It said in its 2014 report that the unit had made significant progress to improve its control environment.
BULLYING
The deception took place in an atmosphere in which employees were criticized and shouted at by a few top managers in front of colleagues for failing to meet targets, all five BT Italy sources said.
They said the pressure to hit targets rose after Cimini became the unit's chief executive in April 2013. He was formerly its chief financial officer.
For example, the current BT Italy client-account manager said his 2016-17 goals, set early last year, require him to more than double overall revenues from his clients.
In a staff meeting in Milan, one eyewitness source said, Cimini spoke about the need to meet targets and demonstrated how no employee was indispensable. He dipped a finger into a glass of water and remarked: "What happens if I put my finger inside and take it out? Absolutely nothing - the same if you left the company."
Cimini denied this incident took place.
"The episodes of mobbing (bullying) that were reported (to Reuters) are absolute fantasy and falsehood, but evidently the sources can invent and speak of stuff they know nothing about when they think they are protected by anonymity," he said.
BT suspended Cimini and some other managers late last year after its internal inquiry. It did not disclose the reason for their suspensions. The five BT sources offered no evidence that Cimini knew of the deception.
Cimini said in his emailed comments to Reuters that the most recent company survey on BT Italy's internal environment showed it was one of the best workplaces in Europe. Reuters could not verify this. BT declined to comment on employee surveys across different lines of business.
(Additional reporting by Valentina Consiglio in ROME, Paul Sandle, Simon Jessop and Kirstin Ridley in LONDON and Agnieszka Flak in MILAN; Editing by Mark Bendeich and Alessandra Galloni)
LAGOS, April 13 Nigerian interbank lending rates rose sharply by around 100 percentage points on Thursday, as commercial lenders scrambled for cash to pay for bond purchases and cover their positions, traders said.
Overnight lending rates rose to around 300 percent from 200 percent at the end of Wednesday, as naira liquidity dried up in the banking system and some banks were forced to borrow from the central bank.
Nigeria raised 105.32 billion naira ($345 million) from bond sales this week, and payment for the debt sale was due on Thursday, draining liquidity in the market and pushing further up the cost of money in the market.
"The market is currently short of funds with major placers asking for a higher rate on their money as a result of pressure from those who need cash to cover their positions," one trader said.
The central bank has consistently sold dollars at both the spot and forward markets, and required banks to pay for the purchase. This has drained liquidity in the market.
Nigeria's financial markets will be closed until April 18 for a public holiday. ($1 = 305.1000 naira) (Reporting by Oludare Mayowa; Editing by Toby Chopra)
Onlookers catch this hardcore elder rocking out to some metal and despite critics calling it a dangerous move for the metalhead, it's safe to say the act of rocking out really has no age limit.
For those about to rock, as always, we salute you!
More Videos 2:18 Las Vegas shooting victims remembered at service Pause 0:43 Columbia secretly pays $224,000 in dispute over clear-cutting 1:19 SC mother recalls 11-year-old son's encounter with would-be kidnapper 1:58 USC vs. Arkansas a bigger physical or mental challenge? 2:52 Mark Kingston on Scout Day 1:12 How Gamecock men's basketball success is paying forward to this year's team 3:11 Game preview: Difficult tasks await USC against Arkansas 2:15 Josh Kendall: The good news, bad news from USC's 3-1 start 1:18 What's next for South Carolina's offense 1:33 Sneak peek: what's the best thing you ate at Urban Cookhouse? Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
USC vs. Arkansas a bigger physical or mental challenge? South Carolina football coach Will Muschamp discusses what the Gamecocks must overcome against Arkansas. South Carolina football coach Will Muschamp discusses what the Gamecocks must overcome against Arkansas.
South Carolina football coach Will Muschamp discusses what the Gamecocks must overcome against Arkansas.
The Latest on a fatal shooting captured on video and later shared on Facebook (all times local):
7:35 p.m.
A vigil has been held in Cleveland for the victim of a deadly shooting that was videotaped and then posted on Facebook.
Dozens of family, friends and community members gathered Monday evening to remember 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. They carried flowers and balloons and hugged and comforted each other, while urging an end to the violence on their city streets.
Police say 37-year-old Steve Stephens killed Godwin Sunday afternoon in what appeared to be a random shooting while the retiree was picking up aluminum cans. Stephens then uploaded the gruesome video of the killing to Facebook.
Authorities are searching multiple states for Stephens, who is considered armed and dangerous. A $50,000 reward is being offered for information leading to the capture and prosecution of him.
___
3:45 p.m.
Authorities searching multiple states for a suspect in the deadly shooting of a Cleveland man say they have no idea what led up to what they say appears to be a random shooting.
Cleveland's police chief said Monday that only Steve Stephens knows the answer.
Police say the 37-year-old Stephens shot a Cleveland retiree picking up aluminum cans Sunday and then posted a video of the killing on Facebook.
In the video, Stephens names a woman and tells the victim, Robert Godwin Sr., that "she's the reason that this is about to happen to you."
Authorities say Stephens is considered armed and dangerous and could be anywhere.
Cleveland police chief Calvin Williams says authorities have already searched every location Stephens has been associated with in the Cleveland area.
___
3:15 p.m.
Police in Philadelphia say they have "no indication" that the suspect in an apparently random killing in Cleveland is in Philadelphia.
Authorities said multiple 911 calls came in shortly after 12:30 p.m. Monday reporting that Steve Stephens could be in or near Fairmount Park, a large green expanse northwest of downtown.
Officers were sent to check the area, and police say eight elementary schools and a high school were locked down as a precaution.
But police later said "there is no indication that the subject is at that location, or anywhere in the city of Philadelphia."
Police say Stephens shot a Cleveland retiree collecting aluminum cans Sunday and then posted video of the apparently random killing on Facebook.
___
2:10 p.m.
Police in Philadelphia say schools have been locked down as they investigate reported sightings of the suspect in an apparently random killing in Cleveland. But authorities also say there is no indication that Steve Stephens is in Philadelphia.
Authorities say multiple 911 calls came in shortly after 12:30 p.m. Monday claiming that Stephens could be in or near Fairmount Park, a large green expanse northwest of downtown.
Officers are checking the area, and police say eight elementary schools and a high school are on lockdown as a precaution.
Police say Stephens shot a Cleveland retiree collecting aluminum cans Sunday and then posted video of the apparently random killing on Facebook.
Philadelphia is a more-than-six-hour drive from Cleveland.
___
11:50 a.m.
A former girlfriend of the suspect in the slaying of an elderly Cleveland man has told CBS News in a text that 37-year-old Steve Stephens was "a nice guy" who was generous to everyone and was "kind and loving" to her and her children.
Joy Lane says Monday she had a relationship for several years with Stephens, now the target of a nationwide manhunt for the Easter slaying.
Stephens, in a video he posted to Facebook, mentions Lane's name to 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. and says she is "the reason that this is about to happen to you" before the random attack.
Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams says Lane is cooperating with authorities and is being protected.
___
11:05 a.m.
A spokeswoman for the behavior health facility where the suspect in the shooting of an elderly Cleveland man worked says the man underwent an extensive FBI background check before being hired in 2008.
Beech Brook spokeswoman Nancy Kortemeyer says Monday there was nothing in the background check for 37-year-old Steve Stephens that caused any concerns.
Kortemeyer says Stephens' job since 2015 as a vocational specialist involved preparing youth and young adults ages 16-25 for employment.
Stephens had referred to himself as a case manager. Kortemeyer says he did have a caseload of clients that he managed.
Authorities say Stephens did not have a criminal record.
Officials say Stephens shot and killed 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. on Sunday and posted the gruesome video on Facebook.
___
10:45 a.m.
A daughter of the elderly Cleveland man shot and killed in a gruesome video posted on Facebook says he was a gentle person, with nothing mean about him.
Debbie Godwin says her father, 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr., was shot Sunday afternoon while he was picking up aluminum cans. She says he "wasn't harming anyone."
Authorities are telling people in Cleveland, as well as Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan, to be on the lookout for the suspect, 37-year-old Steve Stephens.
Cleveland's police chief is telling residents to be careful.
Debbie Godwin says her father was retired and had 10 children. She says he spent the day before the shooting doing one of the things he loved most, fishing in Lake Erie.
___
10:25 a.m.
The behavioral health facility where a suspect in the shooting of an elderly Cleveland man worked has closed Monday out of concern for the safety of employees, clients and visitors
A spokeswoman for Beech Brook, in suburban Pepper Pike, issued a statement Monday that says 37-year-old suspect Steve Stephens has been employed there since 2008 and has been a vocational specialist in a program for youth and young adults since 2015.
The statement says both the Pepper Pike facility and a drop-in center in Cleveland are closed and that a decision will be made later Monday about when they will reopen.
___
9:30 a.m.
Authorities on the hunt for a suspect who they say fatally shot an elderly Cleveland man in a gruesome video posted on Facebook say his last known location was at the shooting site.
Police and the FBI in Cleveland said Monday that the suspect, 37-year-old Steve Stephens, could still be in the city or in surrounding states.
Chief Calvin Williams says detectives talked with Stephens by cellphone Sunday after he shot 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. but haven't had contact since.
Authorities are telling people in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be on the lookout. They say Stephens should be considered armed and dangerous.
Cleveland's police chief says officers have searched dozens of places since the shooting Sunday and told residents to go about their business, but be careful.
___
7 a.m.
Cleveland police searching for the suspect who fatally shot an elderly passerby in a gruesome video posted on Facebook say no more victims have been found, despite the shooter's claim that he killed over a dozen people.
Police said Monday that they've found no evidence of other slayings linked to the suspect, 37-year-old Steve Stephens. They planned to provide updates on the search at a news conference later Monday morning.
They say Stephens may have left Ohio, and they're urging people in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be on the lookout. They say Stephens should be considered armed and dangerous.
He's wanted on an aggravated murder charge in the death of 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. on Sunday afternoon in Cleveland.
The FBI is helping with the investigation.
___
2:05 a.m.
Police in Ohio are urging residents in surrounding states on Monday to be on alert for a man who they say shot and killed an elderly passerby and then posted a gruesome video of the killing on Facebook.
Thirty-seven-year-old Steve Stephens is wanted on a charge of aggravated murder in the death of Robert Godwin Sr. on Sunday afternoon in Cleveland.
In a statement early Monday, police warned residents of Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be on the lookout for Stephens, who they say should be considered armed and dangerous.
In a separate video posted on Facebook, Stephens claimed to have killed more than a dozen other people. Police say they have not verified any other shootings or deaths.
The FBI is assisting in the investigation.
Jonathan Dowling isn't as tall as Pat Watkins, but the two share a familiar football path and story.
It was Watkins whom the Argos would lure to Canada in 2012, a Florida guy whose journey took him to the NFL only to have a knee injury sideline his career.
Dowling is a few inches shorter than the 6-foot-5 Watkins, but he has the look of someone capable of being that elusive shut-down corner in Toronto's secondary, like Watkins was during his time in Double Blue before he moved on to Edmonton in free agency.
Dowling grew up in Bradenton, Fla., a mere 10 minute drive from IMG Academy, where he was first introduced to three-down football at last month's Argos mini-camp.
When the Argos first caught a glimpse of Watkins on the field, it was at IMG Academy.
As far back as he can recall, Dowling has been playing football since he was four years old.
“Little league, college, the whole way,'' said Dowling, who attended Western Kentucky before getting drafted in 2014 by the Oakland Raiders.
By his recollection, eight kids Dowling grew up with in Bradenton played Division 1 football, four making it to the NFL, including Dowling.
One of Dowling's closest friends is Brian Poole, a corner for the Atlanta Falcons.
The two were high school teammates and would have been collegiate teammates at Florida, had Dowling elected to stay in Gainesville.
Dowling is 6-foot-3 who also played receiver in high school.
He was contemplating a move to full-time receiver in college, but decided to line up in the back end at safety.
Dowling's familiarity with the CFL began a few years ago, but he admits his connection with James Wilder Jr. elevated Dowling's appreciation of three-down football.
The two were with the Buffalo Bills.
When Wilder made the decision to sign with the Argos last off-season, Dowling began to pay closer attention to the Argos and the CFL in general.
“When I saw that James came up here and had success, I didn't want my career to end,'' said Dowling. “I just wanted to come up here and show that I still got it.”
As is often the case with many first-year Americans new to the CFL, injury or the politics of pigskin open their eyes to the potential that awaits in Canada.
Dowling tore his knee in 2016.
Wilder is also from Florida and the two forged a connection when the running back ended up with Tampa Bay in the NFL.
“But we really began to know each other in Buffalo and that sparked the decision to come up here,'' said Dowling.
The Argos have been following Dowling's path for years.
Cover corners are elusive and when someone such as Dowling, who has length and height, becomes available, an opportunity presents itself.
He's expected to line up Friday in Toronto's pre-season opener in Hamilton, where Johnny Manziel will get some snaps at quarterback.
So far, Dowling has taken to the CFL game and is impressed at the talent he's seen.
The wider field brings its own set of unique issues.
“It's football,'' said Dowling. “I was telling (Argos teammates ) T.J. Heath that I see no drop off from the NFL to the CFL. There are guys working hard every day and competing. I feel the DBs I've been working out with are just as talented as the DBs I worked with in the NFL, good hands, good feet.
“It's about who is going to step up and make plays.”
If Dowling does, chances are good he'll make the team.
PICTON, O'CONNOR ‘TWO VERY SMART GUYS'
Under no circumstance can the likes of Noah Picton and Michael O'Connor be exposed to such high-end quarterback talent and pedigree than what each is experiencing at Argos camp.
Neither is taking any real reps and neither will see any playing time in the pre-season, but to rub shoulders and be in the same meeting room and on the same field as Ricky Ray, be coached by Anthony Calvillo and Marc Trestman, there's no telling how much growth both Picton and O'Connor will earn.
“They're both really good,'' said Trestman. “I'm really impressed. They're both highly football intelligent, can throw the ball well. They are very engaged and they are two very smart guys.”
To say Picton and O'Connor are contrasting QBs would be an understatement. Picton, a former Hec Crighton winner from Regina, is Doug Flutie-like in dimension, while O'Connor, who attends UBC, is much taller.
To its credit, the CFL is keen on exposing Canadian QBs to the pro game through an allocation program, which is how O'Connor, who is from Ottawa but whose football path took him to IMG Academy in Florida and then Penn State, arrived at Argos camp.
Picton went undrafted earlier this month, but teams can protect two players and Picton caught the eye of the Argos.
A year ago, the Argos found a gem when they protected receiver Jimmy Ralph.
During their days in Montreal, Trestman and GM Jim Popp offered Canadians quarterbacks that rare opportunity to experience a pro training camp and glean valuable insights and experiences.
There was no rookie camp this year in Argoland and Popp wanted Picton and O'Connor to fully embrace the moment.
O'Connor hasn't gone through the CFL draft yet.
As such, he can't play in any exhibition games.
Picton, who wants to be a coach one day, a career ambition that intrigued Popp, attended the CFL combine and was good enough to warrant a draft grade.
“He deserves a chance,'' said Popp of Picton. “And he deserves to be here.”
Picton can dress and play in any of the Argos' two pre-season games, beginning this Friday in the Hammer.
While much has been done to promote and nurture Canadian quarterbacks, clearly more needs to be done.
Training camps in the CFL end quickly and teams need to iron out their pecking order at the all-important position.
Ray is the incumbent and it's likely he'll get very little reps in the pre-season, with a battle brewing at the back-up spot.
A short yardage QB needs to be identified and all the while the likes of Picton and O'Connor are soaking it all up and embracing this rare moment.
fzicarelli@postmedia.com
A&M BASEBALL GAME PREVIEW: UT ARLINGTON
COLLEGE STATION, Texas – The Texas A&M Aggies head to Arlington for a non-conference game against the UTA Mavericks. The Maroon and White enter the fray winners of 11 of their last 13 games, including their current six-game hit streak. The run also includes winning seven of their last eight road games.
The Maroon and White are coming off a three-game series sweep at Alabama after consecutive weekend series wins against USA Today Coaches Poll Top 25 squads, including two weeks ago at No. 8 LSU and last weekend against No. 11 Auburn.
On March 25 the Aggies dropped a 17-3 decision in their second game at Vanderbilt. Since then, the Maroon and White have made a steady climb, going from 15-9 overall and 0-5 in the SEC, to a 26-11 overall mark and an 8-7 league ledger. The 11-2 record over the last 13 games includes winning series against No. 8 LSU and No. 11 Auburn. Pitching has keyed the turnaround. The pitching staff owns a 2.64 ERA and is holding opponents to a .207 batting average over the span. Relievers Kaylor Chafin and Cason Sherrod both own 3-0 records and newly minted closer Mitchell Kilkenny has five saves. Among the starters, Corbin Martin has emerged as a viable weekend starter, going 2-0 with a .286 ERA and .215 opponent batting average in his four starts over the span.
Offensively, Hunter Coleman and Nick Choruby have helped spearhead the re-emergence. Over the last 13 games, Coleman is batting .364 (12-for-33) with eight runs, one double, one home run, six RBIs, six walks and a .463 on-base percentage. Choruby is hitting .353 (18-for-51) with 12 runs, one double, one triple, two home runs, six walks and a .441 on-base percentage.
The turnaround includes a 7-1 mark in road games. Offensively, Choruby is hitting .455 (15-for-33) with 10 runs, one double, one triple, two home runs and a .526 on-base percentage in those eight road games. On the mound, Martin has started three games, posting a 2-0 record and 1.89 ERA with wins at LSU and Alabama.
The Aggie bullpen has been a menace to opponents in April to pace the Maroon and White to an 8-1 record. In the nine games the Texas A&M bullpen is 5-0 with four saves, a 1.11 ERA and a .136 opponent batting average in 32.1 innings of work. The relievers boast a 0.87 WHIP and have 33 strikeouts for the month. Chafin leads the staff with 9.1 scoreless innings, scattering two hits and three walks while striking out nine to earn a 2-0 mark in his four appearances. Sherrod has a 2-0 mark with a 1.08 ERA, yielding one run on four hits and two walks while striking out six in 8.1 innings over three appearances. Kilkenny has four saves and a 2.70 ERA, allowing two runs on seven hits and three walks while striking out seven in 6.2 innings.
Dating back to the 2014 season, the Aggies have won 38 of their last 41 midweek contests, including a 9-1 mark in 2017. The Maroon and White are averaging 8.5 runs per game, hitting .306 with a .409 on-base percentage and 21 stolen bases. Cole Bedford is hitting .417 (10-for-24) with four runs, two doubles and five RBIs in the midweek. Braden Shewmake is batting .415 (17-for-41) with 12 runs, five doubles, one triple, one home run and 12 RBI. Blake Kopetsky is hitting .406 (13-for-32) with eight runs, three doubles, two triples and eight RBI. Joel Davis is batting .364 (12-for-33) with 11 runs, one double, two triples, three home runs and 13 RBI. This season, the bullpen has been the key to the Aggies' midweek success. They've worked 60.1 innings, posting a 1.64 ERA and holding opponents to a .175 batting average. The bullpen is 9-0 with one save in the midweek.
The game will be available for streaming on the Mavericks' subscription-based UTAMavs.com feed.
They will air on SportsRadio 1150/102.7 The Zone.
TEXAS A&M AGGIES (26-11, 8-7 SEC) vs. UT ARLINGTON MAVERICKS (19-17, 10-5 SUN BELT)
Clay Gould Ballpark (1,600) • Arlington, Texas
PROBABLE PITCHING MATCHUPS
• TUESDAY: #23 Turner Larkins (Jr., RHP, 0-0, 3.24 ERA) vs. #11 Jake Wilcox (Jr., LHP, 2-1, 7.07 ERA)
SCHEDULE Tuesday, 6:30 p.m. RADIO SportsRadio 1150/102.7 The Zone • Dave South (play-by-play) LIVE VIDEO UTAMavs.com – subscription-based LIVE AUDIO 12thMan.com LIVE STATS UTAMavs.com RANKINGS Texas A&M – 20th (D1B), 23rd (BA), 25th (NCBWA); UTA – unranked SERIES HISTORY Texas A&M leads 28-8
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The clashes broke out between the two opposing gangs in the prison of the city of Manaus, according to the O Globo newspaper.
Sergio Fontes, head of security of the state of Amazonas, said that the death toll as a result of the riot could rise, the newspaper added.
Almost Done!
Please confirm your details below.
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate {* birthdate *} Gender {* gender *}
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *}
{* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *}
By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Market to use my account information to create my account.
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy.
{* backButton *}
{* /socialRegistrationForm *}
Share. Game Boy, advanced. Game Boy, advanced.
Metroid: Samus Returns is the remake of Metroid II: The Return of Samus we needed. Fans have been clamoring for this remake so much that a few talented Metroid fans recently attempted a renegade reboot. The story of Metroid II is integral to the story of the series, leading directly to the events of Super Metroid and Metroid Fusion. Though it is fondly remembered by some, its simple black and white Game Boy graphics and sluggish action make it really tough to return to or appreciate today.
Like others, my initial reaction to the footage of Metroid: Samus Returns were met with a mixture of joy at the heroine's return to 2D action and skepticism at the use of 3D polygons to upgrade the caverns of SR388. However, after playing Metroid: Samus Returns, I can assure fans that, though I miss the Super Nintendo-inspired pixel art of the most recent games (way back on Game Boy Advance), it looks great, and it plays as good -- or better -- than any other Metroid.
Metroid: Samus Returns E3 2017 Gameplay Demo Stills 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 41 Stills from the E3 2017 Treehouse Live gameplay demo for Metroid: Samus Returns. 01 OF 41 Stills from the E3 2017 Treehouse Live gameplay demo for Metroid: Samus Returns. Metroid: Samus Returns E3 2017 Gameplay Demo Stills Download Image Captions ESC
This wasn't just any game demo, however: I played Metroid: Samus Returns alongside Metroid co-creator and longtime series producer Yoshio Sakomoto, who looked on and gauged my reactions, while answering a few questions about the Metroid series and his latest project.
After just a short time with Samus Returns, my first question was not what was different but what was the same? While I loosely recognized the layout of the starting area, there was a lot of new stuff introduced in quick succession: Within minutes I was brandishing a new timed counter ability, using newer series moves like wall jumps and ledge grabs, dropping an information bomb-like charge to expose swaths of the map, and discovering crazy Chozo artifacts that were definitely not part of the Game Boy version. Mr. Sakamoto reassured me, "It's the same game. … All of the fundamental design is the same ... in that the basic map structure is all based off the Metroid II map. Basically what we've done is we've used this new technology that we have at our fingertips to just polish up what was already there and to improve upon it." He added, joking, "Maybe the thing that felt so different was that it was in full color."
But a lot has changed. Check out the trailer above to see some gameplay. I'll add two things: One, as I mentioned above, is that it feels great. The best example of new gameplay is the counter attack which you must time perfectly in reaction to a flash of an enemy. It's somewhat like the shield-countering move of The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. I used this attack on both smaller enemies and the metroid miniboss. Two, running on the 3DS, Metroid: Samus Returns looks better than in the videos showing it off. You may not be a fan of the new art style, but, if you're like me, you'll be busy killing space bugs, looking for secret spaces to roll through, and obsessively checking the map; and it all feels like a Metroid game you've played before. One more cool thing: The map has been upgraded as well to take advantage of the 3DS's bottom screen: You can leave marker points, tap on points for information, and use the map as a tool to plan your future backtracking.
This isn't the first remake of a classic Metroid. Metroid: Zero Mission revisited Samus's first game on the NES, adding s similar set of moves, upgrades, map features, and, best of all, a surprising new area to explore and an additional boss. I had to ask, was Samus Returns getting the same expansion? Mr. Sakamoto responded affirmatively, but didn't go into detail, saying, "I believe that yes you can go ahead and look forward to some of those same experiences that you had with Zero Mission."
“ We started around two years ago... It's almost there. It's quite a way along.
Metroid: Zero Mission also added an additional layer of backstory involving Samus's upbringing on an alien homeworld. I asked Mr. Sakamoto if we could expect more of this in Samus Returns, especially considering that the source material, Metroid II: The Return of Samus, culminated with a key moment in Metroid lore, which I won't spoil here. He said, "[In] this game there's a lot of background, there's a lot of lore involved in this title. But it's not like a novel or something. It incorporates the lore, but it's not integral to the gameplay experience. It's in the background more than in the foreground." He added, "There is definitely information for the players to get that revolves around sort of the larger storyline."
So why is Samus returning now? This might be thanks to MercurySteam as much as Mr. Sakamoto. He told me, "About the time I was looking at the 3DS and the great specs and this game and the features that it offered and was thinking to myself, 'Man, maybe this is the time to revisit that 2D Metroid game.' I had heard that MercurySteam was interested in working on some sort of Metroid remake. Not 2, but they had some interest, and this just sort of overlapped with each other."
I had to ask, was this project tied in any way to the illusive Metroid Dread, a sequel hinted at in Metroid Prime 3? Mr. Sakamoto responded shot down my suspicion, "I think it's better to say that this is a remake, remastering of Metroid 2, a powered-up version of that, and not something to do with the other project."
A previous Metroid game, Metroid Fusion, linked directly to Metroid Prime via the Game Boy Advance link cable, unlocking features in both games. I asked if Samus Returns would link with Metroid Prime 4, also announced at E3 2017. Mr. Sakamoto responded, "This time there is not any direct connection between Metroid Prime 4 and Metroid: Samus Returns." Metroid: Samus Returns is Mr. Sakamoto's focus right now, as well, and when asked about the other M, he simply said, "I'm not involved in Metroid Prime 4."
The Metroid: Samus Returns demo at E3 2017 started right from the beginning, which, if you've played a lot of "drop in" demos, is unusual, and might indicate how far along Samus Returns is. Mr. Sakamoto, confirmed this, saying "We started around two years ago, so it's been about two years... It's almost there. It's quite a way along." We'll all be playing Samus Returns on September 15th, 2017. With Metroid Prime 4 announced and some cool Metroid amiibo on the way, this is turning out to be a great E3 for Metroid. Mr. Sakamoto is excited too, saying "We want everyone to play Metroid this year. We would love for it to be a Year of Metroid, as it were." Hey, Luigi got a year; why not Samus?
Samuel Claiborn is IGN's Managing Editor and both fixes and breaks pinball machines in his garage. TCELES B HSUP to follow him @Samuel_IGN on Twitter.
Gaming addiction is now recognised as a disorder by the World Health Organisation (WHO) and has therefore garnered plenty of attention recently. But what is gaming addiction, who can it affect and what signs do you need to look for in your own children?
And what can you do if you do suspect one of your family members exhibits an unhealthy obsession with videogames?
Andy Robertson is well placed to give some answers to those questions and more. As founder of YouTube channel FamilyGamerTV and author of forthcoming book on the subject, Taming Gaming: Guide your Child to Video Game Health, he is an expert in the field of playing games responsibly with your young ones.
He also happens to be a dyed-in-the-wool Pocket-lint contributor too, so we asked him to provide his thoughts and suggestions on the hot topic of unhealthy gaming habits and what you can do about them…
"Many reports on gaming addiction create for-or-against camps, but without the sort of detailed discussion and advice that can help parents and children with practical advice.
"It's not as simple as reading the age rating and 'just saying no'. Equally, it does require some time and attention from parents to move children towards more healthy game time.
"A lot of the arguments have centred around the WHO Gaming Disorder classification. However, it's important to note that this could still be changed before it is presented in its final form in May 2019. In the meantime it is being field tested by Member States. Although it, like the rest of the ICD-11 scheme it's referenced in, hasn't been accepted by the NHS. It is being field tested between now and 1 June 2019.
"Although contentious, the debate is generating useful conversation and awareness of what videogames offer children. Whether or not games are addictive, we need to consider the important place they hold in children's lives and how parents and guardians need to guide them towards a healthy relationship."
"Having worked with many families over the years, most recently researching my book, I have established some important aspects of a child's gaming habits to keep an eye on. Each of these can usually be resolved by parental action, particularly if undertaken from a younger age. They are generally broken down into five categories.
"However, it's also important to say that in the very rare cases where a child falls into the most extreme end of the following categories, getting advice and professional guidance is essential."
"Impaired control over the duration and termination of gaming sessions is the first of the WHO guidelines. This goes beyond the frustration that many parents express of their child not willing to stop when it's time for dinner. More than needing to finish the current level, it's when children aren't willing to stop at all without some physical intervention that there is cause for concern.
"Parents can help children learn how to stop playing, by enjoying games together. Helping your child notice how they feel if they've played too long, or when they are angry at having to stop, is also useful. Building patterns of healthy play with them from a young age will stay with them into teenage years."
"Games taking precedence over other areas of life is the second of the WHO guidelines for unhealthy gaming. This is more than wanting to talk about gaming all the time, or wanting to play for longer. It's only when a child's game playing stops them eating properly, going to school or looking after personal hygiene that alarm bells should trigger.
"Parents can help children by introducing a wider range of gaming experiences. Rather than just playing the same game over and over, shifting between titles naturally introduces breaks and can involve other members of the family. Similar to diet, we don't worry about plate-time but what's on the plate. With gaming it's important for parents to understand what's occuring on the screens of their children."
"Playing more despite negative consequences is another important aspect of the WHO criteria. In my experience, when parents and children notice unhealthy gaming behaviour, they are keen to find ways of improving the situation. It's only if a child continues to return to unhealthy gaming in spite of negative consequences that they would fall into the proposed diagnosis.
"Parents can help children by playing games together as a family. This not only models how and when to stop playing, but values the hobby as a significant part of family life. Rather than feeling defensive about gaming, the child can articulate what it is they like about it and take steps to keep this experience positive."
"This sign isn't part of the WHO suggestion but is an excellent way of measuring how healthy a child's gaming is. Where parents have stepped away and let the child choose what and how long they play, it's more likely that unhealthy habits can develop. If you can't name the games your child plays, and articulate what they like about them individually, this may be a sign that you are not as engaged in this area as other parts of their life.
"Parents can ensure they remain part of their child's gaming world by playing an active role in choosing which games are purchased using the PEGI ratings and excellent Consumer Information provided by the Video Standards Council. This isn't just saying no, but finding great gaming alternatives to older rated titles when they are younger."
"The final sign of unhealthy gaming is when a child is left to setup a console or gaming computer on their own. Parental controls create an excellent context for positive conversations that lead children to setting their own limits. Where these are not being used, parents are missing an opportunity to take advantage of these powerful features.
"Parents can benefit from these settings, available on each of the main game consoles, through a variety of guides (like the excellent advice on AskAboutGames.com). They are a simple way to limit how long a child can play. But more than this, these settings can enable parents to guide children towards more appropriate content and patterns of play, as well as protect them from inadvertently playing games that are too old for them."
"Parents know their children better than anyone and are perfectly placed to ensure gaming becomes a healthy and enjoyable part of family life. Like other areas, though, this doesn't happen without them playing a crucial role in guiding and educating their children about how to game healthily. With good advice, applied from a young age, video games can offer children all manner of benefits.
"While setting limits and screen-time measures can be a good first step to get some breathing space, it's important we move beyond this to create nurturing and engaged conversations with children about the games they play.
"My family isn't without its arguments over Fortnite, or explosions over Roblox losses, but I'm deeply grateful for the character traits and qualities I've seen games grant my children - curiosity, compassion, resilience, confidence, problem-solving and patience to name a few."
"My hope is that with understanding, more parents can get the support they need to make informed choices and discover that video games aren't the enemy."
You can pre-order Andy's book, Taming Gaming, and find out much more about sharing games playing experiences with your children at Unbound.com.
At internetmatters.org parents can find all the advice they will need to keep their children safe online. Designed specifically for parents, the site offers a wealth of up-to-date, unbiased information and advice about how to deal with online safety. Parents can learn about the latest issues and technologies, get great tips on how to talk about online safety with their children and get the best advice on dealing with issues and taking action. Created with experts, Internet Matters provides detailed information, but also signposts to best-in-class resources from individual expert organisations. Our goal is to ensure parents can always access the information that they need, in a format that is clear and concise.
ED WHITE
Associated Press
DETROIT (AP) — The women's gymnastics coach at Michigan State University suddenly announced her retirement Tuesday, a day after she was suspended for what her boss described as her “passionate defense” of a sports doctor accused of sexually abusing female athletes for years.
Kathie Klages has also been mentioned in lawsuits by two women who claim she brushed off complaints of abuse by Dr. Larry Nassar in the late 1990s.
Klages is “extremely distressed” by the allegations and would never do anything to put athletes in “harm's way,” her attorney, Shirlee Bobryk, said in a statement.
“Out of respect to the university and the gymnastics program in particular, Ms. Klages believes it is in everyone's best interests for her to retire from her current position at MSU,” Bobryk said.
It's one of the biggest developments on campus since Nassar was fired by Michigan State in September and more than two dozen women and girls filed lawsuits against him. In two separate criminal cases, he's charged with sexually abusing a girl at his Lansing-area home and possessing child pornography.
Nassar has pleaded not guilty and denied the assault allegations by female athletes in Michigan and elsewhere. He was also a longtime doctor with Indianapolis-based USA Gymnastics, which trains Olympians.
Klages' suspension after 27 years as gymnastics coach was announced Monday without any elaboration from Michigan State. But the school shed more light Tuesday in a letter written by athletic director Mark Hollis, who acknowledged her retirement.
Hollis explained to Klages that she was suspended because of what he had learned about her Sept. 12 meeting with her gymnasts.
“You shared with the team your highly emotional sense of shock regarding the allegations against Dr. Nassar. That resulted in several student-athletes leaving the meeting feeling that they had received mixed messages,” Hollis wrote.
“Others felt confused about who they could or should speak with about the situation. While I acknowledge you provided student-athletes with information about reporting to the Office of Institutional Equity, your passionate defense of Dr. Nassar created an emotionally charged environment for the team,” Hollis said.
A message seeking comment about Hollis' letter wasn't immediately returned by Klages' attorney.
Earlier, Bobryk said Klages will cooperate fully in any police investigation of Nassar or lawsuits against him.
“Dr. Nassar was trusted by Ms. Klages to competently and ethically treat her team members. Had she ever received any information to cast doubt on the appropriateness of that trust in Dr. Nassar, she would have reacted immediately to protect her gymnasts,” Bobryk said.
___
Follow Ed White at http://www.twitter.com/edwhiteap
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Dead Sea, Jordan Arab leaders said on Wednesday at the end of a one-day summit in Amman that they would be ready to have a historic reconciliation with Israel in return for its withdrawal from land it occupied in the 1967 war.
A communique read by the secretary general of the Arab League said Arab states would back Palestinian-Israeli peace talks to end the decades-old conflict if it guaranteed the creation of a Palestinian state alongside Israel.
(Reporting by Suleiman Al-Khalidi; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
HMD announced a new slate of Nokia phones Tuesday. To go along with the previously announced Nokia 6.1 (review coming soon!), we have the Nokia 5.1, Nokia 3.1, and Nokia 2.1. The highest-end phone here starts at $220, and the price goes down from there.
Every Nokia phone is worth paying attention to, because they are all part of Google's Android One program. This means they run stock Android and get monthly security updates. Nokia promises two years of major OS updates and three years of security updates for everything. It's really hard to find good, cheap smartphones, and with this lineup (depending on distribution), HMD seems to have the market locked up.
Before we dive in, here's a big spec table:
Nokia 5.1 Nokia 3.1 Noka 2.1 STARTING PRICE €189 ($218) €139 ($160) $115 OS Android 8.x Oreo Android 8.0 Oreo Android 8.1 Oreo (Go Edition) DISPLAY 5.5" 2160×1080 LCD (18:9) 5.2" 1440×720 LCD (18:9) 5.5" 1280×720 LCD (16:9) CPU MediaTek Helio P18 ???? MediaTek 6750 Eight Cortex A53 Cores, 1.5GHz/1.0GHz 28nm Snapdragon 425 Four 1.4GHz Cortex A53 Cores 28nm GPU ??? Mail-T860 MP2 Adreno 308 RAM 2GB or 3GB 2GB or 3GB 1GB STORAGE 16GB or 32GB + MicroSD slot 16GB or 32GB + MicroSD slot 8GB + MicroSD slot CAMERAS Rear: 16MP /w flash Front: 8MP /w 84.6 FoV Rear: 13MP /w flash Front: 8MP /w 84.6 FoV Rear: 8MP w/ flash Front: 5MP PORTS Micro USB, headphone jack Micro USB, headphone jack Micro USB, headphone jack BATTERY 2970mAh 2990mAh 4000mAh BODY MATERIAL Aluminum unibody Aluminum sides, plastic back Plastic EXTRAS Fingerprint reader, NFC, stereo speakers NFC (some versions) Stereo speakers
Is it just me, or is it troubling that as the price goes up, the battery gets smaller? That doesn't make any sense.
The Nokia 5.1—surprisingly flagshippy
Anyway, first up, there's the Nokia 5.1. This is an aluminum unibody device with a 5.5-inch, 2160×1080 LCD for €189 ($218). You might have noticed from the resolution that this is an 18:9 display, and, along with the rounded display corners, it looks more like a trendy flagship than even the Nokia 6.1 (which still has a 16:9 display). Unlike the Nokia 6.1, the 5.1 (and every other phone we're covering today) has an old-school MicroUSB port.
The Nokia 5.1 comes with an SoC called a "MediaTek Helio P18," which I've never heard of before. MediaTek's site only lists the Helio P10 and Helio P20, so it's a bit unclear as to what this SoC actually is. HMD's press release says the Helio P18 is "40% faster" than the Snapdragon 430 in last year's Nokia 5. We know it has eight cores and runs at 2.0GHz, but there isn't much more information than that. If we assume the P18 slots in between the Helio P10 and P20, it should be Cortex A53-based, just like those SoCs. The P20 is built on a 16nm manufacturing process, and the P10 is built on 28nm, so place your bets for what the P18 ends up being. We've asked HMD for more information and will update this if it gets back to us.
The 5.1 is the only phone announced today with a rear fingerprint reader. Everything else is relegated to using a manual unlock screen. There's also NFC, a MicroSD slot, a headphone jack, and front-facing stereo speakers.
The Nokia 5.1 will be available July 2018 "at a global average retail price of Euro 189" ($218). There are two RAM/storage configurations—2GB/16GB and 3GB/32GB—and three colors: copper, blue, and black. HMD isn't talking distribution yet, but we can take some educated guesses based on the spec sheet. The Nokia 5 has three variants, labeled "APAC, EMEA & HK," "LATAM, AU & Taiwan," and "India" so it's a safe bet it's at least coming to some countries in these regions.
The Nokia 3.1—HMD's most popular model
For something cheaper, there's the Nokia 3.1, which, in addition to the spec downgrades, cuts the fingerprint reader, stereo speaker setup, and aluminum unibody for a price drop to €139 ($160). The sides here are still aluminum, but you're stuck with a plastic back. There are still the 2GB/16GB and 3GB/32GB RAM and storage configs, but now the SoC is a MediaTek 6750. This still sounds like a nice upgrade over last year's Nokia 3—HMD's press release says it's 50-percent faster.
The display is smaller and lower-resolution: 5.2-inches with a 1440×720 resolution, which makes for an extra-tall 18:9 aspect ratio. You still get a MicroSD slot and headphone jack, but only the "APAC & EMEA" version gets NFC. HMD notes that the Nokia 3 was the "most successful model" the company released last year.
The Nokia 3.1 has versions named "APAC & EMEA," "LAM & NAM," and "India," so these regions should be on the lookout for a launch. There are three colors—blue/copper, black/chrome, and white/iron, and the first launch is June 2018.
The Nokia 2.1—This Android Go phone is US-bound
The Nokia 2.1 is the most interesting phone announced today, since it comes with Android Go and should be headed to the US. Android Go is a special configuration of Android that attempts to make a slimmed-down version of Google's mobile OS, specifically geared for devices with 1GB or less of RAM. Besides a slimmed-down OS, you also get special "lite" versions of the Google apps installed by default.
We recently did a full review of Android Go and found Google's first attempt at this to be a bit scattershot, but the good news is that if you hate on the Google lite apps, you can always install the full version from the Play Store. Thankfully, the Nokia 2.1 has a faster SoC and should have a better screen than the ZTE Tempo Go that we tested Android Go on. The poor performance of the Tempo Go really hurt the Android Go experience.
Further Reading Android Go review—Google's scattershot attempt at a low-end Android OS Sure enough, this Android Go device has 1GB of RAM, with computing power provided by a Snapdragon 425 SoC. The display is back to a 16:9 aspect ratio, with a 1280×720 resolution taking up 5.5 inches. You also get a huge 4,000mAh battery that should make Nokia 5.1 and 3.1 customers jealous.
There's still a MicroSD slot and headphone jack, but unfortunately there's no NFC. You actually get stereo speakers back, which aren't present on the Nokia 3.1.
The Nokia 2.1, with a Qualcomm processor and a price listed in US dollars on HMD's spec sheet, is actually coming to the US. The versions for this one are named "APAC & EMEA," "LAM & US," and "India." As an ultra-cheap Android Go phone, the Nokia 2.1 fills a nice gap in HMD's US lineup. The company's other Android Go phone, the Nokia 1, never made it to the US. Look out for this one July 2018.
[India], Feb 3 (ANI): The last day for withdrawal of nomination in the upcoming Tripura Assembly elections is on Saturday.
As per the reports, five candidates withdrew their nominations on Friday. They include Trinamool Congress (TMC) candidate from Rajnagar and four independent candidates for Bagma, Sabroom, Korbook and Pabiacherra constituencies.
The voting for the 60-member assembly will be held on February 18 and the counting will be done on March 3.
Meanwhile, campaigning by various parties has begun in the state. Senior leaders from various parties have started visiting the state.
On a related note, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh is on a two-day visit to Tripura from Saturday. During his visit; he will hold road shows and public meetings at various places. (ANI)
WAILUKU, Hawaii (AP) - Maui's first state-licensed medical marijuana dispensary to open for business will be closed Monday and Tuesday and will change its operating hours.
The Maui News reports Maui Grown Therapies announced the closure Saturday and company officials say it will change its hours while it awaits action from the Department of Health's State Labs Division.
Maui Grown Therapies officials say action by the division is needed to help "unclog a backlog of products so Maui patients can have access to quality-assured medicinal cannabis products."
The company had expected its most recent batch of flowers to clear lab certification by Saturday, but that didn't happen.
Company officials say it sold out its first batch of certified flowers Saturday due to "high demand."
It will reopen at noon Wednesday.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The Starychi combat training center in Ukraine is looking to start rotations of battalion tactical groups in 2018, Canadian training mission to Ukraine commander Lt. Col. Mark Lubiniecki told Sputnik.
"In 2018, they are looking at shifting towards battalion tactical groups," Lubiniecki said on Wednesday.
Lubiniecki became the commander of the Canadian Armed Forces (CAF) Joint Task Force-Ukraine in March. He noted that the center's current focus is on battalions, which allows about 600 soldiers to come through during a 55-day rotation. In 2018, their number can increase to 1,000.
At present, the center has no intent to start training entire brigades, Lubiniecki said. Nevertheless, it does provide training to their leadership.
"What they do touch on is staff training for the brigades, headquarters of the brigades' staff," the commander noted.
The Ukrainian military is also planning to take over Starychi training center operations.
© REUTERS/ Gleb Garanich Lavrov Talks on Rise of Neo-Nazism in Ukraine With Canadian FM
"They do have a plan in place to grow their [trainers] numbers over the next 18 months to a point where they will be able to take the lead on all training delivery to the Ukrainian Armed Forces," Lubiniecki said.
Currently, more than a hundred Ukrainian soldiers work at the center as its full time staff. An increased number of local trainers will allow allies to step back and play more of a mentorship role, the commander noted.
"I am not sure if there will be a decrease to the number of allies operating at Starychi and possibly allies moving to another location," Lubiniecki added.
In 2015, Canada first sent 200 troops to Ukraine under Operation UNIFIER to provide training and capacity-building assistance to the country's military forces and to back their efforts to maintain sovereignty.
In March, Ottawa extended its military training mission in Ukraine through the end of March 2019.
The Canadian military has trained more than 4450 Ukrainian soldiers to date overall, according to the Canadian Department of National Defense.
Scroll for more content...
Democrats should not be fooled by the turbulence that came at the end of the week for this administration. With stock markets falling 666 points and outrage on the airwaves about the leaked memo, some Democrats might feel that this means President Donald Trump and the Republican Party are imploding. This is the moment Democrats have been waiting for.
But the President's opponents should not get too giddy. Even with the chaos and stock market turbulence, there are some strong signs that President Trump is in the process of mounting a political comeback.
Trump's approval rating has reached 42% -- up 10 points since December -- according to the latest Monmouth University Poll. Saturday morning, the President, citing the right-leaning Rasmussen poll, tweeted that his "approval rating jumped to 49%...So why does the media refuse to write this? Oh well, someday!"
Whether it's 42% or 49%, the fact remains that his approval rating is increasing. And Democrats are seeing some slippage in the generic ballot (it asks voters, without using specific names, whether they will vote for a Democrat or a Republican in the midterms) for November, which suggests that a "wave" election is not as inevitable as it looked just a few weeks ago.
Americans are feeling good
According to the latest Gallup Mood of the Nation poll, Americans are feeling pretty good right now -- compared with early 2017. Seventy-eight percent of those polled were pleased with the nation's military strength (up 12 points from last year); confidence in how secure the United States is from terrorist threats increased from 50% to 63%. Perhaps most important, consumer confidence is at a 17-year high.
In January, American employers added 200,000 jobs and wages spiked. Yes, the stock market fell, but it remains at historically high levels. And this month, workers' paychecks will grow a bit bigger as the new IRS tax withholding tables register the impact of the tax cut that passed in December.
To be sure, the massive wave of retirements from Republicans in Congress, the overall poll numbers and tumult that President Trump will inevitably continue to create, still point to a good midterm election for Democrats. The sharp drop in the stock market Friday is a reminder that the key economic indicators can swing very quickly and those changes are hard to control. But the situation is changing and Democrats should not take some of the gains seen by this administration lightly and underestimate Trump once again.
Given how wrong the prognosticators were about who would win the 2016 presidential election, these signs of resurgence should be taken seriously.
How did this comeback begin?
The political dynamics in Washington started to change around Christmas, when President Trump shed any pretense of being a true economic populist and handed corporate America the big, fat whopping tax break that it had been waiting for since the start of his presidency. The tax cut was icing on the cake after a year when the administration quietly moved forward with deregulations for the corporate and financial sectors that were issued through executive action.
The tax cut was a huge victory for the GOP. Although the measure was extremely unpopular at the time of its passage, the bet seems to be paying off. Polls now show that approval for the measure has been steadily rising.
As long as the economic trends continue, President Trump and the GOP will be in good position to claim that it's Morning in America Again, to borrow President Reagan's phrase in 1984. Regardless of who deserves the credit for the economic boom, and regardless of the very real problems still facing millions of middle- and working-class families, the numbers are strong enough to be used by Republicans on the campaign trail as a sign of success.
Trump's version of Nixon's Saturday Night Massacre
In the Trump edition, nobody actually had to be fired. With all of the experts wondering whether President Trump would get rid of Robert Mueller or a high-level FBI official, the President, with the support of congressional Republicans, undertook a different strategy that is accomplishing the same goal. They moved to discredit the entire investigation through rumors, partisan memos, scandalous innuendo and character assassination.
The President's Twitter feed has been an ongoing public relations machine to convince the country that the investigators are up to no good. The hoopla over whether or not President Trump would allow the infamous Republican memo to be seen was always beside the point. Once the news provided 24-hour coverage of the fact that some allegedly shocking memo was lurking in the committee room, the President had accomplished his goal.
It didn't really matter what was in the memo or that it was a partisan missive, just that something potentially scandalous existed. He had provided more fuel to the conspiratorial attacks the GOP has undertaken against the Russia investigation.
Although the public still supports Mueller's investigation and is dubious about the President's claims, the narrative of a "Deep State" and special investigator who attempted to throw an election and undertake a coup have taken strong hold in the national conversation. The release of the memo Friday will add fuel to the fire with its implication that the investigation was based on flawed information. In a memo that does not provide supporting intelligence and provides an incomplete portrait of how the investigation started, and why it continued, Republicans will claim to see evidence that the entire scandal was manufactured.
Trump boxed Democrats into difficult political position
The President has also made a pretty effective move on immigration. Before he became president, the young children of illegal immigrants who entered this country were protected by the "Dreamer" program that President Barack Obama implemented through executive action.
In an effort to strengthen support for his hard-line restrictionist immigration plan, which remains the centerpiece of Trump's New Deal, he created an artificial crisis by rescinding the entire program. He baited the Democrats into making the legislative restoration of DACA some kind of deal, rather than this being the President's responsibility.
Democrats, who believe in government and governance, quickly buckled to a temporary budget that did not restore DACA. Now the President has raised the stakes by promoting a deal by which he would accept legislation restoring DACA, in a more expansive structure than before, in exchange for draconian measures on the rest of immigration -- from cutting off much the inflow of legal immigrants allowed by Lyndon Johnson's 1965 legislation to building his infamous wall.
Democrats are in a position of being the deciding force as to whether DACA survives, despite the fact they don't control any branch of government. He is pitting the Dreamers against the millions of other immigrants who won't be able to come here or won't be able to stay. He would take off the table the possibility of a path to citizenship for all the illegal immigrants who have been hoping for the kind of bolder agreement that Presidents Bush and Obama pushed unsuccessfully. Proponents of a liberalized immigration plan will have no more leverage.
The Democrats have allowed the President to frame the negotiations on his terms. If they can't change the way this issue is being discussed, they will face a lose-lose situation. Either they will be held to blame for being responsible for ending DACA, which will deflate the party's base, or they will hand President Trump a massive legislative victory that could virtually cement his standing for 2020. The President would go into the midterm elections claiming that he achieved the "grand bargain," which eluded his predecessors, with legislation that liberalized certain parts of immigration while giving the hard-line right everything else that it wanted. He campaigned on building a wall and he will be able to say that he delivered. Minority leader Chuck Schumer has not been successful at keeping the focus on the GOP's responsibility to decide whether to keep DACA or deport hundreds of thousands of young people -- and might pay a steep price.
Trump still has the GOP's support
Finally, President Trump has been able to maintain partisan discipline. Despite all the complaints and big speeches from Republicans like Sens. Bob Corker and Jeff Flake, Republicans have generally remained supportive of the President—voting for his bills and avoiding any kind of proactive steps to tame his reckless behavior. The Washington Post reports that the Republican National committee is raising much more than the DNC.
Of course, President Trump remains incredibly vulnerable politically and his comeback is fragile. So, too, is the future of the Republican Party, which has now firmly thrown its reputation behind Trump and faces an extraordinarily challenging midterm election in November.
But President Trump has temporarily stopped the bleeding. Beneath the headlines about the Russia investigation is evidence that the administration is bouncing back and might be in stronger position going into the next set of elections than most of his opponents expected.
After violence broke out in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend, both of Alaska's U.S. senators condemned the violent “Unite the Right” demonstrations.
Sen. Dan Sullivan issued a strongly worded statement that singled out the alt-right and their allies.
Hundreds of Facebook users added their own comments to his post. Some thanked Sullivan for specifically calling out far-right groups. But quite a few defended the white supremacists, or complained Sullivan should have allotted equal blame to counterprotesters on the left.
Of over 100 comments that appeared on Sullivan's post, just over half criticized the senator for condemning only the neo-Nazi side. Nearly all of the comments appear to have come from Alaskans.
Sen. Lisa Murkowski also weighed in on Facebook on Sunday.
Murkowski did not specifically name-check the alt-right or neo-Nazis. Comments on her post were more mixed.
Following last year's debut of the prototype, the production Mercedes-AMG Project One will hit the road sometime in 2019. With a whopping 1,000 horsepower+ (745 kilowatts) on tap courtesy of a 1.6-liter turbocharged V6 and four electric motors, it will have the ability to sprint to 60 miles per hour (96 kilometers per hour) in just about 2.5 seconds, and continue on to a top speed of 218 mph (350 kmh). But before you know it, it too will be replaced.
Mercedes CEO and Daimler Chairman, Dieter Zetsche, has already confirmed that if the Project One does indeed get a successor, it will be a pure EV – bad news is it won't be on the market until at least 2025. While we anxiously wait for that electrifying new hypercar to come to fruition, one design studio has gone to work on imagining the vehicle for itself.
The design firm Invisive has come up with a successor to the AMG Project One that looks equally impressive as the hypercar itself. It shares a number of cues with the current vehicle – particularly the long, low-slung body, and the sleek fascia – but is well futuristic, even more so than the Project One.
Dubbed the C01 Vision, the vehicle is a "purely electric supercar concept ready for track and tarmac use," says its designer. The concept uses Formula One-inspired tech, including a lightweight bodyshell mounted atop an equally lightweight subframe, giving the vehicle optimal downforce and airflow, while still managing to return a pretty appealing design.
The side profile is stunning; with a mid-mounted motor, forward-cab styling, and unique wheels, the concept looks like something out of a science-fiction movie. The front fascia – at least what we can see of it – shares a number of cues with the current car, particularly the rounded nose and sleek LED headlights. All told the car is beautifully styled – here's hoping Mercedes designers take a few notes when creating their own electric supercar.
Source: Invisive / Facebook
SAN FRANCISCO, California - Jan. 2, 2017 - The International Neuromodulation Society (INS) journal Neuromodulation: Technology at the Neural Interface is publishing expert, evidence-based guidance on the safe and efficient use of neuromodulation implants in patient-centered therapy.
The guidance, in six publications by more than 60 international experts, collectively reviews more than 600 publications that appeared in the scientific literature by 2014.
The articles provide recommendations about specific issues to improve suffering in patients who live with a variety of chronic conditions.
The INS executive officers convened the international experts who systematically rank evidence and present decision trees and flow charts concerning patient care.
"Interest in targeted delivery of chemical agents has grown in part because intrathecal drug delivery requires perhaps just 1% of an oral dose, and is not prone to painkiller diversion or misuse," commented INS President Timothy Deer, M.D. "Meanwhile neurostimulation treats disease symptoms without relying on medication, by applying targeted electrical stimulation."
The Neuromodulation Appropriateness Consensus Committee first issued neurostimulation therapy guidance in four articles in 2014 that have been cited more than 100 times.
Since then, newer spinal cord stimulation systems have entered the clinic that vary the electrical stimulus pattern or frequency, or target a different part of the spinal cord involved in pain perception.
Intrathecal drug delivery guidance has been published by members of the Polyanalgesic Consensus Conference (PACC) since 2000. These articles address intrathecal drug therapy for chronic pain from cancer or non-cancer conditions. The three articles being published now present recommendations about safety, localized and general pain, and when to employ trial treatment. The articles are the fifth iteration of PACC guidance, and update three PACC articles published in 2014 that have been collectively cited more than 250 times.
###
About the International Neuromodulation Society
The nonprofit International Neuromodulation Society presents up-to-date information about the full breadth of neuromodulation therapies through an interactive website, its journal Neuromodulation: Technology at the Neural Interface, annual regional meetings, and its biennial world congress. The INS 13th World Congress, "Neuromodulation: Technology Changing Lives" takes place May 27 - June 1, 2017 in Edinburgh, Scotland.
The INS journal Neuromodulation: Technology at the Neural Interface publishes peer-review articles on the technology, science, and clinical application of devices that interface with the nervous system to treat disease and improve function.
Related Citations:
Deer, TR, et al. (2017), The Neurostimulation Appropriateness Consensus Committee (NACC) Safety Guidelines for the Reduction of Severe Neurological Injury. Neuromodulation: Technology at the Neural Interface. doi: 10.1111/ner.12564
Deer, TR, et al. (2017), The Neurostimulation Appropriateness Consensus Committee (NACC) Recommendations for Infection Prevention and Management. Neuromodulation: Technology at the Neural Interface. doi: 10.1111/ner.12565
Deer, TR, et al. (2017), The Neurostimulation Appropriateness Consensus Committee (NACC): Recommendations on Bleeding and Coagulation Management in Neurostimulation Devices. Neuromodulation: Technology at the Neural Interface. doi: 10.1111/ner.12542
Deer, TR, et al. (2017), The Polyanalgesic Consensus Conference (PACC): Recommendations on Intrathecal Drug Infusion Systems Best Practices and Guidelines. Neuromodulation: Technology at the Neural Interface. doi: 10.1111/ner.12538
Deer, TR, et al. (2017), The Polyanalgesic Consensus Conference (PACC): Recommendations for Trialing of Intrathecal Drug Delivery Infusion Therapy. doi: 10.1111/ner.12543
Deer, TR, et al. (2017), The Polyanalgesic Consensus Conference (PACC): Recommendations for Intrathecal Drug Delivery: Guidance for Improving Safety and Mitigating Risks. doi: 10.1111/ner.12579
The print versions of the NACC articles will appear in Neuromodulation, Volume 20, Number 1, in January, while the PACC articles will appear in February in Volume 20, Number 2.
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Owen Farrell faces a race against time to be fit for the British and Irish Lions' first Test against New Zealand after suffering a quadriceps strain.
The England outhalf will miss Saturday's Maori All Blacks clash with a “grade one” quad injury — and the Lions will hope he can recover in time to face New Zealand in Auckland on June 24th.
Wales fly-half Dan Biggar will replace Farrell on the Lions' bench for Saturday's Maori clash in Rotorua.
“Owen Farrell has suffered a grade one quadriceps strain in training and has been ruled out of the British and Irish Lions match against the Maori All Blacks on Saturday evening,” read a Lions statement.
“The England and Saracens playmaker will be replaced on the bench by Wales fly-half Dan Biggar.”
Farrell had shown imperious form in the Lions' fine 12-3 win over much-vaunted Super Rugby leaders the Crusaders in Christchurch last weekend.
Head coach Warren Gatland will want the 25-year-old to play a pivotal role in the first Test against the All Blacks on Saturday week.
So the 52-cap England star will now launch an immediate bid to ease past this setback to contest selection for the Eden Park showdown.
Gatland hailed Johnny Sexton for rediscovering his “mojo” in naming the Ireland fly-half to start against the Maori.
Should Farrell fail to recover in time for the first Test, then Sexton would be almost certain to wear the Lions' number 10 jersey.
JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa's Jacob Zuma faces a no-confidence vote this month, a new attempt to unseat the president by opponents emboldened by splits within his own party.
Zuma, who is battling corruption allegations, is in a weakened position since he was replaced as leader of the ruling African National Congress (ANC) party in December by Cyril Ramaphosa, the deputy president.
The 75-year-old president is expected to meet the ANC's six most powerful officials this weekend, but the agenda of the meeting has not been disclosed. Ramaphosa, 65, has been lobbying the ANC's national executive to force Zuma to resign.
The ANC has said it has discussed Zuma resigning before the end of his term in mid-2019, although his staunch supporters within the party say that will not happen.
Zuma, who has not said whether he will step down voluntarily before his second term as president ends, has been deserted by several prominent allies in the ANC since Ramaphosa took over leadership of what is the only party to govern South Africa since the end of apartheid.
On Friday, parliament speaker Baleka Mbete agreed to a request from the opposition Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) for a motion of no-confidence, though she refused to hold the vote before the president's state of the nation address on Feb. 8, and scheduled it for Feb. 22.
The rand, which tends to strengthen on signs Zuma could leave office, pared losses on the announcement from parliament.
Investors associate Zuma's tenure with a period of economic decline, with growth slowing to an average of 1.5 percent a year and unemployment up to 28 percent from around 23 percent when he took office in 2009.
Zuma narrowly survived a no-confidence vote in August, when some ANC lawmakers voted with the opposition.
“STATE CAPTURE” INQUIRY
He has survived several no-confidence votes during his rule thanks to loyal voting by ANC lawmakers, who form a strong parliamentary majority. Although Zuma retains the support of a faction within the ANC, he no longer holds a top post.
In its letter requesting the vote, the EFF said Zuma was not a suitable head of state as he is likely to be embroiled in a judicial inquiry into state corruption. Zuma has denied any wrongdoing.
“The majority of parliament is going to say that Jacob Zuma will not be the president of South Africa because the biggest sentiment, even in the ANC, is saying that Jacob Zuma cannot continue as president,” EFF Deputy President Floyd Shivambu told eNCA television.
Zuma agreed to establish the inquiry into “state capture”, a South African term for government corruption, last month.
Another opposition party, the Democratic Alliance (DA), had lobbied speaker Mbete to postpone the state of the nation address until Zuma had been removed from office.
On Thursday, Mbete said she was aware of “processes going on, every day and every night” over Zuma's future but he was due to read the state of the nation speech next Thursday as he was still head of state.
Lukhona Mnguni, political analyst at the University of KwaZulu-Natal, said Zuma could take his chances and wait for the no-confidence motion rather than decide to resign.
“Zuma might want to take his chances with the motion and see how many ANC members will come to vote with the opposition and those that would still vote to support him,” Mnguni said.
This show is sold out. We are not taking names in advance, but will begin a waitlist at 6 p.m. at JDHS on the day of the event.
TICKETS
KTOO is honored to host NPR humorist and award winning author, David Sedaris this May 14th at Juneau Douglas High School. He'll read new, original pieces for an hour, and will sign books before and after the performance. We're told the book signings are just as much a part of the event as the readings, and he sticks around until the last person wanting to connect has a chance. Hearthside Books will be on hand selling his latest.
MATURE CONTENT: Adult Language and Themes.
BABIES – Discouraged. Ticket required for all ages.
CHILDREN – Recommended for ages 13 and older.
With sardonic wit and incisive social critiques, David Sedaris has become one of America's pre-eminent humor writers. The great skill with which he slices through cultural euphemisms and political correctness proves that Sedaris is a master of satire and one of the most observant writers addressing the human condition today.
Sedaris is the author of “Barrel Fever” and “Holidays on Ice,” as well as collections of personal essays, “Naked,” “Me Talk Pretty One Day,” “Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim,” “When You Are Engulfed in Flames,” and his most recent book, “Let's Explore Diabetes with Owls,” each of which have become immediate best sellers. The audio version of “Let's Explore Diabetes with Owls,” is a 56th Annual GRAMMY Awards Nominee for Best Spoken Word Album. Sedaris is the author of the New York Times best-selling collection of fables, titled “Squirrel Seeks Chipmunk: A Modest Bestiary (with illustrations by Ian Falconer.) He was also the editor of “Children Playing before a Statue of Hercules: An Anthology of Outstanding Stories.” Sedaris' pieces appear regularly in The New Yorker and have twice been included in “the Best American Essays.” There are a total of ten million copies of his books in print and they have been translated into 29 languages.
An Evening with David Sedaris is made possible with support from:
TICKETS
Chelsea's N'Golo Kante was named player of the year by the Professional Footballers' Association (PFA) on Sunday, adding another chapter to the remarkable story of a player who was plying his trade in the French sixth tier a few seasons ago.
The 26-year-old France midfielder, who joined Chelsea from English champions Leicester City before the season started, is the fourth Frenchman to lift the award after Eric Cantona, David Ginola and twice winner Thierry Henry.
Kante fended off competition from Chelsea teammate Eden Hazard, Tottenham Hotspur forward Harry Kane, Manchester United's leading scorer Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Everton striker Romelu Lukaku and Arsenal talisman Alexis Sanchez.
The defensive midfielder, who was named on the short-list for the second year in a row after helping Leicester to win the Premier League last season, has been instrumental to Chelsea's hopes of winning the title in this campaign.
Kante has scored one league goal and provided one assist this season, but it is his ability to break up play and shield Chelsea's defence that has been key for the team, with the midfielder making 110 tackles and 72 interceptions.
Kante joined Leicester from French top-tier side Caen in August 2015 for a reported nine million euros ($9.65 million) and his value more than tripled in his first season in England, when Chelsea paid 35.8 million euros to bring him to Stamford Bridge.
Chelsea is four points clear of second-placed Tottenham Hotspur at the top of the league with six games to play and face Arsenal in the FA Cup final after beating London rivals Spurs in the semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
Tottenham midfielder Dele Alli, 21, was named PFA Young Player of the Year for the second time in a row, with Spurs still hoping to win their first league title since 1961.
(Reporting by Simon Jennings in Bengaluru; editing by Ken Ferris)
Britain Soccer Football - Everton v Burnley - Premier League - Goodison Park - 15/4/17 Burnley's Sam Vokes scores their first goal from the penalty spot Action Images via Reuters / Jason Cairnduff Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Everton v Burnley - Premier League - Goodison Park - 15/4/17 Everton's Ross Barkley shakes hands with manager Ronald Koeman as he walks off to be substituted Action Images via Reuters / Jason Cairnduff Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Everton v Burnley - Premier League - Goodison Park - 15/4/17 Everton's Ross Barkley celebrates after Burnley's Ben Mee scores an own goal and the second for Everton Reuters / Andrew Yates Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Everton v Burnley - Premier League - Goodison Park - 15/4/17 Everton's Ross Barkley walks off to be substituted Action Images via Reuters / Jason Cairnduff Livepic
LIVERPOOL, England Everton midfielder Ross Barkley ended a troubled week off the field by inspiring his team to an eighth straight home win with a 3-1 victory over Burnley in the Premier League on Saturday.
Barkley's shot, deflected off Burnley defender Ben Mee, put Everton 2-1 up in the 71st minute and the league's top scorer Romelu Lukaku made sure of the win three minutes later with his 24th strike of the season.
England international Barkley had been the victim of an assault in a bar on Sunday and was then at the centre of a controversial column in The Sun newspaper. He was given a standing ovation when he was substituted in the final moments.
Barkley, who also cleared off the line twice, was booked for over-celebrating with fans when he put the team ahead.
"Of course, I can understand. Because I think what happened last week had a really big impact on him. I think he was focussed on the football side this week and also this afternoon," Everton manager Ronald Koeman told reporters, adding that he did not consider leaving Barkley out of the team.
"I think it is the best way to play football and forget what happened last week," the Dutchman said.
A 52nd-minute Sam Vokes penalty had brought Burnley level after Phil Jagielka had scrambled Everton ahead three minutes earlier.
Barkley offered reminders of his quality throughout as Koeman's team ensured Burnley remains without an away win this season.
Burnley started confidently, however, and went close to an opener in the 19th minute when Barkley was forced to clear a powerful Michael Keane header off the line.
AWFUL PASS
The visitors should have taken the lead in the 34th minute when an awful back-pass from Jagielka played in Burnley striker Sam Vokes but, clear on goal, the Welsh international shot tamely straight at Joel Robles.
Everton ended the half strongly, however, Mason Holgate bringing a fine save out of Burnley keeper Tom Heaton with a low drive towards the bottom corner.
Koeman brought on an extra striker at the interval with Enner Valencia replacing Idrissa Gana and the Ecuadorean forward immediately tested Heaton with a fierce drive.
The home side went ahead when Ashley Williams flicked a corner from Kevin Mirallas goalwards and Jagielka scrambled the ball over the line.
The Everton lead lasted barely three minutes, though, Robles inexplicably sliding through the back of Vokes as he moved harmlessly away from goal and the Burnley forward converted the spot-kick.
Mirallas wasted a good opportunity when found by Barkley inside the area but he shot meekly at Heaton but the Beglian did better when his well-struck effort flew against the post.
The pressure paid off when Barkley wriggled space for himself and his shot deflected off two Burnley defenders and crept into the bottom corner.
There was nothing lucky about Everton's third, Lukaku spinning superbly to turn past Keane and blast a shot past Heaton at the near post.
Lukaku has now scored in nine successive home games – the last player to achieve that feat was Dixie Dean in 1934.
Everton moved up to fifth in the table, above Arsenal and Manchester United who both have three games in hand on the Merseyside club.
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DESOTO - DeSoto honored one of it's own Saturday as the city celebrated Von Miller Day.
"This year, I'm giving it back to the city. This is really DeSoto Day. I've always wanted to do something for the city, give back to the city, so it's what we're doing now," Miller said.
"Von Miller is the greatest linebacker in the NFL. He just gives back to so many charities," one fan said of the Super Bowl 50 MVP.
"I had him in 5th and 6th grade and he told me way back then he was going to be an NFL player; and he went for it and there he is now," another fan said.
And it's not just his sports talent that makes DeSoto love him.
"It's very overwhelming for us to see the success that Von's had; not just going to the Super Bowl, not just playing in the NFL, but being the MVP. I think that says a lot about his character," yet another fan said.
"You, too, can do this same type of thing for your community. Never in a million years did I think it would be this big. Never in a million years did I think I would be able to do something like this," Miller said of the event.
Conspiracy theories about government officials and the institutions they represent are widespread and rooted deep in U.S. history according to the co-author of two new social psychology studies which predict the likelihood that one will believe conspiracy beliefs or theories.
Joseph A. Vitriol, a postdoctoral research associate at Lehigh, and a co-author on both of the studies, says: "The current political moment is one of volatility and major social change, including increased cultural and ethnic diversity and widespread collective action among members of previously marginalized groups, who are effectively challenging the status quo and seeking change in public policy and political discourse."
He adds, "For many members of the public, particularly individuals who have benefited from existing social and political arrangements, these developments and changes are quite threatening and can motivate compensatory endorsement of conspiracy beliefs or theories."
Vitriol and Jessecae K. Marsh, an associate professor of psychology at Lehigh University, have found new research that inflated confidence in one's understanding of politics and public policy is associated with the tendency to believe in political conspiracies.
That is, people who overestimate how well they understand politics are more likely to believe that hidden actors or clandestine groups are conspiring in wide-ranging activities to influence important world actions, events, and outcomes.
For the research Vitriol and Marsh asked participants to rate how well they thought they understood a series of public policies. They then asked those participants to provide as detailed an explanation as they could for how the policies actually worked.
After generating these explanations, participants re-rated their confidence in their understanding of the policies.
Marsh explains that the act of trying to explain a phenomenon reveals to participants how little they actually understand about the policies, resulting in a reduction in self-reported understanding ratings. "Participants who had high levels of confidence in their understanding of public policies after generating an explanation were more likely to endorse political conspiracies, especially if they also lacked accurate knowledge of political phenomena," she adds.
Vitriol says of the findings, detailed in "The Illusion of Explanatory Depth and Endorsement of Conspiracy Beliefs:" "Our findings might suggest that showing people the limitations of their understanding can lead to more informed, evidence-based opinions and beliefs. The good thing is people can do this on their own-- by proactively seeking out and exposing oneself to information and perspectives that challenges their beliefs, one stands to gain a more objective and credible understanding of the world.
The findings were published on May 12 in the European Journal of Social Psychology.
In a separate study--published in April--Vitriol found that system identity threat, or one's perception that society's fundamental, defining values are under siege due to social change can also predict conspiracy thinking.
Findings of the study--which surveys 3,500 adult, U.S. citizens--also published in the European Journal of Social Psychology, show that people who agreed with statements such as: "In this country, there is a 'real America' distinct from those who don't share the same values" and "America's greatest values are increasingly decaying from within" were more likely to agree with statements such as: "The media is the puppet of those in power" and "Nothing in politics or world affairs happens by accident or coincidence."
The study, "The Role of System Identity Threat in Conspiracy Theory Endorsement", was authored by Vitriol and University of Minnesota, Twin Cities professors Christopher M. Federico and Allison L. Williams and appeared last month in the European Journal of Social Psychology.
Vitriol says: "We found that when one feels that society's fundamental, defining values are under siege, it is a strong predictor of a general tendency toward conspiracy thinking and endorsement of both ideological and non?ideological conspiracy theories."
The findings of both studies offer valuable takeaways.
Vitriol encourages people to practice humility and to rely upon credible, evidence-based perspectives and diverse sources across the ideological spectrum to inform their understanding of current events and public affairs.
He says, "Challenge yourself with information inconsistent with your assumptions and beliefs, learn about the experiences and perspectives that differ from your own, and remember that extraordinary and overly simplistic explanations for complex events may very well be inaccurate, even if it resonates with your intuitions."
###
Read here for additional information.
Share. 55" Samsung 4K True HDR HDTV is only 2 inches thin, new Humble Monthly Bundle with Quake and The Elder Scrolls, Middle Earth: Shadow of War from $35, Switch in Stock, 50% off Gamestop Used Games, and more 55" Samsung 4K True HDR HDTV is only 2 inches thin, new Humble Monthly Bundle with Quake and The Elder Scrolls, Middle Earth: Shadow of War from $35, Switch in Stock, 50% off Gamestop Used Games, and more
Welcome to IGN's Daily Deals, your source for the best deals on the stuff you actually want to buy. If you buy something through this post, IGN may get a share of the sale. For more, read our Terms of Use.
Want IGN Deals in your social feeds? Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter. Want deals in your inbox? Sign up for the IGN Deals Newsletter.
Looking for the SNES or Xbox One X? Follow me on Twitter
If you're looking for hot items such as the SNES Classic or Xbox One X, follow me at IGN Deals. I update that page immediately when they come in stock.
Today's New Deals
This is a great deal for a VR-ready GeForce GTX 1070-equipped PC. Specs include an Intel Core i5-6400 quad-core processor, 8GB RAM, 1TB HDD, and a GeForce GTX 1070 graphics card. The 1070 is powerful enough to run any game on the market at up to 4K resolution. It can also handle VR (Oculus Rift or HTC Vive) content without any hiccups.
-----------------------------
Here's another deal for a VR-ready AMD Radeon RX 580-equipped PC. Specs include the latest gen Intel Core i5-7400 quad-core processor, 8GB RAM, dual hard drives (1TB HDD and 256GB SSD), and an AMD Radeon RX 580 graphics card. The RX 580 is comparable to the GTX 1060, which is still more than capable enough of handling all games at resolutions under 4K.
Use code "50OFF699" to get it from Dell for $849.99
to get it from Dell for $849.99 You can upgrade to a GeForce GTX 1070 for +$250
-----------------------------
The 2017 UN55MU8000 has plenty of good things going for it. It's priced $300 less than Amazon or Best Buy. It's a lush 4K panel with up to 240Hz refresh rate and true HDR compatibility, meaning it has all the requisites of HDR (wide color gamut, local dimming, and sufficient peak brightness). It is also one of the thinnest panels out there at 1.75" cabinet depth. It's so thin that Samsung includes an HDMI box that is mounted elsewhere (i.e. in your TV stand) for plugging in your peripherals. Last but not least, this deal includes a full 1-year Samsung warranty.
-----------------------------
This month's bundle includes:
The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited
Quake Champions
The Elder Scrolls Legends: Heroes of Skyrim Expansion
More games that will be unlocked 11/6
10% off any other Humble purchase through October
all for only $12. Heroes of Skryim is an expansion set to the free-to-play Elder Scrolls: Legends digital card game that you can download here.
-----------------------------
Our review is out, and Dan Stapleton just awarded it an IGN Editors' Choice.
-----------------------------
This is an Amazon Deal of the Day and will expire end of today. Here are some electronic massagers that are heavily discounted and highly rated.
-----------------------------
Less than $1 per pack of gamer food. Personally I like to add more stuff to make this soup taste really great - usually an egg, some kimchee, a little bit of pork, and some green onion.
-----------------------------
Gunnar gaming glasses are designed to reduce eyestrain during gaming and overall computer use by blocking high-energy blue light, UV, and glare from your display. There are polarized opinions, even within the IGN office, as to whether or not these glasses are really that useful. I will say there are some people here that have bought them, tried them, and swear by them. The people who cry snake oil, well, they've never even worn them.
-----------------------------
This price is reserved for Amazon Prime members only.
-----------------------------
Price will not stop dropping. Deluxe Edition includes new skins, armor, and weapons, multiplayer boosts, a unique pet, and the digital soundtrack.
-----------------------------
Details are below. Discount applies in shopping cart, so make sure you see your correct price there before proceeding to checkout. Free Shipping on orders $25 or more with code: "SAVER".
Buy FOUR $4.99 or fewer games for $10
Buy FOUR $9.99 or fewer games for $20
Buy FOUR $17.99 or fewer games for $40
All games in this link should be eligible for this discount.
For example, buy these 4 games for $20 ($5 each)
Buy these 4 games for $40 ($10 each)
This Week's Popular Deals
The 2DS XL is a 3DSL XL without the 3D. I own a 3DS XL and I've never used the 3D functionality, ever. In my opinion, if you were shopping around for a new DS, I'd rather save $40 and go with the 2DS XL.
-----------------------------
Get it quick while it lasts!
-----------------------------
Finally available on Amazon. Release date is 10/27.
-----------------------------
Use code "GAMEON" to get 10% off the following gift cards. Combine these savings with the Xbox video game sales that Microsoft hosts every week to get the best bang for your buck. The digital card will be sent to your inbox usually within 24 hours.
-----------------------------
With this trimmer you won't need separate devices for your facial and body hair. It's nicely reviewed with over 1,600 buyers rating it a solid 86%. Thanks to the price drop, it's currently the best selling beard trimmer on Amazon.
-----------------------------
A hefty discount on one of the funniest fantasy movies of all time.
-----------------------------
These TVs sell for retail price elsewhere, so the gift card is free money. Gift card is emailed within 20 days and has a 90-day expiration.
-----------------------------
If the thought of spending $100+ on waterproof speakers from Beats doesn't sit well with you, here's a pretty good alternative for 1/10th price.
-----------------------------
Too bad this series ended after only one season. I thought it was shiny!
-----------------------------
Get three for the same price that other brands are selling for just one or two. 560 reviews on Amazon with a near perfect 96% rating. These magnetic mounts are super easy to use and because they are simple magnets, their useful extends beyond your smartphone or your car.
-----------------------------
This is one of the least expensive robot vacuums I've seen. Compared to theprice of the average Roomba, you could buy TWO of these and clean two areas of the house. The reviews are actually pretty good, with 1055 Amazon buyers rating it 82%.
Use code "FVIHGUYX" to get it from Amazon for $135
-----------------------------
This set includes Episodes 1-49, Operation Meteor OVA (Japanese Audio) and Endless Waltz OVA + Movie (Japanese/English Audio), 5 large art cards, 5 small art cards, 3 posters, 5-piece metal pin set, and a 180 page hardbound art book housed in a high-quality chipboard art box.
-----------------------------
This special edition bundle actually has some good stuff. Includes a steelbook case, official soundtrack, and a beautfully illustrated 220-page premium hardbound art book.
-----------------------------
Contoured Gel-Infused Memory Foam Pillow for $25.49
How's your neck feeling today? Good? Bad? Would you like it to feel great? Well this memory foam pillow is contoured for neck support, so it could be the first step toward waking up with a rested, comfortable neck. Why not buy two to balance your bed out?
-----------------------------
If you "like" CDKeys on Facebook, you get an instant one-time-use 5% off coupon code that drops the price to $44.64. You can knock CDKeys all you like but they ROCK for cheap Xbox Live Gold deals.
-----------------------------
For storage that you can carry around, portable hard drives are easily the best value. They are small enough to fit in a pocket and yet hold boast way more capacity per dollar than USB flash drives. Best of all, there's no need to lug around an extra power brick. Compatible with PS4 and Xbox One.
The Best PC Deals
If you need a workhorse laptop at a bargain price, this config might fit your bill. Specs include a 15.6" 720p display, the newest gen Intel Core i7-7500U processor, 8GB RAM, and 1TB SSD.
Use code "330SAVE" to get it from Dell for $469.99
-----------------------------
Throw in a powerful video card and you have yourself a well-equipped gaming rig. Specs include an Intel Core i7-6700 quad-core processor, 16GB RAM, 1TB HDD, and a capable GeForce GTX 750 Ti video card (good for resolutions up to 1080p).
Use code "XPS699" to get it from Dell for $699.99
20% off Upcoming and New Release Games with Amazon Prime or Best Buy GCU
-----------------------------
-----------------------------
-----------------------------
-----------------------------
-----------------------------
-----------------------------
The Best Deals on These Subscriptions
Each IGN Box costs just $28.99 and is crammed with gear worth over $50, plus delivery is free worldwide. If you want one, be quick - only 800 boxes are available so make sure you order yours today!
-----------------------------
If you are lucky enough to have Verizion FIOS (fiber optic high-speed internet) coverage, there is a really great deal going on for 1yr of Triple Play service - 940Mbps downstream/880Mbps upstream internet, phone, and TV for $79.99/mo. After your 1yr is up, downgrade to internet only for $70/mo. Just as a comparison, Comcast Internet has up to 250Mbps downstream/12Mbps upstream with Blast... pretty huge difference.
----------------------------- How About Two Months of Gamefly for $10?
Gamefly is normally $15 a month, but you right now you can get your first two months for only $10. Watch out for that auto-renew, as the third month will be $15, but you can always set a calendar reminder to cancel in time.
----------------------------- Thirty Days of Free Streaming Anime with Crunchyroll Premium
Crunchyroll is Netflix for anime. Crunchyroll Premium gives you unlimited streaming access to brand-new anime, ad-free, as well as tons of classics like Re:Zero, One Piece, JoJo's Bizarre Adventure, Gintama, and Fate/Stay Night. A Crunchyroll Premium free trial is normal 15 days, but we can hook you up with a 30-day trial, so sign up before this offer gets deleted.
-----------------------------
You'll know whether or not you're eligible. If you're not, it will say so.
-----------------------------
Sign up for 1-Month of Audible, get 2 Free Audiobooks
If you're a daily commuter, this is the best way to "read" while driving.
----------------------------- Students get a Free 6-Month Trial AND 50% off Amazon Prime
You can be as happy as the woman in Amazon's promotional image with this half-off deal for students on Amazon Prime. Enjoy all the benefits of Prime, including movie and music streaming, free shipping, and more.
https://r.zdbb.net/u/3cbz
LG has been the first TV giant to unveil a new range of screens at CES 2017. While LG may be at the forefront of OLED technology, it hasn't forgotten about LCD and it's the latter that has been on the receiving end of some new innovative technology.
LG's new Super UHD range of 4K TVs feature Nano Cell technology which sees uniformly-sized particles, each a nanometer wide, across the screen. The Nano Cells claim to deliver more accurate and realistic colours than previous LCD screens as well as providing wider viewing angles. Colours on the Nano Cell screens are said to be as the content creator intended as they can blend with neighbouring colours, such as green mixing with blue and yellow, creating more of a cyan colour on screen.
LG has also partnered up with Hollywood colour experts Technicolor to create a Technicolour Expert Mode which has been designed to deliver "the most accurate colours possible in LG's Super UHD TVs".
The three TV ranges, SJ9500, SJ8500 and SJ8000, also support HDR10, Dolby Vision and Hybrid Log Gamma, making them fully futureproof, but they are also ready for a new HDR technology called Advanced HDR, which has been developed by Technicolor.
Standard dynamic range pictures can benefit from a new HDR Effect mode too, which promises to improve the brightness in certain areas and enhance contrast ratios to give an HDR-like effect.
LG's new TVs will also come preinstalled with webOS 3.5, the latest version of the company's rather excellent user interface. 4K streaming services Netflix and Amazon can be accessed at the press of a button on the new Magic Wand remote and a new Magic Zoom mode lets you enlarge a specific area of the screen and record it.
LG hasn't given us any details regarding price or release date just yet, but we'll be sure to head to the LG stand in Las Vegas to fill in the gaps.
MMA FIGHTER Conor McGregor switched to the boxing ring to make one of the richest professional fights in history possible and now Floyd Mayweather hints he might return the favour.
Mayweather, who hasn't fought since knocking out McGregor in that boxing match last year, teased fans Friday night by posting a picture on his Twitter page of himself wearing mixed martial arts gloves and standing in an UFC cage.
“Billion Dollar Man,” Mayweather said in the tweet.
Mayweather and McGregor's cross-combat fight in August failed to live up to the hype in the ring as veteran Mayweather easily outpunched the inexperienced McGregor, but it did well at the box office.
The contest generated 4.3 million pay-per-view buys in North America, trailing only Mayweather's 2015 world title boxing match with Filipino Manny Pacquiao that generated 4.6 million buys and earned $600 million.
It is the second time this week Mayweather has teased his fans with the idea. Earlier this week he posted video on Twitter and Instagram of himself shadow boxing in a cage.
He said “Come at the king, you best not miss…”
Mayweather's August fight with the Irishman was supposed to be his last as it secured his perfect 50-0 record. But the American has retired several times only to negotiate “comeback” fights for bigger paydays.
- © AFP 2018
PANAJI, India, Aug 12 (Reuters) - India's Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX) will launch the country's first gold options contract in September allowing even smaller players in the bullion industry an instrument to hedge their risk, a senior company official told Reuters.
"Somewhere around end September we will launch gold options. We have already conducted mock drills," Murgank Paranjape, managing director of MCX, said on the sidelines of a conference.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India has approved the options contract, he said.
"For years the market has been waiting for options. This will give many small jewellers an opportunity to hedge their risk without worrying about daily volatility," said Prithviraj Kothari, managing director of RiddiSiddhi Bullions Ltd.
India is the world's second-biggest buyer of gold, typically importing around 800 tonnes a year, with the metal being used in everything from investment to religious donations and wedding gifts.
In June, India's markets regulator allowed hedge funds registered as category III Alternative Investment Funds (AIFs) to invest in commodity derivatives as clients, opening up the market to institutional investors for the first time.
Harmony Hedge Fund has started trading on the MCX platform and another 35 hedge funds have approached the exchange for admission, Paranjape said.
Gold options and entry of hedge funds will increase the exchange's turnover in the next fiscal year, Paranjape said.
MCX's total income fell 7.1 percent from a year ago to 872.4 million rupees in the June quarter. (Reporting by Rajendra Jadhav; Editing by Eric Meijer)
Just when you thought the coupe-SUV segment couldn't get any more crowded, Peugeot has decided it will join it with a brand new contented – or at least this is what a new report claims. According to AutoExpress, the French manufacturer wants to expand its portfolio with a successor of the ill-fated 4008, slated to arrive by the end of the decade.
While there's no official confirmation at this point, Peugeot CEO Jean-Phillipe Imparato, speaking to the British magazine, hinted at the possibility of another SUV to be launched in the next two years. “Remember when we said two years ago we would launch five new SUVs in the coming two years? We did it: three in Europe and two more in China. It's time to come back to our DNA, and then we will maintain the growth of our SUV range in the future because the market is strong.”
Inspired by the success of the 2008, 3008, and 5008, as well as the pioneering BMW X6/X4/X2 range, the new model will be based on the 3008 and will share some of its design elements. However, a drastic change at the rear, which will gain a single-piece light bar between the taillights, a sloped roofline, and a more dynamic fascia will make it look completely different to the 3008.
Naturally, it will ride on PSA's EMP2 platform, which also underpins Opel's Crossland X and Grandland X crossovers. The engine range will mirror the 3008 and 5008, but sportier suspensions settings will make it more engaging to drive than its French and German siblings.
Interestingly, AutoExpress claims two hybrid powertrains will eventually join the new coupe-SUV's family. Both they will use a 1.6-liter turbocharged engine, mated to an electric motor for the front only or both axles respectively in the two different configurations. Power is said to be about 240 horsepower (179 kilowatts) for the less powerful variant and up to 300 hp (224 kW) for the range-topper.
Source: AutoExpress
JANUARY SAW GALWAY finish with 12 men after a Friday night battle in Castlebar.
February saw Mayo end up with 13 men and Galway's Paul Conroy was also dismissed in a heated league encounter in Salthill.
And last June's championship meeting saw Mayo's celebrated defender Keith Higgins sent-off.
The frequent brandishing of cards in recent meetings has contributed to the rising anticipation ahead of Galway and Mayo's championship meeting on 13 May.
After Mayo ruled supreme in the province between 2011 and 2015, they've been knocked out at the semi-final stage by Galway for the past two summers.
It may be early in the season but the magnitude of the match is not lost on defender Chris Barrett.
Is it the biggest Connacht championship game that he has prepared for?
“I think it is yeah, definitely,” said the Belmullet man.
“Like with Galway doing as well as they are (and) I suppose us getting to the All-Ireland final last year as well, it's really building up into a huge game. I imagine it'll be close to a sell out.
“I suppose it was always there, it comes and goes but definitely in the last couple of years there is a bit of an edge and a bit of a bite which you like too. You look forward to those games. It's going to be a massive test.”
Galway have improved rapidly in recent campaigns.
“We're under no illusions, Galway beat us last year but they've improved again, you can see that in getting to the league final
“They're strong, they're fit, they've a good way of playing. They're a Tier 1 team at this stage. Galway are physically strong and they want to impose and dominate.
“They've just improved an awful lot. It's down to us to reach the level that they've reached in the league and trying to get up to their level on 13 May.”
Chris Barrett pictured today at the official re-launch of Wigoders on the Long Mile Road. Source: Dan Sheridan/INPHO
Barrett has not lined out for Mayo since last September's All-Ireland final. He damaged cartilage in his knee while in action for Ireland in the second International Rules test and after returning to training in early March, an appearance in the league did not materialise.
“2017 was probably the best year in a long time I've had with injuries. I got back on the pitch around I think it was March and pretty much trained right through which was the first in a long time that I got a good block of training. Then I hurt my knee on the Aussie Rules trip.
“I didn't get back training probably until the beginning of March so didn't quite make the end of the league. I was hoping to get two or three matches at the end of the league, that was the plan but it didn't really transpire that way.
“But (I'm) back training now for the last six to eight weeks so all going well. Just trying to work on the fitness now and a bit of sharpness. Couple of club games as well helps to get the sharpness back.”
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
AMMAN — Despite limited resources, Jordan has been continuously enforcing "exemplary efforts" for the protection of the Syrians who have left their homes, the UN has said, urging stakeholders to provide further assistance to save refugees “trapped” at the border.
In a statement released Monday, UN agencies in Jordan voiced concern over “the safety and security of thousands of Syrians near Jordan's northeastern border”, expressing readiness “to immediately provide protection and additional life-saving assistance as needed", and continued support for the Jordanian authorities' efforts.
An estimated number of 4,000 Syrians at Hadalat and 45,000 Syrians at Rukban — mainly women and children — remain stranded at Syria's southern border with Jordan, the statement said.
Due to air strikes that have been reported to be in the area over the last couple of days, distress and fear have been heightened amongst the population with the risk of escalated hostilities.
No casualties or injuries have been reported, yet the area has been described to be “increasingly unsafe”, the international organisation said, adding that the scarcity of services available in the area in terms of food and healthcare has placed women and children in a situation that has been going from bad to worse.
“The supply route to the berm area for food and other basic commodities from inside Syria has become increasingly constrained in recent weeks,” according to the statement.
Leaving the area risks danger and deprivation in an “inhospitable desert location”, making many Syrians “unsure of where to go in search of safety”.
Aiming to prevent “further harm to the frightened and highly vulnerable individuals stranded at the border”, UN agencies in Jordan are advocating a resolution to their plight and calling on parties to step forward and shoulder their respective shares of responsibility, according the statement.
A COUPLE OF months since his brief spell at Scunthorpe United came to a premature end, former Limerick boss Neil McDonald has found a new role.
McDonald has been appointed assistant manager to Phil Brown at Swindon Town, who finished in ninth place in England's League Two in the 2017-18 season.
Brown — who guided Hull City to Premier League promotion in 2008 — previously worked alongside McDonald when they both served under Sam Allardyce at Bolton Wanderers.
McDonald took charge of Limerick in May 2017, succeeding Martin Russell. The 52-year-old Englishman signed a two-and-a-half-year deal, but he departed the Markets Field gigs in January — on the day the squad returned to begin pre-season training.
The former Carlisle United and Blackpool manager left Limerick to become assistant manager to Graham Alexander at Scunthorpe United, but the pair were relieved of their duties by the League One club in March after a run of eight games without a win.
McDonald has been described as “one of the best coaches I've ever worked with” by Swindon boss Brown, who took over at the County Ground in March.
Swindon Town Football Club is owned by former Ireland U21 international Lee Power, who's also the owner of SSE Airtricity League Premier Division club Waterford.
Армія Ізраїлю обстріляла позиції членів палестинського руху Хамас у секторі Газа.
Про це повідомляють збройні сили країни у Twitter.
In response to the rocket launched towards Israel, an IDF tank & the IAF targeted Hamas terror posts in the northern Gaza Strip. The IDF holds the Hamas terror organization accountable for this hostile act originating in the Gaza Strip
By: Rachael Perry
Email: rperry@abc6.com
Twitter: @RachaelABC6
PORTSMOUTH, R.I. (WLNE) — Portsmouth Police officers seized over 700 edible marijuana candies Saturday night.
The 'luck of the Irish' was not with David Myrick, who was seen by officers swerving in and out of the breakdown lane on Route 24 North near Boyd's Lane around 12:15 a.m., on St. Patrick's Day.
Portsmouth Police said Myrick “displayed signs of intoxication, failed DUI testing and was placed under arrest for suspicion of driving under the influence.” But during a subsequent search of his car, officers found a ‘pot of gold,' of individually wrapped marijuana candies.
Names like: ‘Tangerine Mango, Pina Colada, Pineapple Pomegranate and Tootie Fruity,' were marking the edibles.
In addition, officers seized a some money and over 2 ounces of marijuana.
Myrick was charged with:
Driving under the influence.
Possession of marijuana.
“Myrick may face additional charges as the RI Attorney General's Office is reviewing the case,” said Detective Lieutenant Michael C. Arnold.
No further information is available at this time.
©WLNE-TV/ABC6 2018
SPARTA, N.J. (AP) — A couple who gained notoriety for crashing a New Jersey wedding reception and leaving the newlyweds a card apologizing for their actions said they did it as a lark while on their first date.
Carly Wolfson told WCBS-TV in New York that she sent the bride, Karen Tufo, a Facebook message apologizing for showing up uninvited at the Aug. 6 event in Sparta.
But Tufo — who has said she found the stunt funny and offered to buy the crashers a drink — told her no apology was needed. Wolfson said Tufo also told her that if all "goes well" for her and Ritchie Barry, she'll have to crash their wedding.
Wolfson said she and Barry planned their outfits and created a backstory involving a phony engagement ring. She also said they almost got cold feet about going through with their plans, likening it to a flirtatious game of "chicken."
"(We came) in right behind the bride, like literately right behind her," Wolfson said. "I freak out, shut the doors."
Reception attendees have said Wolfson and Barry were the life of the party, spending a lot of time on the dance floor and sitting at the best man's table. Some guests and members of the wedding party thought they might be crashers, but with everyone caught up in the celebration no one questioned them.
Tufo has said she initially thought Barry was a friend of her new husband who she had not met. She eventually met the actual friend later on in the evening, but said she continually got sidetracked when she thought about questioning the suspected crashers.
The newlyweds learned the truth when they found the greeting card the crashers left them with a dollar bill attached. The handwritten note stated: "Dear Fox's, 1) Congratulations! 2) Sorry for crashing your wedding 3) Best of luck!!"
The two crashers also included a photo of themselves in the outfits they wore in the wedding photos.
In a Facebook note posted the Monday after the wedding, Fox thanked all her guests but made a point of recognizing the crashers and their accomplishments.
"Well played my friends... well played!!! I need to meet these people and buy them a drink. Professional job! You gave us the best wedding present anyone could ever ask for!" Fox wrote.
0 What is Ambien and what can it make you do?
Comedian Roseanne Barr tweeted overnight that she is tired of “being attacked and belittled,” and appeared to blame an insomnia drug and the fact that it was Memorial Day for the tweet in which she compared a former Obama administration official with an ape.
The tweet posted on Tuesday attacked Valarie Jarrett, a senior adviser to President Barack Obama, and prompted ABC to cancel her television show, a reboot of her late 1980s show “Rosanne” about a working-class Midwestern family.
>> Read more trending news
Late Tuesday and early Wednesday, Barr posted a series of tweets about the incident, and in one suggested that the sleep-inducing drug Ambien could have caused her to post the offensive tweet.
>> Roseanne Barr: A timeline of career controversies
What is Ambien and why would Barr say it could have caused her to tweet what she did? Here's a look at the drug and what it does.
What is it?
Ambien is a brand name for the drug zolpidem. Zolpidem is prescribed by a doctor to treat insomnia – or inability to sleep.
What does it do?
Zolpidem is classified as a nonbarbiturate hypnotic. That means it is a drug that is used to calm people to help them to sleep but is not made from a barbiturate – a strong sedative. Zolpidem works to depress a person's central nervous system to calm a person and help him or her to fall asleep and stay asleep.
How is the medicine taken?
Zolpidem is a pill taken by mouth just as a person is getting ready to go to sleep. It generally acts quickly. A person should take the medication when he or she can get at least 7-8 hours of sleep as zolpidem is a long-acting drug.
If you must get up before 7-8 hours, there is a chance you will be drowsy and possibly dizzy, according to the drug's manufacturer.
What are the side effects of zolpidem?
The drug can cause these side effects, according to the National Institutes of Health:
Allergic reaction: Itching or hives, swelling in your face or hands, swelling or tingling in your mouth or throat, chest tightness, trouble breathing
Anxiety, depression, nervousness, unusual behavior, or thoughts of hurting yourself
Memory loss
Seeing, hearing, or feeling things that are not there
Severe confusion, drowsiness, muscle weakness
Daytime drowsiness
According to the NIH, zolpidem can “cause unusual moods and behaviors. You may also do things while you are still asleep that you may not remember the next morning, such as driving. … thought or behavior changes (such as problems with gambling or increased sex drive)” can also happen when the drug is taken.
FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
A basket full of red snapper. The Trump administration's decision to extend the recreational fishing season fr red snapper in the Gulf of Mexico is drawing fire from environmentalists, charter boat captains and commercial fishermen. (Photo: BOB RIHA, JR., XXX USAT)
WASHINGTON — Internal memos show top Trump administration officials knew extending the recreational fishing season in the Gulf of Mexico from three to 42 days this summer would lead to significant overfishing
But they did it anyway.
In memos released in response to a lawsuit, Commerce Department officials defended the move by saying that keeping the three-day season would be “devastating” to the recreational marine industry and the communities whose economies are tied to it.
And extending the time would also help solve a long-running dispute with states who have much longer seasons and want to wrest control of red snapper management from federal managers, they argued.
“It would result in overfishing of the stock by six million pounds (40%), which will draw criticism from environmental groups and commercial fishermen,” Earl Comstock, director of Policy and Strategic Planning for Commerce, conceded in a June 1 memo to his boss, Secretary Wilbur Ross. “However NMFS (National Marine Fisheries Service) agrees that this stock could handle this level on a temporary basis.”
And, Comstock noted in the memo, there was little opponents could do about it because the law governing federal fisheries — the Magnuson Stevens Act — prevents a judge from issuing a temporary restraining order “so your action would remain in effect for at least 45 days before a court could act.”
Ross, whose department oversees federal fisheries, announced the extension two weeks later.
Comstock's memo, as well as one on June 7 he wrote to Ross laying out the rationale for an extension, were filed by the government in response to a lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court in Washington, D.C., against the Commerce secretary by Ocean Conservancy and the Environmental Defense Fund. A judge could rule by the end of the year.
The environmental groups say the memos prove Commerce officials intentionally violated the Magnuson Steven Act, the law governing federal fish policy, by extending the season in the federal waters off five states — Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas — when they knew it would lead to overfishing.
More: Southwest Florida Fishing Report: Inshore bite heavy during both tides
Specifically, they point to a provision in the law known as National Standard 1 which states that “conservation and management measures shall prevent overfishing while achieving, on a continuing basis, the optimum yield from each fishery for the United States fishing industry.”
“We now have alarming proof that the Department of Commerce knew their decision was illegal, would result in overfishing, and would hurt fishermen by causing significant reductions in fishing next year,” said Meredith Moore, director of the Fish Conservation Program at the Ocean Conservancy. “We need solutions that keep our oceans healthy for the long-term, not short-term work-arounds that bypass the law and benefit some at the cost of others.”
A spokesman from the Commerce Department declined comment citing the pending lawsuit.
The wrangling over who gets to fish for red snapper and for how long has become one of the nation's most contentious fights regarding animal management.
More: Florida works to tell visitors after Hurricane Irma: 'We're open for business'
Over the past several years, red snapper has pitted federal managers against state regulators, commercial fishing interests against recreational anglers, and sportsmen against environmentalists — all arguing over how much red snapper can be pulled out of the water while still helping the stock rebound to full health.
The decision to extend the season marked another defeat for environmentalists who have watched President Trump pull out of the Paris accord to limit greenhouse gas emissions, propose deep cuts to the Environmental Protection Agency, and move to open more off-shore waters to oil and gas drilling.
Commercial fishing interests and charter boat captains didn't like the extension either, fearing it could add to overfishing and eat into their quotas.
But recreational anglers view the extended federal season as simply restoring balance following years of what they saw as overly restrictive catch limits imposed by the Obama administration given the abundance of red snapper they have been seeing in the water.
At the time of the announcement, Mike Leonard, conservation director for the American Sportfishing Association called the announcement “a welcome relief for the thousands of tackle shops, marinas, equipment manufacturers and other businesses who have suffered from decreasing public access to Gulf red snapper in recent years.”
States which control the immediate waters off their shorelines, agree with the industry that federal managers have undercounted the red snapper stock in the Gulf.
More: Southwest Florida Fishing Report: Recovery beginning after Hurricane Irma
US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross. (Photo: ANTHONY WALLACE, AFP/Getty Images)
In his memos to Ross, Comstock noted Gulf states would be making a key concession because they would agree to align their much longer seasons with the federal one. Alabama, Florida, Louisiana and Mississippi are expected to give up their fall seasons, leaving Texas as the only state allowing recreational fishing through the end of the year.
The memos reveal the political considerations behind Ross' decision.
In late May, about a dozen Gulf Coast lawmakers led by Louisiana Republican Steve Scalise approached Comstock to pitch a longer season after Commerce had announced a three-day season in federal waters that was the shortest on record. All five states have pushed Congress for legislation that would hand over management of the federal red snapper fishery to them.
Comstock spoke with fishery managers from the states who said they would consider shortening their summer seasons if the federal season was extended. Two extensions were discussed: one for 27 days and one for 39. Both would allow recreational anglers to fish on weekends through Labor Day.
More: Fishingcast: Conditions for Naples, Oct. 7-13
State waters extend out nine miles from shore in Florida and Texas and three miles in Alabama, Louisiana and Mississippi, although it's been extended to nine miles temporarily for all three.
The options would result in the overall catch limit to be exceeded between 30% and 50% and slow down the rebuilding of red snapper in the Gulf, but NMFS "assessed the impact of such an overage and it does not threaten the health of the stock," Comstock wrote in the June 7 memo.
In asking Ross for his approval to continue negotiations, Comstock noted in the June 7 memo that commercial fishermen and charter boat captains are likely to oppose the move for fear that the overfishing being allowed would eat into their quotas for next year.
But he urged Ross to move forward with an extension.
"Approving either option would reset the debate, demonstrate (Commerce) can work with states, address a serious economic harm to business, reduce a major source of constituent frustration and benefit the fishery long term by aligning the state and federal seasons," he wrote.
David Krebs, a commercial fisherman from Destin, Fl., disagrees, saying the decision threatens the livelihood of both the stock and the other stakeholders who depend on red snapper for their livelihood.
"You're going against what the science says is the allowable catch and you will do harm to the resource long-term," he said. "It's just common sense."
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/news/environment/2017/10/06/trump-officials-extended-red-snapper-season-despite-knowing-would-lead-overfishing/741128001/
Friday was a big night for Labette County High School senior Tristan Gegg.
She eclipsed 2,000 career points, she made a school record nine 3's and she scored a school record 46 points. Gegg's big night helped the Grizzlies beat the Parsons Vikings 78-59 to move to 15-0 on the season.
"I just came to play," Gegg said after the game, "If I got two thousand, I got two thousand. It wasn't just me, it was our whole team that played amazing, so I was really proud of how we contributed the whole night."
Rita Deneve's biggest hit "De allereerste keer"
The Flemish singer and actress Rita Deneve has died aged 73. The singer best-known for her 1971 hit ‘De allereerste keer' (the very first time'), passed away on Wednesday and her death was announced on Friday morning. She was 73.
VRT ???media.video.type.mz_vod???
Rita Deneve's biggest hit "De allereerste keer"
The Flemish singer and actress Rita Deneve has died aged 73. The singer best-known for her 1971 hit ‘De allereerste keer' (the very first time'), passed away on Wednesday and her death was announced on Friday morning. She was 73.
Officials with OC Transpo warned Wednesday morning commuters that O-Train service would be paused while crews work to clean up vandalism that occurred overnight.
OC Transpo wouldn't specify the amount of damage that occurred or what the vandals damaged specifically. All service along the Trillium Line 2 was being replaced by Route 107 buses between Bayview and South Keys stations, with limited stops along the way, until crews could clean up the mess.
The news came at the same time that officials were warning commuters that Highway 174 Westbound has been restricted to one lane from Blair Road to Highway 417 after a vehicle lost a wheel.
Hamilton police say a "suspicious note" threatening violence against Elizabeth Bagshaw Elementary School led to a hold and secure Monday.
The note, which included a "possible threat made of violence towards the school," was found inside the 350 Albright Rd. building just after 10 a.m., police said in a news release.
Police said they were contacted by school administrators about the note after they had gathered information.
The school was placed in a "hold and secure" position while police investigated. They determined there was no actual threat.
An Overland Park woman was found dead at the scene of a fire Monday afternoon.
According to a release from the Fire Department, crews from Overland Park and Lenexa along with Johnson County Med-ACT responded to a fire call just after 2:30 p.m. Monday at the Overland Towers Apartments in the 8500 block of Farley.
There was a fire in a second story apartment. While crews went to work fighting the fire, additional crews evacuated the eight-story building which houses mainly elderly and low income residents. The victim is believed to be the resident of that unit. Also, two residents from other units were transported to area hospitals with minor smoke inhalation.
The victim's name is being withheld pending notification of family. The exact cause of the fire and the death are under investigation.
SOCHI, Russia — Murat Gassiev of Russia knocked out Yunier Dorticos of Cuba with less than 20 seconds remaining in the final round to unify the IBF and WBA cruiserweight titles.
The victory early Sunday in Sochi's Bolshoi Ice Dome qualifies Gassiev for the World Boxing Superseries final against Oleksandr Usyk of Ukraine in May. Usyk holds the WBO and WBC belts.
Gassiev's record rises to 26-0, with 19 knockouts.
It is Dorticos' first professional loss; he's 22-1 with 21 knockouts.
Disaster assistance will be provided to people affected by Cyclone Marcus after it smashed the Top End last weekend.
Around 6000 households still without power will be eligible to receive an immediate cash payment of $250 and possibly further funding for damage to their homes and to replace household contents, Northern Territory Chief Minister Michael Gunner says.
"We have now opened five relief centres for residents to apply for immediate payments if they are still without power," Mr Gunner said.
The category two cyclone battered the territory over the weekend, bringing flooding, road closures and winds in excess of 130km/h.
At its peak, 30,000 homes were without power and schools and other government services were forced to remain closed on Monday.
The funding is provided through the jointly-funded Commonwealth-State Natural Disaster Relief and Recovery Arrangements.
Mr Gunner said further assistance would be considered once damage assessments and cost estimates became available in coming days.
(Adds comments on Saipem, privatisation)
By Francesca Landini
MILAN, March 31 Italian state fund Cassa Depositi e Prestiti (CDP) said on Friday 2016 net profit jumped 86 percent to 1.7 billion euros ($1.8 billion), raising the prospect of a bumper dividend for the cash-strapped treasury.
The lender, in which the Italian treasury has an 83 percent stake, paid 683 million euros in dividends to the state last year after booking a profit of 900 million euros. It said on Friday it had yet to decide how much it will pay out this year.
A 162 percent increase in net interest income - partly due to higher interest rates charged on loans to the state - more than offset writedowns the CDP booked on its real estate portfolio and on its investment in bank rescue fund Atlante, CEO Fabio Gallia said.
CDP's role in Italy's industrial policy has grown rapidly since the appointment of top bankers Gallia and Claudio Costamagna at its helm in 2015.
Under the new managers, CDP was instrumental in setting up Atlante last year, a state-sponsored, mostly privately-financed fund aimed at helping to struggle lenders.
CDP contributed 500 million euros to Atlante, whose initial financial warchest stood at 4.25 billion euros. But like several other financial institutions, CDP has had to cut the value of its holding as two regional banks rescued by the fund continued to rack up losses.
The state agency also spent 900 million euros to buy a 12.5 percent stake in oil service group Saipem from Eni .
CDP will book an impairment on that investment too, but the impact will be offset by the revaluation of other holdings, Costamagna, CDP's chairman, told journalists.
"The stake in Saipem is not for sale," Costamagna said.
CDP also owns stakes in several companies considered strategic by the government, including 26 percent of Eni and 35 percent of post office Poste Italiane.
Some Italian newspapers have said the treasury could transfer to CDP additional stakes in Eni, Poste or utility Enel and then sell a minority stake in the state lender to institutional investors to cut public debt.
Costamagna declined to comment on that speculation. (Editing by Mark Potter)
BOSTON — Thumbs down for Ottawa Senators goaltender Craig Anderson. Thumbs up for Anderson.
After he allowed goals on the Bruins' sixth, seventh and ninth shots on Monday night, turning the huge 3-0 lead into a 3-3 tie, something looked terribly off with Anderson, who was fortunate that the Senators rallied from his ghastly stickhandling gaffe in Game 2.
Somewhere in the back of the mind of Senators head coach Guy Boucher, he must have given at least a passing thought to replacing Anderson with back-up Mike Condon.
Still, if the measure of a top-flight National Hockey League goaltender is his ability to quickly shake off the bad stuff, Anderson deserved some credit.
The Senators would never have made it overtime without the play of Anderson in a third period largely dominated by the Bruins. With 9:30 left in the third, he stoned David Krejci with his pad. Three minutes into the third, he had stolen a goal away from Kevan Miller with a sharp trapper stop. Of course, he also caught a break when David Pastrnak couldn't find a puck in his skates while staring at an open net.
MULTIPLE CHOICE: From 3-0 to 3-2 in the blink of an eye. From 3-2 to 3-3 seven minutes later. Beyond Anderson, what were the biggest factors?
A) Senators head coach Guy Boucher for not pushing hard enough for the Senators to stay aggressive and/or not calling a timeout to calm things down?
B) The experienced players on the ice and the bench for not showing enough composure to handle the inevitable push-back from the Bruins?
C) The “Celtics” bounce, which resulted in the puck hopping over Bobby Ryan's stick, leading directly to the Bruins second goal by David Backes?
D) The referees for calling Dion Phaneuf for a slash and putting the Senators down 5-on-3, giving the Bruins control inside Ottawa's zone before David Pastrnak's tying goal?
E) Bruins goaltender Tuukka Rask for his superb pad save on Mark Stone with the Senators up 3-2?
A TALE OF TWO DEFENCEMEN: The joint was jumping early, the fans in full voice and Ben Harpur, playing his first NHL playoff game, was swimming, scrambling to stay alive against the BUMP Line. Then Karlsson made like Tom Brady, launching a Hail Mary pass over Chara's head and Mike Hoffman went all Peter Forsberg on Tuukka Rask. It got quiet in a hurry and quieter still 35 seconds later, when Derick Brassard buried Bobby Ryan's pass past Rask to make it 2-0 … Seconds before Brassard's goal, Bruins defenceman Tommy Cross, also playing his first post-season game in the NHL, lost his stick. He couldn't stop Viktor Stalberg's pass out front and couldn't contain Ryan before the pass to Brassard.
TURNING THE VOLUME BACK UP: After Hoffman's second goal gave the Senators their (seemingly) commanding 3-0 edge, there was a sense of disbelief at what had happened. Ten minutes later, there was belief in the crowd and mind-numbing noise. It lasted until the end. Montreal's Bell Centre gets a lot of credit for being loud. The TD Garden is in the same ball park.
CONDON AND BOSTONSTRONG: Senators back-up netminder Mike Condon is a Boston native and a proud promoter of everything on the Boston sports scene. Well, almost. “It's not like Ottawa, where it's just Redblacks and the Senators, pretty much,” he said, referring to the Easter Long weekend that featured the Red Sox, Celtics, Bruins and, of course, the Boston Marathon. “It's like this all the time. It's easy being a Boston sports fan. It seems like every year, the Big Four teams always have somebody in the mix. The Patriots every year, the Red Sox spend a lot of money and are always in it. I don't really care about the Bruins any more, but the Celtics, too. The Garden is pretty busy at this time of year, which is always good for the city. For sure, I'm a proud Boston sports fan … with the exception of ice hockey.” Casting a glance at a couple of Boston-based scribes, Condon said, “You should talk to those guys. Easiest gig ever. Always something to write about.”
STAYING READY: As much as it's a disturbing thought for Senators faithful, Condon also knows he's only a Craig Anderson injury away from being in the net himself. Or, maybe, just maybe (see above), Senators head coach Guy Boucher might at least give some thought to a drastic netminding move. “It's just fighting complacency, which is the biggest thing right now,” Condon said of his back-up role. “You want to find drills to compete with guys. If you face six pucks, you can only let one in, that kind of thing. I told (goaltending coach Pierre Groulx) that I wanted a little more intense stuff. In a split-second, I could be in there and it's (my) series. You don't have any time to get your feet wet and shake the cobwebs off, so you've got to be ready if it comes.”
KEEP ON RUNNING ON: Felt good about myself after spending a couple of minutes on a stationary bike Monday morning. Then went outside to see some of the 30,000 on their way to run more than 42 kilometres through the streets of Boston … The Bruins paid tribute to marathoners late in the first period on the video scoreboard, congratulating those who ran and then showed up at the game. I was tired just riding the elevator and walking to the press box.
OVERHEARD: An usher named Mark inside TD Garden: “I'm a Yankees fan. I would never work at Fenway, even if they paid me way more than to work here. The only time I go near the place is when the Yankees are in town.”
kwarren@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/Citizenkwarren
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from State House grounds Pause
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
1:41 SC pension overhaul makes progress as bill moves forward
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
0:59 VC Summer Nuclear Generating Station tour of the new reactors being built
The New York Daily News, one of President Trump's hometown papers, released its July 4 holiday edition with a front page mocking Trump as nothing more than a “clown who plays king.”
Happy Birthday, America! https://t.co/4dPHLNrb9y An early look at Wednesday's front… pic.twitter.com/3I4mt72Xoh — New York Daily News (@NYDailyNews) July 4, 2018
The paper's Independence Day edition cover features a photoshopped image of the president in clown makeup and a broken gold crown, with an American flag in the background.
Above Trump's face, the paper's cover displays the tagline: “Happy Birthday, America!”
The Daily News then published a headline mocking Trump as a mere clown who is not in step with American values.
“The clown who plays king can't overthrow the bedrock values this nation was founded on 242 years ago today,” the headline reads.
The Daily News has not hidden its disdain for Trump and his supporters. Last week, the tabloid released a cover with a cartoon Trump dressed as a judge with the headline: “We are f****d!” in response to Justice Anthony Kennedy's decision to retire from the Supreme Court.
Justice Anthony Kennedy has announced his retirement, giving President Trump the chance to appoint a second judge. https://t.co/bYil5UUR4O An early look at Thursday's front… pic.twitter.com/sMqbfavkXY — New York Daily News (@NYDailyNews) June 27, 2018
In 2016, the Daily News attacked voters who cast their ballots for Trump in New Hampshire as “mindless zombies,” prompting then-candidate Trump to fire back at the paper for its financial troubles.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, speaks during a meeting with the Palestinian Central Council, a top decision-making body, at his headquarters in the West Bank city of Ramallah, Sunday, Jan. 14, 2018. (AP Photo/Majdi Mohammed,l)
Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas labelled the US ambassador to Israel David Friedman a "son of a dog" on Monday during a scathing attack on Donald Trump's policies.
"The US ambassador in Tel Aviv is a settler and a son of a dog," Abbas said in comments to Palestinian leaders in Ramallah.
Relations between Abbas's government and President Trump's US administration have broken down since the White House recognised Jerusalem as Israel's capital in December.
The Palestinians also see the disputed city as the capital of their future state.
Friedman, who was Trump's personal lawyer before being appointed last year, is a longstanding supporter of settlement building in the occupied West Bank, considered illegal under international law.
On Monday, Friedman referred to an attack in the West Bank as "in the north", raising questions over whether he views it as part of Israeli territory, and accused Abbas's Palestinian Authority (PA) of failing to condemn it.
"Such brutality and no condemnation from the PA!" he tweeted, referring to a Friday car ramming that killed two soldiers and a Sunday stabbing in Jerusalem that left an Israeli dead, both carried out by Palestinians.
Israel has militarily occupied the West Bank since 1967 but Abbas's government has limited autonomy in parts of it.
AFP
Sanchez saw his second-half penalty saved but scored the rebound.
Sanchez saw his second-half penalty saved but scored the rebound.
MANCHESTER UNITED RECOVERED from their midweek defeat to Tottenham with a comfortable 2-0 win against Huddersfield Town in a win which maintains their grip on second place.
On a day where league leaders Manchester City dropped two points away to Burnley, Jose Mourinho's side cut the gap between the city rivals to 13 points.
David Wagner's side inflicted a first Premier League defeat of the season on the hosts when they met in October with a 2-1 win.
Huddersfield succeeded in frustrating United throughout a first half which saw no goals but witnessed a big call for a penalty which fell on deaf ears.
United recorded 16 shots to the visitors four in a largely one-sided meeting which saw Mourinho's side maintain 74% possession throughout.
They finally broke the deadlock ten minutes after the break with Romelu Lukaku notching his 12th Premier League goal of the season.
Romelu Lukaku scored his 12th Premier League goal of the season. Source: Martin Rickett
Juan Mata peeled away smartly along the left wing before delivering a dangerous cross aimed towards the front post which the Belgian forward managed to steer past goalkeeper Jonas Lössl with precision.
Alexis Sanchez failed to score in either of his first outings since signing from Arsenal during the January transfer window against Yeovil or Tottenham three days ago.
But he managed his first in United colours at the third attempt when he rebounded Lössl's penalty save after the Chilean was hauled down inside the area by Hefele.
With Pep Guardiola's side dropping points, Mourinho has cut the gap at the top of the Premier League to 13 points after City were held 1-1 at Turf Moor by Sean Dyche's Burnley on Saturday afternoon.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
By Peter Apps
For much of the last few decades, powerful speakers on the South Korean border have blasted propaganda to nearby North Koreans, everything from Korean pop songs to news about the number of cars in the affluent South. On Monday, they stopped – the latest step in a high-stakes diplomatic dance.
Coming before Friday's North-South summit that will set the tone for a proposed meeting between North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and U.S. President Donald Trump, the move was more than just symbolic. Slowly and through painstaking negotiations, Washington and the two Koreas are sketching out a deal to avoid what all sides feared was an increasingly inevitable war.
How successful that will be – and whether Kim truly gives up his nuclear program – remains in question. Kim's regime is fiercely paranoid about the outside world, long believing only military force – including nuclear – will truly safeguard it from external dangers. Its recent advances have seriously alarmed the United States, generating threats of military action – and only a titanic and remarkably shrewd effort by Seoul has kept diplomacy alive. Now, however, it may be bearing fruit.
On Saturday Pyongyang said it no longer needed nuclear or intercontinental ballistic missile tests because it had reached its weapons development goals. U.S. officials and experts don't think the North can yet reliably strike the U.S. mainland, but suspect Kim's worries over potential U.S. action may have prompted the climbdown. North Korea already has the ability to devastate its immediate neighborhood, and that may be seen as enough. Alternatively, the regime may just be buying time.
Even a pause in escalation would be a diplomatic win. As late as January, there were widespread expectations Pyongyang might use the Winter Olympics to stir up tensions, perhaps through conducting more weapons tests or interference such as a cyberattack. Throughout last year – which saw multiple nuclear and rocket tests, as well as the assassination of Kim's half-brother in Malaysia – escalation seemed unstoppable. Since January, however, the government of South Korean President Moon Jae-In used first the Olympics, then the promise of future meetings, to foster simple but ongoing dialogue. North Korea has not conducted a single test since.
Friday's Demilitarized Zone meeting between Kim and Moon will be a key precursor to the U.S.-North Korean summit, which could take place in a variety of locations including Mongolia or Switzerland. It will be the first time the two men have met, and only the third between leaders of North and South since an armistice halted the Korean War in 1953.
Turning that theoretically temporary cease-fire into a more formally agreed peace deal is one of the Moon government's long-term goals. The administration must convince Pyongyang that neither Washington nor Seoul has short or long-term ambitions to bring down the Kim dynasty. That's one of the reasons why stopping the loudspeaker broadcast – which openly encouraged North Korean soldiers to defect – is so important.
Ultimately, anything that makes Kim feel his brutal, dictatorial regime is safe may help bring peace, even as it makes many feels conflicted and uncomfortable. Some topics, however, are almost certainly off the table – particularly withdrawing U.S. troops from South Korea.
All sides remain on very different pages. On a visit to Seoul last year, Trump reportedly suggested South Korea drop its ambition for reunification as a way to mollify Pyongyang. For now, both North and South remain committed to that concept, although few believe either would consider the compromises necessary to bring together their incompatible political systems.
Nor would a unified Korea be acceptable to China, North Korea's only treaty ally and a country central to handling the peninsula.
Once-secret diplomatic channels are now becoming visible. Last week, Trump revealed CIA chief and incoming Secretary of State nominee Mike Pompeo had made a secret trip to Pyongyang earlier in the month to prepare for the Kim meeting. U.S. officials said the visit was arranged by South Korean intelligence chief Suh Hoon and North Korean counterpart Kim Yong Chol, intended to assess whether Kim was prepared to hold serious talks on giving up nuclear weapons.
Most U.S. analysts believe that remains unlikely. Only a handful of countries has voluntarily given up nuclear programs and other weapons of mass destruction: South Africa, Iraq, Libya, and post-Soviet Ukraine, which signed a deal brokered by Britain and the United States to return nuclear weapons stationed on its soil to Russia. Of these, Iraq and Libya both saw governments ousted by U.S.-led military regime change, while Ukraine has been increasingly menaced and attacked by Moscow.
U.S. officials say they want to see significant demolition of North Korean nuclear facilities to offer significant sanctions relief. Still, Washington might settle for an end to further testing and weapons development, staving off the threat to the U.S. mainland. South Korea – already well within range of North Korean conventional artillery that U.S. analysts say could kill tens of thousands in hours – would likely take the same deal. Japan, also within striking distance, is much more cautious, a major topic in meetings between Trump and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe last week. Tokyo realizes it cannot veto the joint South Korean-U.S. diplomatic effort, one of the reasons it is now seeking its own direct dialogue with Pyongyang.
No side really trusts the other. These talks are a positive step, and make imminent war much less likely. If they unravel, however – which remains entirely possible – the result may be catastrophic.
Activist investor Bashar Qasem, President and CEO of Azzad Asset Management Inc, is pictured at a conference in Huntington Beach, California, U.S. February 18, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake
Activist investor Bashar Qasem, President and CEO of Azzad Asset Management Inc, greets a client during a conference in Huntington Beach, California, U.S. February 18, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake
Activist investor Bashar Qasem, President and CEO of Azzad Asset Management Inc, speaks to a client during a conference in Huntington Beach, California, U.S. February 18, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake
BOSTON Shareholder activism is rare in Islamic finance, but one wealth manager has staked out new territory as the most outspoken voice among Muslim investors in the United States.
Working from an office in Falls Church, Virginia, Bashar Qasem was the only Islamic financial representative among religious shareholder advocates who sent a letter in February to protest U.S. President Donald Trump's travel ban.
It was only one of a number of such moves since 2015, when Qasem's Azzad Asset Management firm started weighing in on issues like worker safety, climate change and lobbying disclosures.
This direct advocacy will test whether many U.S. Muslim investors will support the sort of faith-based shareholder activism common among other religious groups even as many cite safety concerns or have experienced bullying.
Qasem said his clients seemed to welcome his growing public role. Most are Muslim, and about half are immigrants. "Most of them, they feel it's about time," said Qasem, who grew up in Jordan, moved to the United States in 1987 and became a citizen in 1996.
So far Qasem's strategy appears to be helping to differentiate his firm at a time when the popularity of cheaper index-tracking products is rising.
Azzad's assets increased 11 percent in 2016 to $487 million at year-end. Growth included $5.7 million into the firm's mutual funds, the third consecutive year of inflows.
By contrast, the Amana family of mutual funds, which Morningstar says is the largest in U.S. Islamic finance at $2.9 billion of assets, has had three years of investor withdrawals, which it blames partly on the rise of passively managed products.
Laila El-Haddad, who writes about food and Palestinian politics, said Qasem's outspokenness helped draw her to his firm. "Given the choices between two Islamic investment companies," she said, "we would definitely opt for the one taking this approach."
TESTING INVESTORS' FAITH
Funds involved in Islamic finance are sometimes classified as "Sharia-compliant," or adhering to religious precepts such as avoiding investments in alcoholic beverage companies and businesses making or receiving interest payments.
Qasem said he preferred the term "Halal investing," referring to the Arabic word for "permitted" investments.
Islamic finance assets stood at $2 trillion worldwide in 2015, up from $1.7 trillion in 2012, according to the latest Thomson Reuters data.
The much smaller $4.6 billion U.S. Islamic finance sector, however, has grown little in recent years. Only a few institutions, mostly community banks, have significant Islamic lending practices.
Ibrahim Warde, an adjunct professor at Tufts University's Fletcher School, said the slow growth reflected both U.S. regulations that make some Islamic products difficult to offer and some Muslim financial executives' desire to avoid drawing attention, given the public mood.
"There's this question of keeping a low profile,” he said.
Sheraz Iftikhar, managing partner of New York wealth manager Arch Global Advisors, said his clients, who are mainly Muslim, had not changed their investment strategies lately.
"It's too early to see a change in Muslim investor sentiment," said Iftikhar.
Typical of Qasem's recent efforts is a measure that Azzad co-filed in January, calling on Google parent Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O) to adopt "Holy Land Principles" that would lead U.S. companies doing business is Israel to hire more Palestinian Arabs.
Azzad spokesman Joshua Brockwell said Alphabet told the firm it would hold a vote on the measure at its annual meeting.
Azzad has also co-filed a shareholder resolution calling on Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM.N) to disclose more about its spending on lobbying. Brockwell said the oil company would probably oppose the measure, as it did last year.
Spokesmen for Alphabet and Exxon declined to comment.
In addition, Qasem signed on to a Feb. 1 letter from the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility and other groups, urging business leaders to use an upcoming meeting with Trump to speak out against his ban on travelers from a number of Muslim-majority nations. Courts have since blocked the restrictions, and the U.S. Justice Department has appealed the rulings.
While the ban jarred Qasem and some of his clients, he expressed optimism about U.S. economic growth prospects, given Trump's agenda of tax cuts and infrastructure investments. Higher interest rates could also help Azzad's holdings in low-debt companies, he said.
"After all," Qasem said of Trump, "he's a businessman."
(Reporting by Ross Kerber; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
Fireworks explode over the National Mall in Washington on July 4, 2017. / AFP PHOTO / PAUL J. RICHARDS
PAUL J. RICHARDS/AFP/Getty Images
President Donald Trump will watch Fourth of July fireworks from the South Lawn of the White House tonight.
Hundreds of thousands of others will pack the National Mall to see the spectacular show light up the Washington sky.
The fireworks will follow the annual Capitol Fourth concert, which this year will feature Pentatonix, The Temptations and The Beach Boys, among others. John Stamos will return as host and rejoin the Beach Boys on stage.
You can avoid the crowds and watch the fireworks live from wherever you are, in the player above.
The fireworks are expected to begin at 9:09 p.m. ET.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Royal victory! Prince William scored a big win in his longtime campaign for the welfare of elephants and rhinos.
The U.K government announced Friday that it is working towards banning the sales of almost all ivory. Environment Secretary Michael Gove has begun a consultation to end the trade, the BBC reports. It is a change of direction as previous attempts at a ban would have excluded antique ivory produced before 1947. There will be some exemptions, for musical instruments and items of cultural importance.
“The decline in the elephant population fueled by poaching for ivory shames our generation,” Gove said in a statement. “The need for radical and robust action to protect one of the world's most iconic and treasured species is beyond dispute.”
The prince has spoken of his fears that elephants will be gone from the wild by the time his daughter Princess Charlotte turns 25.
“At the current pace of illegal poaching, when Charlotte turns 25, the African elephant will be gone from the wild. I am not prepared to be part of a generation that lets these iconic species disappear from the wild. I am not prepared to explain to our children why we lost this battle when we had the tools to win it,” he said in a passionate speech last year.
William has held top-level talks with former President Barack Obama and President Xi Jinping of China and appealed directly to Chinese consumers on the country's top-rated TV channel to curb demand for ivory in that country.
RELATED VIDEO: Prince William's Secret to Working a Room Like a Boss (or a King!)
His office had no comment because it was a government consultation.
But William did pay tribute this week to the “unrelenting dedication and commitment” of Africa's wildlife heroes, as one of his charities handed out awards to those who protect endangered species.
William, who is royal patron of Tusk, told an audience in Cape Town, South Africa, via video link, “I worry a great deal that our generation is not meeting our moral obligation to leave this planet in better shape than we inherited it. Our children and grandchildren will not thank us if we fail in our duty to reverse the decline in so many species.”
© REUTERS/ Toru Hanai Pentagon Chief Mattis to Start First Europe Trip With Visit to NATO HQ in Brussels
"No longer can the American taxpayer carry a disproportionate share of the defence of Western values," Mattis said as quoted by AFP in prepared remarks given to his counterparts at NATO headquarters in Brussels.
"If your nations do not want to see America moderate its commitment to this alliance, each of your capitals need to show support for our common defence."
Earlier in the day, US Secretary of Defense James Mattis said NATO remained "a fundamental bedrock" for Washington and the transatlantic community.
The alliance remains a fundamental bedrock for the United States and for all the transatlantic community, bonded as we are together. As President [Donald] Trump has stated, he has strong support for NATO," Mattis said at a press conference.
During his presidential election campaign, Trump has repeatedly declared that NATO has become obsolete and threatened to decrease support of those European NATO states, who fail to fulfill their obligations as part of the military alliance, particularly in the sphere of defense spending.
© AFP 2016/ CLAUS FISKER / SCANPIX DENMARK UK Defense Secretary Urges NATO States to Increase Defense Spending
UK Prime Minister Theresa May managed to secure a commitment from Donald Trump that he will fully support NATO.
During a press conference on January 27, as the UK PM was the first foreign minister to visit Trump at the White House, she was able to get the US president to stand behind the military alliance, which contradicts his views that NATO is "obsolete" which he expressed in the run-up to the US election.
NATO allies should carry their proportionate share of the cost for the alliance's defense, the US secretary of defense said.
"It's a fair demand that all who benefit from the best defense in the world carry their proportionate share of the necessary cost to defend freedom and we should never forget that ultimately it is freedom that we defend here at NATO," Mattis told reporters.
The World Super 6 will have a distinct English flavour this summer after 2016 Masters champion Danny Willett became the latest player to confirm his appearance at the Perth golf tournament.
Former world No.1 Lee Westwood and world No.16 Tyrrell Hatton are other high-profile Englishmen who have already signed up for the February 8-11 event.
Australian Brett Rumford will return to defend his crown, with organisers hopeful of luring a big fish from the PGA Tour to further bolster the event's star power.
Jordan Spieth looked to have last year's Masters in the bag after taking a five-shot lead into the final nine holes.
But a meltdown allowed Willett to come storming home to snare victory.
Willett's ranking has since slumped to 100th after missing eight cuts from 21 tournaments in 2017.
The 30-year-old, who was once the world No.9, said he was looking forward to competing at the unique event at Lake Karrinyup.
The Super 6 features 54 holes of traditional stroke play across the first three days before switching to a knockout match play format for the final round.
During that final round, the top 24 players will battle it out in a series of six-hole shootouts.
Rumford was the standout performer throughout the four rounds during the inaugural tournament, and he is looking forward to returning.
"I have wanted to win a big title at home for a long time," Rumford said.
"To get across the line at the World Super 6 Perth this year was very special to me.
"The format is definitely interesting and it's nice to hold a little slice of golf history as the inaugural champion.
"I am really looking forward to defending my title next year."
FILE PHOTO: A customer passes by an L Brands Inc., Victoria's Secret retail store in Manhattan, New York, U.S., May 13, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
SAN FRANCISCO Shares of U.S. shopping-mall retailers bounced back on Thursday after L Brands, the owner of Victoria's Secret, reported a smaller-than-expected decline in March sales.
L Brands, which also owns Bath & Body Works and Henri Bendel, jumped 11.02 percent after it said same-store sales dropped 10 percent but noted that as much as 3 percentage points of that was due to the Easter holiday falling in April this year.
Many stores benefit from gift shopping at Easter, which was in March last year.
L Brands' sales raised hopes that slumping sales may be hitting a floor in the brick-and-mortar retail industry, said Kelly Halsor, an analyst at Buckingham Research.
"Sentiment was so negative and L Brands was a perfect example," Halsor said. "People were thinking it would be much worse."
Mall traffic is dwindling across the United States, and thousands of stores are closing as consumers spend more at Amazon.com and other online clothing sellers like London-based Asos.
"The No. 1 issue is mall traffic and that's largely a reflection of sales shifting online," said Wedbush analyst Morry Brown. But he does not think it is time to start buying shares of apparel retailers, he added.
Also on Thursday, Bed Bath & Beyond jumped 3.39 percent in its best session since December after it reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit.
Apparel retailers also rose, with Nordstrom up 2.95 percent, Kohl's adding 5.55 percent, Gap Inc jumping 5.02 percent, and Bebe Stores rising 4.46 percent.
L Brands' stock remains down 27 percent in 2017 and Kohl's has fallen 20 percent. Bed Bath & Beyond has dropped 20 percent in the past 12 months.
Reflecting concerns about L Brands' future, the stock recently traded at 13 times expected earnings, the lowest since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters Datastream.
(Reporting by Noel Randewich; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Richard Chang)
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house Pause
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
4:07 Gamecocks react after loss to UConn
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold his house, here's what it looks like
1:43 Donald Trump's greatest South Carolina hits in 90 seconds
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
Ireland set up a must-win playoff decider against Wales with a 2-0 win over Moldova on Friday after a brace from striker Daryl Murphy kept them in contention for a place at next year's World Cup in Russia.
Ireland, who led Group D early on before three points in their previous four games pushed them back to third place, trail Wales by a point ahead of the decider against their near neighbours in Cardiff on Monday.
Wales' victory in Georgia earlier on Friday meant nothing but three points would do Ireland and Martin O'Neil's side got off to the perfect start when Stephen Ward's long throw caused panic in the box and Murphy opened the scoring after less than two minutes.
If Moldova could have defended better for the first goal, they could do little for the second 17 minutes later when a sweeping Wes Hoolahan pass found Ward whose cross was met by the retreating Murphy, looping a long-range header over Ilie Cebanu.
Shane Long should have twice extended the advantage and at the other end Sergiu Platica almost scored one of the goals of the qualifiers when his left-footed half volley from outside the box was acrobatically tipped over by Darren Randolph.
Ireland, who had only scored twice at home in their previous four qualifying games, were unable to add to the advantage as the Moldovans almost made a game of it in the second half.
But they never seriously came close to threatening the hosts' goal before Alexandru Gatcan was sent off in injury time for a head-butt as Irish thoughts turned to Cardiff and the hope of being one of eight best runners-up.
“We knew what we needed to do in this game and happily we did it,” Ireland's Callum O'Dowda, who impressed in his first international start, said in a pitchside interview.
Both Ireland and Wales could still technically top the group after leaders Serbia failed to wrap up automatic qualification following a 3-2 loss to Austria. They remain one point clear of Wales ahead of their final game at home to Georgia.
News of the hospitalization of a man and woman believed to have been poisoned in the town of Amesbury, England under mysterious circumstances have prompted some British media to immediately start speculating that Russia was to blame, despite police insistence that there is no evidence to that effect.
A UK police source has told Sputnik that British law enforcement have no information to link the Amesbury suspected poisoning of a couple in their 40s to the widely publicized Skripal poisoning case, which took place in neighboring Salisbury in March.
The source said he felt that the media's response to the Amesbury incident has already been "excessive," adding that the investigation will continue and that the public will be informed based on the statements of police pending further developments. Police statements made to other media have been similarly conservative, emphasizing that they remain "open-minded" about the cause of the incident, and that further tests of the substance that poisoned the couple would continue.
British Tabloids: Russians Did It
However, despite police uncertainty, and just a few hours after the story broke, newspapers began comparing Amesbury to the Skripal case, whose poisoning the UK media and British government blamed on Russia, despite the fact that no evidence of Moscow's involvement has ever been presented.
The Sun's coverage may be the most blatantly accusation, running with the headline "POISON RIDDLE: Amesbury pair could've been poisoned with SAME nerve agent used on Skripals – as terror cops brought in." The newspaper spent much of its coverage of the Amesbury case talking about the Skripals, and even included a picture of a devious-looking Vladimir Putin, whom The Sun had accused just a day earlier of harboring a "two-man hit team" it claimed poisoned the Russian ex-spy and his daughter.
© Photo: the sun/screenshot Screengrab of The Sun's take on the Amesbury incident.
The Mirror too immediately jumped on the 'Skripal 2.0' bandwagon, categorizing the Amesbury news under its "Sergei Skripal" subsection, and even resorting to misquoting comments by Wiltshire Police Commissioner Angus Macpherson, who told the BBC that he had "no reason to think" the Amesbury incident was connected to the Skripal case. Instead, the Mirror paraphrased Macpherson as saying "there's present indication that the incident in Amesbury is connected to the Skripal case at present…"
© Photo: mirror/screenshot Screengrab showing the Mirror's misquote of Commissioner Angus Macpherson's comments.
The Daily Express ran a similarly sensationalist headline: "Wiltshire major incident: Could this be another nerve agent attack like Salisbury?" and spent much of their article talking about the Skripal investigation. Last but not least was The Daily Mail, which mentioned the Skripals over a dozen times in its piece, including in the headline, and filled the story out with photos and video of Sergei and Yulia, along with a handy map of the region showing Amesbury's proximity to Salisbury.
© Photo: express/sreenshot Snap of The Express's approach to the story.
Readers Not Buying It
However, judging by reader commentary, UK tabloid readers weren't impressed by coverage of Amesbury. The top rated comments in The Daily Mail called the story an "overreaction" to a likely drugs case, or a "fake news story" to "wrongly blame the Russians to divert from [the government's] EU-friendly agenda…"
"So you want to blame the Russians again? Or take a good look at the security of your own chemical warfare lab in the town," one reader recommended, pointing to the presence of the Porton Down chemical weapons facility 8 kilometers up the road from Amesbury.
CC BY-SA 2.0 / Sebastian Ballard Entrance to secure facilities at Porton Down
Daily Express readers honed in on the fact that the paper, like others, made no reference to Porton Down. "If you mean another staged event, then yes, highly likely!!!" one reader quipped, responding to the provocative question in the paper's headline.
© AP Photo / Matt Dunham UK Counter-Terrorism Police Join Probe Into Alleged Wiltshire Poisoning
Mirror readers were similarly skeptical. "Here we go again. The police aren't sure whether a crime has been committed, yet the media and security services are trying to link this with the Skripal incident; by the way Sergei and Yulia Skripal made a 'miraculous recovery' and haven't been seen in public since leaving the hospital. Which is to say this isn't just a diversionary tactic to give the government breathing space over their own problems with things such as the state of our NHS and Brexit and a divided government," Notbeingfooled wrote.
But tabloids weren't the only ones to jump to conclusions before any of the facts were known. Papers, news sites and television networks from The Guardian and The Evening Standard to NBC News, CNN, The Washington Post, The Globe and Mail and the The Australian all went with just slightly more muted variations of the tabloids' aggressive attempt to connect Amesbury to the Skripal case.
Russian ex-military intelligence agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter were found unconscious on a bench at a shopping mall in the town of Salisbury on March 4 after being exposed to what UK experts claimed was the A234 nerve agent.
Just days after the incident, Prime Minister Theresa May declared that it was "highly likely" that Russia was responsible for the poisoning, but presented no evidence to substantiate her claims. The allegations pushed London and its allies into a diplomatic spat with Moscow, leading to the expulsion of dozens of diplomats by both sides. In April, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov stressed that Russia had not been provided with any evidence of involvement in the alleged poisoning. In May, President Putin said Skripal would be dead if he had been poisoned with a weapons-grade toxic agent. Yulia Skripal and her father were discharged from the hospital in April and May and taken to an undisclosed location.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
by
With over 20,000 collective followers on our team's social media outlets, we're in a unique position to assist with both creating awareness of a prospect's skill set and recent on-floor performance. From crisp recruiting updates to updated in-season stats to a potential last-minute change in schedule that needs to be conveyed socially, this package allows the player to control the information available to the public about their game.
Become an #SMPMember: Click the Logo Below
John Newman (Greensboro, N.C.), Greensboro Day
Height: 6'4″
Position: Guard
Committed College: Undecided
Star Grade:
BrandonClayScouting.com Player Evaluations
Date: December 22, 2016
Evaluator: Jonathan Hemingway
Location: Chick-fil-A Classic (Columbia, S.C.)
Newman played the role of a combo-guard this weekend. He showed strength and ball skill. He finished at the rim effectively, however he could find a rhythm scoring eight points on 3-7 shooting. He added 7 rebounds in a win over Gray Collegiate Academy.
Date: June 11, 2016
Evaluator: Brandon Clay
Location: Nike Elite 100 Camp (St. Louis, Mo.)
Newman has quick rise off of the floor from the off guard position. The left-hand dominant wing didn't showcase an elite specialty in this setting. Classmate Keldon Johnson was able to get downhill on a couple of occasions against Newman.
Date: June 10, 2016
Evaluator: Jonathan Hemingway
Location: Nike Elite 100 Camp (St. Louis, Mo.)
Newman is a left handed wing with length and bounce. He did a nice job of moving the ball on the wing and also hitting the open shot. His long arms lend itself to be a great defender.
Highlights of Newman courtesy of the Hoops Column
Brandon Clay is the owner of Peach State Basketball, Inc., and BrandonClayScouting.com. He serves as the Executive Camp Director for the Elite Basketball Academy Camps. Clay is a McDonald's All-American Game Selection Committee member. He also votes on the Naismith Trophy Men's / Women's College Player of the Year Academy and is the HS Boys / Girls All-American Team Board of Selectors Chairperson. He has been involved in the community since 2001. You can reach Clay at BrandonClay@PeachStateBasketball.com
Jonathan Hemingway is a National Evaluator for the OTRHoopsReport. Hemingway serves on the Board of Selectors for the Naismith Trophy. also He is also the publisher of CoachHemi.com. He has been involved in the community since 1996 as a coach, camp director and evaluator. You can reach him via email at JonathanHemingway@PeachStateBasketball.com and follow him on Twitter @JLHemingwayPSB
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. - For the first time, Whitehead Institute scientists have documented a direct link between deletions in two genes--fam57ba and doc2a--in zebrafish and certain brain and body traits, such as seizures, hyperactivity, enlarged head size, and obesity.
"Finding the molecular connections between a brain and a body phenotype is indeed really paradigm shifting," says Whitehead Institute Member Hazel Sive, who is also a professor of biology at MIT. "It lets us think about the common control of these two aspects of phenotype, which is very interesting and could be useful for developing therapies for these phenotypes."
Both genes reside in the 16p11.2 region of human chromosome 16. About 1 in 2000, or around 4 million people worldwide, have deletions in this region, and these deletions are associated with multiple brain and body symptoms, including autism spectrum disorders, developmental delay, intellectual disability, seizures, and obesity.
Scientists have had difficulty teasing apart the relationship between specific traits and deletions in this region, because it includes at least 25 genes, and because there is not a one-to-one mapping of gene to phenotype. Instead, multiple genes seem to create a web of interactions that produce a variety of characteristics.
To solve such a complex puzzle, Jasmine McCammon, a postdoctoral researcher in Sive's lab, enlisted the zebrafish as a "living test tube". The Sive group uses zebrafish to study the genetic/phenotype connections associated with human disorders. Like the human genome, the zebrafish genome has two copies of each gene, and scientists can remove the function of multiple genes to produce phenotypes that are reminiscent of human symptoms.
The results from McCammon's initial screen with zebrafish indicate that two genes in the 16p11.2 region could be key for brain development: fam57ba and doc2a. (fam57b encodes a 'ceramide synthase' that makes a kind of lipid, and doc2a encodes a regulator of secretion.) McCammon investigated further by deleting one copy of fam57ba and doc2a individually; the effect was minimal. However, simultaneously removing a copy of both genes revealed significant synergy between them. Compared with controls, fish with only one copy of each gene exhibit hyperactivity, increased propensity for seizures, increased body and head size, and fat content. When both copies of only fam57ba are removed, the fish are much larger and with a higher fat content. All of the study's results are published in the journal Human Molecular Genetics.
Although her findings use zebrafish and are far from the clinic, McCammon was struck by how much people affected by deletions in this genome identified with her results.
"When I spoke with the parents of some kids with neurodevelopmental disorders, I was surprised how much the brain/body connection that we described resonated with them," she says. "They said that yes, their child has autism, but he also has really weak muscle tone. Or she has a gastrointestinal problem and that's been more problematic than her behavior issues. For me, it's been really revealing to talk to people who've actually experienced this as opposed to reading about statistics in journals."
The mechanisms underlying this brain/body connection are still not well understood. One of the identified genes, fam57ba, provides some intriguing hints as to how metabolism and brain function could be intertwined, because it produces an enzyme that plays a role in lipid production and is believed to be a metabolic regulator. The lipid type, ceramide, also has a functional role in various signaling pathways and affects synaptic function, although its primary role is not in the synapse, but providing structure in cell membranes.
For Sive, the two identified genes could be just the beginning. "Our data suggest that there may be metabolic genes involved in human neurodevelopmental disorders," she says. "This is a nascent field, that we're very interested in going forward."
###
This work was supported by Jim and Pat Poitras, Len and Ellen Polaner, and the Markell-Balkin-Weinberg Postdoctoral Fellowship.
Hazel Sive's primary affiliation is with Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research, where her laboratory is located and all her research is conducted. She is also a professor of biology at Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Full Citation:
"The 16p11.2 homologs fam57ba and doc2a generate certain brain and body phenotypes"
Human Molecular Genetics, Volume 26, Issue 19, 1 October 2017.
Jasmine M. McCammon(1), Alicia Blaker-Lee(1), Xiao Chen(2), and Hazel Sive (1,2).
1. Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA
2. Department of Biology, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Dr. Binoy Kampmark: It's to do with the nature of the beleaguered world; it's essentially the fact that there is a state of crisis. You have to remember the nature of politics now, in terms of its populism, in terms of the messages [which are] attractive in electoral matters, are demonstrated very well by Mr. Putin. I think you just have to look across at the United States' example with the message coming across with Mr. Trump then, how he won in 2016 and also the matters of crisis associated [with that]. Be it, for example, with nuclear matters with North Korea, be it example with security matters, and be it of course in Russia's own sense that Russia is designated as the villain, if you like, in any political instances, be it by the EU, be it by the US, be it by other powers. So it's not surprising that in this particular case, Mr. Putin has done rather well, because in a sense it's been cultivated to suit him too, even by other powers.
Sputnik: Now the international community and the Western media were quick to denounce the vote, well I suppose that's been predictable in terms of the reaction; do you think there would be attempts to undermine the results of the election?
Dr. Binoy Kampmark: Well, there've always been and there is always going to be, of course, criticism about the nature of the results. I don't think, I think we just have to face the facts that in order to have brought the result into doubt, you would have to have had, a closer race where candidates had actually have gotten a certain share, and that simply was not going to happen. And yes, of course, there were irregularities and I think virtually even certain individuals in the Russian context will admit that, independent election monitoring group Gollus, for example, has noted various irregularities. These are the sorts of things that count in close elections but in the scheme of things it would have been hard to have envisaged something more significant in terms of those irregularities.
Sputnik: What are your thoughts about how this relationship between these superpowers can come to any sort of harmony? It's a very-very big question and it doesn't seem there is a possible way forward at the moment, is there?
Dr. Binoy Kampmark: We have to look at the perspective of the United States, that you have a president who is actually more sympathetic to Mr. Putin than is comforting, even, for many of his inner circle, and certainly for some of the members of cabinet. That when it comes to the agenda, in terms of how it's going to be set, it's going to be at loggerheads, whether it be, for example, the latest Skripal case, or about how it plays out with relations. But the fact that Putin is there, the fact that he is a strong man, as it were, means that people have to deal with him whether they like him or not, and the fact that he's made such an impression; the Russian influence in Syria, the fact that he is going to be a very important figure in the Northern Korean, South Korean and US discussion as well, not to mention China's role. Many things are set to happen in which he has to play a role; that's undeniable whether people like him or not, its undeniable that he is going to be a crucial figure in the negotiations.
Sputnik: Trump, as you alluded to, is possibly pro-Putin, but he's surrounded by anti-Russian executives within his administration now. It all sounds very-very negative in terms of the way things are going forward. We've also got Mr. Trump boxed in by this Mueller investigation continuing to move forward or it doesn't seem to be an ounce of that evidence. How it that going to further exacerbate the situation? It's fascinating in many ways but it's very-very concerning in the other direction, isn't it?
Dr. Binoy Kampmark: I think the issue is simply how these particular individuals politically will survive, and I suppose Mr. Putin has demonstrated very clearly that he is an individual who is a survivor. He has worked and has an intimate knowledge of politics to the point of admiration, even by his detractors. The reality of it is that even in the context of the US there is instability; that's the contrast, if you like, that Putin can demonstrate that he is very much in control of the reins and power whereas of course in the context of the White House it's a more complicated, tumultuous road ahead. So at a certain juncture, Mr. Trump and Mr. Putin will probably see eye-to-eye and do something on certain points. But the problem is the internal dynamics of US politics; [according to] the executives within and also within congress and within generally the US political scene Putin is anathema. He simply does not, you know, fit in the mold of a figure that they feel they can get on with, and, of course, he plays on this very well. His demonstration there, his discussion about indestructible nuclear weapons that could penetrate any missile shield, is a demonstration of that very point.
Sputnik: Now that Russia's new military advances have been disclosed by Mr. Putin, will that change the landscape from your point of view, especially when it comes to the relationship that Moscow has with the United States? Are we taking about the beginning of a new arms race?
Dr. Binoy Kampmark: What's happening now is, of course, Mr. Putin aimed very cleverly into this model of a more militarist world and making Russian security more apt with these weapons. But they were in the pipeline for a long time, and anyone who's a watcher of this sort of thing would be aware that Russia is [doing this alongside] some other states: China and the United States. They are all involved in a modernizing drive that is making them more sophisticated weapons and placing less of an emphasis on the reduction of warheads and more on the modernization of forces. This is a theme that you'll see not just from Russia but also from the United States and other powers that have nuclear weapons.
The views expressed in this article are solely those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect the official position of Sputnik.
Music Live Review: A Magical Edinburgh Launch by In the Pink By
As a visiting student whose time is wrapping up in Oxford, I've started to think back on all the moments that I'll remember most from my short eight-week stint here. Will it be my fourteenth essay of the term or my twentieth formal hall? Probably not. But amongst the memories that keep coming to mind is one that I didn't expect to seek out in Oxford – an a cappella show. I know you're probably rolling your eyes because everyone you know is in some kind of a cappella group nowadays, but the Fantastic Beasts & Where to Find Them performance by In The Pink was really more than your average gig. From the music, to the atmosphere, to the sense of community, this group embodied the best of collegiate arts and should be supported proudly by the Oxford community. Now they are raising funds to perform at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival, and I encourage all of you to chip in to help them best represent our campus music scene.
So how good was this show anyway? Let's start with the atmosphere. After hearing of the performance from a fellow student in Keble, I decided to make the long trek to The Mad Hatter. Not knowing what to expect, I was warmly greeted upon entry by the group of performers wearing their snappy pink jackets. The small venue was warm and inviting, and the bar offered a wide range of wacky drinks to go along with the Harry Potter theme. By the time the music started, the room was tightly filled and buzzing with energy from the eclectic mix of students, parents, and locals. These women were clearly professional and knew how to run an event that was just as much about the ambiance as it was about the vocals.
Then came the top notch performance. With acts at the beginning, middle, and end of the open mic session, In The Pick commanded the stage with a superb set list that showed off the very best of their entire crew. Solo performances from their newest members added character to the event, giving the audience a chance to see the group's unique personality. And in an unexpected twist, their open mic sessions brought forward a diverse set of performers from both the university and the community. They ultimately struck the perfect balance of showing off their vocal talent, while also giving the event a uniquely communal flair.
I could ramble on about how much I appreciated all of the effort that clearly went into planning the event, but the obvious point is that these women really care about their small, yet spunky group. We should be proud of the work they put forward to make our community an even more vibrant place. Do make sure to catch one of their performances before your time on campus comes to an end, and I strongly encourage you to contribute to their Edinburgh Fringe Festival performance so that they can represent the best of Oxford's musical life.
You can check out the Fantastic Beats and Where To Find Them music video, and donate to the girls' crowdfund here: https://somerville.hubbub.net/p/inthepink-edfringe/supporters/
Bitcoin futures contracts have reached over $18,000. The futures are believed to further increase its value and result in wider acceptance of the cryptocurrency on the financial market.
Contracts soared during the first of hours of trading as bitcoin made its debut on the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE).
Trading in the first-ever bitcoin futures began at $15,000 and at 1:30 a.m. central time (7:30 GMT) on Sunday and the future contracts that expire in January were trading at $18,590, according to CBOE's data.
Bitcoin up $2k since futures launch. On pace for $20k by the time I wake up tomorrow. #Blessed — Ramp Capital♿️ (@RampCapitalLLC) 11 декабря 2017 г.
​The CBOE futures do not involve actual bitcoins, but are securities that will track movements in its price on Gemini, one of the largest cryptocurrency exchanges.
LOL. For those that believe Wall Street is going to "short #Bitcoin into oblivion," consider that in the first minute of futures trading, BTC surged $1,400. TRUST ME, Wall Street will be as net long BTC as they are net short gold! — Andy Hoffman (#HODL) (@Andy_Hoffman_CG) 11 декабря 2017 г.
On the first day of trading at @Cboe in 1973 911 options traded. First day of $VIX futures in 2004 saw 461 contracts traded. 3 hours into the first #bitcoin futures session and volume is just over 1000 contracts. — Russell Rhoads (@RussellRhoads) 11 декабря 2017 г.
​The start of trading overwhelmed the CBOE website. The exchange warned that its website was running slow and might be temporarily unavailable, but trading was not disrupted.
Due to heavy traffic on our website, visitors to https://t.co/jb3O722hoo may find that it is performing slower than usual and may at times be temporarily unavailable. All trading systems are operating normally. — Cboe (@CBOE) 10 декабря 2017 г.
​Another large futures exchange, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, will start trading its own bitcoin futures on December 18.
The start of futures is likely to open bitcoin to additional market players.
READ MORE: 'New Standard of Value': Why There is a Real Place for Bitcoin in Global Economy
"The launch of futures traded on a regulated exchange is a watershed for bitcoin – testing infrastructure that will make it easier for legions of professional traders and mainstream investors to bet on the cryptocurrency's rise or fall, potentially helping to steer its price," Bloomberg reported.
In 2017, Bitcoin has been on the rise, from below $1,000 at the beginning of the year to hitting a peak of $18,000 on December 7.
LONDON (Reuters) - British buyout firm Bridgepoint has mandated Rothschild to sell the residential care business of Care UK, four financial sources familiar with the matter said.
Private equity backers have been ubiquitous in Britain's care homes sector. Another British private equity firm Terra Firma had to write down its investment in Four Seasons, one of the country's biggest care home operators.
But Care UK's care homes had a much higher proportion of beds paid for privately by residents and was therefore less reliant on government spending, sources said.
“Care UK has a very good portfolio of assets and its new care homes are pretty good,” one of the sources said, adding that private equity and infrastructure funds had shown interest.
Bridgepoint and Rothschild declined to comment.
The private equity backer of fast food chain Pret A Manger delisted and acquired Care UK in 2010 in a 414 million pound deal, financed by a 250 million pound high yield bond.
A healthcare division of the group is not part of the sale, sources said. Bridgepoint had sold parts of the business since, and several sources said it was too soon to estimate a valuation.
In the year ending September 2017, the residential care division accounted for 32.9 million pounds of earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) and 300.7 million pounds of annual revenue.
Care UK's entire EBITDA was 38.7 million pounds on a revenue of 658 million pounds, according to its website.
Care UK operates 118 care homes with close to 8,000 beds.
On its website, Bridgepoint says Care UK enjoys long-term opportunities in residential and social care underpinned by favourable trends in healthcare outsourcing and the demands placed on health systems by an ageing population and higher expectations from the public.
Care UK could be at risk of a higher wage bill, if Britain's plan to leave the European Union results in fewer European healthcare workers competing for jobs.
With two medical cannabis dispensaries now selling products, the Hawaii Department of Health is bracing for a surge of patients signing up for the state's medical cannabis registry.
"With other states that have similar size programs, we've seen up to a 50% increase in the first year. We've had for our program, from inception to date, about a steady 20% per year, so we're expecting at least 20%, up to 50%," said Scottina Ruis, coordinator for the state's medical cannabis registry program.
More than 18,000 patients have now joined the state's medical cannabis registry.
"They see a light at the end of the tunnel. It has been a long road since 2000 to today, where we have an opportunity for patients to actually get their medicine from a licensed dispensary with products that have been tested by a laboratory," explained Ruis.
Most of the patients, about 38%, live on the Big Island. A growing number, however, roughly 29%, reside on Oahu.
"We do see the beginning of a possible trend that shows more growth happening on Oahu," said Ruis.
The state has managed to bring the turnaround time for applicants down to 3 to 5 business days.
"At the high end, when we got the program initially, the process was an entirely paper application process, so a lot of different functions for staff. I think high end of turnaround time was 6 to 8 weeks," said Ruis.
There are four full-time employees and three more will be added by the end of the year.
"We've only got so many live bodies and we're doing our best to keep up with the demand and hopefully, we can stay ahead of that," said Ruis.
SEDGWICK COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating a fatal hit and run accident and have made an arrest.
Just before 9:30 p.m. Monday, first police responded to report of an injury accident in the 5200 Block of East Kellogg in Wichita, according to officer Charley Davidson.
Investigators determined that an eastbound BMW 3-series struck a 22-year-old man in the roadway. The victim, a known homeless man in that area, died of his injuries, according to Davidson.
The driver of the BMW fled the scene. At 2:30 a.m. Tuesday a 20-year-old man contacted offices at the Wichita Patrol East substation, according to Davidson. Officers determined he was involved in the fatal accident and was booked him on requested charges of felony hit and run and driving with a revoked license, according to Davidson.
Police have not located the BMW with front end damage involved in the crash. Anyone with information on the incident or who sees the car is asked to contact Wichita Police.
AMMAN — As the International Criminal Court (ICC) said on Monday it would refer Jordan to the UN Security Council for not arresting Sudanese President Omar Al Bashir when he visited the Kingdom earlier this year, the government said Monday it was looking into all legal and political options to deal with the decision.
The Foreign Ministry's Spokesperson Mohammad Kayed said the government was studying the decision and that it did not take into account the immunity given to presidents, the Jordan News Agency, Petra, reported.
The decision was a form of discrimination against Jordan, he added, claiming that it had legal loopholes.
The ICC issued arrest warrants for Bashir in 2009 and 2010 over his alleged role in war crimes including genocide in Sudan's Darfur province.
Jordan, as a member of the ICC, is obliged to carry out its arrest warrants, Reuters reported on Monday.
A source, who preferred not to be named, said Jordan did not receive anything officially from the ICC.
"Presidents have immunity according to international law," the source told The Jordan Times on Monday, adding that "the Arab League charter stipulates that we invite all presidents," the source added.
In March this year, Bashir attended the 28th Arab summit that was held on the eastern shores of the Dead Sea. He was invited by Jordan for the annual gathering of Arab leaders. Jordan then announced its abidance of the Arab Charter regarding the attendance of the Arab summit.
Sudan is not a member of the Hague-based permanent international war crimes court, and the ICC therefore does not have automatic jurisdiction to investigate alleged war crimes there, according to
Reuters.
However, the UN Security Council referred the case to the international court in March 2005. The Security Council has the power to impose sanctions for a failure to cooperate with the ICC, but has so far not acted on court referrals.
Bashir is accused by ICC prosecutors of five counts of crimes against humanity including murder, extermination, forcible transfer torture and rape, as well as two counts of war crimes for attacking civilians and pillaging. He faces three counts of genocide allegedly committed against the Fur, Masalit and Zaghawa ethnic groups in Darfur, Sudan, from 2003 to 2008. Sudan rejected such allegations as groundless.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – On Tuesday, The New York Times newspaper reported, pointing at phone records and intercepted calls, that members of Trump's presidential campaign and several associates contacted Russian intelligence services and members of the government.
"The issue is what this proves yet again, what we spoke of before. Intra-US bargaining, games are taking place. You can call it anything you want," Zakharova told a briefing.
Donald Trump has repeatedly refuted reports about having any relations with Russia
He has been calling for a political dialogue with Moscow, particularly in regards to the fight against terrorism, and expressed readiness to build positive relations with Russia. Moscow has long been promoting the idea of fruitful cooperation with Washington.
After the leaders' phone talks on January 28, the Kremlin and Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said the presidents had noted the importance of respect in relations.
(Adds detail from paragraph three)
HAMBURG May 2 Swiss commodities trading group ECOM has received approval from German cartel authorities to purchase German cocoa grinder Euromar Commodities GmbH which declared insolvency in December, Euromar's insolvency administrator said on Tuesday.
Production at Euromar's plant at Fehrbellin near Berlin could resume in coming days, the administrator, Rolf Rattunde, said in a statement.
A sale contract for Euromar's factory, equipment and site had been signed and approved by Euromar's creditors in March but German cartel authorities had to approve the purchase.
"This contract has now been approved by the federal cartel office and so the final hurdle for the takeover has been removed," Rattunde said.
ECOM is a supplier of commodities to chocolate manufacturers, coffee roasters and cotton mills, the company's website says, with cocoa trading operations and processing plants in the Netherlands, Malaysia and Mexico.
Euromar had suffered liquidity problems caused by exchange rate fluctuations in the British pound, in which cocoa is traded in, and swings in cocoa prices.
U.S. parent company Transmar Commodity Group Ltd also filed for bankruptcy protection in December.
German traders estimate Euromar's Fehrbellin cocoa grinding plant can crush 150 tonnes of beans a day, which with full 365- day production means around 54,700 tonnes a year. Germany grinds about 400,000 tonnes of cocoa annually.
Euromar's problems were a factor causing a sudden fall in European cocoa grindings in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Euromar has never given official production figures.
Euromar had turnover of 980 million euros ($1.07 billion) in 2015, Rattunde said. ($1 = 0.9163 euros) (Reporting by Michael Hogan; editing by Jason Neely and Louise Heavens)
Today Mostly sunny, with a high near 89. South wind 6 to 11 mph.
Tonight A 30 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms, mainly after 1am. Partly cloudy, with a low around 69. South southeast wind 7 to 10 mph.
Tuesday A 20 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms. Partly sunny, with a high near 90. South southeast wind 6 to 13 mph, with gusts as high as 20 mph.
Tuesday Night A 40 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 70. South wind 9 to 13 mph, with gusts as high as 22 mph.
Wednesday A 30 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms. Partly sunny, with a high near 88. South wind 6 to 9 mph becoming north northwest in the afternoon.
Wednesday Night A 20 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms before 1am. Partly cloudy, with a low around 65.
Thursday Mostly sunny, with a high near 88.
Thursday Night A 50 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 66.
Friday A 40 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms before 1pm. Mostly sunny, with a high near 87.
Friday Night A 20 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms. Partly cloudy, with a low around 66.
Saturday Mostly sunny, with a high near 87.
Saturday Night A 20 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms. Partly cloudy, with a low around 67.
Sunday A 20 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms. Mostly sunny, with a high near 90.
"This topic will not be discussed, because it cannot be discussed. Russia does not discuss issues related to its territory with foreign partners," Peskov told reporters.
Russian President Vladimir Putin, in his telephone conversation with US leader Donald Trump on January 28, did not address the issue of Crimea, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov added.
"No, [the issue] was not raised," Peskov told reporters.
On Tuesday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Trump expected Russia to de-escalate the situation in eastern Ukraine and return Crimea to Ukraine.
On February 14, the White House spokesman said that US President Donald Trump expects Russia to "return Crimea" to Ukraine.
"President Trump has made it very clear that he expects the Russian government to deescalate violence in Ukraine and return Crimea," White House spokesman Sean Spicer said at a daily news briefing. "At the same time, he fully expects to and wants to get along with Russia."
Crimea rejoined Russia after a 2014 referendum, when almost 97 percent of the region's population voted for the reunification. Sevastopol, which has a federal city status, supported the move by 95.6 percent of votes.
During the election campaign Trump claimed he would "consider" recognizing Crimea as part of Russia following the referendum in the peninsula, adding that the Crimeans wanted to live in Russia.
Commenting on the White House statement, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said that Russia does not intend to return Crimea to Kiev.
"We do not return our territories. Crimea is Russian territory," Zakharova said at a weekly briefing, reaffirming Moscow's longstanding position that the issue is permanently closed.
April 3 Erne Ventures SA:
* Said on Saturday sold 380 shares in Super Liquid sp. z o.o. for 3,800 zlotys ($958), 130 shares in NanoStal-Procesy sp. z o.o for 7,800 zlotys, 873 shares in Graphene Solutions sp. z o.o. for 4,365 zlotys and 900,000 shares in Copernicus Yachts SA for 46,800 zlotys
* At present the company does not own any shares in the above companies
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9649 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
JON Sanders — that magnificent old man of the sea — is finally home.
After his 10th solo circumnavigation — yes, 10th — the man considered our greatest living sailor will be met next Sunday in a hero's welcome organised by his long-time benefactor, the Royal Perth Yacht Club.
It will be 15 months and 24,844 nautical miles since the quiet, quirky 78-year-old left Carnarvon aboard Perie Banou II , a slightly bigger version of the famed S&S34 of the same name he sailed twice around the globe in 1982.
The Sunday Times this week jumped aboard to chat with the former shearer as the 13m sloop slowly bobbed and slid its way towards the mouth of the Swan.
Camera Icon Jon Sanders sailing home.
Fit as a flea with no major health concerns from his passage — apart from some broken ribs when he fell down a ramp ashore in Cape Town — Sanders politely fields eager questions about his extraordinary adventures in a typical nonchalant manner as though he really hasn't done much at all.
Perie Banou II did a lot of running with the steady 15-18 knot Trade Winds that prevail in a wide band north and south of the Equator.
After leaving WA in November 2016, he sailed west via Mauritius, Cape Town, St Helena and the British Virgin Islands, then through the Panama Canal and into the Pacific to French Polynesia.
That was the longest leg at almost two months.
Camera Icon Yachting legend Jon Sanders on board SV Perie Banou II.
From there, he sailed through the Cook Islands to New Caledonia and then hit mainland Australia, down to Tasmania, before eventually heading across the Great Australian Bight, around Cape Leeuwin and then north to Fremantle.
His favourite part of this trip was in and around Society Islands, Bora Bora and Tahiti as it “is so spectacular, so exotic and so wonderful,” before he quickly adds; “Rottnest was still better.”
“At least I know how to get in and out of the place,” he chuckled. Indeed, Sanders said one of the most difficult part of any voyage was often trying to decipher the safest passage into port, as there were many factors to consider, some beyond your control.
There were, of course, a couple of hairy moments that he would have preferred not to have found himself in, such as the heavy gale off South Africa that tossed and flicked Perie Banou II around like a cork.
Camera Icon The living quarters of the SV Perie Banou II.
But in sailing, much like life, the storm eventually passes.
Sanders says he never sets out in bad weather or takes chances with cyclones or typhoons for the simple reason he never has to.
“If the weather was not very good, I'd just stay another day or two, or whenever it cleared up. Simple.”
Long-range, solo sailing had “come on in leaps and bounds” since his first major voyage back in 1981.
It had made the challenge of conquering the world's oceans “not as hard as it used to be” he tells me.
“Back then you'd get one fix (position) a day with your sextant, now you get a fix every second,” he said, pointing to the illuminated sat-nav screen inside the cabin which he can see from his outside helm.
Camera Icon The welcome home committee. Picture: Joe Wheeler
So how does he wile away the countless hours when he is out to sea?
“There's always something to do with the boat,” he says. “Something always needs fixing.”
He has also been enjoying writing a blog followed by yachties around the world. Despite him being the son of an academic, Sanders was never a scholar, but says he enjoys the exercise.
“I'm not sure if too many people like my staccato style. I tend to stab my words.”
He says he's recognised in most port he finds himself, generally by the close-knit yachting community. He has been sailing for a very, very long time and has made many good friends right around the world.
“People have been very good to me,” he says. “I'm constantly surprised by people recognising me in the most far-flung places. They always invite me for dinner or drinks. People are very kind to me.”
Below deck is as you would expect; a cluttered, working boat with little comfort but a practicality and engaging charisma that reflects the man who sails her.
Camera Icon Parry Endeavour skipper Jon Sanders during a parade through the streets of Perth in 1988. Picture: Greg Burke
Unlike the Kay Cottees, David Dicks or Jesse Martins, Sanders has not made money out of his extraordinary achievements, nor has he any intention of doing so. He is a simple man with simple tastes and he's not interested in the extravagances associated with what is often considered a rich man's pastime.
“We all want it, (money), but the reality is that we don't really need it,” he says quietly as he looks to the top of his mast to check the curve of the mainsail.
With the original Perie Banou in storage at Fremantle, the Parry Endeavour hanging from the roof at the Maritime Museum and his log books from his triple circumnavigation at the John Curtin Prime Ministerial Library at Curtin University, Sanders is not sure what lies ahead for the blue-hulled boat that has safely carried him across the world's oceans.
When I ask him about what will happen to him now that he's home, he smiles and shrugs his shoulders.
Sanders grudgingly concedes that he may not have another circumnavigation in him. He had a recent heart scare and his mobility around the spaghetti of ropes and wires that cover the deck is not as good as it used to be.
But retire? Even as the oldest man to have circumnavigated the globe (another milestone among a million milestones), he is still not sure whether he is ready to put his feet up just yet.
Spending any time in an “old people's home” is not an option for the man who likes his own company “just as much as I love meeting other people”.
“I reckon if I'll be retiring anywhere,” he says as he glances out to sea, “it'll probably be to the back of Rottnest.”
SINGAPORE, April 20 Singapore Exchange Ltd posted a 7 percent drop in January-March net profit while revenue slipped 2 percent, dragged by a weak performance in its derivatives business.
"In the past quarter, we saw continued momentum in the equities market following the U.S. Presidential Election, with increased participation seen from both retail and institutional customers," Chief Executive Loh Boon Chye said in a statement on Thursday.
Loh said that although sentiment had improved, positive outcomes on U.S. economic policies will be important to sustain trading activities.
SGX, a global centre for business trusts and real estate investment trusts, reported a net profit of S$83.1 million ($59.5 million) versus S$89.2 million a year ago. Operating revenue fell to S$202.7 million. Derivatives revenue declined 9 percent to S$75.2 million.
The exchange has kicked off a public consultation as it decides whether to introduce dual-class share structures, a move that is expected to help it broaden its appeal to tech and other new economy companies. ($1 = 1.3961 Singapore dollars) (Reporting by Anshuman Daga; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)
GARFIELD, N.J. -- (UPDATE) Authorities said they were still working late Tuesday to identify the next of kin of a young boy who was struck and killed by a box truck in Garfield while riding a bicycle earlier in the day.
Police Capt. Darren Sucorowski said the "tragedy in our community" occurred at 1:17 p.m. on Lanza Avenue near Pleasant Avenue.
Garfield police were investigating, assisted by the Bergen County Prosecutor's Office and the Bergen County Sheriff's Office, whose Bureau of Criminal Identification collected evidence, he said.
Meanwhile, Schools Supt. Nicholas Perrapato "advised me that he will begin making arrangements to provide for grief counselors to be on hand tomorrow [Wednesday] morning for our school children," Sucorowski said.
"I would like all of the media to consider the privacy of our young victim, the grieving family and friends, the driver and the people of the neighborhood where this tragedy occurred," the captain said. "Our thoughts and prayers are with all of them.
"We would ask that anyone who may have been in the area of Lanza and Pleasant Avenue at the time of this accident and may be able to provide even the smallest amount of information, please contact Lt. Michael Marsh of the Garfield Police Department Operations Division at (973) 478-8500, ext. 4154 .
"This investigation is in its early stages and there can be no further information given at this time," Sucorowski said.
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
A 17-year-old girl died on Monday following being attacked by a shark while surfing with her father off the southern coast of Western Australia. Her mother and two younger sisters witnessed the horrific event from the beach.
A spokesman at the Esperance police told The Australian that Laeticia Brouwer and her father, both experienced surfers, were “not a long way off-shore” when the attack by an unidentified type of shark occurred.
Brouwer's father was able to bring her out of the water, where family members and a nurse who was at the beach performed first aid and applied a tourniquet to prevent blood loss.
According to local reports, the shark may have torn her leg off in the attack.
“They really gave the young girl every possible chance under such dire circumstances for a positive outcome,” paramedic Paul Gaughan said, according to the outet. “Unfortunately, in this case the injuries were just too severe.”
According to Perth Now, the teen did not regain consciousness and died at Esperance Hospital following the attack.
The Australian reports Brouwer was the third shark attack fatality in Western Australia in less than a year.
The 17yo surfer killed in Esperance has been identified as Letisha Brouwer. This is the shark bite out of her surfboard @9NewsPerth #9News pic.twitter.com/d1iAEWcXjy — Rebecca Johns (@Rebecca_C_Johns) April 18, 2017
Steve Evans, the victim's uncle, fought back tears as he read a statement on behalf of the family on Monday.
“We take comfort in the fact that Laeticia died doing something that she loved,” he said. “The ocean was her and her family passion. Surfing was something she treasured doing with her dad and her sisters.”
The family from Singleton, south of Perth, had been on vacation at Kelp Beds Beach for the Easter weekend.
Evans thanks police, first responders and bystanders at the scene who worked to save Brouwer.
“Laeticia will be greatly missed by her family, friends and everyone that knew her,” he said. “We can take comfort that she is now in Heaven with the Lord in eternal peace.”
Fisheries minister Dave Kelly told WA Today that despite the tragedy, the government would not be deploying drum lines in an attempt to catch the shark.
“There's fisheries vessels doing patrols, there's also staff patrolling the beaches and the beach will remain closed until fisheries and the local authorities review that it's safe to open,” he said. “There haven't been drum lines deployed this morning. We made it clear in opposition that we don't see the merit in automatically deploying drum lines because they don't actually make our beaches any safer.”
2:29 Meet George: The first mature male great white shark tagged by OCEARCH Pause
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals
2:29 Dylann Roof's confession tape
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what he learned from 2015 CFP
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
1:55 Godspeed, John Glenn: 1921-2016
A mill nearly as old as Canada must be sold if it is to survive, its owner says, since the spring flood has just washed through it, and through her hopes of creating a bed and breakfast.
The mill on Brennan's Creek in Old Killaloe has been there since 1870. Owner Anette Clough says it's part country home, part storehouse of history.
“It has a pile of stuff in there: Manual wooden planes, sickles, big wagon wheels, things that fit around a horse's neck.” There is equipment for sending flour down a chute into bags, and flour sifters, all pushed to one side of the building.
The other side is renovated: a three-bedroom home on the top two levels, and a smaller apartment with a separate entrance.
She and her soon-to-be ex-husband bought it about four years ago. The couple eventually split; she moved out two years ago and her husband left last fall. The mill has been unoccupied since then.
“I would love, love, love to keep the place. It's an incredible building. I would really love to turn it into a bed and breakfast,” she said Monday.
Previous owners blasted out bedrock and put in a 50-kilowatt turbine that generates electricity for sale to the provincial grid. At least it did until a flood three years ago. Clough figures the turbine itself is still fine, but the turbine room may need electrical repairs.
“We almost had it ready to turn on, we had all the electricals checked and cleaned, and then we got flooded three years ago. And that is because we didn't have enough stop logs pulled out of the dam,” she said.
With the couple splitting up, she can't afford to invest more money in repairs that are needed in one foundation wall, or in putting the turbine system back into shape.
It's a lovely setting, with a pond behind the dam, walking trails and a foot bridge to the far side of the creek.
“I haven't put it on the market yet because I haven't been wanting to sell it because I really love it. But looking at what happened this year…”
Last week, the rising runoff water spilled past the dam and through the first floor of the mill, in one door and out another.
Clough said a structural engineer looked at the mill since then, recommending repairs to one foundation wall and an overall review of the building when water levels drop.
Stop logs work like plugs in a drain, meaning they can be dropped into position in a dam or lifted out to control how much water can flow through. They are intended to be lifted out in fall, so that the spring flood has an opening where it can rush right through. But the logs are heavy, and Clough and her husband couldn't remove them all last fall, so the dam was partially blocked. Then spring came.
The result is familiar to anyone who has tried to flush a blocked toilet: Water backs up and overflows. It's now receding.
The Killaloe Post, an online magazine that's largely the work of local photographer Lynn Flokstra, recently traced the history of the mill that was built by an Irish immigrant in 1849, and rebuilt after a major fire in 1870.
“At its peak the mill was powered by one wood- and one water-powered engine and was in operation 24 hours a day grinding the wheat harvest for local farmers,” the Post notes. “When flour was no longer profitable they ground grain for livestock feed. With the rise of national commercial mills local grain milling became a thing of the past.”
The mill had a second life sawing and planing lumber from the 1940s until 1968.
If no one maintains the building, Clough says, “it could get worse, and then the town and the area lose something that has been there forever and is really amazing.”
tspears@postmedia.com
twitter.com/TomSpears1
[India], June 15 (ANI): Vaman Mandavi, a tribal student of Kirandul village of Dantewada has bagged a seat in the country's prestigious Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), by securing first rank in the mains examination of IIT preparatory course.
Vaman, who completed his studies from a government school in his village, secured 72 percent in High school and 76 percent in Intermediate.
Vaman's mother Mangli Mandavi said that she was very happy with the achievement of her child.
"Vaman's father Chamro Ram Mandavi died after 10 months of Vaman's birth. After that I raised him by selling wood. It was my dream to make my child a big man by making him study. We belong to the tribal society where the children are asked to graze cow, gather produce, which affects their studies. But I sent Vaman to school to educate him," she said.
She further said that the district administration and the government have contributed a lot for her son's success adding that she got the support because of the free education scheme. Vaman, on the other hand, gave the entire credit of his success to his mother. "I want to fulfill my mother's dream. My mother has raised me with many troubles. I want to become engineer for her," Vaman said.(ANI)
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from the SC statehouse grounds. Pause
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold his house, here's what it looks like
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
1:08 President Trump nominates Neil Gorsuch for SCOTUS justice
1:50 Highlights and postgame comments from Irmo's win over Dutch Fork
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
Youtube / ViralHog Here is How NOT to Drive a Car
The owner of the vehicle is Zhou Di, a 35-year-old man who runs a workshop that produces industrial-style commodities in Jilin. Inspired by the movies "Mad Max" and "Death Race," Zhou decided to modify the vehicle himself. He bought the scrapped Jetta about two months ago, and soon removed its engine and gearbox. Later, he installed steel bars above the wind shield, which cover most of the passenger side and leave only a small peephole.
Zhou has also made defensive body kits and armor for the vehicle. Most of its "weapons" are made from spare parts of old cars and motorcycles. It took Zhou nearly a month to complete the modification, he said.
A fan of machinery from a very young age, Zhou began to repair electric vehicles after his graduation. He later opened a barbershop and restaurant, both decorated in an industrial style. However, the machinery enthusiast eventually changed his profession, opening a workshop that sells handmade industrial-style commodities.
Zhou said he likes his unique car, and he hopes to expand it into a series in the future, creating pick-ups and off-road vehicles.
This article was originally published in the Global Times.
Physicists at MIPT and their British and Russian colleagues revealed the mechanisms leading to photocurrent in graphene under terahertz radiation. The paper published in Applied Physics Letters not only puts a period to a long-lasting debate about the origins of direct current in graphene illuminated by high-frequency radiation but also sets the stage for the development of high-sensitivity terahertz detectors. Such detectors are highly demanded in medical diagnostics, wireless communications and security systems.
In 2005 MIPT alumni Andre Geim and Konstantin Novoselov experimentally studied the behavior of electrons in graphene, a flat honeycomb lattice of carbon atoms. They found that electrons in graphene respond to electromagnetic radiation with an energy of quantum, whereas the common semiconductors have an energy threshold below which the material does not respond to light at all. However, the direction of electron motion in graphene exposed to radiation has long remained a point of controversy, as there is a plenty of factors pulling it in different directions. The controversy was especially stark in the case of the photocurrent caused by terahertz radiation.
What sets terahertz radiation apart is its unique set of properties. As an example, it easily passes through many dielectrics without ionizing them: this is of particular value to medical diagnostic or security systems. A terahertz camera can "see" the weapons concealed under a person's clothes, and a medical scanner can detect skin diseases at early stages by the spectral lines ("fingerprints") of characteristic biomolecules in the terahertz range. Finally, raising the carrier frequency of Wi-Fi devices from several to hundreds of gigahertz (into the sub-terahertz range) will proportionally increase the bandwidth. But all these applications need a sensitive and low-noise terahertz detector which is simple in fabrication.
A terahertz detector designed by researchers at MIPT, MSPU and the University of Manchester (the place where graphene was first discovered) is a graphene sheet (colored green in figures 1 and 2) sandwiched between dielectric layers of boron nitride and electrically coupled to a terahertz antenna--a metal spiral about a millimeter in size. As radiation impinges on the antenna, it rocks electrons on one side of the graphene sheet, while the resulting direct current is measured on the other side. It is the "packing" of graphene into boron nitride that enables record-high electric characteristics, giving the detector a sensitivity that is a cut above the earlier designs. However, the main result of the research is not a better-performing instrument; it is the insight into the physical phenomena responsible for the photocurrent.
There are three main effects leading to the electric current flowing in graphene exposed to terahertz radiation. The first one, the photothermoelectric effect, is due to the temperature difference between the antenna terminal and the sensing terminal. This sends electrons from the hot terminal to the cold one, like air rising up from a warm radiator up to cold ceiling. The second effect is the rectification of current at the terminals: it turns out that the edges of graphene let through only the high-frequency signal of a certain polarity. The third and most interesting effect is called plasma wave rectification. We can think of the antenna terminal as stirring up "waves in the electronic sea" of the graphene strip, while the sensing terminal registers the average current associated with these waves.
"Earlier attempts to explain the photocurrent in such detectors used only one of these mechanisms and excluded all the others," says Dmitry Svintsov, head of the Laboratory of 2d Materials' Optoelectronics at MIPT. "In reality, all three of them are at play, and our study found which effect dominates at which conditions. Thermoelectric effects dominate at low temperatures, while plasmonic rectification prevails at high temperatures and in longer-channel instruments. And the main thing is that we figured out how to make a detector in which the different photoresponse mechanisms will not cancel each other, but rather reinforce each other"
These experiments will help choose the best design for terahertz detectors and bring us closer to remote detection of dangerous substances, safe medical diagnostics, and high-speed wireless communications.
###
The work was supported by the Russian Science Foundation, the Ministry of Education and Science of the Russian Federation, the Leverhulme Trust (Great Britain) and the Russian Foundation for Basic Research.
“Not lucky just blessed,” reads Maranda Lynn George-Morrisson's tattoo.
The 26-year-old's family is now worried for her safety, police said. George-Morrisson was last seen in the area of Murray Street on March 15, according to police.
Police describe her as Aboriginal, 5'3″ to 5'4″ tall and 130 lbs with long hair and brown eyes. The tattoo is just below her neck.
The Native Women's Association of Canada is helping in the search effort.
MISSING – MARANDA LYNN GEORGE MORRISON
LAST SEEN ON MURRAY STREET IN OTTAWA, ONTARIO, CANADA
MISSING SINCE MARCH 3, 2018
IF YOU HAVE INFORMATION PLEASE CALL THE OTTAWA MISSING PERSONS UNIT
613-236-1222 extension 56778 pic.twitter.com/3lqql4fshu — NWAC (@NWAC_CA) April 24, 2018
Anyone with information is asked to call Ottawa police at 613-236-1222. Those who have information that could help to miss persons investigators determine her current whereabouts should call the missing persons unit at 613-236-1222, ext. 2355.
Anonymous tips can be made to Crime Stoppers toll-free at 1-800-222-8477 or by downloading the Ottawa police app.
(Image: An image of the suspect released by pollice.)
Police are asking for help from the public in finding a woman suspected in an attempted robbery.
Honolulu police say a woman was walking along Kona Street on Friday May 18 around 8:45 a.m. when she was attacked.
The suspect allegedly, as seen in surveillance footage, hit the woman, attempted to take her bag and fled in an unknown direction, police said.
The suspect is described as Polynesian, in her 20s, 5 feet 10 inches tall and 190 pounds. She has dark hair, a heavy build and was last seen wearing dark leggings, a hoodie, a white T-shirt with her hair in a bun.
Police are asking anyone with information about this incident to call CrimeStoppers at 955-8300 or click here.
This story may be updated.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
KNOXVILLE (WATE) – April is Safe Digging Month, and if you're going to be tacking any projects, you need to make sure you are doing so safely and without causing any damage to yourself or your neighborhood.
Jocelyn McInturff with Knoxville Utilities Board Safety, Security and Technical Services says you should always call 811 before digging to get the approximate location of underground utility lines. The FCC designated 811 as the “Call Before You Dig” number to eliminate confusion and it's the same number nationwide.
McInturff says knowing where lines are buried helps protect you from injury, expense and penalties. The depth of utility lines varies and there can be multiple lines in the same area. Damage to those lines can disrupt service to an entire neighborhood, harm diggers and cost fines and repair costs.
Moreover, Tennessee state law requires anyone about to engage in any type of digging or other activity that can damage underground lines to call 811 no less than three business days ahead of time. KUB or whatever the appropriate utility is can then come out and mark their facilities with paint or flags. They will do this service for free.
If you dig and hit a KUB line, leave the area immediately and call (865) 524-2911 to report the damage. You can also call 911.
The Washburn Ichabods scored the first 10 points of the game and never looked back as they defeated Emporia State 90-63 on Valentine's Day at Schendel Court at Lee Arena on Tuesday night. Washburn is back in action on Saturday hosting Southwest Baptist at 7 p.m.
After jumping out to the 10-0 lead 5:11 into the game, Emporia State scored a 3-pointer to cut the lead to seven, but then Washburn scored eight of the next 10 going up 18-5 with 11:19 to play in the opening half.
Emporia State used a 14-4 run over the next 4:45 to cut the lead down to three at 22-19 with 6:34 to play, but the Ichabods (16-9, 8-8 MIAA) responded with a 22-8 run over their own going 8 of 10 from the field and hitting all four 3-point attempts led by Isaac Clark ‘s seven points and Brady Skeen's six points during the spurt.
Washburn shot a smoking 63 percent from the field in the opening half hitting 17 of 27 shots while holding ESU to 30 percent of 9 of 30 overall.
The Ichabods would go on to lead by 36 in the game with 4:42 to play at 80-44 after a bucket by Tyas Martin . The Hornets used a 14-5 run to cut the lead under 30 but would not get within 27 only twice at the end of the game.
Skeens recorded career highs with 28 points and six blocks hitting 12 of 17 shots from the field in the win to lead all scorers finishing with nine rebounds. Clark had 17 on 6 of 8 shooting and Javion Blake scored 14. Randall Smith scored three points but dished out eight assists and three steals.
ESU (12-13, 8-8 MIAA) did not have a Hornet reach double figure scoring and finished with two players with nine points.
The Ichabods finished 64 percent from the field going 36 of 56 and hit 7 of 16 3-pointers and 11 of 17 from the free throw line. ESU was 21 of 57 overall and 6 of 23 from 3-point range with 15 of 20 from the free throw line.
Washburn outscored the Hornets 56 to 26 in the paint and scored 22 off of the Hornets' 13 turnovers.
OU Sooners Find the latest sports news, schedules and more for the OU Sooners now!
OSU Cowboys Get all your OSU Cowboys information from sports highlights to the latest news & videos.
OKC Thunder Thunder Up! Get the latest sports news, game highlights, videos and updates on the team.
ATLANTA - University of North Carolina Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center researchers report that pairing an immunotherapy drug with chemotherapy proved beneficial for some patients with acute myeloid leukemia whose disease did not respond to standard treatment or had relapsed.
Seven out of 18 patients with relapsed or persistent AML, or nearly 39 percent, had a complete remission following treatment with pembrolizumab, a checkpoint inhibitor, and high-dose chemotherapy. The researchers will present their preliminary results from the ongoing phase II trial at the 59th American Society of Hematology Annual Meeting in Atlanta on Saturday, Dec. 9.
"I'm optimistic about the future for immunotherapy, particularly checkpoint inhibitors, in AML, and I think the future direction will be finding the right setting, and finding the right treatment sequence, in which to use them for this disease," said UNC Lineberger's Joshua Zeidner, MD, assistant professor in the UNC School of Medicine.
Researchers are studying whether they can achieve a complete remission in 40 percent of patients using a combination of chemotherapy followed by pembrolizumab. In an early stage of the trial, they observed responses in enough patients to expand the study to include 37 patients.
"There is no standard of care for relapsed, refractory AML, and outcomes are dismal for this patient population," Zeidner said. "Outside of clinical trials, the conventional treatment is multi-agent, intensive cytotoxic chemotherapy."
In their study, three patients were able to proceed to stem cell transplant, which is the best chance of cure for patients with AML, and they continued to have a complete response. Five patients received "maintenance" pembrolizumab after an initial response to combination of chemotherapy and pembrolizumab to see if the drug could improve durability of the response.
The researchers paired pembrolizumab with chemotherapy because they believed the immunotherapy drug would not be effective alone. Zeidner said patients at the time of diagnosis or relapse often need treatment right away because there is "so much disease" burden, and checkpoint inhibitors drugs, such as pembrolizumab, take time to work.
If the study achieves its endpoint of 40 percent of patients in complete remission, the researchers will focus on identifying biomarkers unique to patients who respond to pembrolizumab.
"We believe this drug is not going to be effective for every patient," Zeidner said. "It behooves us to find the right subgroup of patients who may ultimately have good, long-term outcomes with this drug."
###
Merck has provided funding for the clinical trial and biomarker correlates.
In addition to Zeidner, the other authors are Benjamin Vincent, MD; Anastasia Ivanova, PhD, Matthew Foster, MD, Catherine Coombs, MD, Katarzyna Jamieson, MD, Hendrik Van Deventer, MD, Richard Scibilia, Laura Blanchard, PA-C, Cassiopeia Frank, PA-C, Sean Gallagher, NP, Melissa Matson, NP, Katherine Pepin, NP, Lori Vaught, NP, Nancy Vogler, NP, and Jonathan Serody, MD, UNC Lineberger; and Ivana Gojo, MD, and Leo Luznik, MD, Sidney Kimmel Comprehensive Cancer Center, Baltimore, Maryland.
The death has occurred of Eamonn Muckian of formerly Ballinahattna, Dundalk, Louth / Ballyboden, Dublin
Suddenly, at home. Youngest son of the late Peter and Sarah.
Family flowers only. Donations, if desired, to the Irish Heart Foundation c/o Quinn's Funeral Homes, Dundalk.
Funeral arrangements later.
May He Rest in Peace
The death has occurred of Roseann Hanlon of 2a Patrick Street North, The Laurels, Dundalk, Louth / Greenore, Louth
Formerly Ballagan, Greenore. She will be sadly missed by all who knew and loved her.
Reposing at Quinn's Funeral Home, Bridge Street, from 2pm-7pm on Saturday and from 2pm on Sunday
Removal to St. Nicholas' Church at 5.30pm, arriving at 6pm.
Funeral on Monday after Mass at 1pm to St. Patrick's Cemetery.
May She Rest in Peace
The death has occurred of Gerard Shearman of Castlebellingham, Louth
Peacefully at the Louth County Hospital, Dundalk.
Gerry, beloved son of Teresa (née Murtagh) and the late Stephen.
Predeceased by his brother Kevin. Sadly missed by his son Wayne and daughter Stephanie, mother, brothers Stephen and Colm, sisters Grainne (Greene), Una (Barry), brothers-in-law, sisters-in-law, aunt, nephews, nieces, relatives and friends.
​Reposing at the residence of his mother Teresa Shearman, Drumcashel, from 6pm until 10pm on Saturday and from 2pm until 10pm on Sunday.
Removal on Monday morning to Saint Nicholas's Church, Stabannon, arriving for Funeral Mass at 11am. Burial afterwards in Stabannon Cemetery.
Rest in Peace
The death has occurred of Dan O'Connell of Castle Park, Ashbourne, Meath / Dundalk, Louth
Peacefully at home on Friday, August 11th 2017.
Predeceased by his daughter Siobhán. Dan, loving husband of Olive and much loved father of Aileen, Róisín, Domhnall and Eamonn
Very sadly missed by his family, sisters Moya and Rosemary, sons in law Padraig and David, daughters in law Caroline and Emily, grandchildren, relatives and friends.
Reposing at home this Saturday from 5-8pm and Sunday from 3-8pm.
Removal to The Church of the Immaculate Conception, Ashbourne, on Monday morning, arriving for Funeral Mass at 11am.
Burial immediately afterwards in the adjoining cemetery. House private on Monday morning.
Rest In Peace
The death has occurred of Eamon CONNOLLY of Clanbrassil Street, Dundalk, Louth
Peacefully, in the loving care of Ratoath Manor Nursing Home, Co. Meath.
Eamon will be sadly missed by his loving family, wife Paula (née Suttle), sons John, Stephen and Mark, daughter Sarah, son-law Niall Morgan, grandchildren Hugo and Thady, brothers Ken and Conor, sisters Mary, Angela, Aideen and Pauline, extended family relatives and wonderful friends.
​Reposing at Shevlin's Funeral Home, Barrack Street, from Monday 12 noon to 8pm.
Removal on Tuesday afternoon at 12.15pm proceeding on foot to Saint Joseph's Redemptorist Church
Arriving for funeral mass at 12.30pm followed by burial in Saint Patrick's Cemetery Dundalk.
May His Soul Rest In Peace
The death has occurred of Mary O'Hanlon (née Clarke) of Irish Grange, Carlingford, Louth
Peacefully at home surrounded by her beloved family.
Predeceased by her husband Sean.
Very deeply regretted by her loving daughters Briege and Geraldine and sons John, Hugh, Pat and Paul.
Also by her daughters-in-law Mary, Niamh and Karen, son-in-law Sean, grandchildren, great-grandchildren, nephews, nieces, relatives and friends.
Funeral Arrangements Later
May She Rest In Peace
An outside view of the South African Reserve Bank in Pretoria. Photo: Bongani Shilubane/African News Agency (ANA)
Parliament - The South African Reserve Bank will establish a commission of inquiry into Venda-based mutual bank, VBS, to check whether the regulator "dropped the ball" in terms of its oversight and to look into possible fraud at the bank, MPs were told on Wednesday.
"Yes, it is the full intention of the governor to appoint a commission [of inquiry] to see what went wrong," SARB deputy governor and banks registrars, Kuben Naidoo said while briefing MPs on the curatorship of VBS mutual bank.
"There are two sides to the story. The registrar will tell you the information we were receiving from the bank was not the truth. They were lying to us and the other side of the story, but yes you the regulator, surely you should have known this."
Naidoo said the bank lied to SARB about a R470 million capital requirements it was obliged to have as a buffer to pay back depositors.
"They had deposits with the national payment system of about R120 million and the remaining R350 million should have been held as any tier one capital in a bank in government paper or in cash," he said.
"It was only on day one of curatorship did we realise there is nothing there. There's no capital. It's gone. Every month we received the returns from this bank. It says R470 mln held in these instruments."
If the R470 million buffer was available, curators would have been able to "fully pay 100 percent of all retail deposits, including the burial societies, the stokvels".
The bank's total retail deposit book stood at R390 million.
Naidoo also told MPs municipalities who held combined deposits of around R1.5 billion were likely to lose significant amounts of money, adding the probability that VBS could be salvaged is much lower since curators stepped in in March.
"Following two months of curatorship and preliminary investigations, the probability of salvaging the bank is lower," Naidoo said.
"The curatorship is ongoing. We have every intention to continue with the curatorship to protect deposits."
Naidoo said while SARB would guarantee deposits for R50,000 and less, several municipalities which deposited huge amounts of money in the bank, in contravention of the Municipal Finance Management Act, would lose on their "investment".
"It's likely municipalities will lose a significant portion of money they invested in the bank."
Naidoo said even in an optimistic scenario, it would take around seven to ten years to recover all the money owed to depositors.
He said the law prevented SARB from making VBS an unsecured loan.
"To date, we are not able to establish the veracity of their assets, their loans for us to determine whether there's adequate security for us to put money in."
African News Agency/ANA
Formula 1's focus has already shifted to the arrival of the all-new 2017 cars – which will be wider, more aggressive looking and faster than their predecessors. But, as Franco Nugnes reveals, even bigger changes could be coming at Ferrari.
Is Ferrari ready to ditch its white livery band, for example? It is a desire of the technical staff at Maranello, and there are suggestions the team will abandon the white stripe that returned last year.
The white had been historically associated with bad times and, after a season where the SF16-H took 11 podiums but no wins, Ferrari's management may hope that reverting to an all-red concept may at least mark the start of a new chapter.
Ferrari president Sergio Marchionne and team principal Maurizio Arrivabene want to turn the page on a disappointing 2016 campaign.
And although the two chief men at Maranello are not going to risk making firm predictions for 2017, they are both convinced in the job that the technical group under Mattia Binotto can do.
Binotto is an excellent organiser, and is credited with giving a chance of redemption for a lot of the specialists in the racing department that were left in the shadows by the arrival of James Allison and other technical management.
Allison's departure last July was not painless for the team, because some of those left behind were not convinced about the new structure that was put in place, where there would no longer be a pyramid reporting structure but a more horizontal one.
Ferrari chose, however, not to sign a big-name replacement – although some of the reason for that was the lack of available candidates.
Mercedes' Aldo Costa, for example, is bound to the German car manufacturer until January 1, 2018 – and even if he had decided to return to Italy he would still need to go through a year of gardening leave – meaning he would only really be on board for 2020.
Binotto has got straight down to work through, and is pushing hard the 14 working groups inside Ferrari to try to get back to winning ways – and end a victory drought that stretches back to the 2015 Singapore Grand Prix.
Ferrari has set a February 24 date for the presentation of its 2017 car, which will run at Fiorano for a filming day.
That date – just a few days before Barcelona testing begins – has been set because the team wants to hold back on unleashing its engine (with only four power units available for 2017) and its aerodynamic developments until the last possible minute.
In engine terms, the 062/2 marks a different direction for the team – with its head of ERS, Thierry Baritaud, set to be given an internal combustion engine that will make better use of the MGU-H – which should increase the efficiency of the hybrid systems and also limit the risks of turbocharger reliability.
But perhaps the most radical innovation concerns the combustion chamber, with Ferrari considering the use of a new multi-jet ignition system that will move the team to the next level in its relationship with the Mahle technology company.
Ferrari's gearbox is also set to be heavily revised, because the 2016 concept of mounting the rear suspension between the differential and the gearbox proved useful for helping deliver a very narrow rear suspension but was not very efficient in maximising traction at the rear axle.
So Ferrari is set to revert to a more proven solution, and will pursue a front suspension route similar to Mercedes.
The overall chassis dimensions are also set to change, although this has been partly forced on it because the fuel tank capacity will be increasing from 100kg to 105kg as part of the new regulations.
It is expected that the wheelbase of 3494mm will grow by around 200mm – with the engine set slightly further back compared to last year's car.
At Maranello the team is staying tight-lipped about what is being planned, but there are expected to be some surprises from the 668 (the codename of Ferrari's 2017 car) – amid talk that there are some 'unusual' shapes on the wind tunnel model.
We will see just how radical these designs are next month.
NEW YORK (AP) – A crude pipe bomb strapped to a man inspired by the Islamic State group went off Monday in a crowded subway corridor near Times Square, injuring the man, slightly wounding three others and snarling the rush-hour commute for hundreds of thousands of New York workers.
Surveillance cameras captured the man walking casually through the crowded passageway when the bomb suddenly went off at 7:20 a.m. amid a plume of white smoke, which cleared to show the man sprawled on the ground and commuters fleeing in terror. Investigators said it was not clear if the bomb was set off intentionally or went off prematurely.
“This was an attempted terrorist attack,” Mayor Bill de Blasio told reporters. “Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve his ultimate goals.”
The suspect, who was identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah, was being treated at a hospital for burns to his hands and abdomen. The others who were injured suffered ringing in the ears and headaches.
Law enforcement officials said Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State group but had apparently not had any direct contact with the group. The officials said he lives in Brooklyn and came to the U.S. from Bangladesh about seven years ago on a visa. They said he was speaking with investigators from his hospital bed.
A person briefed on the investigation said Ullah came to the U.S. on an F-4 visa, a preferential visa available for those with family in the U.S. who are citizens or permanent residents, and that he made the bomb in his Brooklyn apartment. They spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Investigators were searching his apartment, interviewing witnesses and relatives and looking for surveillance footage that may show his movements in the moments before the attack.
The explosion, which happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th avenues, triggered a massive emergency response by police and firefighters both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
Everything around Times Square was shut down, halting what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour at the “Crossroads of the World.”
Authorities said the bomb was a low-tech explosive device attached to the man with Velcro and plastic ties. They were investigating how it was made.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with his shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering his bare midriff. A police officer was holding the man's hands behind his back. Another photo shown on cable channel NY1 showed the bearded suspect, wide-eyed, on a stretcher being loaded into an ambulance.
Elrana Peralta, a customer-service worker for Greyhound, said she works in the Port Authority terminal complex near where the blast happened but did not hear the explosion.
“All we could hear was the chaos,” she said. “We could hear people yelling, ‘Get out! Get out! Get out!'”
John Miles, 28, from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. He did not hear the blast either, but saw police react.
“I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out,” he said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. “They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly.”
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion. Instead of commenting on the suspected terror attack, Trump sent a tweet at 9:17 a.m. criticizing a Sunday story in The New York Times that said he watched cable news television for at least four hours a day.
The blast came just weeks after eight people died in New York when another man, also said to be inspired by the Islamic State, drove a rented truck onto a bike path near the World Trade Center.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo said at a news conference following the attack that New Yorkers should be alert but go about their lives.
“Let's go back to work,” he said. “”We're not going to allow them to disrupt us.”
[Follow the latest on this story from CBS New York]
___
Associated Press Writers Jake Pearson and Michael Balsamo in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
May 2 2u Inc:
* 2U Inc to acquire Getsmarter
* 2U Inc - 2U will acquire Getsmarter in all-cash transaction for approximately $103 million
* 2U Inc - deal for approximately $103 million
* 2U Inc - deal includes an earn-out payment of up to $20 million in cash
* Says expects transaction to be neutral to adjusted net income per share for 2017
* 2U Inc - because of expense items, transaction-related stock compensation expense, co expects deal to be dilutive to net income per share in 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 24 (UPI) -- A child's excess weight gain has been linked to at least moderate caffeine levels while in the womb, according to a study in Norway.
Researchers wanted to find out if moderate to high caffeine intake during pregnancy might be associated with excess weight gain in children's early years. The findings were published this week in the journal BMJ open.
Pregnant women have previously been advised to limit caffeine intake, but the researchers now wonder whether to totally cut the stimulant out.
"Any caffeine consumption during pregnancy is associated with a higher risk of excess infant growth and of childhood overweight, mainly at preschool ages," the researchers wrote in the study. "Maternal caffeine intake may modify the overall weight growth trajectory of the child from birth to 8 years. This study adds supporting evidence for the current advice to reduce caffeine intake during pregnancy."
The study examined 50,943 women from across Norway who took part in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study between 1999 and 2008.
The consumption of food and drink intake from among 255 items, including caffeine, was reported at 22 weeks during pregnancy and the children's growth patterns were tracked starting at 6 weeks old; then at 3, 6, 8 and 12 months; and then at 1-1/2, 2, 3, 5, 7 and 8 years of age.
Sources of dietary caffeine can include coffee, black tea, caffeinated soft/energy drinks, chocolate, chocolate milk, sandwich spreads; and desserts, cakes and sweets.
The mothers to be been grouped into four categories based on daily intake: 0-49 mg was low, 50-199 mg was average, 200-299 mg was high and 300 mg and above was very high.
An 8-ounce cup of caffeinated coffee typically has between 100 and 150 milligrams of caffeine, and an 8-ounce cup of black tea or cola between 25 and 50 milligrams of caffeine, according to the Mayo Clinic.
World Health Organization criteria was used for excess weight gain, and overweight and obesity were assessed based on International Obesity Task Force criteria.
Of the participants, 46 percent were classified as low caffeine intake, 44 percent as average, 7 percent as high and 3 percent as very high. The heightened risk for obesity was found to be 15 percent for average intake, 30 percent for high and 66 percent for very high.
The researchers found that exposure to any caffeine level while in the womb was linked to a heightened risk of overweight at the ages of 3 and 5 years. For 8-year-olds, it was among mothers who had a very high caffeine intake during their pregnancy.
On average, children exposed to very high levels of caffeine before birth weighed 2.4 to 2.9 ounces more at 3-12 months, 3.9 to 4.8 ounces more than toddlers up to 2, 5.7 to 11.2 ounces more than pre-schoolers from 3-5 years and 16.9 ounces more at the age of 8 compared with children who weren't exposed to these levels.
Researchers found higher caffeine levels linked to mothers older than 30, who had more than one child, consumed more daily calories and smoked during pregnancy. Also, women with a very high caffeine intake during their pregnancies were more likely to be poorly educated and obese before they got pregnant.
Although the study is the largest on the association of prenatal caffeine exposure and childhood growth parameters, the researchers wrote that "our findings might be explained by residual confounding of non-accounted factors related to an overall unhealthy lifestyle and high caffeine consumption; though exclusion of smokers and very high caffeine consumers did not modify the results."
Other studies have confirmed problems with caffeine intake during pregnancy, including a 2015 study by Kaiser Foundation Research Institute that found exposure to caffeine in the womb was associated with an 87 percent increased risk of childhood obesity.
A 2008 study conducted by Kaiser Permanente also found that women who consumed more than 200 milligrams of caffeine per day were more than twice as likely to have a miscarriage than non-caffeine consumers.
April 24 (UPI) -- U.S. health officials have announced plans to spend more than $25 million on an anthrax antitoxin, as part of an emergency preparedness plan.
The Health and Human Services Department said the antitoxin -- called Anthim or obiltoxaximab -- will be purchased from New Jersey-based Elusys Therapeutics and funded by Project BioShield.
"Protecting the American people from 21st century threats, such as anthrax, remains a high priority for the department," Dr. Robert Kadlec, assistant secretary for preparedness and response, said in a statement Monday. "This procurement under Project BioShield ensures we continue to have treatment options for people exposed to anthrax and increases the number of courses available in an emergency."
The Project Bioshield Act, passed by Congress in 2004, is a program to fund purchases of medical countermeasures for biological, chemical, radiological and nuclear agents.
Health officials said the antitoxin complements existing antibiotics by neutralizing toxins produced by Anthrax, scientifically known as Bacillus anthracis.
The drug will be delivered to the Strategic National Stockpile, which is the nation's largest supply of potentially life-saving medical countermeasures -- designed to be used in case of a public health emergency.
In March 2016, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved Anthim for patients with the inhaled form of anthrax, which can be deadly.
Previous treatments have relied on antibiotics like ciprofloxicin to target anthrax, but scientists say they are not effective in treating toxins released by the bacteria.
Five people died and more than a dozen others were infected in the United States in 2001, during a series of mailed anthrax attacks.
A A
ELLENTON, Fla. — After 146 years, the curtain is coming down on “The Greatest Show on Earth.” The owner of the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus announced Saturday that the show will close forever in May.
The iconic American spectacle was felled by a variety of factors, company executives say. Declining attendance combined with high operating costs, along with changing public tastes and prolonged battles with animal rights groups all contributed to its demise.
“There isn't any one thing,” said Kenneth Feld, chairman and CEO of Feld Entertainment. “This has been a very difficult decision for me and for the entire family.”
The company broke the news to circus employees Saturday night after shows in Orlando and Miami.
Ringling Bros. has two touring circuses this season and will perform 30 shows between now and May. Major stops include Atlanta, Washington, Philadelphia, Boston and Brooklyn. The final shows will be in Providence, R.I., on May 7 and in Uniondale, N.Y., on May 21.
The circus, with its exotic animals, flashy costumes and death-defying acrobats, has been a staple of entertainment in the United States since the mid-1800s.
The Feld family bought the circus in 1967. The Felds say their animals will go to suitable homes.
Some 500 people perform and work on the touring shows.
A new Applied Psychology study examines the ethical behaviours of small business owners in terms of tax compliance versus avoidance, and how internalised values and external punishment may come into play.
When researchers surveyed 330 owners or part-owners of micro-business in the UK, they found that internalised and extrinsic motivation have distinct predictors. Internalised motivation is related to strong personal moral norms to comply and a sense that the fiscal system is fair. Extrinsic motivation is related to perceptions that penalties are severe, that checks are likely, and is associated with a perceived lack of tax knowledge.
The investigators also found that, when considered together, internalised motivation but not extrinsic motivation predicts self-reported tax compliance. In addition, the presence of extrinsic motivation--although only at very high levels--may crowd out the positive effect of internalised motivation.
###
HSBC Malaysia to invest $250 mln to build HQ in TRX financial district
KUALA LUMPUR, June 15 HSBC's Malaysian subsidiary said it would invest $250 million to acquire land and build its headquarters at the Tun Razak Exchange (TRX) financial district.
INTERNATIONAL - One moment you're the globe-trotting head of a corporation with an army of subordinates to execute your every order, the next you're behind bars and required to file requests for items as banal as toilet paper.
While jailing executives, particularly those of global companies, is an almost unheard of occurrence in Germany, that's just what happened to Audi chief executive Rupert Stadler last month. One of the few other corporate leaders to suffer a similar fate was Thomas Middelhoff, and he has some words of advice to adapt to the circumstances.
“You need humility, otherwise you'll crack,” said Middelhoff, who led media company Bertelsmann AG and retailer Arcandor AG. “It's a process: the first reaction is inner revolt. Then there's a combat phase, then the breakdown. Only after that do you start becoming yourself again.”
Middelhoff went from chief executive with a rock-star allure and jet-set lifestyle to a convict who served a total of two years for misappropriating 500000 (R8million) in corporate funds for helicopter and private-jet trips, charges that he denied. It was a startling decline for one of the country's best-known managers, who rode the corporate rocket to the very top, including private jets, yachts moored in Saint-Tropez and regular board meetings in New York.
His life took a dramatic turn in 2014, when Middelhoff was whisked straight out of court and transferred into a sparse prison cell the day he was convicted. He was detained even though he planned to appeal, as the judges suspected he would flee. He spent five months in preliminary detention, and “when the door shut for the first time, it was a feeling as if the air had been drawn from my lungs,” he said. “My head was spinning.”
For managers used to guiding other people, being under seamless scrutiny is hard to comprehend, Middelhoff said. For each item he needed, Middelhoff had to file a written request; cellphones and computers weren't permitted at all.
Meetings with lawyers meant body searches before and after each encounter, family visits were restricted to twice a month - and only for three people, a tough situation for Middelhoff, who has five children.
“When my wife came to see me for the first time, I wept,” Middelhoff said.
He's since documented his experience in prison in a book he began working on in jail, where he's starting the day at 5am reading the Bible, followed by a work-out regime that included 100 push-ups.
Middelhoff spent his preliminary detention segregated from other prisoners to protect him from possible attacks. After five months, he was released on bail. When his appeal was rejected, he served the rest of his sentence working outside prison walls at a charity.
Not much is known of Stadler's daily routine behind bars, near the Bavarian city of Augsburg, where he was taken after his arrest on June 18.
Prisoners can ask to wear their own clothing and have access to TV and the prison library. They can request a separate cell, though most prefer to stay with other inmates to avoid isolation. Germany's Bild Zeitung posted stock photos of a cell, complete with the daily menu, a sparse fare of potato salad and meatballs, or schnitzel with pasta.
Stadler's attorney Thilo Pfordte didn't immediately return a call seeking comment.
A Volkswagen veteran who ascended to the top of Audi in an almost three-decade career, Stadler held on to his job in the last three years even as accusations of his company's involvement in the diesel-rigging scandal grew.
While Stadler hasn't been charged, he was detained because of suspicions of evidence tampering. He is suspected of fraud and falsifying public documents in connection with the three-year diesel-cheating scandal that's rocked Volks- wagen since 2015, and prosecutors will continue to question the executive this week.
- BLOOMBERG
WARSAW, Poland — I am in Warsaw for the 75th anniversary of the Warsaw ghetto uprising, having just left the inspirational festivities commemorating Israel's 70th anniversary in Jerusalem.
Standing here honoring the legacy of the great Mordechai Anielewicz, who together with 700 fighters held off the Nazis for an astonishing three weeks, I was disheartened to see a world-famous Israeli-born actress give aid and comfort to Israel's enemies by boycotting the Jewish state.
On Friday, before the Sabbath, as I stood at the Gaza border witnessing brave Israel Defense Forces (IDF) soldiers repel the demonstrators of the Hamas genocidal terror organization, who seek to breach the border fence that keeps Israelis alive, I heard the news that Natalie Portman decided not to attend the ceremony where she was to be given the Genesis Prize.
Portman is a wonderful actress who has on rare occasions defended the country of her birth. I applaud her earlier solidarity with her people. But her cowardly decision to abandon Israel as it is fighting a war with terrorists trying to overrun its border, is shocking and hypocritical. It provides aid and comfort to Israel's enemies, however unwittingly.
She is within her rights to criticize government policies. That's what a democracy is all about. But the way she has chosen to do so – by boycotting Israel – has shown a disdain for democracy and a thoughtless disregard for the welfare of her people.
When the Genesis Foundation decided to bestow its prestigious prize on the Oscar winner, Portman originally responded to the prize enthusiastically: “I am deeply touched and humbled by this honor. I am proud of my Israeli roots and Jewish heritage; they are crucial parts of who I am.”
Now, just weeks before the Foundation was about to present her with the award at a gala, Portman announced she would not attend. When the news broke, it was immediately reported as a boycott of Israel and seized on by the antisemitic “boycott, divestment and sanctions” (BDS) movement as evidence that even famous Israelis view their country as uniquely deserving of demonization.
One thing celebrities seemingly care about more than anything is bad publicity. Perhaps she was worried going to Israel in the midst of tensions in Gaza would allow Israel's detractors to paint her in a bad light. Nearly every artist who goes to Israel is pressured to boycott — and the cowardly ones, such as Lorde, cave into the antisemites.
After widespread criticism — and, perhaps realizing the gift she gave to Israel-haters around the world — Portman tried to explain she was not boycotting Israel. “I chose not to attend because I did not want to appear as endorsing Benjamin Netanyahu, who was to be giving a speech at the ceremony,” she wrote on Instagram. “Like many Israelis and Jews around the world, I can be critical of the leadership in Israel without wanting to boycott the entire nation. I treasure my Israeli friends and family, Israeli food, books, art, cinema, and dance.”
Portman's words were too little, too late, and her behavior inexcusable.
Initially, it was reported she was upset by “recent events,” presumably meaning the protests in Gaza. Well, Natalie, unlike you, I was standing on the outskirts of Gaza, watching Hamas terrorists advancing on the border with the intent of crossing into Israel and murdering Jews. I watched the restraint used by Israeli troops, who used riot-control measures practiced around the world to disperse the protestors.
What would you have Israel do, Natalie? Do you believe Israelis have the right to defend themselves against a terror mob armed with knives, guns and bombs? Did you watch the “peaceful protestors” placing improvised explosive devices along the fence, or the kites flown across the border with incendiary devices to set the agricultural fields on fire?
Did you speak out against the Hamas terrorists' explicit call for the destruction of your homeland, or their charter, which calls for the murder of Jews around the globe?
If Portman wants to criticize Israeli policies, no one is stopping her. But for her to use the Israeli Prime Minister as an excuse for not attending a gala in her honor reflects a fundamental misunderstanding of Israel, a disdain for democracy, and disrespect for Israel's leader. Portman neither has to like nor agree with Prime Minister Netanyahu, but she should understand that he was democratically elected by the people of Israel — not once, not twice, but four times.
As an Israeli citizen she is entitled to vote and to campaign in Israel against him if she disagrees. But to use her platform as an actress in America to delegitimize the views of the Israeli people is unforgivable.
I wonder if she has given any thought to the fact that if she wanted to criticize the leader of Hamas or the Palestinian Authority in front of them, she would be jailed – or worse. If Portman were really concerned about Palestinian rights, she would be denouncing their leaders for denying them freedom of speech, freedom of assembly, and freedom of the press. She should be speaking out against the widespread practice of honor killings by Palestinians against innocent women for simply having boyfriends — something unthinkable in Israel.
Portman also shows tremendous insensitivity to Israeli soldiers protecting their country when she, unlike most Israeli citizens – including two of my children, who as Americans did not have to serve – chose not to serve in the Israeli Army.
I do not judge her for doing so, but it would be pleasant to see her show some appreciation for the young heroes who don the olive green uniform and protect Israel from the genocidal plans of Hamas, Hezbollah, Iran, and ISIS. Natalie was happy to carry a gun and play a soldier defending the world in her latest movie. But life is not fiction, and she should be magnanimous in praising those young Israelis who put themselves in harm's way so that Israeli buses and kindergartens are not blown to smithereens.
With great fame comes great responsibility. Portman should reverse course, accept the prize, and give any speech she deems fit, including one that might publicly challenge government policy. That's all in keeping with democratic discourse.
But to boycott Israel is to trash her own country, undermine its democracy, and abet its implacable enemies.
Rabbi Shmuley Boteach, “America's Rabbi,” whom the Washington Post calls “the most famous Rabbi in America” is the international best-selling author of 31 books including his most recent work, The Israel Warrior. Follow him on Twitter @RabbiShmuley.
Our website uses cookies to improve its performance and enhance your user experience. Through cookies, certain personal data is collected and may be stored temporarily. You can change your cookie settings through your browser. More info: Privacy Policy
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
When you read something from ABC News, you don't question it, right?
Like this headline from the final weeks of the Obama administration: "Obama signs executive order banning the national anthem at all sporting events nationwide."
The article claims he did it in support of athletes like Colin Kaepernick who've taken a knee during the anthem.
It quotes the president as saying, "the anthem is far too violent and far too polarizing to have any place in the national discourse. Our nation is being torn apart by a song, a song that is outdated and, jingoistic."
But Barack Obama never said that. He never signed that executive order.
If he had, we wouldn't have heard the national anthem at the pro bowl, while some of the players held an arm-in-arm demonstration.
That's the kinda news we get from "abc news."
They've also tried to tell us that a certain strain of marijuana in Colorado is turning people gay.
But we're not talking about the ABC News you watch on TV. This one has the web address: abcnews.com.co.
This abc news has only been around for a couple of years and the website's registered to someone in phoenix. Their contact page says they're based in Topeka, Kansas, and shows a building that just happens to be the home of the controversial Westboro Baptist Church. You know, the group that protests at military funerals.
So what's the real harm in fake news?
Well, whenever we clicked on the stories on abcnews.com.co, we were taken to pages to download so-called "software managers..." and heard warnings that our computer had been hacked.
Then there's the guy who read a fake news story about a child sex ring connected to Hillary Clinton, supposedly operating out of a pizza joint. He went in and fired a gun!
Now, we`re not taking aim at all the headlines, just the one`s that have a stench of fiction.
[link]
Want us to check whether a story is "The Real Thing?" Let us know on our Facebook page.
Jason Aldean's new Rearview Town album has earned the No. 1 spot on Billboard's all-genre Top 200 Album chart, making Jason only the second country act in history to score four consecutive chart-toppers. Rearview Town also sold 183,000 equivalent album units in its first week of release, giving Jason the biggest country debut of 2018. The album is also the first country project to earn an all-genre No. 1 this year.
Seeing the album score a historic debut on the all-genre chart is great news for Jason, but there's another reason why he wanted to get this music out to fans:
Jason Aldean: "Once the album is finally out and you can go out and play those songs, it's great for us because you can look and get a gauge of the reaction it's getting' from people. You know, I mean, you can kind of read people a little bit. So, I love testing that stuff out. I love going and playing the new songs, and I'm excited to be able to play it for 'em."
On Friday, Maren Morris became the latest country star to sing the national anthem at a Nashville Predators home playoff game. She sang before the Preds and the Colorado Avalanche met in Game 5 of the First Round of the 2018 Stanley Cup Playoffs.
As the Nashville Predators continue their playoff bit moving closer to the cup, Carrie Underwood recalls the excitement of 2017 when the Preds played in the final for the Stanley Cup:
Carrie Underwood: "To see how much Nashville loves the Predators was just incredible. and the town was absolutely electric the few weeks leading up to the final especially during that last week or so. To see 100,000 people lining Broadway, I mean, that was incredible."
Maddie and Tae are back! After nearly two years since their last single, they announced their new song "Friends Don't" will be out Friday. Here is a clip of the song below!
They wrote on Instagram about the new song, "Keeping this a secret has been one of the hardest things we've ever done haha but we wanted this release to be extra special for y'all (our sweet, sweet fans). Thank you for being so patient & supportive. You'll never truly know how much that has meant to us. Gosh we love y'all."
The man accused of using a van to kill 10 people in Toronto on Monday went through rigorous screening before being recruited into the Canadian Forces but no concerns were raised about his mental health, said Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan.
Alek Minassian, who was arrested minutes after the attack, has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder
Minassian was a member of the Canadian Armed Forces for 2 months in late 2017. He served from August 23 until October 25, according to the Canadian military. He did not complete his recruit training and requested to be voluntarily released from the military after 16 days of recruit training, Sajjan told journalists Tuesday.
Sajjan said no concerns were raised about Minassian's mental health during the recruiting process. He told journalists that all recruits go through a thorough screening process. “In this case that was done,” Sajjan said.
A Department of National Defence spokesperson said that Minassian started his basic training at the military facility at Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Quebec in September 2017. He had not progressed to weapons training by the time he was released.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said that while the investigation is still underway, there is no evidence to suggest there was a “national security element” to the incident.
(With files from the Canadian Press)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY, Va. – Corey Stewart, the chairman of the Prince William County Board of Supervisors, told CBS 6 he will not contest the results of Tuesday's Republican Gubernatorial primary. Stewart, who polls showed as an underdog heading into Tuesday, lost the nomination to Ed Gillespie by 1.2 percent points, or a little more than 4,600 votes statewide. Under Virginia election law, a losing candidate can only request a recount if the difference is less than 1 percentage point.
Stewart ran on a platform considered hardline by many political observers, taking somewhat controversial stances like protection of Confederate monuments and eliminating sanctuary cities. In 2016, Stewart was the chair of Donald Trump's Virginia campaign, before getting fired for staging an unauthorized protest of the Republican National Committee.
Stewart told CBS 6 reporter Jake Burns on Skype, he cannot yet tell the primary voters who supported him to vote Gillespie in November.
“The real question for Ed, is he going to support my supporters?” Stewart said. “If Ed stands up and takes hard positions on defending Virginia's history, takes a hard position on defending life, takes a hard positon on spending and cutting taxes and taking back the state, and supporting our President, then he'll win them over.”
Stewart said he is proud of the campaign he ran, and added it shows a local politician can jump directly to the highest office in Virginia.
Gilliespie, a former advisor to President George W. Bush and former RNC chairman, will face currenty Lt. Governor Ralph Northam in November. Tuesday night during their acceptance speeches, both men promisied to unify their parties and to be the governor for all Virginians, regardless of polticial affiliation, if elected.
Northam defeated former congressman Tom Perriello by more than 10 points to win the democratic nomination.
More democrats voted in Tuesday's primary election than Republicans, with 542, 607 ballots cast in the Democratic primary and 366, 248 votes cast in the Republican contest. Both were much higher than the last time the party held a gubernatorial primary.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The GM logo is seen in Warren, Michigan, U.S. on October 26, 2015. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook/File Photo
WASHINGTON U.S. officials are reviewing Venezuela's seizure of General Motors Co's (GM.N) assets in the country, U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner said on Thursday.
"We are reviewing the details of the case," Toner said in a statement, saying the United States hoped to resolve the matter "rapidly and transparently."
GM said on Wednesday that Venezuelan authorities had taken over its plant in the industrial hub of Valencia, adding that it was halting operations and laying off 2,700 workers due to the "illegal judicial seizure of its assets."
The largest U.S. automaker vowed to "take all legal actions" to defend its rights. The seizure comes amid a deepening economic crisis in leftist-led Venezuela that has already roiled many U.S. companies.
The seizure is the result of a civil dispute with a Venezuelan concessionaire dating back to 2000 and does not represent a nationalization as such, according to local media reports.
GM, the market leader in Venezuela for 35 years, said in a statement that in addition to the plant seizure "other assets of the company, such as vehicles, have been illegally taken from its facilities."
Total auto production in Venezuela fell to a historic low of 2,849 cars in 2016, nearly 75 percent less than the year before, according to Venezuela's automotive industry group.
In the first two months of 2017, GM has not produced any vehicles, while total Venezuelan auto production was just 240 vehicles, down 50 percent over the same period last year. The New York Times reported the GM plant had been closed for the last six weeks as a result of a takeover by members of one of its unions.
Nearly all vehicles built in Venezuela in the first two months this year were assembled by Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T), which said on Thursday that its plant was operating normally. But a spokesman added the automaker was "only producing based on orders that come in."
Venezuela's car industry has been hit by a lack of raw materials stemming from complex currency controls.
In early 2015, Ford Motor Co (F.N) wrote off its investment in Venezuela when it took an $800 million pre-tax writedown. The company said on Thursday it was not producing vehicles in Venezuela.
The South American nation's economic crisis has hurt many other U.S. companies, including food makers and pharmaceutical firms. A growing number are removing their Venezuelan operations from their consolidated accounts.
(Reporting by David Shepardson and Yeganeh Torbati in Washington Additional reporting by Brian Ellsworth in Caracas; Editing by Bill Trott)
Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson — who famously voiced Maui in Disney's 2016 hit film Moana — welcomed his third daughter, Tiana Gia, in late April, sharing a sweet skin-to-skin snap of his baby girl taken in the hospital.
Disney fans will recognize the newborn's name as a potential homage to Princess Tiana, the hardworking heroine of 2009's The Princess and the Frog. Tiana peaked in 1995 as the 267th most popular girl's name before dropping again, but had a resurgence back up to 334th in 2010 — likely largely thanks to the New Orleans-set musical animated film.
Warning: This article contains a major spoiler from The Originals‘ upcoming fourth season finale. Proceed at your own risk!
Hope Mikaelson is about to hit another growth spurt.
Though neither The CW nor Warner Bros. TV are commenting, sources confirm to TVLine that The Originals is bracing for a significant time jump, setting the stage for a much older Hope — think late teens — to be introduced in Season 5. The time jump could arrive as soon as the June 23 season finale (The CW, 8/7c); casting for the “new” role, currently being portrayed by the phenomenal Summer Fontana, is now underway.
We also hear there's potential for adult Hope to snag her own spinoff, though neither The CW nor Warner Bros. TV would comment on that either. Of course, if Hope does end up at the center of a third series in the Vampire Diaries universe, it would be sort of like a prophecy coming to fruition — albeit one foretold by executive producer Julie Plec.
“I think there are future shows down the line that can be spawned out of this world and could tell good stories,” Plec told TVLine back in March while discussing the letter Klaus sent to Caroline in the series finale of The Vampire Diaries. “It's a hope for the future if nothing else.”
As for what else the future might hold for Hope, Plec reminded TVLine that “the idea of [Caroline and Alaric's] school as a safe haven for young supernatural beings certainly has a lot of relevance for Hope,” leading many viewers — including the one currently typing this — to believe that Hope will relocate from New Orleans to Mystic Falls by the end of the season.
What are your thoughts on Hope time-jumping her way to a potential spinoff? Drop 'em in a comment below.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. - Meghan Keogh, Event Director at Sports Backers invites you to enjoy their 9th Annual Anthem Moonlight Ride. With a Full Moon 15-mile course and a Half Moon 8-mile course, there's something for everyone. For those wishing to sit back and watch the action, there is plenty of entertainment including live music, complimentary food, and contests. The ride is Saturday, August 26-th and starts at 8pm. For more information call 804-285-9495 or visit online at www.sportsbackers.org to register.
By Dan Reardon
In 1990, Mike Donald was one hole shy of completing the tournament of his life, the U.S. Open at Medinah Country Club. Donald needed only a par at the 18th of the Monday playoff to defeat Hale Irwin and find his place in golf history. He bogeyed and lost on the next hole in sudden death. Donald drifted on and off the PGA Tour over the next 15 years, never posting a win.
In 1999, France's Jean van de Velde stood on the tee of the final hole at Carnoustie with a three-shot lead in the Open Championship. He tripled the hole and lost in a playoff to Paul Lawrie. The Frenchmen did win once more in his golf career in 2005 but largely disappeared as a serious threat to win on the European Tour.
In 2016, Andrew Landry shot 66 in the opening round of the U.S. Open at Oakmont as an Open rookie, ranked 624th in the world. He played well enough over the next two days to be paired in the final group of the day with Dustin Johnson. Johnson gutted his way to his first major win, and Landry soared to a final-day 78. Instead of being the first U.S. Open rookie to win in 102 years, he finished tied for 15th.
He finished the year 178th in the FedExCup standings and back on the developmental Web.Com Tour the following season. On Sunday at the Valero Texas Open, Landry served notice that he intended to stay clear of the ranks of Donald, van de Velde and other players crushed by the disappointment of a failed major opportunity. Landry shot 4-under 68, -17, to win by two shots for his first PGA Tour title.
>>MORE: Pro Golf Coverage
“I think that every single player out here is good. Every single player is great. Whenever you get in a situation and you fell and you continue to fall, you're learning every single time you do something,” he said afterward. “Oakmont definitely helped me. It helped to control my pace and how my swing is, even how I walk and that can lead into my golf swing. It's accepting that I do have nerves and embrace them.”
Back on Tour after finishing fourth on Web.Com in 2017, Landry has been showing signs that an Oakmont hangover was not in his 2018 profile. He posted three top 10s in his first seven starts of the 2018 season, including a four-hole playoff loss to Jon Rahm at the CareerBuilder Challenge in February. He credited his performance in that loss to the success he enjoyed in San Antonio.
“Losing in that playoff when I was continuing to hit good shot after good shot and just not making any putts, which is usually a strength of my game, it helps because you get yourself in that situation and you continue to learn.”
Hall of Fame Texan Ben Hogan once said about his success, he learned the game in the dirt. For the 30-year-old Landry, the dirt was an hour drive from San Antonio in Port Neches-Groves on a nine-hole golf course called the Pea Patch, a course he lovingly described as a “goat ranch.” A long list of Texans have won a tournament that traces its genealogy to 1922, the most recent being Jimmy Walker in 2015. Landry adds his names to people like Hogan and Byron Nelson as Texas Open winners.
Perhaps it's the feel of home. Perhaps it's learning to manage the kind of Texas winds that buffeted the tournament early in the week. For Landry, there was the special comfort of being surrounded by family and friends for his breakthrough moment.
His mother, Patricia, wore a shirt Sunday bearing the logo of that U.S. Open in Oakmont two years prior. His wife, Elizabeth, with their newborn, stood greenside as her husband needed to navigate nearly 50 feet in two putts to secure the win. His father, Dwain, who Landry told on Sunday morning at Oakmont that he was going to win that day, was there when that prediction proved true two years later. And his brother, Adam, who was a constant competitor with him back on that nine-hole course, now in housing development, was there for the dream to become reality.
He told PGA Tour afterward the same thing Andrew talked about in his winning press conference.“I've watched all the trials and tribulations, what he's gone through, the highs and the lows. There was no Plan B for him. There was only this. Stuff like that will cripple people. It'll make you want to quit, failing back and forth — but he continuously figured out a way to find his way to the top.”
Dan Reardon has covered golf for radio station KMOX in St. Louis for 33 years. In that time, he has covered more than 100 events, including majors and other PGA, LPGA and Champions Tour tournaments. During his broadcast career, Reardon conducted one-on-one interviews with three dozen members of the World Golf of Fame. He has contributed to many publications over the years and co-authored the book Golf's Greatest Eighteen from Random House. Reardon served as Director of Media relations for LPGA events in both St. Louis and Chicago for 10 years.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The Ottawa Flying Club, which hosted last year's Red Bull Global Rallycross Canadian double header are still awaiting payment from event organisers according to reports.
According to CBC, the club is owed $20,000 (approximately £14,000) from the series, despite it now being seven months since the event took place.
“[It's] Incredibly frustrating,” said Chris Ricci, general manager and chief flight instructor. “For a small not-for-profit like us, [it's] a huge hit to our ability to pay our staff.”
“At the end of the day, [we] received absolutely nothing for it,” Ricci added. “In fact, we lost five days worth of revenue.”
CBC reported that Red Bull GRC said that they had sent out a cheque previously, and another has been sent out since, although the Flying Club maintain that they were expecting to be paid before the event, which ran from June 16-18 last year.
The event was part of Ottawa 2017 – a year-long celebration of Canada as a nation. The head of Ottawa 2017, Guy Laflamme, reportedly said that the issue was being resolved, and all other suppliers for the event had been paid in full.
The double header event was the most popular event of the season in terms of crowd numbers, with an estimated 20,000 people turning out to see Canadian driver Steve Arpin race on home soil for the first time in his rallycross career. The Loenbro Motorsports driver won the first half of the event, but retired from the second main event on the final day.
Ottawa was absent from the recently-announced 2018 Red Bull GRC schedule, although one date was listed as to be confirmed. However, it is unlikely the series will return to Ottawa this year, despite Steve Ball, a co-chair with Ottawa 2017's board of directors, claiming that talks were ongoing to bring the rallycross event back to Canada's capital city.
(Repeats for additional clients with no changes to text)
By Devika Krishna Kumar
NEW YORK, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Surging shale oil production in Texas and North Dakota is being felt on trading desks in Chicago, Houston and New York, where a brisk business in West Texas Intermediate crude futures is far outpacing contracts for London-based Brent crude.
As the United States approaches a record 10.04 million barrels of daily production, trading volumes of so-called “WTI” futures exceeded volumes of Brent crude in 2017 by the largest margin in at least seven years.
A decade ago, falling domestic production and a U.S. ban on exports meant that WTI served mostly as a proxy for U.S. inventory levels.
“There was a time when the U.S. was disconnected from the global market,” said Greg Sharenow, portfolio manager at PIMCO, who co-manages more than $15 billion in commodity assets.
Two changes drove the resurgence of the U.S. benchmark. One was the boom in shale production, which spawned a multitude of small producers that sought to hedge profits by trading futures contracts. Then two years ago, the United States ended its 40-year ban on crude exports, making WTI more useful to global traders and shippers.
(For an interactive graphic detailing the global impacts of the U.S. shale revolution, see: tmsnrt.rs/2EtJgen)
U.S. exports averaged 1.1 million barrels a day through November 2017, rising to an average 1.6 million bpd in the final three months. That compares to just 590,000 bpd in 2016.
As U.S. production and exports grow, global firms that increasingly buy U.S. oil are offsetting their exposure by trading in U.S. financial markets. That also gives U.S. shale producers more opportunity to lock in profits on their own production.
RIVAL EXCHANGES, SHIFTING PROFITS
The U.S. boom has reignited a competition over oil trading that began in the 1980s between two of the world's biggest exchange operators - Intercontinental Exchange, and the New York Mercantile Exchange, or NYMEX, which was acquired by Chicago-based CME Group in 2008.
For ICE and CME, energy represents the second-biggest source of revenue, trailing only stocks and interest rate trading, respectively. ICE is based in Atlanta, but is known for its European contracts after it bought London's International Petroleum Exchange and its Brent futures contract in 2001.
About 310 million U.S. crude futures contracts - worth about $16 trillion in oil - changed hands on CME's New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) in 2017, far more than the about 242 million contracts in Intercontinental Exchange's Brent crude futures.
Energy products including WTI brought in $790 million in revenue for CME in 2016, the latest annual data available. Brent crude futures and options alone contributed nearly $300 million to ICE's revenues in 2016.
Since 2011, trading volumes in WTI futures have risen by about 135 million contracts, compared to an increase of about 109 million in Brent, according to exchange data.
CME has said there is a “clear trend” that the U.S. benchmark is being used more globally, in part because of growing production there and relatively stagnant output of the North Sea crude grades that underpin Brent trading.
That makes investors more likely to trade in WTI than Brent, said Owain Johnson, managing director of energy research and product development at CME.
“You know more about what WTI will look like in the next five years,” he said.
Jeffrey Sprecher, chief executive at ICE, dismissed the notion that WTI's global influence is rising versus Brent, calling it “a red herring.”
EXPORT SURGE LURES BUYERS
The increasing liquidity in U.S. oil futures stems partly from the surge in hedging by domestic shale producers but also from growing overseas interest, which pushed outstanding contracts to new records in 2017.
Average daily volumes in WTI futures from outside the U.S. jumped nearly 40 percent in 2017 over 2016, according to CME Group data. Foreign participation in WTI now represents about 30 percent of CME's average daily volume.
“The U.S. is reclaiming the title of being arguably the world's most relevant crude oil benchmark” because of rising U.S. exports and production, said Michael Tran, director of energy strategy at RBC Capital Markets in New York.
Purchasers worldwide say the U.S. contract may have to change, however, to reflect the price at export hubs such as Houston. Currently, WTI contracts are tied to oil deliverable at the landlocked storage hub in Cushing, Oklahoma.
More supply is coming to Gulf Coast ports from Texas, where production is now near 4 million barrels a day.
“We need a new benchmark for pricing American crude oil for export to Asia and other areas,” said Chen Bo, president of Chinese state oil trader Unipec, at an industry event in Houston in November.
Unipec is the trading arm of refiner Sinopec and the largest buyer of U.S. oil in Asia; Chinese firms bought an average of 220,000 barrels a day of U.S. crude last year.
Sources with two major trading firms said CME has approached them to gauge demand for a benchmark futures contract that would have Houston as its delivery point.
In December 2017, the NYMEX introduced a new contract aimed at the growing market of Asian buyers importing U.S. crude, such as China, the second biggest importer in 2017. The contract prices the spread between WTI and Middle-East benchmark Dubai.
The contract allows Asian refiners to better evaluate the economics of U.S. crude compared to oil elsewhere, Chen said.
The dominance of Europe's Brent and America's WTI crude futures comes despite Asia's growing share of global oil consumption, up from 27 percent in 2000 to almost 40 percent today. Europe's and North America's share of demand has declined.
A key reason for the Middle East's and Asia's failure to create an oil futures benchmark is that financial commodity trading is not well established in either region.
Middle Eastern producers are largely state-owned, and while the Dubai Mercantile Exchange (DME) was set up in 2007 to establish a new benchmark, it has so far not managed to attract enough liquidity to dominate the region.
In China, a long-delayed futures contract is expected to be launched by Shanghai's INE exchange this year, with the stated goal of becoming Asia's benchmark. But wrangling over details has undermined INE's credibility, analysts say.
That's left the United States, with its established commodity markets, operating as “the Wal-Mart of the oil market,” Tran said.
March 31 Faw Car Co Ltd
* Says it swings to net loss of 954.3 million yuan ($138.48 million) in 2016 versus net profit of 53.0 million yuan year ago
* Says it scraps D021 production project to avoid investment loss and optimize assets
* Says it plans engine projects with total investment of 357.7 million yuan
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2mV4KLS; bit.ly/2nqtEiD; bit.ly/2nlZ2Om
Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.8912 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
By Mayo Clinic Staff
Dietitian's tip: Making stock at home is a great way to avoid the high sodium in most prepared broths. Browning the ingredients before simmering imparts color and flavor to the finished stock.
Number of servings Serves 12
Ingredients
3 pounds bones from cooked chicken, trimmed of fat 3 carrots, cut into 2-inch pieces 2 celery stalks, cut into 2-inch pieces 1 large yellow onion, cut into chunks (about 2 cups) 1/4 teaspoon peppercorns 5 fresh flat-leaf (Italian) parsley sprigs 4 quarts cold water
Directions
Heat the oven to 450 F. Rinse the chicken bones in cold water and place in a large roasting pan. Roast the bones until browned on one side, about 20 minutes. Turn the bones, and add the carrots, celery and onion to the pan. Roast until bones and vegetables are evenly browned, about 20 minutes.
Transfer the vegetables and bones to a stockpot. Deglaze the hot roasting pan with a little water, stirring with a wooden spoon to scrape up any browned bits, and add the liquid to the stockpot. Add the peppercorns, parsley and cold water and slowly bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce the heat to low, cover partially, and simmer for 1 1/2 hours, using a spoon to regularly skim off the foam that rises to the surface. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly.
Carefully strain the stock into a bowl through a colander or sieve lined with paper towels or cheesecloth (muslin). Discard the bones and solids. Let cool at room temperature for about 1 hour.
Cover and refrigerate the stock overnight. With a large spoon, lift off any solidified fat from the surface and discard. Use the stock immediately, cover and refrigerate for up to 2 days, or freeze in airtight containers for up to 3 months. Makes about 12 cups.
Nutritional analysis per serving Serving size :1 cup Total carbohydrate 3 g
3 g Dietary fiber 0 g
0 g Sodium 12 mg
12 mg Saturated fat Trace
Trace Total fat Trace
Trace Cholesterol Trace Protein 1 g
1 g Monounsaturated fat Trace
Trace Calories 16
16 Trans fat 0 g
0 g Total sugars 0 g
0 g Added sugars 0 g DASH Eating Plan Servings Mayo Clinic Healthy Weight Pyramid Servings Diabetes Meal Plan Choices Free foods 1
This recipe is one of 150 recipes collected in "The New Mayo Clinic Cookbook," published by Mayo Clinic Health Information and Oxmoor House, and winner of the 2005 James Beard award.
Joe Thomas officially said goodbye to his playing career and looked ahead to what comes next.
The longtime Cleveland Browns offensive tackle held a press conference to announce his retirement on Monday.
"I've had a lot of outstanding memories of my 11 years in Cleveland," Thomas said.
Thomas, who played 10,363 consecutive snaps over 167 games and made 10 Pro Bowls, announced his retirement on Wednesday and then reflected on his career.
Thomas, 33, saw his streak of consecutive snaps end when he suffered a torn triceps in his left arm while blocking Tennessee Titans linebacker Brian Orakpo. Thomas' streak was believed to be the longest such run in NFL history.
"Not only did Joe play a lot and frequently, he played exceptionally well," Browns owner Jimmy Haslam said.
Before taking the podium, Thomas was honored by the team with statements from all six of his head coaches with the Browns, a few gifts and an award from the Cleveland media. Team staffers and fans also attended the ceremony while wearing T-shirts that read, "No Ordinary Joe."
"Joe means so much to me both personally and professionally," Browns head coach Hue Jackson said in a statement released by the team. "He has been not just a tremendous Cleveland Brown, but one of the best to ever play in the National Football League. I appreciate everything he has done for this organization and not just on the field, his leadership and what he brought to the locker room, as a coach you couldn't ask for a better captain than Joe Thomas. He earned the respect of teammates and peers around the league for the way he worked. To play 10,363 consecutive snaps, what a tremendous accomplishment. I don't know if something like that will ever be matched again."
General manager John Dorsey and Jackson presented Thomas with a fishing rod along with a vest embroidered with his number 73. The gift was symbolic since Thomas was fishing with his father on Lake Michigan when the Browns selected him with the third overall pick in the 2007 draft out of Wisconsin.
The Cleveland chapter of the Pro Football Writers Association also announced it was renaming its Browns Player of the Year Award in honor of Thomas.
Thomas also thanked his family, the fans, coaches, general managers and teammates while sharing various memories of his career. He also thanked cafeteria workers, security guards and other employees of the Browns.
Thomas said he hopes to be around football either in broadcasting or in coaching.
"I'm not sure. I think there are a few opportunities I'm exploring right now. I'm keeping all my doors open and I'm going to look for something that's the right fit for me and my family. I know part of the things that I'm excited with this retirement, obviously I'm going to be sad that I'm done with playing football, but I'm really excited to be able to spend more time with my family.
"So, whatever happens in the next phase of my life, I'm really looking forward to finding something that would fit what I hope to expect with my family life."
Before the press conference, Thomas' first five head coaches offered statements praising one of five players to make the Pro Bowl in each of his first 10 seasons in the league.
"First and foremast, congratulations on an outstanding career, including your 10 Pro Bowls, being named All-Pro multiple times and holding the record for longest consecutive snaps played," said Romeo Crennel, who coached the Browns from 2005 to 2008. "Not only are you a tremendous player, you are a tremendous person. Being able to live your dream and stay true to your heart is not always easy to do. You did it from start to finish. The importance of your family on draft day to the truth of the standard you have set for yourself as you step aside are shining examples of the person that you are. Wishing you all the best as you enter the next phase of your life. Congrats."
Said Eric Mangini, who coached the Browns from 2009 to 2010:
"Joe's commitment to the Cleveland Browns and the city of Cleveland was only surpassed by his drive to be an elite player and a great teammate. His work ethic, toughness, consistency and selflessness made him a role model for young fans to look up to and a player and person that all Browns fans can be proud of."
Said Pat Shurmur, who coached the Browns from 2011 to 2012:
"It's the end of a great career for Joe Thomas. I think back to when he was drafted, and he was out fishing with his father on draft day. We joked about that a few times. But when I think of Joe, certainly I think of the total pro, the true professional where he came to work every single day. You could guarantee his effort, you could guarantee his performance. He just played at such a high level for so very long. Joe is an outstanding player and is an even better person. He has shown that through the years in the community. Who he is, how he handles himself, what he's meant for the Browns for all those years, I'm certain he'll be missed."
Thomas' last two coaches before Jackson were Rob Chudzinski and Mike Pettine.
"From day one, Joe Thomas set the bar for what an NFL left tackle and great teammate should be during his career," Chudzinski said. "Joe made one of the toughest and most important jobs in professional football look easy for 11 years. He was an iron man who you knew you could count on to be there every day and every play. I have great admiration and appreciation for the attitude, leadership and excellence he displayed despite tough times and team struggles. His consecutive games streak is a testament to his toughness, durability and work ethic. One of the best to ever play the position, he was a great example for younger players of the right way to do things on and off the field. Joe was a throwback, old school, blue collar guy who epitomized the work ethic of the city of Cleveland and will be tremendously missed on the field by all true football fans."
"Joe Thomas is the ultimate professional and family man," Pettine said. "The amazing numbers that summarize Joe's career have been well documented yet only paint a partial picture of the man. I've heard many people say of Joe great player, even better person, and there is no truer statement. Despite the lack of team success and constant change, Joe remained steadfastly positive always pushing the Browns forward. It's hard to be in a bad mood around Joe and believe me, I tried. What he accomplished did not happen by accident. Joe's work ethic and preparation habits are among the very best in the history of this league. They serve as a tremendous example for young players wanting to play this great game for a long time. It's an honor to have coached Joe Thomas. I will be counting down the days until he is enshrined in Canton."
Former Rep. Michael Grimm (R-NY), again a candidate for his old House seat after a stint in prison attempting a comeback campaign on Staten Island, will join Breitbart News Saturday live from New York City in the SiriusXM Manhattan studios on Saturday morning for a one-hour special on his story live at 10 a.m. ET on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125.
Grimm will be interviewed by Breitbart News Washington Political Editor Matthew Boyle, Saturday's host, in the New York City studios after his meeting with ex-White House chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon earlier in the week on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C. Bannon, who has returned to Breitbart News as Executive Chairman after his White House stint and tenure as CEO of President Donald Trump's successful general election campaign, met Grimm at the Breitbart Embassy on Capitol Hill earlier this week, a meeting that has gone viral in the media.
advertisement
In an interview with Newsweek after the meeting, Grimm said about Bannon that: “We're definitely going to work together.”
Regarding his comeback campaign after he went to prison for tax evasion, Grimm—an ex-Marine and FBI agent before his first stint in the U.S. Congress—said: “And I can say that Steve Bannon was very excited about it.” Grimm is embracing President Trump and his populist nationalist ideals that he campaigned on in 2016, and Trump was elected in a landslide by the people of Staten Island—which comprises most of the district Grimm once represented that he seeks to reclaim from establishment Rep. Dan Donovan (R-NY). A whopping 57 percent of Staten Island went for Trump in the general election last year against Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton, and since Donovan is not aggressive in pushing the president's agenda Grimm represents a real threat to the establishment in Washington.
The story of Grimm's meeting with Bannon—just one of a handful of candidates for the U.S. House, U.S. Senate, and governorships nationwide who met with the Breitbart News Executive Chairman and former top White House official—has been picked up by nearly every media outlet in the country.
“We're joining the Bannon portfolio of Republican challengers to anti-Trump Republican congressmen,” Michael Caputo, another ex-Trump campaign official who is now representing Grimm in his comeback bid, told the New York Times for instance.
Others who will appear on the program on Saturday with Boyle including Montana's U.S. Senate GOP frontrunner candidate Matt Rosendale—the statewide insurance commissioner—and Dr. Mark Harris, a candidate for the U.S. House of Representatives in a primary against establishment-backed Rep. Robert Pittenger (R-NC) in North Carolina.
Pittenger just this week offended Republicans throughout his district and conservatives nationwide by palling around with disgraced ex-George W. Bush White House official Karl Rove. Rove is vehemently anti-Trump, as President Trump told Breitbart News in an April 2016 interview that Rove is a “dishonorable guy” who should not be allowed to write for the Wall Street Journal. Rove's involvement in any GOP campaign severely threatens the ability of incumbent Republicans to withstand scrutiny from mainline members of the party who comprise the GOP electorate. That point was evidenced by what happened in Alabama's recent U.S. Senate primary, where Luther Strange—the establishment-backed candidate—surrounded himself with acolytes of Rove including Senate Leadership Fund (SLF) president Steven Law and ex-Rove chief of staff Kristin Davison. Davison actually worked for the Strange campaign, whereas Law's group—which is affiliated with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell—spent millions upon millions of dollars backing Strange.
This weekend's Saturday program will begin to lay out how important the midterm elections are for the people across the country, and start telling the story Breitbart News will tell for the days, weeks, and months ahead about how the voters nationwide can wrangle control of the vision of the country away from unpopular leaders with demonstrated failures like McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan.
Breitbart News' own Sonnie Johnson will also do her weekly Sonnie's Corner segment, and callers are welcome to join the conversation on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125.
Share. Debuting in July. Debuting in July.
IGN and Disney are teaming up to bring gamers The IGN Show, premiering this July on Disney XD. The nightly show will cover everything you're into, from new trailers, exclusive first looks at all the hottest games, in-depth reviews, and all the latest news.
The IGN Show will also be hitting the road all summer long to bring you behind-the scenes access to huge events like Comic-Con, Anime Expo, EVO, PAX, GamesCom and plenty more.
The IGN Show is part of Disney XD's D|XP summer programming block, dedicated to the world of gaming. Look for IGN personalities including Naomi Kyle, Alanah Pearce, and plenty more to guide you through everything you need to know about all the latest games. We'll have much more to share about The IGN Show very soon - so don't miss it!
Born on the track and domesticated for the road thanks to homologation rules, these seven race car-derived gems are all heading to the auction block. While Group B was put out to pasture in 1986, the legendary cars born in that era will live on forever and now is your chance to buy one or all of them, should your pockets be deep enough. A trio of Lancias, a couple of Ford RS200s, a Peugeot 205 Turbo 16, and an Audi Sport Quattro throw in for good measure — all to be sold without reserve on August 18 by Bonhams at the Quail Lodge Auction.
1985 Lancia Delta S4 Stradale
Supercharged AND turbocharged, the road-going Lancia Delta is the epitome of a hot hatchback and is also one of the company's most exclusive cars. Only 200 were ever made to meet the aforementioned homologation rules. This 480-horsepower machine has only had one owner and is in pristine condition, as it should be considering the Stradale has covered fewer than 5,530 miles (8,900 kilometers).
1986 Ford RS200
Arguably one of the most extreme production cars to carry the Blue Oval, the Ford RS200 was an all-wheel-drive beast with a Cosworth 1.8-liter engine mounted in the middle pushing out about 250 hp. This particular car has had the same owner since 1989 and is original both inside and out. It even comes bundled with the tool box.
1985 Peugeot 205 Turbo 16
It may have been badged as a “205,” but the T16 had virtually nothing in common with the regular model. With a mid-engine AWD layout like its race car counterpart, the 200-hp feisty hatchback was also much wider. All 200 cars were built in a left-hand-drive specification and were painted in dark grey, except for the first one finished in white with body graphics taken from the rally car. As for this one, it's all-original and the odometer reads just fewer than 745 miles (1,200 km).
1985 Audi Sport Quattro S1
Heralding Audi's now famous AWD system, this one-owner Sport Quattro is like a time capsule and even has Walter Röhrl's signature above the four-ring logo on the steering wheel. Power comes from the iconic five-cylinder turbocharged mill with around 300 hp delivered to both axles through a five-speed manual. Audi made more than the necessary 200 units, but it is believed only about 164 were ever actually sold. This is one of them.
1975 Lancia Stratos HF Stradale
If you're a Lancia fan, it probably doesn't get any better than the Stratos HF Stradale designed and built by Bertone. At its heart is a de-tuned version of the rally car's 2.4-liter V6 Dino engine rated at about 192 hp, which was enough punch for a 0-62 mph (0-100 kph) run in a respectable 6.8 seconds and a 144-mph (232-kph) top speed. In current ownership since 1989, this “highly original” example and one of the 500 cars ever made, has been driven for a mere 7,891 miles (12,700 km).
1986 Ford RS200 Evolution
Because obviously the regular RS200 was not hardcore enough, Ford built an even more intense Evolution version in just 24 units. At full boost, the enlarged 2.1-liter Cosworth engine generated a whopping 600 hp or even more, though it's unclear whether this particular car was taken to the max. What we do know is that it's had the same owner since 1989 and appears to be in great shape.
1983 Lancia-Abarth 037 Stradale
Remember when we said it doesn't get any better than the Stratos HF Stradale for Lancia fans? Scratch that. The Abarth-tuned 037 Stradale has one of the most alluring shapes to come from Italy and its body was made from Kevlar reinforced with fiberglass. The rear-wheel-drive coupe had a mid-mounted supercharged 2.0-liter engine with 205 hp on tap delivered to the road via a five-speed engine. This one's too “highly original” and with only 5,840 miles (9,400 km) on the clock.
All things considered, you wouldn't go wrong with any of these seven cars. Now, head to your local casino and hope for that lucky number 7 (get it?) to arrive at the right time.
Photos: Bonhams (1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7)
[India] Jul 4 (ANI): In order to boost the income of the farmers the Union Cabinet on Wednesday approved the Minimum Support Price (MSP) for Kharif crops for the year 2018-19.
The meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi approved the proposal made by Union Minister Arun Jaitley in the Budget 2018 of hiking the support price by one-and-a-half times of the production cost for Kharif crops.
MSP is referred to a price at which the government buys crops from the farmers, to protect agriculture producers from fall in farm prices.
The MSP for paddy has been increased by around Rs 200 per quintal, Jowar (hybrid) by Rs 730 per quintal and Ragi by Rs 997 per quintal. Apart from this, the MSP of both cotton (medium staple) and cotton (long staple) has been increased by Rs 1130 per quintal. In his 2018 Budget speech, Jaitley had announced that think-tank Niti Aayog in consultation with central and state governments will put in place a mechanism to ensure farmers get benefits of the minimum support price. Since 2007-08, MSP has gone up from Rs 745 to Rs 1550 per quintal. In 2008-09, the MSP was increased from Rs 745 per quintal in the previous FY to Rs 900 per quintal (an increase of Rs 155 per quintal). Rs 100 per quintal on MSP was also raised by the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) Government in FY 2009-10. (ANI)
With Super Bowl LII just around the corner, it's now time to get some polls going this weekend to get a feel for what Jaguars fans are thinking about for the upcoming matchup. For our first poll, we'd simply like to know who do you all believe will win the big one?
Due to the Jacksonville Jaguars taking on the New England Patriots nearly two weeks ago, readers of our site, of course, are more familiar with them. There pretty much isn't much to say aside from they're a dynasty. They have two Hall of Famers in quarterback in Tom Brady and coach Bill Belichick as well as the league's best tight end, Rob Gronkowski. That pretty much sums it up in a nutshell.
As for the Philadelphia Eagles, they are a team who Jags fans may not be as familiar with but are very similar to the Cardiac Cats. They run the ball well and finished the regular season as the No. 3 ranked rushing unit and were also third in points scored. Though they lost Carson Wentz earlier in the season, coach Doug Pederson — one of the league's best play-callers — has done a marvelous job of propelling them to the Super Bowl. Running backs Jay Ajayi and LeGarrette Blount have played key roles in spearheading the offense by doing the dirty work and moving them down the field. Meanwhile, wide receivers Alshon Jeffery, Nelson Aghlor and tight end Zach Ertz accounted for a combined total of 26 touchdowns in the regular season, which tells fans all they need to know about red zone production.
On defense, they run a wide-nine scheme along the lines of what the Jags did when Gus Bradley was the coach. Like Jacksonville, they have a variety of players who can get to the quarterback in Brandon Graham, Fletcher Cox, Vinny Curry and Derek Barnett among notables. On top of that, they stop the run well, too, and will enter Sunday's game as the No. 2 ranked rushing defense of the postseason.
When taking all of these tidbits into account, the Eagles without a doubt have a chance to beat the Patriots and shouldn't be counted out. However, the Patriots have been to the Super Bowl multiple times and understand what it takes to win the big one. That said, feel free to let us know who you're taking in the poll above.
Vice President Robredo and House Speaker Alvarez get the highest disapproval and distrust ratings among the 5 top officials. The 3 highest officials – President Duterte, Robredo, and Senate President Pimentel – still get the trust and performance approval of the majority of Filipinos.
MANILA, Philippines – Of the 5 highest ranking government officials, Vice President Leni Robredo and House Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez got the highest "disapproval" and "distrust" ratings based on the March 2017 Ulat ng Bayan Pulse Asia survey.
Still, the Vice President is among 3 officials – the other two being President Rodrigo Duterte and Senate President Aquilino Pimentel III – who got the trust and performance approval of the majority of Filipinos.
The survey, conducted from March 15-20 with 1,200 face-to-face interviews, has a margin of error of ± 3 at 95% confidence level.
For geographic areas, the survey has a ± 6% error margin, also at 95% confidence level.
Political events and developments that may have influenced sentiments of respondents include the filing of the first impeachment complaint against Duterte and the Senate hearing where retired Senior Police Officer 3 Arturo Lascañas alleged that Duterte masterminded the Davao Death Squad.
Other major events leading up to the survey are the showing of Robredo's anti-drug war video message at a UN side event, the arrest of Senator Leila de Lima on drug charges, the suspension and resumption of the police's involvement in the war on drugs, the approval of the death penalty bill in the House of Representatives, and the murder of South Korean businessman Jee Ick Joo inside the Philippine National Police headquarters, among others.
Disapproval among Class ABC
Sixteen percent of respondents disapproved of Robredo performance – the same ratings she got in the quarterly poll released in December 2016.
Robredo got the highest "disapproval" among Class ABC respondents, from 14% in December 2016 to 29% in March.
In terms of geographic area, the Vice President got the highest disapproval rating in Metro Manila (25%) and Mindanao (18%), where President Rodrigo Duterte hails.
Robredo is followed by Duterte's ally Alvarez with a consistent disapproval rating of 14% in the last two quarters.
Alvarez received the highest disapproval numbers in the rest of Luzon, from 15% to 18%, followed by his hometown Mindanao, from 7% to 11%.
More affluent respondents also expressed their disapproval of the House leader. From 11% in December 2016, Class ABC's disapproval of Alvarez increased 9 percentage points to 20%.
Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno got lower disapproval ratings, 11% in March from from 12% in December. Sentiment against her, however, rose by 4 points in Mindanao, from 11% to 15%.
Senate President Aquilino Pimentel III got 8% disapproval, down by 1 point. But Pimentel's disapproval ratings doubled among Class ABC from 7% to 15% and increased among Class E from 7% to 11%.
President Rodrigo Duterte got higher disapproval ratings in March (7%) than in December (5%). His disapproval numbers increased among all socio-economic groups and geographical areas.
Majority approval
As for approval ratings, Duterte still has the nod of most Filipinos amid controversies against him, with a 78% rating, which represened his steepest decline yet. He got 83% in December 2016.
Robredo follows him with 58% approval rating, 4 points lower than in December.
Pimentel's approval ratings stayed the same at 55%, while Sereno got 42%, 5 points down.
Alvarez remained to be the least approved public official with a rating of 40%, 3 points down from December.
Distrust, trust ratings
The 3 highest government officials – Duterte, Robredo, and Pimentel – got the trust and nod of the majority of Filipinos.
While Duterte's trust ratings significantly dropped from 83% to 76%, the President remains to be the most trusted public official despite controversies.
He is followed by Robredo with a 56% trust rating, a 2-point decline from her rating in December. Pimentel got 51% while Sereno got 40%.
Alvarez got the lowest trust rating with 37%, slightly higher than December's 38%.
As for "distrust" ratings, Robredo received the highest at 16%, slightly up from 15% in December 2016.
More respondents from Class ABC expressed “distrust” in her – from 12% in December to 33% in March 2017.
Distrust in the Vice President also went up in Metro Manila by 4 points, from 21% to 25% in March, and 5 points in Mindanao from 13% to 18%.
House Speaker Alvarez follows with a 15% distrust rating, a one-point increase from December. He got the highest distrust rating in his home region Mindanao and in the rest of Luzon.
More Filipinos from the ABC class also expressed distrust in him, from 14% in December to 19% in March.
Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno got 12% distrust ratings, down from 13% in December.
Senate President Pimentel's number remained unchanged at 8%, while President Duterte got a slightly higher rating of 5%. – Rappler.com
KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Believe it or not, high school football begins this Friday on the Missouri. Kansas isn't too far behind with their first action coming up in two weeks. All Fall long 41 Action News will keep a weekly ranking of the best teams in Kansas City. Here's our high school football poll for Week 1.
The current-generation Range Rover in the range-topping SVAutobiography trim with the supercharged V8 engine weighs a hefty 2,606 kilograms (5,745 pounds) and that's before you start playing with the configurator to add optional goodies. To put that number into perspective, it makes the SUV approximately 166 kg (366 lbs) heavier than the Bentley Bentayga with its massive W12 engine.
All that will change with the next generation of the big luxury SUV as the revamped Range Rover will switch to an entirely new platform. Dubbed “Modular Longitudinal Architecture,” the hardware will be put to good use in a multitude of Jaguar Land Rover models in the next decade, models that will be as small as the XE and as big as the Range Rover.
It's unclear at this point how much fat the MLA platform will shave off, but Autocar is reporting it will be “significantly lighter” compared to the D7u that has underpinned the current-gen Range Rover. The U.K. magazine goes on to say the new one will have just about the same size as today's model and will adopt an evolutionary design.
An evolution rather than a revolution will also occur inside the cabin where Land Rover will install its newest version of the Touch Pro Duo infotainment system that originally debuted in the Velar with a pair of 10-inch screens. The next Range Rover is also said to get the Jaguar E-Pace's Smart settings, which refers to artificial intelligence algorithms allowing the vehicle to learn the driver's habits to predict climate settings, seat and mirror positions, among others.
Being able to substantially reduce weight will allow Land Rover to further implement electrification across the range beyond the P400e version available today. A fully electric derivative is on the agenda, but not from day one as apparently the first pure EV badged as a Range Rover will be a standalone model.
As far as the combustion engines are concerned, the next-gen model will usher in a new crop of straight-six gasoline and diesel mills part of the Ingenium family. Some of these will adopt mild hybrid tech to cut fuel consumption and drive down harmful emissions.
All these changes won't have a negative impact on the Range Rover's off-road capabilities as Land Rover will keep those intact since it believes that's the main advantage the model has compared to its segment rivals.
If the report is accurate, the reworked Range Rover will be out in 2021 when the fifth generation will have to do battle with newcomers such as the BMW X8 and Audi Q9, although these two haven't been confirmed just yet.
Source: Autocar
Week of August 14th
Yo-Yo Ma, Chris Thile, Edgar Meyer
Bach Trios
After the popular success of their last recording together, The Goat Rodeo Sessions, cellist Yo-Yo Ma, mandolin player Chris Thile, and bassist Edgar Meyer reunite for Bach Trios. Based primarily on works for the keyboard, Bach Trios demonstrates the endless adaptability of Bach's music and the nearly endless virtuosity of these three exciting performers.
Buy CD
Some patient conditions require dental surgery to be done in a hospital operating room. (Black Press files)
Waiting lists will be shortened this year for people requiring hospital admission for dental surgery, B.C. Health Minister Adrian Dix says.
Additional funding this year will allow 900 more procedures for children and adults who require general anesthetic for dental surgery procedures, due to complex medical conditions or developmental disabilities.
“I have heard from parents whose sons and daughters are suffering for long periods in pain, in some cases without any understanding of what is happening to them,” Dix said. “This is something we need to address, and that is why we are taking action today.”
The increase in procedures is the largest increase ever in B.C., Dix said. Health ministry data show that an average of 15 per cent of people needing hospital surgery for dental problems waited more than 26 weeks.
Island Health had more than 20 per cent of patients waiting at least 26 weeks, followed by 14.8 per cent in Fraser health and 10.9 per cent in the Interior Health region.
The total number of hospital-based dental surgeries is funded to increase from 6,200 last fiscal year to 7,100 in 2018-19.
“Recognizing those with developmental disabilities, such as Down syndrome, cerebral palsy and autism, need more access for dental care that can better accommodate their physical needs is long overdue,” said Faith Bodnar, executive director of disability rights group Inclusion B.C.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
× Joe Biden throwing shade: the US is ‘walking down a very dark path' under Trump
Former Vice President Joe Biden offered a scathing indictment of Donald Trump and his administration Thursday night, suggesting the President is leading the US “down a very dark path” of geopolitical decline.
“We really worry that we're walking down a very dark path. It's not alarmist. We're walking down a very dark path that isolates the United States on the world stage and, as a consequence, endangers — not strengthens — endangers American interests and the American people,” Biden said.
Biden, who was being honored with the Center for Strategic and International Studies' Zbigniew Brzezinski Annual Prize, referred to Trump by name only a handful of times in his blistering condemnation — a strategy he, former President Barack Obama, former first lady Michelle Obama and others have used to criticize the 45th President.
However, his condemnation was unmistakeably pointed. Biden portrayed Trump as a “charlatan” who had preyed on America's worst ills to gain the Oval Office and was threatening to undo decades of precedent and the alliances that the US has forged.
“The appeal to populism and nationalism is a siren song, a way for charlatans to aggrandize their power, raise themselves up, break down those mechanisms that are designed within our Constitution and internationally to limit the abuse of power and destabilize the world,” Biden said. He later denounced Trump's attacks on the press and the courts.
Biden lambasted Trump's speech to the United Nations General Assembly, in which he called North Korea's Kim Jong-un “rocket man” and threatened to “totally destroy” that nation if forced to defend the US or its allies.
“Trading insults. Deploying taunting nicknames. Promising to ‘totally destroy' a country of 25 million people. Such erratic action only worsens the crisis and rejects the possibility of diplomacy and actively increases the risk of conflict,” Biden said. He suggested that the rhetoric was reminiscent of those that preceded World Wars I and II.
“To stand in the well of the General Assembly and wave the flag of narrow nationalism while warning of a future vulnerable to ‘decay, dominion and defeat' marks a dangerous revision of political small-mindedness that led the world to consume itself in two world wars in the last century, and it abandons America's hard-won position as the indispensable nation, as a leader that inspires more than fear,” Biden said.
On reports that Trump intends to “decertify” the Iran nuclear deal, Biden said the move would isolate the US, not Iran. Moreover, that action, coupled with the US exit from the Paris climate accord and the Trans-Pacific Partnership, could cause the rest of the world to “(call) into question what the word of the United States is actually worth.”
Biden slammed Trump for his repeated refusal to condemn Russia's interference in the US political process.
“So far, President Trump has been unwilling to call out (Russian President Vladimir) Putin for Russia's meddling, even in our own democratic process, or criticize his action,” he said. “Think of that. Think of the signal it sends around the world for God's sake.”
Speaking more generally, Biden painted a picture of an administration in foreign policy disarray, citing their “ideological incoherence, inconsistent and confusing messaging, erratic decision-making, unwillingness or inability to solve problems caused by understaffing.”
“When's the last time, in the State Department, you can stand on the seventh floor and yell and hear an echo?”
“For as long as I've been in politics, the United States has earned the respect of the world when we've led with our values. We haven't been perfect by any stretch of the imagination … but on balance, the world has always looked to us, believing that we mean what we say even if we don't always live up to it,” Biden said, almost shouting.
“It's irresponsible. It's this brand of zero-sum thinking that I find the most disturbing and dangerous,” he added.
“Rather than building a shared narrative of freedom and democracy that inspires nations to unite in common goals, this administration casts global affairs in a dog-eat-dog competition, like it's a competition — who gets that plot to build the new high-rise building,” Biden said, dinging Trump's background as a real-estate developer.
Biden said it was essential for the US not only to remember its core values but to advocate for them.
“Think of all who came, and all those who came, before you! They had courage. They had a sense of optimism. They were persistent. That's who the hell we are!” he said. “Treating everyone with dignity without exception, respecting the rule of law, modeling an unassailable commitment to freedom of speech and freedom of the press.”
“We can't let the current distractions keep us from keeping an eye on the horizon as well,” he added, suggesting that he and Obama could be increasingly likely to speak out against Trump.
“I really feel incredibly strongly that the women and men sitting before me, who have been the intellectual backbone of the foreign policy establishment in this country for decades, have to start to speak out,” he said. “President Obama and I have been very quiet and respectful, giving the administration time. Some of these roots are being sunk too deeply. I believe it's time to challenge some of the dangerous assumptions that are attempting to replace that liberal world order.”
As I sit and type, I can look out the window of my 1930s-era home and see a construction project well underway. Across the street, another project is planned. Further down, another. New developments are everywhere, it seems, and my community is changing. And it's not just my neighbourhood. Our city is changing, growing and transforming.
But I guess it always has been.
So, dear Ottawa, what will you become? What will this city—my home—be like as I age? What will you be like when I'm gone?
When I think of our future, I envision a city of communities, connected and working together — each with something to offer; each with a personality.
Soon, we'll get light rail. Trains will run under our city, bringing us closer together. We have plans to go further, to Kanata, to Orleans, to the airport. We'll get there … and we'll keep going.
We'll go underneath Bank Street, connecting Billings Bridge and Lansdowne Park to downtown and the Confederation Line. We'll let more and more Ottawans access more and more of our city.
Just about everywhere I go in this city, I see people out and enjoying their community. From the Cumberland Museum to Andrew Haydon Park, there are activities and events and people sharing in the fun. This is our future. We're going to build a city where we worry less about finding parking and more about meeting people.
We'll build better public spaces, a new library and pedestrian plazas. We'll know that the best thing about Ottawa is each other.
READ: Ottawa is changing before our eyes: As we hit Canada's 150th, where is the capital going?
But too often, I look around Ottawa and I see people and places left behind, ignored and disparaged. In recent years, the city's budget has been balanced on the backs of the poor. We underfund transit. We cut social services. We're a wealthy city that hasn't always been willing to act like it.
In 2015, we briefly lost the Odawa Native Friendship Centre. We rely on organizations such as the Ottawa Mission, Centre 454, Centretown Emergency Food Centre, the Sandy Hill Laundry Co-op and the Shepherds of Good Hope to provide services to our neighbours in need.
They are constantly in need of funds, and philanthropy only goes so far. We need to do better, Ottawa, and we will.
In the decades to come, we will build more affordable housing. We will embark on projects such as Regent Park in Toronto or the East Lake redevelopment in Atlanta. We'll do this because we'll realize that the neglect suffered by people in areas such as Albion-Heatherington or Caldwell Heights isn't acceptable.
We have smart, caring people in this city. We're going to do great things for our neglected communities.
Just look at the St. Charles Market. Vanier has suffered from a bad reputation ever since I was playing street hockey on Dublin Avenue. The re-development of St. Charles is just the first step in helping Vanier reach its potential.
Thirty years ago, who would have thought Hintonburg would become the thriving hot spot it is now? Sixty years ago, who would have thought the Glebe would shake off its identity as a working-class neighbourhood?
In 20, 30 and 50 years, which areas will be the next great neighbourhoods? I can't wait to see what becomes of Lebreton Flats, the Oblates Lands, Tunney's Pasture and Canadian Forces Base Rockliffe. We've had a taste of what we can do with such projects, but now we will learn from our mistakes.
And what will become of Lansdowne? It hasn't lived up to its promises, and though it's better than what was there before, that's not a standard Ottawa will tolerate much longer. Lansdowne will change and grow. It must.
And as it does, it will gain more and more memories, holding much of the lore of Ottawa sports. We'll reminisce about the Miracle on Bank Street, the ageless magic of Henry Burris, and of victories and championships still to come.
Lansdowne will sing. Our memories of joy, frivolity and, yes, heartache will live on in that stadium.
More than anything, Ottawa, I look forward to a time when politicians and pundits no longer worry about being “world class”. We're a great a city with great potential. There's no reason for this inferiority complex.
I look forward to a time in which we all ignore folks who have clearly never gone to anything like the Arboretum Festival or Glowfair, our farmers' markets or the Fringe Festival who still cling to the tired cliché of the “city that fun forgot”. We're more than this Ottawa.
We're people working together, hosting events, starting businesses, helping charities and nurturing communities. We're going to keep doing this, and we're going to keep making our home better, more hospitable and more caring.
Soon, Ottawa, there will be a time when those working for a better city won't be dismissed as complainers. Those who love all this city is and all this city can be will be lauded.
MORE: Walk the Line: The Citizen treks across the biggest infrastructure project in Ottawa's history
I'm excited about our future, Ottawa, even if I won't get to see all you become. I see kids at the park and walking to school and playing in the street. Who will they be? What will they do? Is that the future mayor at a skate park? A local celebrity swimming in the wading pool?
So hang on, Ottawa. Over the coming decades, you're going to change, grow and thrive. And I couldn't be prouder of you.
—
Jonathan McLeod is a writer and lifetime resident of Ottawa.
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
The beloved snowman looks for Christmas traditions for Elsa and Anna
Published 9:55 AM, June 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The trailer for the short film Olaf's Frozen Adventure has been released online.
In the clip, Elsa, queen of Arendelle, tells the people that the holidays have officially begun. Anna asks Elsa if they have any family traditions for Christmas, to which Elsa replies none. Elsa says she blames herself for this, since she discovered her powers at a young age.
Having heard the conversation and wanting to help the sisters, Olaf asks Sven the reindeer to join him on a mission to look for Christmas traditions from other families, with some misadventures along the way.
The movie, according to the announcement caption on YouTube, will open in theaters in the US before the showing of Disney and Pixar's film Coco in November.
Are you excited to see Olaf's Frozen Adventure in theaters? Let us know in the comments section! – Rappler.com
× U.S. unemployment rate drops 4.2%, lowest since 2001
(CNN Money) — The United States lost 33,000 jobs in September as the economy took a hit from Hurricanes Harvey and Irma. It was the first monthly decline in jobs in seven years.
The jobless rate dropped to 4.2%, the lowest since 2001.
Economists had been expecting an increase of 90,000 jobs, even after accounting for the hurricanes. But the economists and Labor Department expect the decline to be short-lived as employers closed by the storm in Houston and Florida are able to reopen.
There could be an increase in jobs in coming months due to the storms as homes and other buildings are repaired or rebuilt, and Americans buy cars and other items to replace those that were lost.
Even the drop in jobs reported in September could disappear in future revisions of the estimate as the Labor Department is able to collect information from businesses that it was unable to contact due to the storm.
The hurricanes already appear to have led to job creation in some parts of the economy.
The insurance industry added 10,900 jobs in September as claims adjusters were hired to assess the damage. And building supply stores was by far the strongest segment of retailing. Those stores added 5,300 jobs, even as retailing overall lost 2,900 in the month.
Related: Irma and Harvey together will be as expensive as Hurricane Katrina
Hurricane Harvey came ashore on the Texas Gulf Coast on Aug. 25, too late to show up in the August jobs reading. But many businesses were still closed by the flooding that accompanied the storm when the Labor Department started to survey employers in the middle of September.
Hurricane Irma hit the Florida Keys on Sunday, Sept. 10, then moved up the state in the following days, shutting down many employers, including both businesses, schools and government offices, during the week that employment is measured.
Related: 5 innovators: How we deal with stress
The biggest hit to jobs came from a drop of 105,000 at restaurants and bars. The Labor Department said that decline is very likely related to the storms. The sector had been adding about 24,000 jobs a month before the storm.
The 4.2% unemployment rate was down from 4.4% in August. The drop was a surprise to economists and was not related to the hurricane. Instead it came from a jump in the number of workers telling the Labor Department they had found work, and a drop in those who were without a job. The unemployment rate is now close to what economists consider to be full employment.
Hurricane Maria, which devastated Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, did not affect this report. That storm hit after Labor Department completed surveys of businesses for September. Second, these national jobs numbers do not include those islands, even though the Labor Department does track hiring and job losses there.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DESOTO -- From current events to the latest gossip, when it comes to the barbershop, virtually no topic is off limits. And that's certainly the case at the All-Star Barber Shop in Desoto. This week, the talk is focused on the Cowboys starting running back Ezekiel Elliott.
The war of words between Scott Baio and Nicole Eggert has reached new heights.
The battle began in January after Eggert, 46, accused her former Charles in Charge costar Scott, 57, of molesting her beginning at age 14. Scott has adamantly denied the allegations.
Last week, Eggert took aim at Scott and his wife Renee, as well as their daughter Bailey, 10, via Twitter. Though Eggert has since made her account private, Renee posted screenshots of Eggert's tweets to her own account. The Blast was the first to report the news.
According to the screenshots, Eggert alleged that the foundation the Baios created to raise awareness for the disease that killed their unborn baby was illegitimate — and that the disease itself is “non existent.”
Nicole Eggert (left); Renee and Scott Baio Bobby Bank/Getty; Amy Graves/WireImage
When Renee was pregnant with Bailey, she was actually carrying twins, but the couple lost one of the babies at 11 weeks due to a rare and potentially deadly metabolic disorder known as glutaric acidemia type 1 (GA-1). When Bailey was born, she initially tested positive for the same disease and remained hospitalized for three months. Luckily, she was eventually given a clean bill of health despite being a carrier for the disease.
Scott and Renee established a foundation, the Bailey Baio Angel Foundation, to draw attention to the issue and support families with children affected by GA-1.
“Who do they help? A non existent disease?” Eggert tweeted on Friday about the foundation alongside several crying-tears-of-laughter emojis.
Renee then posted a screenshot of the tweet, writing: “This person just condemned every child that suffers from an organic acidemia. My husband and I lost a child to GA-1.”
This person just condemned every child that suffers from an organic acidemia. My husband and I lost a child to GA-1 pic.twitter.com/huF5E7ZZet — Renee Baio (@MrsScottBaio) April 20, 2018
Screenshots of the tweets, which are no longer public, show Eggert clarifying that the disease is real, but she believes the Baios' daughter Bailey is not affected by it. She also allegedly claimed their foundation had been “reported.”
“Ms Eggert, OUR BABY DIED & our daughter spent 3 months at Childrens Hospital before learning she's a carrier,” Renee responded. “Bailey Baio Angel Foundation has NEVER been fined. NEVER! You CAN bet your a— I'll request 2 audits yours.”
Ms Eggert, OUR BABY DIED & our daughter spent 3 months at Childrens Hospital before learning she's a carrier. pic.twitter.com/lICjkLl2wS — Renee Baio (@MrsScottBaio) April 23, 2018
Ms. Eggert, Bailey Baio Angel Foundation has NEVER been fined.NEVER! You CAN bet your ass I'll request 2 audits yours pic.twitter.com/TXJmuIHYAZ — Renee Baio (@MrsScottBaio) April 23, 2018
.@ItalianSugar_11 ~ Nicole Eggert's statement about the Baio's Foundation, tweeting that GA1 (Glutaric acidemia type 1) is a "nonexistent disease," didn't go over very well with many people. pic.twitter.com/SpZ1obhoww — ☀️Tuesday☀️™ (@TuesdayTells) April 23, 2018
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
Eggert's tweets have sparked outrage amongst parents of special needs children, with one Twitter user calling the actress a “disgusting human being” and another saying her tweet was “horrible and distasteful.”
In a statement to PEOPLE through his rep Brian Glicklich, Baio says, “Nicole Eggert's attack on every family living with GA-1 or any other Organic Acidemia is one of the lowest and most horrifying thoughtless insults I have ever witnessed. She did so to hurt my wife Renee, who works tirelessly for these families on behalf of both the child we lost, and the one that spent most of the first three months of her life in the hospital.”
“Even this week, Renee was contacted by a family of a newborn who is motionless in the upper body, suffering from brain bleeding, and apparently blind, waiting for test results confirming this diagnosis. We are supporting them as best we can through one of the most traumatic events anyone can imagine,” he adds. “There is no place for Nicole Eggert's malevolent hate, either online or elsewhere. Her words speak for themselves.”
Eggert's rep did not immediately return PEOPLE's request for comment.
Newly released records show the state suspended a Wichita group boarding home's license after a federal agency said it suspected the foster care children living there had been sexually and physically abused.
The Wichita Eagle reports that the Kansas Department of Children of Families released records last week about a girl's removal in November from Carla's Youth Residential Center in response to a records request. The emergency suspension order that led to the girls' removal said failures at the center created a situation that put children “at risk of on-going physical and emotional harm.” The order also said that federal officials believe the residents “are not in a safe living environment.”
The Eagle sought the records after the center asked for a Sedgwick County judge to review the suspension decision.
NEW YORK -- While Brandon Drury is inching closer to returning, rookie Miguel Andujar is giving first-year manager Aaron Boone something to think about when making up lineup cards and deciding who plays third base for the New York Yankees.
Andujar began the season 3-for-28, but he is hitting .316 after homering and getting at least two hits for the sixth time in seven games in a series-opening 14-1 rout of the Minnesota Twins on Monday night. In those games, he is batting .517 (15-for-29) with three homers, eight runs scored, eight RBIs and 10 extra-base hits.
Andujar looks to continue his run of productive at-bats for the Yankees on Tuesday in the second game of a four-game series against the Twins at Yankee Stadium.
"He's a really gifted hitter," Boone said of Andujar, who hit his third homer and doubled Monday. "He's gotten comfortable and now we're seeing what a gifted hitter can do."
Andujar is among four players in the last 20 years to get an extra-base hit in seven straight games. The others are Cody Bellinger, Corey Seager, Freddie Freeman and Albert Pujols.
"The guy can hit, hit for power, hit to all fields, and it's fun to watch," Yankees right fielder Aaron Judge said.
Drury was acquired from the Arizona Diamondbacks in spring training to give the Yankees a little more experience than Andujar. He went 5-for-23 before being sidelined with migraine headaches and blurred vision on April 7.
Drury is slated to begin a rehab assignment Wednesday with Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre. Until then, they'll continue to be intrigued by Andujar, who hit a home run clocked at 110 mph off the bat on Monday.
"Obviously, guys are making progress from the injury front," Boone said before Andujar's latest productive game. "The more talented guys that we can have in the mix, I look forward to those options. Because a couple of weeks ago, we were struggling just to get a team out there on a couple of those nights."
Andujar was hardly the only productive Yankees player on a night when they set a season high for runs. Giancarlo Stanton's batting average went from .185 to .224 after he homered and went 4-for-4 with a walk.
The Twins (8-9) are on a four-game losing streak and below .500 for the second time this season. During the skid, they are getting outscored 40-15 while pitching to a 10.43 ERA.
Minnesota's bullpen particularly has struggled. During the last four games, it has allowed 23 earned runs in 13 1/3 innings for a 15.53 ERA.
The lone positive from the series opener was Brian Dozier running his hitting streak to 17 games with an RBI single. Going back to Sept. 22, he is hitting .373 (38-for-102) during a 24-game hitting streak.
After Masahiro Tanaka pitched 6 2/3 effective innings, the Yankees hope to get the same from CC Sabathia in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a hip injury. Sabathia returned Thursday and allowed two unearned runs and four hits in 4 1/3 innings during a 4-3 win over the Toronto Blue Jays.
Sabathia is 19-9 with a 3.16 ERA in 38 career starts against Minnesota. If he gets the win, the Twins would be the third team he has at least 20 career wins against (also Detroit and Kansas City)
The left-hander is 12-2 with a 2.48 ERA in his last 17 starts against the Twins since the start of the 2007 season and 7-1 in 11 starts against them as a Yankees pitcher.
Jose Berrios will attempt to get his 20th career victory in his first appearance against the Yankees since allowing three runs and five hits in three innings during a relief outing in Minnesota's 8-4 loss in the wild-card game.
Berrios is 2-1 with a 1.63 ERA so far after winning 14 games last season. He last pitched in Puerto Rico on Wednesday when he allowed three hits in seven scoreless innings during a 2-1 win over the Cleveland Indians in 15 innings.
"He's gotten off to a very good start," Twins manager Paul Molitor said before Monday's game. "He's throwing better than I've ever seen him."
Berrios enters with a scoreless streak of 14 innings and has issued one walk to his first 99 hitters faced.
Including the wild-card game when he took the loss, Berrios is 1-2 with a 4.84 ERA in four appearances (two starts).
Cal Ripken Jr. stopped by the ribbon cutting for new athletic fields at Southeast High School, near SE 52nd and Shields in Oklahoma City.
A big name in baseball was in town for a special event Tuesday.
Cal Ripken Jr. stopped by the ribbon cutting for new athletic fields at Southeast High School, near SE 52nd and Shields in Oklahoma City.
News 9's Alex Cameron emceed the occasion.
What's your favourite thing about Dundalk?
I love the fact it's infamous. There are loads of nondescript places in Ireland but our town is not one of them.
Dundalk's evolved and shaken off old stereotypes, it's still got a reputation (and that's a good thing) but yet it continues to pleasantly surprise people with its subtle beauty and warm-natured people.
What would your perfect day in the local area be — and why?
On my day off; have a lie-in, a lazy breakfast and then take the dog for an epic walk somewhere down the coast. I'm actually getting over losing a dog recently; the only way to mend my broken heart is to get a new one.
What would you like to change about Dundalk?
The addition of a coastline walk from Soldiers Point all the way out to Blackrock would be awesome.
What annoys you about the town?
Very little really, I'm proud to be from Dundalk so to condemn it would be hypocritical.
But, people skipping the queue when a new one forms in Lidl really does grind my gears. The council putting in speed bumps on a road full of potholes always cracks me up too.
What plans do you have for the rest of year?
We'll continue to work hard in the shop, trying to improve a little bit every day. We'll be 3 years old in August but there's always room for improvement and evolution.
Then around the end of September, I plan to take a holiday to the Mediterranean and go off the grid completely for a week or two.
How would you describe Dundalk people?
There's so much diversity in our town nowadays, I don't think it's easy to categorise people anymore. We all share this town together and it's brilliant to see people from all over the globe, of all colour, creed and religions, calling this place ‘home'.
We're not culchies, we're not city-types, we're Dundalk and we have something especially unique about us.
Where's the best place to go for a walk in the local area?
There are lots of places, we're spoilt for choice, but the walk up to the top of Clogherhead is magic. We've got a beautifully understated coastline. Some of the old British country manor houses are amazing too; a Wonder through Stephenstown Manor or Louth Hall is incredible, as is Roche Castle.
What local amenities could Dundalk do with?
A new Oriel Park would be nice. The football team has brought great success and pride back to the town in recent years, after all, we are a football town so this is vital to our existence.
Hopefully, the new American owners will put their money where their mouths are and build us a multi-purpose stadium, adding to the allure of Dundalk as a town.
What's your first memory of Dundalk?
Hanging out in my Dad's shop, Emerald Sports. Going to Martin's toyshop on Clanbrassil Street with my Grandfather to get dinkies, I remember their sliding glass panels with all the miniature cars lined up inside. It was heaven!
What's your favourite story you've heard about Dundalk?
There's too many, we're a town of characters but....apparently Phil Lynott and Thin Lizzy used to go to the Roma for their dinner every time they played in the Afton Club.
They sat at the same table down the back, sneaking in whiskey to wash down their pre-gig fish ‘n' chips.
There should be a commemorative plaque next to this table; a little bit of rock ‘n' roll history maybe Bernie and Joe don't even know about.
What's your favourite Dundalk slang/phrase?
There are loads but ‘mon the town' is now ubiquitous. Our accent is infamous too, it gives us an identity, and it almost feels like we're the Geordies of Ireland, our own little republic of townies.
Where is your favourite pub in Dundalk and why?
The Spirit Store. It's got a nice bohemian vibe to it with a great selection of beers and a beautiful scenic landscape to enjoy from the harbour that really shouldn't be taken for granted.
I've been DJing down there for 10 years now and they've been a great supporter of the local music scene.
Do you think young people are buying records? What's your average customer age?
Yes, people of all ages are buying records again. Music is an inherited thing, as parents and older siblings pass on their love of music to the younger ones; this allows the cyclical process to endlessly continue. We've sold Pink Floyd records to 12-year-olds; we sell jazz LPs to hip hop fans.
People everywhere are dusting down their old collections and breathing new life into a format that was once considered obsolete.
What would you say to people who prefer to shop for bargain records online instead of calling into
their local record store?
We can't do much about that, internet shopping has been a feature of our lives for over 15 years now. Why try competing with Amazon.com? They are one of the biggest companies in the world.
Discogs has over 10 million release listings on their site, that's another universe compared to our little shop. Also, people have such diverse taste, it would be impossible for us to stock everything that's available online. But we offer an interaction rather than just a transaction and people dig that too.
Do you think Dundalk people have good music taste?
Of course, Dundalk's always been a hotbed of music. Music taste is subjective. Your ears are yours alone and you're allowed listen to whatever kind of music you want. There's no elitism here and we never judge people on their purchases. We're just happy to be providing a service to Dundalk, existing and surviving; being able to pay the rent while doing something we love doing.
Here is defence industry news from my article in the latest issue of Esprit de Corps magazine:
MDA, a Maxar Technologies company, signed a contract worth around $8 million to provide the Department of National Defence with what is being called a Maritime Miniature Unmanned Aircraft Systems (MMUAS). The contract also includes services to support training, resource and equipment development activities and development and validation of naval tactics and new capability development, according to the firm.
MDA's solution is based on the Puma AE (All Environment) unmanned aircraft built by Aeroviroment. The photo above courtesy of the U.S. Navy shows the Puma AE. The Puma has the ability to carry additional payloads as required for specific missions. The MMUAS is the first UAS project that will see the RCN operate and maintain its own capability and provide a sustainable shipborne, near real-time, Beyond Visual Line Of Sight (BVLOS) ISR capability with an expected introduction to the fleet in the summer of 2018 onboard Kingston-class ships.
The Puma AE is operated from the same control station as the Raven UAS which has been provided by MDA to the Canadian Army since 2013.
In addition, MDA, also announced it has signed a contract with an unnamed international customer for the provision of turnkey, unmanned aircraft system surveillance services. The contract includes options for additional years. MDA's UAS service will use a fleet of Schiebel CAMCOPTER S-100 rotary-wing unmanned aircraft to provide surveillance information. MDA will be responsible for all aspects of the service including acquisition of all the systems and required infrastructure, training, airworthiness, logistics, supply chain, maintenance and all flight operations, the firm noted.
The S-100 aircraft is a vertical takeoff and landing UAS, which does not require a prepared area or supporting launch or recovery equipment. It operates day and night and is a very capable platform for a wide range of different surveillance payloads to meet a broad set of mission requirements.
MDA's UAS service will equip the S-100 fleet with L3 WESCAM MX-10 EO/IR payloads. The MX-10 is a high-performance, multi-sensor multi-spectral imaging system for tactical surveillance missions. It carries multiple sensors including both high-definition day modes and night infrared modes. The MX-10 is currently operational for twelve nations worldwide on the S-100.
Pratt & Whitney Canada has signed a 12-year Fleet Management Program agreement with Specialist Aviation Services for 24 PW210A engines powering 12 Leonardo AW169 helicopters.
The program has been specifically tailored to SAS's needs and helps reduce operating costs and simplifies fleet operations management, according to Pratt and Whitney.
Operating primarily in the United Kingdom, SAS provides support to emergency services and other major organizations that rely on aircraft to support their operations. SAS is one of the fleet leaders on the AW169 program.
Rheinmetall has won the first request for proposals for preliminary studies relating to European Union defence research financed by the EU's European Defence Union. Under a project known as “Generic Open Soldier Systems Reference Architecture”, or GOSSRA, the European Commission has put the Düsseldorf-based tech group in charge of a consortium consisting of partners from nine different EU member states.
Under the GOSSRA project, studies will be conducted into developing an open reference architecture as the basis of EU-wide standardized soldier systems. This includes electronics, voice and data communication, software solutions, man-machine interfaces, sensors and effectors.
Rheinmetall makes the German Bundeswehr's IdZ-ES soldier system as well as the Canadian military's Argus system.
April 10 Bacanora Minerals Ltd
* Bacanora Minerals Ltd - entered into a strategic partnership with Hanwa Co
* Bacanora Minerals Ltd - Hanwa to acquire an initial 10 percent interest in Bacanora, raising about C$16.9 million in proceeds to company
* Bacanora Minerals Ltd - Hanwa raising about C$16.9 million in proceeds to company via placement of 12.3 million shares at a price of about C$1.37/share
* Bacanora Minerals Ltd - Hanwa shall have an option to increase its equity interest in bacanora to 19.9 percent
* Bacanora Minerals- deal comprised of initial 10 percent equity in co, off-take deal up to 100 percent of battery grade lithium carbonate produced at Sonora lithium project Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON Britain's Aberdeen Asset Management said the pace of outflows from its emerging markets-focused equity funds has slowed considerably, as it reported a jump in first-half revenue due to market gains and cost cuts.
The performance marks the latest stage of a slow recovery for Aberdeen, which for several years has borne the brunt of investor caution over emerging markets, in addition to broad industry pressures including rising costs and a squeeze on fees.
That in part led to Aberdeen's decision in early March to be taken over by fellow Scottish investment house Standard Life in an 11 billion pound tie-up, which Aberdeen said should complete in the third quarter.
Revenue over the six months to the end of March were 534.9 million pounds, up from 483.6 million pounds in the year earlier period, while underlying pretax profit rose 19.8 percent to 195.2 million pounds, it said in a statement on Tuesday.
"These figures reflect improving sentiment towards emerging markets," said Aberdeen Chief Executive Martin Gilbert. "(and) together with favourable market conditions and the delivery of 70 million pounds of cost savings have resulted in a healthy rise in revenues and profits."
He said there had been "no real negative reaction" to the merger from clients, and confirmed media reports that there was a 'retention pot' of money to keep top managers after the deal, but declined to specify the size.
Shares in Aberdeen were up 3.2 percent at 0843 GMT, among the top gainers in a FTSE mid-cap index up 0.2 percent, while Standard Life shares led the blue-chip index with a 2.6 percent rise.
Net client outflows were heaviest in the first quarter, at 10.5 billion pounds, and slowed markedly in the second quarter to 2.9 billion pounds, but lagged the net inflows seen at rival emerging markets fund house Ashmore.
"The glimmers of light noted at the end of Q1 have continued, with a much improved Q2 flow performance," said Peel Hunt analyst Stuart Duncan in a note to clients, flagging a 'hold' rating.
"With reported results ahead of our and consensus expectations, we would expect relatively modest upgrades this morning."
The firm's operating margin over the period rose to 35.3 percent, from 32.2 percent in 2016, helped by the successful conclusion of a plan to cut 70 million pounds of annualised costs, it said.
Assets under management at the end of March were 308.1 billion pounds, from 312.1 billion at the end of September, supported by more buoyant markets and a weak pound.
(Reporting by Simon Jessop; Editing by Mark Potter and Louise Heavens)
By Dee-Ann Durbin, AP Auto Writer
DETROIT (AP) – Young drivers aren't alone in behaving badly on U.S. roads, a trend that could be contributing to a spike in highway deaths.
Well over half of drivers in every age group have texted behind the wheel, run a red light or driven faster than the speed limit in the last 30 days, according to a new study by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety.
Younger drivers are the worst offenders. Eighty-eight percent of drivers ages 19 to 24 admitted to at least one of those behaviors. But even mature drivers skirted the rules more often researchers expected. For instance, 10 percent of drivers between 60 and 74 have texted or sent email from behind the wheel, while 37 percent of drivers over 75 said they'd driven through a light that had just turned red.
“It was a surprise that there were relatively high rates of these behaviors among the drivers we think of as safer,” said Lindsay Arnold, a research associate with the AAA Foundation.
Arnold said the responses were similar to those in past years, indicating a troubling trend. In 2015, U.S. traffic deaths rose 7 percent to 35,092, the largest single-year increase in five decades. They're expected to rise again in 2016 when that data is finalized.
“It points to the need to improve driver behavior if we're going to reverse this alarming trend,” Arnold said.
Teen driver education campaigns have had some success, foundation spokeswoman Tamra Johnson said. Now the organization is considering the best ways to reach drivers of other ages.
The study found broad agreement on some issues. Eighty-seven percent of drivers said they have never driven when they thought they were close to the legal alcohol limit. Ninety-five percent said they had never driven within an hour of using marijuana. Eighty-eight percent of drivers say it's unacceptable to drive without a seat belt, and 82 percent support laws requiring motorcycle riders to wear helmets.
But drivers' behavior sometimes contradicted their own instincts. More than three-quarters of drivers say it's unacceptable to text or email while driving, but 31 percent had done so in the last month and 8 percent do so often. Ninety-six percent of drivers say drowsy driving is a serious safety threat, but 29 percent had recently driven when they were so tired they had trouble keeping their eyes open.
The study questioned 2,511 licensed drivers aged 16 and over. Among its findings:
— The youngest drivers — those ages 16 to 18 — were less likely to engage in speeding, running red lights or texting while driving than drivers in their 20s through 50s.
— Eighty-three percent of drivers — and 86.5 percent of drivers 75 or older — said they were more careful than other drivers on the road.
— Just over half of drivers feel seriously threatened by drivers talking on cell phones, but 68 percent made a call while driving in the last 30 days.
— Drivers ages 40-59 were the most likely to use a hands-free phone in the car. Driver ages 16-18 and 75 or older were the most likely to hold their phones and talk while driving.
— Twenty-three percent of drivers — and 36 percent of those ages 19 to 24 — think it's acceptable to drive 15 mph over the speed limit on a freeway. Forty-six percent of drivers say they have driven that fast on a freeway in the last 30 days.
— Sixty percent of drivers say people who drive after using illegal drugs are a serious threat, but just 34 percent say the same about people who drive after using prescription drugs.
© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
We all understand that the NFL is a business first and foremost. So we understand that the potential holdout by Pittsburgh Steelers running back is just part of the business. Nevertheless, it might not be in Bell's best interest to hold out and he'd be better off signing his tender and ending all these negotiations. Here are three reasons why.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HOLLYWOOD, Calif. -- Kate Upton is your "Sports Illustrated" swimsuit issue cover girl for 2017.
Upton announced the news while on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" Tuesday night.
This is Upton's third time on the cover. She made her SI debut in the 2011 issue and then graced the cover in 2012 and 2013.
The magazine had three covers in 2016 featuring Ashley Graham, Ronda Rousey and Hailey Clauson.
The magazine has made headlines in recent days for several celebrity spreads inside the magazine, including Christie Brinkley, 63, who posed for the issue alongside her daughters. It had been 38 years since she had first appeared on the cover in 1979.
Upton, who has been labeled "curvy" by industry standards, told CNN in September that she doesn't agree with labels because beauty comes in all shapes and sizes.
"I almost think the body is art, everyone's perspective is their own and it comes from their own place," Upton said. "People are naturally tall, short, skinny, curvy, whatever. So I feel like limiting yourself to one label isn't right, you can be everything."
The "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue" hits stands Wednesday.
GREEN BAY, Wis. — The Green Bay Packers have signed free agent offensive lineman Byron Bell, adding a versatile veteran to beef up depth.
The 29-year-old Bell played last season with the Dallas Cowboys, appearing in 12 games and making two starts at left tackle. He missed the entire 2016 season after injuring his ankle during off-season workouts with the Tennessee Titans.
The Packers released lineman Jacob Alsadek, an undrafted rookie free agent out of Arizona, to make room for Bell on Wednesday.
Green Bay is short on experienced depth up front. Starting right tackle Bryan Bulaga missed the second half of the 2017 season with a knee injury, while right guard Jahri Evans is a free agent after one season with the Packers.
Injuries also kept out the Packers' top two backup tackles, Jason Spriggs and Kyle Murphy, for much of 2017.
Bell started all 16 games for Tennessee in 2016, playing at left guard and both tackle positions. He entered the league as an undrafted free agent with Carolina in 2011 out of New Mexico.
Bell started 56 of 62 games for the Panthers over the next four seasons, playing both tackle positions.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By The Associated Press
A feast of fun will be served up at the coast this weekend in a showcase of local food and drink.
The Proper Food and Drink Festival takes place in Whitley Bay, offering music, food and bars.
And organisers say it will make the perfect outing for a Father's Day treat.
Founder Mark Deakin said: “If you're struggling to know what to do for your dad, bring him along.
“There's music, fantastic food, plenty of bars, and of course, entrance is free. What more could you want?”
More than 60 stalls will set up on the Spanish City Plaza, offering the best in locally produced food and drink.
It is the second event of its kind to visit North Tyneside this year, with the festival attracting a record number of visitors when it was held in North Shields in April.
It is the fourth year it has come to the coast and the event has grown in popularity every year since Mark and his wife Shelley first introduced it to North Shields in 2012.
The pair have now added more towns to the tour and in addition to their six Proper Food and Drink Festivals, they run the North East Chilli Fest and in August will launch the Great North Feast in South Shields.
Shelley said: “It all makes for a busy summer, but judging by the number of people who come along, we think we have the recipe just about right.”
The Whitley Bay event runs on Saturday and Sunday, from 10am to 5pm each day.
The North East Chilli Fest, featuring live music from Heaven 17, Smoove and Turrell and the Baghdaddies, takes place beside Gloucester Lodge Farm, near Seaton Sluice, from June 30 to July 2, and the Cramlington food festival runs from July 29-30.
It is at Saltwell Park, Gateshead, on August 5 and 6, and at Ridley Park, Blyth, the following weekend.
The Great North Feast will be held in Bents Park, from August 25-28.
E3 2017 is upon us. With all the major conferences done and dusted, here are all the major announcements and games from the world's largest games show.
Microsoft announced that its new 4K super console, the Xbox One X (originally codenamed Project Scorpio), will be arriving in November. That muzzled Sony somewhat, with the company showcasing its latest titles - including Days Gone and God of War gameplay - with little additional comment. Nintendo, meanwhile, quietly announced some explosive titles - including a Pokémon RPG for Switch - in its live-stream.
With the doors to the show open to the public from midday Tuesday 13 June at the LA Convention Center, we're sure that public reaction and appreciation will dictate which company won E3... although, with hardware and software coming out of our ears, we're all winners.
Forza Motorsport 7
Minecraft in 4K
Crackdown 3
Sea of Thieves
State of Decay 2
Microsoft arguably stole press conference day at E3 2016, with the announcement of the Xbox One S and, more surprisingly, its next games console, codenamed Project Scorpio.
Its 2017 conference on Sunday 11 June, finally showed more of the console, now named the Xbox One X. It is due for worldwide release on 7 November for £449 in the UK, $499 in the States.
Xbox One fans were also presented with a healthy line-up of games, many exclusives, and, of course, many optimised for true 4K playback at 60fps thanks to Xbox One X.
Top among its titles was the unveiling of Forza Motorsport 7, which will be released October 3 2017 - more than a month ahead of the new console. Crackdown 3, however, will arrive on 7 November, in tandem with Xbox One X.
Deep Silver's Metro Exodus, the latest in the post-apocalyptic open-world shooter series, was also shown off in terrifying 4K glory. It will be released in 2018.
Minecraft is also coming in full 4K thanks to Xbox One X.
Days Gone
God of War
Spider-Man
The Last of Us 2
Death Stranding
Detroit: Become Human
Gran Turismo Sport
Uncharted: The Lost Legacy
In the usual "call and reply" head-to-head between Xbox and PlayStation, we had expected Sony to pull the wraps off a major new title. That wasn't precisely the case, however, with the company using its pre-E3 conference at the Shrine Auditorium to let the games talk.
The two most important Sony exclusives for 2017 are God of War and Days Gone.
God of War really looks as though Santa Monica Studio has struck an interesting balance between Kratos and his son - both of whom you will command as player in their journey - in a mix of storytelling and no-holds-barred fighting. The game will be released in early 2018.
A slew of virtual reality titles were also revealed, showing ongoing support for PlayStation VR. Skyrim VR from Bethesda; Star Child; The Inpatient; Monster of the Deep (which is a Final Fantasy fishing game... yes, really); Bravo Team; and Moss (in which you play a mouse knight... again, yes really) show the diversity of what Sony's VR platform can offer - and as Microsoft wasn't talking VR whatsoever with Xbox One X, it's the PS4's one leg-up.
Other big-hitters included Shadow of the Colossus, from Japan Studio, which is a reimagination of the PlayStation 2 original. Uncharted: The Lost Legacy and Horizon: Zero Dawn's DLC The Frozen Wilds also roused interest.
Detroit: Become Human - Quantic Dream's latest, in which Android police live among us in society - was also on display, setting the benchmark for movie-like games.
The PlayStation event was closed out with a PS4 exclusive: Spider-Man. Perhaps an unexpected closing title - no Red Dead 2, no Last of Us 2, no Death Stranding - it's a title Sony is keen to show-off, given its exclusive status. It looks similar to Arkham City in some respects, except played out in daylight, with added web-slinging thrown in for good measure.
Super Mario Odyssey
Xenoblade Chronicles 2
Untitled Pokémon RPG title
Metroid Prime 4
Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild DLC (The Master Trials / The Champions Ballad)
Mario + Rabbids: Kingdom Battle
Splatoon 2
ARMS
Nintendo doesn't hold a press conference during E3 - those days are long gone - but it hosted a Nintendo Spotlight: E3 2017 video presentation on Tuesday 13 June. And it was all about the Switch.
It's fair to say Nintendo is often seen as the underdog compared to the other big two. It's also fair to say it announced some really big-deal titles, from a new Kirby and Metroid Prime 4, to an as-yet-unnamed Pokémon RPG game due in 2018/19.
The Switch's biggest title, Zelda: Breath of the Wild, also has The Master Trials and The Champions Ballad DLC content coming this holiday period. There's new armour, the Korok Mask, a Master Mode (super hard mode), plus Hero's Path to track every step you've been on the map.
New Zelda Amiibo are coming too: the four champions from Breath of the Wild - Mipha, Daruk, Revali, and Urbosa - will all be available to buy and use in Breath of the Wild and its DLC.
Nintendo wouldn't be Nintendo without Mario, so obviously the company showed off more of its upcoming Super Mario Odyssey. In the game it appears Mario can almost possess other enemies and objects, from a taxi to a Tyrannosaurus, or Goomba to Bullet Bill. How's that for a major twist in Mario's development?
Beyond Nintendo's own announcements, it's great to see other developers getting on board too: from Skyrim to FIFA 18 and beyond, the Switch is a console that's getting a far stronger foothold than its Wii U predecessor.
Beyond Good And Evil 2
Assassin's Creed: Origins
Far Cry 5
Skull & Bones
The Crew 2
Mario + Rabbids: Kingdom Battle
South Park: The Fractured But Whole
South Park: Phone Destroyer (mobile app game)
Starlink: Battle For Atlas
Rayman Legends Definitive Edition for Switch
Steep for Switch
Ubisoft always hosts its press conference on the Monday prior to the show doors opening and that was no different this year.
Its press conference kicked off by rolling out Mario creator, Shigeru Miyamoto, to confirm that Mario + Rabbids: Kingdom Battle isn't just a rumour game, but a reality. Described as "unlike any Mario game ever made before", this exploration meets turn-based battle game, which is exclusive for Nintendo Switch and released on August 29, certainly looks like a unique take.
Assassin's Creed: Origins, which is set in ancient Egypt for this latest release, is a game that's garnered a lot of attention ahead of E3 2017, plus it will be optimised for the highest 4K graphical fidelity on Xbox One X. Unlike previous Assassin's Creed titles, Origins ditches the mini map and towers approach, instead opting for an eagle to scout and tag enemies.
Online racer The Crew also has a sequel incoming: The Crew 2. It takes racing up a notch, with street racing, boats, planes, off-road and more. This looks like Ubi's title to take on Forza and Need For Speed.
South Park: The Fractured But Whole finally gets a release date, too, after being delayed from last year. The turn-based RPG will be available October 17. Not content with just one game, however, there will also be a mobile app game, South Park: Phone Destroyer, also released this year.
Fancy playing "the ultimate pirate experience"? Skull & Bones shows that Ubisoft isn't finished with pirates after Assassin's Creed: Black Flag, with this all new online player-vs-player and single player game of the seas.
Starlink: Battle For Atlas is a space exploration game for PS4, Xbox One and Switch, all of which feature physical toys-to-life starships that connect to the controllers and provide interaction.
Far Cry 5 was also shown off in more detail, with some in-game action finally revealed. Set in fictional Hope County, Montana, Far Cry's fifth outing is set in the modern day, where a fanatical cult has overrun the area - leaving it up to you to raise hell with your guns for hire to put things right. We played the game ahead of E3's doors opening and it feels every bit Far Cry: brutal, open-world fun that you can take on in any tactical way that you please.
The biggest reveal of the lot, however, was Beyond Good And Evil 2 - the sequel that's almost 15 years in the making. It's a game that tugs on a lot of heartstrings, and it's easy to see why - just watch the jaw-dropping trailer above, because BGE2 looks rather special.
Anthem
Star Wars: Battlefront 2
A Way Out
FIFA 18 (including The Journey: Hunter Returns story mode)
FIFA for Switch
Madden NFL 18 (including Long Shot story mode)
NBA Live 18
Need for Speed Payback
Electronic Arts was the first to kick off the pre-E3 announcements, ahead of all the major conferences listed above, with its pre-show at the Hollywood Palladium.
Biggest among all its announcements was a teaser of BioWare's newest game, Anthem, which Xbox showed off in far greater detail.
EA Sports has a strong series of sports games franchises, with FIFA, Madden NFL and NBA each getting their 2018 updates. Madden features Long Shot, its story mode, while FIFA 18 will continue player Alex Hunter's story in The Journey: Hunter Returns. We've got a full feature detailing the game (link below).
The game to arguably steal the showcase, however, was A Way Out. This EA Originals title, by Swedish studio Hazelight, is a split-screen two player co-op game - and that's the only way it can be played.
Whether online or with a friend in the same room, the split screen dynamic is always in play - with player one on the left, player two on the right, adding a dynamism of the two points of view. It looks like a really clever take on multiplayer.
Wolfenstein 2
The Evil Within 2
Skyrim for Nintendo Switch
Doom VR
Fallout 4 VR
Quake Champions
Like Microsoft, Bethesda's conference happened on the Sunday before the show. It was set off-site in a theme-park style "Bethesdaland", before a standing only presentation.
We weren't expecting heaps of announcements from Bethesda this year, which rang true: Doom VR (well, VFR, if you can work out the nod to BFG there), Fallout 4 VR, DLC content for Dishonored, a community mods system for Fallout 4 and Skyrim on consoles, the beta announcement of Quake Champions, and Skyrim unveiled for Nintendo Switch.
It was the final two announcements that got the crowd worked up all the more: The Evil Within 2 and Wolfenstein 2: The New Colossus head up the company's sequels march.
Best of all, everything announced by Bethesda will be released within 2017.
Call of Duty: WW2
Destiny 2
Crash Bandicoot N Sane Trilogy
Activision opted for a low-key E3 in 2016, with its only presence at the show being behind closed doors. There will be a bigger showing this year though, with Destiny 2 and a return to the second World War for Call of Duty: WW2 at the very least.
The remastered Crash Bandicoot N Sane Trilogy will also be at the show surely, considering it comes out later in June.
Hundreds of publishers and developers show their wares at E3 each year, either on the show floor or behind closed doors (BCD) in private rooms. This year's event will be no different. As well as the companies above, there will be plenty of other games publishers and hardware manufacturers, including:
Bandai Namco
Capcom
Deep Silver
Focus Home Interactive
Konami
Oculus
Nvidia
Razer
Rebellion
Sega
Square Enix
Take-Two
Warner Bros
Alongside the games from the major publishers, these are the games rumoured to be shown, even playable, at E3 2017. There are likely to be plenty more as the show goes on.
Agents of Mayhem (PS4, Xbox One, PC)
Borderlands 3 (PS4, Xbox One, PC)
Call of Cthulhu: The Official Video Game (PS4, Xbox One, PC)
Formula One 2017 (PS4, Xbox One, PC)
Kingdom Hearts 3 (PS4, Xbox One, PC)
Marvel vs Capcom: Infinite (PS4, Xbox One, PC)
Metal Gear Survive (PS4, Xbox One, PC)
Micro Machines World Series (PS4, Xbox One, PC)
Middle-Earth, Shadow of War (PS4, Xbox One, PC)
NBA 2K18 (PS4, Xbox One, Switch, PC)
PES 2018 (PS4, Xbox One)
Project Cars 2 (PS4, Xbox One, PC)
Project Sonic (PS4, Switch, PC)
Rogue Trooper Redux (PS4, Xbox One, PC)
Sonic Forces (PS4, Xbox One, PC, Switch)
Strange Brigade (PS4, Xbox One, PC)
WWE 2K18 (PS4, Xbox One, PC)
Vampyr (PS4, Xbox One, PC)
There will also be plenty of virtual reality games for PlayStation VR, Oculus Rift and HTC Vive.
While we always learn about certain games ahead of E3, there are several we hope for even though the chances are slim. The same applies to hardware. Here then is what we are hoping for at E3 2017.
Rockstar had already confirmed Red Dead Redemption 2 for a Q4 release in 2017, but that looks like being 2018 now. The developer rarely attends E3 so we doubt there'll be a major insight this year. But here's hoping it'll try and steal the show by throwing out a new trailer during the show itself, just to ruffle some feathers.
With Oculus Touch now in everybody's hands - literally - the next phase for the company could be an all-new version of the headset. Maybe we'll even see something announced during E3.
HTC might also soon announce a HTC Vive 2 device, but considering Valve's exclusive may be running out soon, we might be about to see other manufacturers jump on board. Asus, for example, has recently revealed that it is to invest heavily in VR this year.
We'll add more to our wishlist as they occur to us. If there are games or hardware you would like to see announced or shown at E3 this year, let us know in the comments below.
Thousands of the most popular apps and games available, mostly free of charge, in the Google Play Store, make potentially illegal tracking of children's use habits, according to a large-scale international study co-authored by Narseo Vallina-Rodriguez, a researcher at the IMDEA Networks Institute in Madrid and ICSI, the International Computer Science Institute at the University of California, Berkeley (USA).
An international group of seven researchers analyzed 5,855 apps for children and found that 57% may be violating the US Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). Thousands of apps collect and share with third parties personal data of under 13s without parental consent. The services collecting this information, such as those devoted to online advertising and user monitoring, are for the most part designed to share data with third parties, according to this study.
The researchers found that 28% of these apps accessed confidential data protected by Android permissions and that 73% of the apps transmitted confidential data over the Internet. Among the apps analyzed, 4.8% presented "clear violations when apps share location or contact information without consent", 40% shared personal information without applying reasonable security measures, 18% shared persistent identifiers (such as a mobile phone's IMEI) with services or business partners for prohibited purposes, for example ad targeting, and 39% "do not seem to take sufficient measures to protect the privacy of children", according to Vallina-Rodriguez
"While accessing a sensitive resource or sharing it over the internet does not necessarily mean that an app is in violation of COPPA, none of these apps attained veri?able parental consent: if the [automated testing we performed] was able to trigger the functionality, then a child would as well," the researchers wrote.
In addition, many of these apps use services provided by third parties whose terms of service prohibit their use in apps targeted to minors. Therefore, the apps that embed the tracking software provided by these services may not only be infringing COPPA, but also the legal terms by which those services are governed. An example of such third parties, among the many that the study mentions, is the Crashlytics service owned by Alphabet (Google's multinational parent company).
Each of the apps studied was installed, on average, more than 750,000 times, which means that they may be potentially in use by millions of devices on a global scale. Among the apps analyzed are some very popular games like Disney's 'Where's My Water?' and Gameloft's 'Minion Rush', as well as 'Duolingo', a language learning app. Disney, Gameloft and Google have said in statements made to international media in response to this study that the protection of children's rights is of great importance to them and they have committed themselves to investigate further.
Silicon Valley giants in the spotlight
These findings come to light at a time when Facebook, another Silicon Valley giant with crucial interest in the digital advertising business, is on the radar of international data protection agencies for the illegal filtering of information from 87 million Americans to Cambridge Analytica.
Critics of Google, Facebook and other stakeholders that dominate the digital-apps world say they have profited greatly from advances in data-tracking technology to promote their business purposes, even as regulators have failed to keep up with the resulting privacy intrusions. The law exists in the US and at the end of May the European Union will put into operation the new GDPR legislation for the regulation of privacy on the Internet. This Pan-European law is aimed at tackling and controlling the fraudulent and transnational use of the vast amount of personal data that flows through the network, a marketplace in vogue to buy and sell data, which is unknown to the consumer despite being its flagship product.
Nevertheless, according to Vallina-Rodriguez, "to date, regulatory attempts seem to have had little effect in curbing these practices. There are still countless examples of games and apps for children who use third-party services that collect tracking data without parental consent. For example, Google's Designated for Families (DFF) program requires developers of children's apps to comply with COPPA but, as our results show, there appears to not be any (or only limited) application of the law since it is not enforced". In addition, the analysis performed of apps certified as "safe" by the US Federal Trade Commission's (FTC) Safe Harbor program did not yield better results. Most were still violating COPPA, despite the certification obtained.
The results of this study aggravate the burning concern about the lack of transparency of the companies to which, every day, adults and minors, parents and children, trust highly sensitive information. "Based on our data, it is not clear that industry self-regulation has resulted in higher privacy standards; some of our data suggest the opposite. Thus, industry self-regulation appears to be ine?ective," the researchers wrote. According to them, centralized regulatory and control efforts by the government are required since the violation of the rights of consumers is massive and prevalent.
###
Famously described as 'the deepest problem in solid state physics' by Nobel Laureate, Philip Andersen, the glass transition, by which a liquid transforms into a solid without freezing, is shedding its mystique.
Until now, researchers' understanding has been splintered at best, with mutually incompatible interpretations of the physical processes underlying the emergence of amorphous solids (glasses).
Now a team of scientists from the University of Bristol and Johannes Gutenberg Universität Mainz in Germany may have found the missing fragment, enabling the reconciliation of differing interpretations.
Dr Paddy Royall from the University of Bristol's School of Physics, explained: "The challenge boils down to whether glass is a true solid in its own right - the so-called thermodynamic interpretation - or whether in essence glass is 'just' a very viscous liquid, albeit with a viscosity so large that pouring a 'glass' of glass would take around a million times the age of the universe - the so-called dynamic interpretation."
In the thermodynamic interpretation, upon sufficient cooling, a very unusual material known as an 'ideal glass' would form.
Such an ideal glass, like a crystal, has only one way of organizing the constituent atoms - yet mysteriously, is amorphous and disordered.
The paradox of how there can be only one way of arranging the atoms in a disordered material remains, but measurements made by the Anglo-German collaboration indicate that their samples are very close to the ideal glass.
The Bristol team, led by Dr Royall and Dr Francesco Turci, worked with Professor Thomas Speck in Mainz to produce novel methods to produce samples exceptionally close to ideal glasses.
Dr Royall said: "In doing so, they found that the dynamical interpretation of the glass transition seems to end at a 'critical point', which is close to, or even coincides with, the temperature at which the ideal glass is formed.
"In other words, the dynamical and thermodynamic interpretations of the glass transition are different reflections of the same underlying phenomenon."
###
Paper:
'Nonequilibrium Phase Transition in an Atomistic Glassformer: The Connection to Thermodynamics' by Francesco Turci, C. Patrick Royall, and Thomas Speck in Physical Review X.
The scaffolding firm where former Larkhall footballer Jamie Mines lost three limbs and a foot after an electric shock has been fined £80k for health and safety offences.
Father-of-two Mines had both arms, a leg and his other foot amputated when 33,000 volts shot through a tin sheet he was holding as he built a temporary shelter at work.
His employer Boundary Scaffolding admitted breaching health and safety laws, while his boss Jonathon Lee Griffith-Clack admitted the same charge in September.
He was given a six month sentence, suspended for twelve months, and the company was fined £80,000 at Swindon Magistrates Court.
The 33-year-old amateur footballer was thrown back 13ft and landed on the half-finished metal roof where he recalled feeling like his "whole body was on fire".
(Image: SWNS)
Jamie spent ten weeks in intensive care after the near-fatal shock on December 19 but pulled through after having his arms, right leg and left toes amputated.
Recalling the horror earlier this year, Jamie said: "I was holding this metal sheet and then I just remember a massive surge suddenly burning my insides.
"I don't know if I blacked out from the pain because the next thing I knew I was lying on my back four metres away.
"I was trying to stay still because I knew I could fall off the roof but the pain was a thousand times worse than anything I have felt before.
"I was screaming and shouting, telling the guys to call an ambulance. I knew exactly what had happened, I had been electrocuted - I was too close to the power.
"It felt like my heart and lungs were burning and then it was my legs and arms. My whole body was on fire, like there was 1,000 degree heat inside me, but there were no flames.
"I thought I was dead. I thought I was burned to a crisp."
Medics placed Jamie in an induced coma for three weeks after the incident and told his devastated family he could die.
(Image: SWNS)
In the three days after the shock surgeons amputated his right leg, left forearm and half of his left foot, and ten days later they removed his right arm.
One of Jamie's vocal cords was also burned and he suffered damage to his kidneys, leaving him urinating "thick black sludge" for weeks.
But he gradually regained strength and in March moved to a rehab centre in Oxford where he began the painstaking process of relearning how to walk and talk.
However, he suffered a further blow after his left leg became infected and he had to have it amputated in July.
He now needs help with everything from cleaning his teeth to changing the TV channel and has an adapted PlayStation controller and stylus for his phone.
Jamie has prosthetic arms with claws and is adapting to life at home with girlfriend Harley Mines, 25, and their twin baby daughters Isabella and Savannah.
JACKSON, Miss. — Jeremiah Jefferson hit five 3-pointers and scored 17 and Chace Franklin sank a 3 with 16 seconds remaining to send Jackson State to a 60-57 victory over Alcorn State on Saturday.
Jackson State (10-13, 7-3 Southwestern Athletic Conference) trailed 57-51 with 3:17 left in the game, but Jefferson, Maurice Rivers and Franklin nailed 3-pointers on three straight trips down the floor to pull out the victory and snap a three-game skid. Rivers scored 12.
A.J. Mosby topped the Braves (7-16, 3-7) with 17 points and nine rebounds, while Devon Brewer scored 12. Alcorn State shot just 41 per cent from the floor, 28 per cent (5 of 18) from beyond the arc, made 10 of 16 at the free-throw line and finished with just six assists. The Braves came in averaging a conference-best 7.8 treys per contest.
Jefferson had four of his 3-pointers in the first half to guide the Tigers to a 31-25 halftime lead. Mosby had back-to-back layups to give Alcorn State a 48-47 lead with seven minutes left, and Reed Yalen's bucket stretched its advantage to 57-51 before the Tigers unleashed their game-ending 3-point barrage.
Here's a look at the life of former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown.
Scroll for more content...
Personal: Birth date: February 20, 1951
birthplace: Glasgow, Scotland
Birth name: James Gordon Brown
Father: John Brown, a Church of Scotland minister
Mother: Jessie Elizabeth "Bunty" (Souter) Brown
Marriage: Sarah Macaulay (August 3, 2000-present)
Children: James Fraser, John and Jennifer Jane
Education: Edinburgh University, M.A., History, 1972; Edinburgh University, Ph.D., History, 1982
Religion: Church of Scotland (Presbyterian)
Other Facts: Is blind in his left eye and has lost most of the sight in his right eye, the result of being kicked in the head during a rugby game as a teenager.
Daughter Jennifer Jane died of a cerebral hemorrhage, 10 days after she was born prematurely.
Timeline: 1972-1975 - The Youngest ever Rector at the University of Edinburgh.
1976-1980 - Lecturer/professor at Glasgow College of Technology.
1980-1983 - Journalist and current affairs editor at Scottish TV.
1983-1984 - Chairman of the Labour Party in Scotland.
1983-2005 - Member of Parliament (MP) representing Dunfermline East.
1987-1989 - Shadow (Opposition) Chief Secretary of the Treasury.
1989- 1992 - Shadow (Opposition) Spokesman for Trade and Industry.
1992-1997 - Shadow Chancellor of Britain.
1997-2007 - Chancellor of the Exchequer (Treasury), the branch of the British government responsible for collecting and managing the government's finances.
2005 - Is elected MP representing Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath, towns in the Fife area of Scotland.
2006 - Brown's son James Fraser is diagnosed with cystic fibrosis at age four months.
May 11, 2007 - Launches his campaign to become prime minister, "Gordon Brown for Britain." Tony Blair officially endorses his candidacy.
May 16, 2007 - Receives 313 nominations from Labour MPs, guaranteeing that he will win leadership unopposed.
June 11, 2007 - Makes a surprise visit to Iraq and meets with Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki.
June 24, 2007 - Tony Blair hands over leadership of the Labour Party to Brown during a conference of party members in Manchester, England.
June 27, 2007 - Becomes the prime minister of the United Kingdom.
July 29, 2007 - Brown meets with US President George W. Bush at Camp David, his first visit to the United States as prime minister.
February 18, 2008 - Signs legislation nationalizing the mortgage bank Northern Rock, the first time since 1984 that the government has rescued a British bank.
April 15, 2008 - Arrives in the United States for a trip that includes a meeting at the United Nations, discussions with President George W. Bush on economic/diplomatic ties, and introductions to the remaining presidential candidates.
May 23, 2008 - Meets with the Dalai Lama at the Archbishop of Canterbury's London residence. China condemns the meeting and says, "This interferes in China's internal affairs and hurts the Chinese people's feelings as well."
December 17, 2008 - Announces that British troops will withdraw from Iraq before June 2009.
March 2, 2009 - Arrives at Andrews Air Force Base for a week of meetings, some with President Barack Obama at the White House.
June 2009 - Reorganizes his Cabinet after scandals and several resignations. Also agrees to closed-door hearings on Britain's role in the Iraq war.
February 2010 - Candid interview for British television revealing Brown's human side airs. Brown talks openly for the first time about the death of his first child, Jennifer Jane, his son Fraser's illness and his relationship with Tony Blair.
March 6, 2010 - Visits British troops in Afghanistan and promises them 200 new patrol vehicles more resistant to roadside bombs.
May 11, 2010 - Resigns as prime minister after the Labour Party comes in second in parliamentary elections held May 6. He will stay on as the MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath.
July 11, 2011 - The Guardian newspaper publishes allegations that the Rupert Murdoch-owned newspaper The Sun illegally obtained details about Brown's son and published a story about the child's illness. Brown responds in a statement saying, "The family has been shocked by the level of criminality and the unethical means by which personal details have been obtained. The matter is in police hands."
July 12, 2011 - The Sun issues a denial that it illegally obtained information about Gordon Brown's son.
July 12, 2011 - Brown accuses the Rupert Murdoch-owned Sunday Times newspaper of having "links with criminals" and alleges that the newspaper illegally gathered information on his bank account, legal files and taxes.
June 11, 2012 - Appears before the Leveson Inquiry discussing his personal experiences with The Sun newspaper and Rupert Murdoch, his feelings on the rights of the media versus the rights of the citizenry, and issues with several British politicians.
July 2012 - Is appointed United Nations Special Envoy on Global Education by Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon.
September 2012 - Visits Pakistan as Special Envoy.
December 7, 2015 - Investment management firm PIMCO says it retained Brown and four others, including Ben Bernanke and Jean-Claude Trichet, to form a Global Advisory Board.
2017 - Memoir "My Life, Our Times" is published.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW YORK -- After much speculation, actress and activist Cynthia Nixon announced Monday that she is officially throwing her hat in the New York gubernatorial race.
"I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor," she tweeted Monday, along with a video.
"I've never lived anywhere else," Nixon says in the video. "But something has to change. We want our government to work again, on health care, ending mass incarceration, fixing our broken subway. We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us. It can't just be business as usual anymore."
The "Sex and the City" star will challenge Democratic Gov. Andrew Cuomo in the state's Democratic primary in September.
Nixon is forming a team of alumni of the New York political sphere, including Rebecca Katz and Bill Hyers -- who worked on New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio's first campaign -- to help her ahead of the primary, NY1 reported earlier this month. Katz will work on the campaign as a senior strategist. Nicole Aro, who recently worked as the American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations' director or digital strategies, will serve as campaign manager.
The Tony, Grammy and Emmy Award-winner was among the star-studded cast of actors, entertainers and activists who came together for "the People's State of the Union" in January, an alternative event to President Donald Trump's first State of the Union speech.
"Our democracy is under attack, and we Americans need to cherish and to fight for it," Nixon said during her speech.
The mother of three, who is married to activist Christine Marinoni, has also been vocal about education issues, and she served on de Blasio's advisory board for the Mayor's Fund to Advance New York City. She was recently honored by the Human Rights Campaign with its Visibility Award for her work advocating for marriage equality and fighting stigma and prejudice.
In a January op-ed for CNN, Nixon wrote: "If we've learned anything during this first year of the Trump presidency, it's that the cavalry isn't coming to save us. We ourselves are the cavalry. In 2018, each one of us has to do whatever we can to take the government back. If we want change, we have to go out ourselves and seize it."
Nixon's campaign said in its press release that the candidate will spend the coming weeks traveling across the state to hear from voters.
Nixon's entry into the race could split state progressives, who have felt burned by Cuomo's leadership in Albany and repeated clashes with de Blasio. Reached on Monday, the New York Working Families Party, which backed Cuomo in 2014 after a contentious internal debate, told CNN they hadn't yet reached a decision for 2018.
"Our endorsement in the Governor's race will be determined by our state committee, which is comprised of 232 labor, community and grassroots activists from across New York State," said New York WFP director Bill Lipton. "Stay tuned."
South Carolina's A'ja Wilson (22) fends off Texas A&M's Anriel Howard (5) during the first half of action in the Colonial Life Arena. 12/31/17 Tracy Glantz tglantz@thestate.com
Alright, now we're off and running with high school basketball season. Everyone has hit the floor for at least their first game after Friday night's action, so let's take a look back at what unfolded…
-We begin with what was our featured game on 580 WIBW with Seaman taking on Lansing. The Vikings impressed with a 32-point third quarter barrage on their way to an easy 81-48 win over the Lions. Think about that number for a moment – 32 points in an eight-minute stretch of basketball. That's some serious offense! Junior post Trey Duffey dominated that quarter, scoring 12 of his 20 points in the frame, but the offensive star of the night was senior guard Nathan Heinen, who poured in 24 points, of which 17 came in the first half. Heinen showed an impressive three-point stroke and the ability to get to the rim. He's making an early name for himself as a first year starter for the Vikings. When Craig Cox's crew runs their offense in sync, it's a thing of beauty.
-As for the Lady Vikes… sometimes you just have an off night. and I believe that was the case for them in their 46-34 loss to Lansing. The Lady Lions were the aggressors, and despite forcing over 20 turnovers themselves, Seaman wasn't able to capitalize often enough in transition. I was impressed with my first look freshman point guard Camryn Turner, who scored nine points, but the Lady Vikes as a whole never found an offensive rhythm. It will be a teachable moment for new head coach Matt Tinsley, for sure.
-How about those Topeka West Chargers? They hosted a Shawnee Heights team riding high after a 2-0 start and completely stunned them in the first eight minutes, holding them without a field goal and jumping to a 16-3 lead. The Chargers eased to a 59-41 victory from there, and they're now 2-0 themselves with two convincing performances against Centennial League heavyweights. The Chargers' secret to success isn't much of a secret – they played their tails off, forcing 21 turnovers and being relentless on the offensive glass. Making effort plays isn't new for West, but now they have the skill and experience to make that effort translate to wins. Seniors Elijah Griffin and Koriyon Carr furthered their ‘best backcourt in the city' case in combining for 28 points, and senior Elliot Mehrens continued his fine start to the season with a 12-point, 8-rebound performance. Meanwhile, for the T-Birds, a double-digit loss may serve as a reality check after they were able to come back from deficits in their first two games. Expect them to get the message and come out for their games with a higher level of intensity to start with. Senior Zach Cummings has been a pleasant surprise for Heights early on, contributing on both ends with a three-point touch and tough defense.
-The Lady T-Birds are off the schneid and into the W column after they beat West 47-22. No surprise that Lydia Ostenson had a monster night – her 21 points led the way. It was a good night for the Heights bench as well, as freshmen Adysen Burghart and Tatum Brown, junior Baylie Sharp, and senior Brooke Petefish combined for 13 points. Bob Wells can be pleased with the development of his bench so far, particularly the two freshman. As for the Lady Chargers, offensive consistency is still their nemesis right now. They were held scoreless in the second quarter after only trailing 14-11 after one. A good sign for them was the shooting stroke of junior point guard Riley Zook, who knocked down three threes. That distance shooting threat can open up the floor for West's posts in the long run.
-The Hayden boys were the last city team to make their debut this season, and they made it count with a 63-52 road win at Basehor-Linwood. Everybody knows Hayden's ‘Big Three' of Zach Harvey, DeShawn Hanika and Jett Canfield have game, but don't forget about sophomore guard Levi Braun – because if you do, particularly if he's behind the three-point arc, he'll make you pay. Braun dropped in five threes as part of a 19-point night. With his perimeter threat, Hayden is extremely difficult to guard, because double-teaming a penetrating guard like Harvey or Canfield costs you an open three-point look.
-Hayden's girls also won at Basehor-Linwood Friday, rallying back from 10 points down in the fourth quarter to stun the Lady Bobcats 59-56. Sophia Purcell was Ms. Clutch in the fourth, hitting a pair of threes to help spark the comeback. She totaled 14 points, joining junior Brooklyn Hunter, who had 21, in double-figures. Madison Ellis added eight points for the Lady Wildcats, who found good scoring balance they'll need to be at their best.
-Both Topeka High and Highland Park wrapped up tournament play over the weekend with fifth place finishes, and both teams had to stand up big in the dying moments of games to do so. The Trojans got a Ky Thomas buzzer-beater to force OT in an eventual 61-53 win over Leavenworth at the Leavenworth CNB Tourney, and the Scots hung on for a 60-59 win over Sumner at the Blue Valley Shootout. It's big for both teams to come out of their tournaments with 2-1 tourney records and 2-2 overall records.
-And finally, Washburn Rural is into the W column on the boys side after a 68-59 win at Shawnee Mission Northwest. Congrats to new head coach Kevin Muff for his first win as a Junior Blue, and congrats to Jordan White for the ice in his veins that allowed him to make all 12 of his fourth-quarter charity tosses as part of a 30-point night. After two poor fourth quarters in their first two games, it's a positive sign for Rural that they broke ahead and closed out a close game in the final eight minutes this time – and on the road, to boot.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. --
Henrico County Police Officers paid a visit to CBS 6 - Virginia This Morning to share with t he public "Diversity in Law Enforcement" in the County. Sharing with the public the opportunity to learn more about the program and a career in the law enforcement field. Interested in joining Henrico County Police Division, call Officer K.A. Alter at 804-501-5196 for more information.
After the interview a spontaneous Salsa dance broke out with Sgt. Jermaine Alley of Henrico Police and CBS 6 Antoinette Essa, both avid Salsa dancers. Again if interested in Henrico Police Division visit http://henrico.us/police/police-employment/. And check out Henrico County Community Day Saturday, October 7, 10 am-2 pm at the Henrico Government Complex , Details: http://henrico.us/calendar/community-day-2017/
LOS ANGELES — Celebrity chef Mario Batali is stepping away from his restaurant business and ABC television show amid allegations of sexual misconduct.
Batali said in a statement to CNNMoney that he is “deeply sorry” for any pain or humiliation he has caused.
“I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt,” Batali said. “That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family.”
That statement was first made public early Monday in an investigation on Eater, the restaurant news website. Eater's report included four accounts of women who claimed that Batali “touched them inappropriately in a pattern of behavior that appears to span at least two decades.”
The women, some of whom worked for Batali, claimed he had groped them, according to Eater. The story did not name them.
Related: The media men who have been accused of sexual misconduct
Batali did not refer to the Eater investigation in his statement. But he said, “although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted.”
“We built these restaurants so that our guests could have fun and indulge, but I took that too far in my own behavior,” he said. “I won't make that mistake again.”
The Batali and Bastianich Hospitality Group, a collection of restaurants, confirmed to CNNMoney that Batali has stepped away from company operations.
He remains an owner of the group, which he founded with restaurateur Joe Bastianich. A spokesperson said that Batali and the owners are reviewing that role.
“We take these allegations very seriously,” B&B said in a statement, which was first provided to Eater. “We pride ourselves on being a workplace for our employees where they can grow and deliver great service with equal opportunity and free from any discrimination.
The group added: “We have strong policies and practices in place that address sexual harassment. We train employees in these policies and we enforce them, up to and including termination.”
The B&B spokesperson said the company also investigated a complaint about Batali's behavior in October. It was the only complaint B&B has ever received about Batali, the company said.
An employee at one of the group's restaurants reported “inappropriate behavior,” according to the spokesperson, who would not disclose the name of the restaurant or details about the incident.
The B&B spokesperson said Batali was counseled, reprimanded and required to undergo additional sexual harassment training. After that report, he volunteered not to go to the restaurant mentioned in the complaint.
Within the past few weeks, he stepped away from his operational role entirely, said the spokesperson, who declined to say anything further about what led to that decision. The company said it was not aware of other complaints at its restaurants.
Batali has also been a host on ABC's “The Chew” for the past several years. An ABC spokesperson told CNNMoney on Monday that he is also stepping away from that production.
“We have asked Mario Batali to step away from The Chew while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention,” the spokesperson said. “ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment. While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving him and anyone affiliated with the show, we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct.”
And Food Network, which aired Batali's show “Molto Mario” from 1996 to 2004, said it is shelving plans to bring back the program.
“Food Network takes matters like this very seriously,” the network said.
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
The new 500 baht (R207) and 1000 baht notes will be in circulation from the king's birthday on July 28, Bank of Thailand governor Veerathai Santiprabhob said in a statement.
The first batch of the new notes has been in circulation since April 6. The banknotes mark another step in the transition of King Maha Vajiralongkorn, 65, who took the throne in December 2016 and has increasingly asserted his power.
- REUTERS
JOHANNESBURG - Thailand's central bank will this month issue a second batch of new banknotes with a picture of King Maha Vajiralongkorn.
The Kansas Highway Patrol has identified the victim of a Sunday night crash on I-70 Eastbound at Rice Road.
According to the Patrol, 58-year-old Raymond A. Urbanek of Lawrence was driving his 2006 Chevy Silverado just before 7 p.m. Sunday night when it left the road to the right and overturned.
Urbanek was pronounced dead at the scene and taken to the Shawnee County Coroner's Office.
© AFP 2016/ JOHN THYS Greenpeace EU Trade Policy Adviser Calls on European Parliament to Reject CETA Deal
–
BRUSSELS (Sputnik)The consent signifies that CETA "could already provisionally apply from April," according to the EP website.
The vote took place against the backdrop of criticism and mass protests against the trade agreement in Europe. Opponents fear CETA, aiming to establish a free trade zone, would undermine standards and regulations on environmental protection, health, safety and workers' rights.
Over 90 percent of the deal is expected to provisionally apply within months, while the rest must be ratified by individual EU member countries.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Chinese aerospace engineers are testing experimental technologies that can manipulate an aircraft's radar signature, making non-stealthy aircraft disappear - or even making one plane look like it's really three.
Chinese scientists have developed a synthetic compound they hope can provide fighter aircraft with an "invisibility cloak" to enhance their performance in combat situations, the South China Morning Post reports.
© AP Photo / Dita Alangkara Iran's LNG Exports Jump as China, US Lock Horns in Trade War
Scientists at Southeast University in Nanjing, one of the oldest universities in China, seek to change how radio waves interact with the surface of an airplane to "create a ghost image or minimize echo on a radar," according to SCMP's summary of the researchers' advances.
One possible application for the metamaterial is to program it to make certain parts of an aircraft appear like plastic to radars instead of metal. Alternatively, one researcher suggested it would be possible to make one airplane show up on enemy radars as three.
© REUTERS / Stringer First Made-in-China Aircraft Carrier Gearing Up for First Sea Trials
The technology has been shipped to Shenyang, Liaoning province, a researcher involved with the project told SCMP. In Shenyang, it's possible that metamaterials are being mounted onto Shenyang Aircraft Corporation's non-stealthy J-11 and J-15 aircraft, the Hong Kong-based newspaper reported.
Nevertheless, hurdles remain. Before the material is added onto aircraft across the People's Liberation Army-Air Force, the question of how to mass produce the metamaterial must be solved, experts told SCMP.
ST. JOHN'S, N.L. — A man diagnosed with schizophrenia who says he was forcibly injected by a health worker in the back of a car is suing Newfoundland's largest health authority.
Marc Arsenault says the forced injection last January is one of many times Eastern Health violated his Charter rights.
He said two Eastern Health workers arrived at his St. John's home, asking if he wanted his monthly shot.
“They were taking me out to McDonald's to have a coffee,” Arsenault said in an interview.
Arsenault has been under various community treatment orders (CTOs) since Aug. 2, 2013, including “the compulsory injection of mind-altering medications,” says the statement of claim. CTOs force patients to accept treatment or face arrest.
Arsenault said he was not under a CTO at the time that forces injections. But he said they kept asking if he'd take it voluntarily.
“They kept on manipulating me, mentally abusing me,” he said.
They stopped at a church while he rode with them to McDonald's, and “they injected me right in the parking lot there, in the back seat of the car.”
Arsenault, 59, is seeking unspecified compensation from Eastern Health for negligence, unlawful detainment and battery. The health authority has not filed a statement of defence in response to the unproven allegations.
Arsenault's lawyer, Ches Crosbie, said the incident is “simply intolerable.”
“It just illustrates the cavalier approach that Eastern Health seems to be taking toward observing the rights of some of our most vulnerable citizens.”
CTOs are designed for psychiatric patients who are otherwise in and out of hospital.
Families and mental-health officials say they offer a lifeline in the most desperate situations when psychosis takes over. But they are also among the most coercive medical interventions, criticized as abuse-prone tools of control.
CTOs are governed by legal safeguards to protect Charter rights and have raised concerns in other parts of Canada, especially Ontario, where orders have drastically increased in recent years.
Eastern Health declined to specifically comment on Arsenault's lawsuit and has not yet filed a defence.
“Eastern Health takes any concerns regarding community treatment orders very seriously and has taken steps to ensure they are administered as per provincial legislation,” said an emailed statement.
The provincial government last March announced it had discovered 13 recent cases where patients subject to CTOs “did not receive advice from rights advisers as required by law.”
“This is a very serious issue and the regional health authorities are in the process of contacting all those affected to ensure rights are protected and treatment is not disrupted,” Health Minister John Haggie said at the time.
He also apologized and said two rights advisers were fired.
The health department said it would improve how community treatment orders are issued and monitored.
As of mid-December, there were 13 CTOs in effect across the province.
Crosbie said his client's case is especially troubling because alleged oversight gaffes and rights violations continued even after a judge admonished them.
Judge William Goodridge ruled in September 2015 that a community treatment order against Arsenault was invalid in part because the psychiatrist did not provide supporting facts that he met required criteria.
Goodridge wrote that legal protections to shield vulnerable residents from “significant state intervention in the context of no criminal activity” must be upheld.
“There is no option for non-compliance or partial compliance with these provisions.”
Still, oversight lapses continued, Crosbie alleges.
“Either Eastern Health takes these seriously and follows the procedures that are established before people are compulsorily treated, or they don't,” he said.
“If it's necessary to seek punitive damages to make them pay attention, then that's what my client will do.”
Arsenault said he was asked in mid-December if he wanted another injection but said no. He will meet again with health workers in January.
Soft spoken and cheerful, he blamed the shots for weight gain, tremors and skin sores.
Arsenault said he's not convinced he was properly diagnosed with schizophrenia.
“My hope is to stop the abuse and the injections,” he said of the lawsuit.
“I want it stopped.”
24 April 2018 - Acute myeloid leukemia (AML) is a cancer of the blood and bone marrow that comprises 1% of all new cancer cases and almost 2% of cancer deaths in the U.S. The five-year survival rate for the disease is less than 20%.
Researchers at the Cancer Science Institute of Singapore (CSI Singapore) at the National University of Singapore (NUS) have identified a novel molecular pathway by which a circadian clock gene, SHARP1, causes the growth of acute myeloid leukemia (AML). The finding paves the way for the development of new therapeutic strategies that could impede the development of this cancer of the blood and bone marrow.
The six-year long study was led by CSI director Professor Daniel Tenen, Associate Professor Reshma Taneja at the Department of Physiology, Dr. Akihiko Numata, Adjunct Research Scientist at CSI Singapore, Kwok Hui Si (a PhD student from CSI), as well as scientists from the University of Oxford, UK; the Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery Institute; the University of Alabama at Birmingham; the Medical Erasmus University Medical Center in The Netherlands; as well as the Harvard Stem Cell Institute. It was published in the prestigious journal Nature Communications in April 2018.
SHARP1 is a protein involved in the control of the circadian rhythm in humans. Before this study, the protein had never been linked to AML. The study focused on the role of SHARP1 in a particular subset of AML cells which contain alterations to the Mixed-Lineage Leukemia (MLL) gene. Alteration of the MLL gene is the most common genetic occurrence leading to AML. The alteration causes the MLL gene to fuse with other genes, thus affecting its function.
When the MLL gene combines with the AF6 gene, a "fusion" gene is created, which produces a new fusion protein called MLL-AF6. Patients with this fusion gene tend to respond poorly to almost all types of treatment, including stem cell transplantation, and have very poor clinical outcomes.
"We found that MLL-AF6 binds with SHARP1, leading to an increase in the level of SHARP1. The increase of SHARP1 levels has the two-fold effect of initiating leukemia development, as well as maintaining the growth of leukemic cells. Interestingly, in addition to its own cancer-causing functions, our study also revealed that SHARP1 could act upon other target genes of MLL-AF6 to aggravate the progression of AML. But by removing or reducing the level of SHARP1, the growth of leukemic cells could be stopped, "Professor Dan Tenen explained.
The team employed an array of genetic screening techniques and cutting-edge molecular biology tools to identify the new pathway in the development of this severe type of AML. Dr Ng Chin Hin, a consultant in the Division of Haemotology at the National University Cancer Institute of Singapore, said the CSI team's finding is a "truly an important discovery" that could potentially lead to drug development targeting the SHARP1-related pathway in the treatment of AML.
"AML is a deadly disease. Median survival without treatment is around 3 months, but with appropriate treatment we can cure about 30% to 40% of AML cases in those undergoing intensive chemo. At NCIS, we are seeing around 40-50 new AML cases annually, TTSH is seeing around the same figure, while SGH is higher - at 80 cases," Dr Ng added.
###
MADISON, Wis. – Liberals and the mainstream media have called Republican Gov. Scott Walker a lot of things over his two and a half terms in office.
Now the Wisconsin left's Public Enemy No. 1 is being described with a pejorative that no conservative could easily abide: Walker is suddenly a “liberal.”
Or at least his budget proposal is.
How low can the left go?
An Associated Press story last week, headlined “Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker proposes surprisingly liberal budget,” noted the 2017-19 spending plan “includes a huge boost in funding for schools, sizable cuts for college students and increased tax breaks for the working poor.”
While budget hawks aren't thrilled with some of the spending increases included in the $76.098 billion biennial budgets, no one is about to confuse Walker with California left-winger Gov. Jerry Brown, or Walker's liberal colleague to the more immediate west, Minnesota Gov. Mark Dayton.
Brett Healy, president of the MacIver Institute, a Madison-based free-market think tank, said there's a lot for conservatives to like in Walker's budget proposal. Not the least of which is nearly $600 million in tax and fee relief, including the elimination of the state portion of the property tax levy.
“Think about it. When is the last time a politician proposed eliminating a tax? It just never happens,” Healy told Wisconsin Watchdog on Monday on the Vicki McKenna Show, on NewsTalk 1130 WISN in Milwaukee.
“The biggest concern when you are a conservative in the Legislature is, if you start a new tax or fee, it's never going to go away,” Healy added. “Here we have a situation where Gov. Walker has actually stepped up and he proposes eliminating the forestry tax on everyone's property tax bill. That's huge.”
To accomplish this tax exorcism, Walker's plan provides more than $180 million in fiscal years 2017-18 and 2018-19 to ensure continued state funding for forestry programs covered by local property taxpayers. The administration says the state forestry account in the conservation fund will be unaffected through this “tax relief action.”
“This tax, which had gone up each time a property's value increased, will no longer be imposed on Wisconsin property owners,” states a Department of Administration budget analysis.
RELATED: Walker budget plan boasts tax cuts, reserve concerns
Eric Bott, Wisconsin state director of Americans for Prosperity and Americans for Prosperity Foundation, said Walker's latest budget plan again sets the pace in limiting the size and scope of government.
The proposal calls for phasing out the prevailing wage mandate for state-funded construction projects. Prevailing wage, a Great Depression-era relic that artificially fixes wages based on trade and geographical location of the state, can substantially increase costs for government construction projects. Bott calls it “protectionism at its worst.” Unions and their Democratic allies fought ferociously to keep prevailing wage reform at bay in the last session. They failed. Walker wants to go deeper this time.
The budget also includes some of the strongest welfare reform initiatives in the nation.
Bott is especially excited about the inclusion of a state version of the REINS Act in the Walker budget plan. The REINS (Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny) proposal would require state agencies to get legislative approval for any regulation with an economic impact at certain thresholds.
Rep. Adam Neylon, R-Pewaukee, and Sen. Devin Lemahieu, R-Oostburg, earlier this year reintroduced a similar bill that would hold the economic impact threshold at $10 million.
“If there is a compliance estimate above $10 million, then I'm very comfortable throwing a wrench into it, grinding it to a halt, and forcing the legislature to then approve it,” Neylon told Wisconsin Watchdog. “Because that is the best way to hold people accountable, to let their elected officials be the ones to decide on big spending items.”
Bott said Wisconsin would be among the first states to adopt a REINS Act. There is similar legislation pending in Congress.
Healy said that behind the scenes MacIver is hearing from budget hawks concerned about the spending increases, particularly the nearly $650 million marked for K-12 public education.
“I think going forward that will certainly be something the Legislature looks at, if they want to dial back spending in certain areas,” he said. “That certainly would make this strong budget even stronger.”
To Walker's credit, Bott said, the governor “isn't just throwing money at problems.” He's specifically delineating dollars for priorities. That includes approximately $55 million for rural schools districts, $25 million in local transportation aid, and funding for STEM education that works hand-in-hand with Walker's expectation that the University of Wisconsin System better-prepare students for the demands of the new economy.
“If you're part of the government and you want to be part of the solution, great. He's going to provide the resources,” Bott said on the Vicki McKenna Show. Those that don't want to be part of the solution, such as the Madison Metropolitan School District and its open rebellion against implementing state collective bargaining reforms, will lose out on the increased spending.
Some of the biggest budget battles are coming from inside the GOP. Walker has made it clear that he is not interested in tax increases, or “revenue enhancers” as some like to call them. That means no to a gas tax increase and vehicle registration fee hikes. Assembly Speaker Robin Vos, R-Rochester, and his leadership lieutenants in the Assembly have pushed gas tax and fee increases as potential solutions to transportation budget shortfalls. It is, at least for now, a rhetorical line in the sand.
Healy said that line is subject to change, and he predicts Vos will end up on the other side of it.
“Right now you have to bet that Gov. Walker is going to win that battle,” he said. “(Senate Majority Leader Scott) Fitzgerald is on his side. When you have two of the three players in the Capitol on one side of the argument, generally they win out.”
The rhetoric so far has been pitched, with supporters of “revenue enhancers” attacking Walker's budget for transportation borrowing and for not offering sustainable funding to keep several Wisconsin highway projects moving forward.
Bott notes that Walker has proposed $6.1 billion for the Department of Transportation, with the highest level of transportation general aids ever. While he agrees that there is too much borrowing in the transportation budget, Bott noted that bonding for highway construction is down 41 percent, the lowest level since the 2001-03 budget.
And a recent audit found waste and incompetence in the Wisconsin Department of Transportation to be incredibly costly to taxpayers. A total of 363 DOT contracts between 2006 and 2015 – about 16 percent of the total – received only one bid each, according to the review. That accounts for $1.1 billion in projects.
“And we know that when there's no competition, it drives up the price dramatically,” Bott said.
Despite its spending increases, Bott said the Walker budget plan could be a “model budget” for the nation.
“The governor has laid out a vision with conservative victories,” Healy said. “Hopefully the Legislature, instead of being bogged down in gas tax and registration fee increases, can make some improvements to the governor's budget and we can have this thing done in June.”
The recent Daesh defeat in Syria and government gaining control over the majority of territories previously seized by opposition or militants, has reportedly prompted the US change in attitude toward Assad.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – US President Donald Trump's administration is prepared to accept the continuation of Syrian President Bashar Assad's rule until the country's next presidential election, set for 2021, The New Yorker newspaper reported, citing unnamed US and EU officials, explaining that depending on the results of the next US presidential election in 2020, Assad might still be in power, when Trump leaves office.
Such a stance contradicts Washington's previous statements, which have supported the Syrian opposition, prompting Assad to step down as part of Syria's crisis settlement. However, due to the latest developments in the region, the defeat of the Daesh terror group (banned in Russia) in Syria, has again put the original Syrian civil war in the spotlight.
After over six years of the conflict, Damascus has regained control over the majority of territories previously seized by opposition or militants and the opposition, quite the opposite, has found itself in a weaker position, as it has split into various factions with no new leadership emerging since 2011.
The outlet also noted, that in the peace process, the United States had been marginalized by Russia, Iran, and Turkey, which have also initiated Syrian settlement negotiations, thus driving Washington to change its course.
Taking into consideration political and military realities, US officials have decided that transition of political power in Syria will depend on elections in the country, held under the auspices of the UN. Nevertheless, in Syria, devastated by the civil war, holding such a vote would be a challenge, according to diplomats, cited by the outlet. Also, new and credible opposition will need time to emerge.
Syrian Civil War: Geneva and Astana Talks
The eighth round of the talks in Geneva resumed on Monday. On the same day, the Syrian government delegation returned to Geneva after refusing to participate in last week's talks due to the opposition's call for Assad to leave.
READ MORE: Syrian Opposition Favor Farouk Sharaa as Future Transitional Government Head
The principal stumbling block for all the Syrian sides to settle the conflict is the formation of a transitional governing body in Syria, because the opposing powers have polar opposite views on the potential role of current President Bashar Assad in it. The opposition insists Assad "must go" at the very beginning of the transitional period, while the government cannot accept this and calls it a precondition for direct talks.
The civil war has been raging in Syria since 2011, with government forces fighting numerous opposition factions and terrorist groups. The international community has taken a number of steps aimed at settling the crisis, including through intra-Syrian talks in Geneva and reconciliation negotiations in Astana.
In May 2013, months after friends and family had gathered to remember Wayne Millard, his son was arrested for the murder of Tim Bosma, of Hamilton, who disappeared after leaving his house with two men who asked to test drive a truck he posted for sale online.
Soon after Dellen Millard's arrest, police reopened the case of his father's death. They still had the gun that was found beside his bed, court has heard. They tested the gun and found Dellen Millard's DNA on the handle, court documents show. Last year, a gun trafficker pleaded guilty to selling Dellen Millard the revolver.
In 2016, Dellen Millard and his friend, Mark Smich, were found guilty of first-degree murder in Bosma's death and received life sentences. The jury heard that the pair killed Bosma and burned his body in an animal incinerator.
Millard and Smich were also later convicted — and sentenced to life — in the murder of Laura Babcock, a young Toronto woman who vanished in the summer of 2012 and whose case was also reopened by police following Millard's arrest in Bosma's disappearance.
Millard's third murder trial will be in front of a judge alone. Ontario's attorney general agreed the man's notoriety would make it difficult to find fair jurors, thus granting the rare request to hold a first-degree murder trial without a jury.
Millard's defence, according to court documents, will be that his father killed himself. A portion of the trial is expected to focus on Wayne Millard's state of mind at the time of his death.
The elder Millard loved aviation and animals.
In 1982, just days after he was arrested for filming baby seals being clubbed to death, he flew a small crew back into the area to get onto the ice near the beaches of P.E.I.
Wayne Millard had the means — a plane, a helicopter and money to burn — for the venture. He and Burns, who would later become his wife, were making a film about the seal hunt with the help of Sea Shepherd Conservation Society founder Paul Watson.
"He was very incensed about the seal hunt," Watson said. "He stuck to his ground and didn't give in. He was persistent, passionate and he was dedicated."
Wayne Millard was a longtime Air Canada pilot before getting involved with Millardair. He once sued Air Canada because they suspended him for growing his hair too long, said Dennis Chadala, who wrote a book about his years with Millardair.
"Wayne was a kind man who trained me on many different kinds of planes and we had a kinship in that we were banded together in order to handle his father, Carl, who was a real tough boss," Chadala said. "But he was also a rabble-rouser."
After his father died in 2006, Wayne Millard took over Millardair, but the company wasn't doing well. He embarked on a project to transform Millardair into a maintenance, repair and overhaul operation and secured a massive hangar at the Region of Waterloo International Airport. He told others, including his cousin Roberts, that he was doing it so his son could run it one day.
Shortly after Wayne Millard was found dead, his son fired everyone at Millardair and wound the business down.
In an obituary published in the Toronto Star in 2012, Dellen Millard called his dad a generous man.
"His hope was for a time when co-operation would be the norm and competition was only friendly," he wrote. "He was patient and stubborn ... He believed animal welfare was a humanitarian effort. He was a good man in a careless world. He was my father."
By Liam Casey, The Canadian Press
Three people have been injured as a result of an explosion that hit Manhattan on Monday. The suspect has been taken into custody. According to police representatives, the suspect "made statements" to investigators, indicating that the attack had been carried out in the name of Daesh. Sputnik presents a list of the five latest attacks in New York.
DAMASCUS (Sputnik) - Members of illegal militant groups in the city of Busra al-Sham (Bosra) in the southern Syrian Daraa province have started surrendering heavy weapons and hardware to the government forces, a military source told Sputnik on Wednesday.
"Thanks to the efforts of Russian officers, which were mediating the talks between militants in Bosra [officially known as Busra al-Sham] and the Syrian army, the militants today handed over a tank, an infantry fighting vehicle and an artillery gun to the government. Before that, they handed over two other IFVs," the source said.
Busra al-Sham is one of the most strategically important strongholds of militants in the south of Syria. The city is located between the capitals of Daraa and Suwayda provinces, some 12 miles from the border with Jordan.
© REUTERS / Rodi Said US Sent 250 Trucks With Heavy Weapons, Armored Vehicles to SDF – Source
On Tuesday, the Russian center for Syrian reconciliation said that, over the week, 27 Syrian settlements had voluntarily joined the ceasefire regime in the provinces of Quneitra, As-Suwayda and Daraa.
The situation in the south of Syria has escalated in recent weeks, with terrorists shelling the cities of Daraa and Suwayda and government troops responding by launching an offensive to oust the militants refusing to join the ceasefire.
Moscow has been assisting Damascus both through supporting the struggle against terrorist groups and providing humanitarian aid to the residents of the crisis-torn country.
Legends of Tomorrow is staging a Titanic reunion, tapping Billy Zane to portray politician and showman P.T. Barnum, who founded Barnum & Bailey Circus (aka “The Greatest Show on Earth”).
Per EW.com, Zane will guest-star in a Season 3 episode, during which he will share the screen with Titanic castmate Victor Garber, who plays Dr. Martin Stein/one half of Firestorm on the CW series.
On Legends, Barnum is “the villain of our story,” but he is also “just a guy who wants to put on a good show,” executive producer Phil Klemmer previews.
Zane's TV credits include Guilt, The Deep End, Samantha Who? and Twin Peaks.
Legends of Tomorrow returns for Season 3 — with a new Muslim hacktivist team member! — this fall, airing Tuesdays at 9/8c after The Flash.
Ready for more of today's newsy nuggets? Well…
* Jason O'Mara (Agents Of S.H.I.E.L.D.) has joined the Season 3 cast of Amazon's The Man in the High Castle as a series regular, our sister site Deadline reports. The actor will play Wyatt Price, an Irish refugee and resident of the Neutral Zone who learned to survive by trading in black-market goods and services.
* Netflix will premiere Mindhunter, a new series from director/EP David Fincher (House of Cards), on Friday, Oct. 13, Collider reports. The 1979-set drama, starring Jonathan Groff (Looking), Anna Torv (Fringe) and Holt McCallany (Lights Out), follows two FBI agents who interview serial killers in an effort to solve current murders.
* HBO released a teaser for Season 2 of the Issa Rae comedy Insecure, returning Sunday, July 23 at 10:30 pm:
Blinn College Trustees To Consider Campus Carry Regulations
The Blinn College board of trustees has been given 250 pages of background information as part of recommendations for a concealed handgun policy that would start August first.
A 34 member task force produced the report. The group represented seven Blinn campus locations, 18 departments, and 11 divisions.
Trustees will consider the recommendations during Tuesday night's meeting in Brenham.
Click HERE to read and download the Blinn College campus carry task force report and recommendations.
Beginning of draft recommendations from page 248 of the task force report:
A license holder may carry a concealed handgun, on or about the license holder's person, on all Blinn College campuses or in a college vehicle, unless prohibited by state or federal law, college policy, or procedure. Campus, for purposes of this policy, means all land and buildings owned or leased by Blinn College.
All license holders must secure their handgun when it is not on or about their person.
A license holder is responsible for complying with the applicable federal and state law prohibitions.
Recommendations from pages 7 and 8 of the Blinn College campus carry executive summary:
Campus Residential Facilities: No firearms ban, provided the student acquires a mandatory, approved storage device.
Single-Occupant Offices: No firearms ban, though faculty members may follow an appeals process to seek exclusion.
Laboratories or other Hazardous Areas: The second floor of the Health Sciences Center should be gunfree and feature appropriate signage to that effect.
Areas where minor children are present: No general restrictions at present based on Attorney General Ken Paxton's opinion (see Appendix p. 236).
Child Care Facilities: Blinn College has no facility designed solely for this purpose.
Dual Credit Classrooms: No specific ban, although rules for off-campus sites will be applicable.
The Star of the Republic Museum or the W.W. O'Donnell Performing Arts Center: No general ban.
UIL-Sponsored Events or Sporting Events: By state law, these already are prohibited areas but may require appropriate permanent or temporary signage, as applicable to location.
Other events or programs: Programs or divisions that wish to have restrictions to campus carry must request such prohibitions through the appeals process.
Patient Care Areas: No ban recommended at the Brenham and Bryan Campus health clinics or the Post Office Campus in Bryan.
Formal Hearing Areas: Concealed carry shall be banned during any grievance or appeal proceeding involving a disinterested third-party committee gathering testimony from the involved parties, or the formal hearing portion of the total process, as detailed in the Blinn College Board Policy Manual and the College's Administrative Procedure Manual that provide for an appeals process. Temporary signage regarding the ban is to be posted outside the location of such hearings at the hearing committee's request.
Appeal Process: A request/appeals process should be established for any temporary or permanent restriction of concealed carry in single-occupant offices or at special events not otherwise covered by statute.
Notification and Signage: Any gun-free area signage should be created and posted by the Blinn College Police Department.
Campus Vehicles: No firearms ban in Blinn College vehicles.
You may not post new threads
You may not post replies
You may not post attachments
You may not edit your posts
HTML code is Off
Share. Farewell, Universe 10. Farewell, Universe 10.
Warning: The following review contains spoilers for the episode.
Universe 10 finds themselves in a tough spot this week as the Tournament of Power rumbles on and they continue to lose warriors. Episode 103 had some good moments but struggled early on as characters were depicted in an unusual way. These issues were quickly pushed aside during the latter half, however, as Gohan took over and delivered a crushing emotional moment to end the episode.
Picking up right where things left off last week, Android 17 continues his battle with the warrior maiden of Universe 2. Although the fight was decent, it was the out of character depiction of Android 17 that left me scratching my head. Since his re-introduction into the series, 17 has acted very calm, cold, and serious, reflecting how he once was during Dragon Ball Z. This week, the opening scene had 17 yelling and mimicking the Universe 2 warriors' flavorful speech. It's clear that this was supposed to be a joke – that 17 is poking fun at the warrior maidens – but it fell flat. Android 17's character works best when he's embracing that cold, serious persona. It's what sets him apart from many of our other heroes and makes him such a treat to watch.
The irregular things didn't end there for Android 17 either, as he is then forced to protect Goku from an attack for what felt like no real reason. Goku would've likely been fine. In fact, moments later we see him use the Instant Transmission, something that would've saved him from damage previously, further adding to the confusion of why Android 17 was forced into the situation to save him. To top it off, instead of finish off his enemies like we've seen him do before, 17 hesitates because he's talking to Goku, allowing his defeated foes to flee to safety. These many strange actions add up to make the first half of Episode 103 feel quite underwhelming.
Gohan quickly spins things around for the latter half of the show when we see him and Piccolo fighting the last remaining Universe 10 warriors. It's great to see Piccolo in action; he confidently deals with his enemies. It's only a shame his moment to shine was so short. Gohan's fights were both excellent this week and they displayed perfectly how he, more than any other fighter, can analyze a situation and find a technique to beat his foes.
It was the last few minutes that truly tugged at the heart, though, as Universe 10 was erased and we saw Gohan struggle to deal with what he had just done. I was glad to see that it was Gohan who took part in this, as it's been well established over the years that he cares more deeply about those around him than Goku or Vegeta. I also appreciated the quiet, somber nature of the scene, with the dreary music playing in the back as Gohan silently watched the last trace of Universe 10 disappear. It's these moments that I thought would break our heroes at some point, and I am eager to see in the future how our warriors will begin to deal with the knowledge that their victory comes at the cost of trillions of lives.
Norway is currently one of the few nations in the world that still conducts commercial whale hunts, alongside Iceland, Japan and the Faroe Islands. All of these countries come under regular attack from Anonymous hackers in the #OpWhales campaign, the Norwegian Aftenposten daily reported.
"As a result of whaling, there are several groups who see Norway as a target," Lone Charlotte Pettersen of the National Criminal Investigation Service (Kripos) told Aftenposten.
Unlike traditional anti-whaling activists like Sea Shepherd that engage in seasonal activities like sabotage against whaling boats attempting to interrupt the hunt, the so-called "hacktivists" attack Norway year-round. Anonymous' most frequent targets include banks, authorities, media, tourist and academic institutions.
The Norwegian Fisheries Ministry is one of the foremost targets. Earlier this year, it was subjected to a targeted attack in the Netherlands, which rendered its website inaccessible. Since then, specific measures were introduced to prevent this.
"They want to get at Norway. Therefore, it may be a sheer coincidence who is affected. As long as they can inflict harm, they are satisfied," Pettersen said, suggesting that Anonymous also encourages other people into procuring malware and using it against Norway. "We would like to have better control in this case. It is generally a challenge for Kripos and the police," Pettersen continued.
​In 2016, the extent of hacker activity in Norway was measured as "low." However, the National Security Authority (NSM) has seen an increasing trend in the past several years.
Although whaling is a controversial practice internationally, it enjoys broad political support in Norway, which lodged a formal objection to the international whaling moratorium introduced in 1986. In 2017, the Norwegian Fisheries Ministry increased the Norwegian catch quota for the common minke whale to 999. For the sake of comparison, Iceland's quota for 2016 to 2018 is 224 whales, while Japan's whaling quota is 333 whales a year. Previously, Fisheries Minister Per Sandberg stated that he wanted to double the whaling quotas.
​Anonymous, a hacking network with worldwide reach, fights cyber surveillance and what it considers abuse of power through attacks against websites, as well as demonstrations and campaigns.
Two years ago, five government-owned sites in Iceland (including those of the Environment, the Foreign and the Interior Ministry and the Prime Minister's Office) were taken down as part of an anti-whaling campaign, becoming inaccessible to users.
Dan Kneen has passed away after an incident during this evening's Isle of Man TT session.
The 30-year-old, from Onchan in the Isle of Man, crashed at Churchtown on the opening lap of the Superbike qualifying session and died at the scene.
A statement released from the TT organisers said:
“ACU Events Ltd regrets confirming that Dan Kneen, 30, from Onchan in the Isle of Man died this evening following injuries sustained during the Superbike qualifying session on the Isle of Man.
“Dan had an accident at Churchtown on the first lap of the session and died at the scene of the incident.
“Dan made his mountain course debut at the Manx Grand Prix in 2008 and won an unprecedented three races – the Junior, the Newcomers C and the Ultra Lightweight MGP Races.
“He achieved his first TT podium in last year's Superstock Race, finishing third in the Superstock TT Race. He has the fastest official lap of 130.347mph which he set in last year's Superstock Race and recorded a lap of 132.258mph (17:06.994) in last night's Superbike qualifying session.
“ACU Events Ltd wishes to pass on their deepest sympathy to Dan's partner Leanne, his family and his many friends in the road racing community and beyond.”
The Tyco BMW rider made his debut around at the Mountain Course back in 2008, in the Manx Grand Prix. Kneen made an instant impact as he won the Junior, Newcomers C and Ultralightweight races.
At last year's TT, Kneen claimed his first podium in the Superstock race and posted his quickest lap around the course (130.347mph). Kneen had just beaten this speed in Tuesday's session, posting a lap at 132.258mph.
Everybody at The Checkered Flag sends our deepest condolences to Dan's partner, Leanne, his family and friends.
Jamie and Stoney Great Lakes Invitational Ticket GiveawayThe 53rd annual Great Lakes Invitational is coming to Little Caesars Arena on January 1-2, 2018. Michigan, Michigan State, Michigan Tech and Bowling Green will compete for the MacInnes Cup in this holiday tradition. Jamie and Stoney have your VIP access including four premium seats, a $100 gift certificate to Made in Detroit, a pre-game penalty box visit and a Great Lakes Invitational prize pack. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on December 20 from 6:00 am - 10:00 am for your chance to win.
WWJ Weekend Box Office 12/14/17 - DSO Ring Without Words
Miller Lite Appearance - Twin Peaks97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to give away Detroit Lions tickets. Come to the Twin Peaks in Southgate on December 15 from 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm for your chance to win a four-pack to see the Detroit Lions vs Green Bay on December 31 at Ford Field.
Jamie and Stoney Red Wings Ticket GiveawayChevrolet and 97.1 The Tickets have your tickets to see the Detroit Red Wings take on Toronto on December 15. Listen to Jamie and Stoney from 6:00 am - 10:00 am for your chance to win.
© AFP 2017/ DELIL SOULEIMAN Kurdish-Led Forces Liberate Daesh-Held Qabsh Arbey Village Northwest of Syrian Raqqa
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) have killed two suspected suicide attackers from the Daesh jihadist group in the northern Syrian city of Al Tabqah, local media reported Tuesday.
According to the Firat news agency, the SDF troops have also managed to thwart a car bomb attack in the area late on Monday.
Two SDF troops were reportedly injured in the clashes, the news agency added.
In November 2016, the SDF, which predominately consists of Kurdish fighters but also includes members of the Syrian Arab Coalition, launched an operation called the Wrath of the Euphrates to seize control over Syria's Raqqa, the de facto Daesh capital. Al Tabqah is located some 27 miles to the east of Raqqa.
DIDN'T get tickets to see Jeff Horn vs Terence Crawford fight live in Vegas next weekend? No problem, here's when and where you can watch the fight for free at your local pub this Sunday, June 10.
Undercard begins - 8:30am (AEST)
Main Event - from 10am (AEST)
Camera Icon Jeff Horn at his final sparring session before Terence Crawford fight on June 10. Picture: AAP, Dan Peled
NORTHSIDE VENUES
Breakfast Creek Hotel, Breakfast Creek
Brunswick Hotel, New Farm
Newmarket Hotel, Newmarket
Alderley Arms Hotel, Alderly
Kedron Park Hotel, Kedron
Albion Hotel, Albion
Albany Creek Tavern, Albany Creek
Warner Tavern, Warner
The Four Mile Creek Hotel, Strathpine
Lawnton Tavern, Lawnton
Kallangur Tavern, Kallangur
Deception Bay Tavern, Deception Bay
Captain Cook Tavern, Kippa Ring
Club Tavern, Caboolture
Pelican Waters Tavern, Caloundra
Camera Icon Jeff Horn's final sparring session with training partner Ray Robinson. Picture: News Corp Australia, John Gass
WESTSIDE VENUES
The Gap Tavern, The Gap
Ferny Grove Tavern, Ferny Grove
Centenary Tavern, Sumner
Bellbowrie Tavern, Bellbowrie
Racehorse Hotel, Booval
Yamanto Tavern, Bowen
Redbank Plains Tavern, Redbank Plains
Springfield Tavern, Springfield
CITY VENUES
The Victory Hotel, Brisbane
Royal Exchange, Toowong
Morrison Hotel, Woolloongabba
Australian National Hotel, Woolloongabba
Buffalo Bar, Brisbane
Caxton Hotel, Brisbane
Finn McCool's, Fortitude Valley
Pig N' Whistle, multiple locations
EASTSIDE VENUES
Hamilton Hotel, Hamilton
Prince of Wales Hotel, Nundah
Nudgee Beach Hotel, Nudgee
Oxford 152, Bulimba
Belmont Tavern, Belmont
Wynnum Tavern, Wynnum West
Victoria Point Tavern, Victoria Point
Redland Bay Hotel, Redland Bay
SOUTHSIDE VENUES
Stones Corner Hotel, Stones Corner
Chardons Corner Hotel, Annerley
Camp Hill Hotel, Camp Hill
Holland Park Hotel, Holland Park
Mount Gravatt Hotel, Mount Gravatt
Oxley Tavern, Oxley
Sunnybank Hotel, Sunnybank
Forest Lake Tavern, Forest Lake
Springwood Hotel, Springwood
Chatswood Hills Tavern, Springwood
Kensington Tavern, Crestmead
Imperial Hotel, Beenleigh
Norfolk Tavern, Ormeau
Pub Lane Tavern, Greenbank
Jimboomba Tavern, Jimboomba
So-called development hell – into which games can fall when they just, for whatever reason, aren't coming together – can, it seems, sometimes be a good thing. That's certainly true in the case of Prey – originally mooted as the sequel to 2006's well regarded first-person shooter of the same name, the rights to which were acquired by Bethesda Softworks as long ago as 2011.
Somewhere along the line, Bethesda embarked on a major rethink, decided that Prey 2 would instead simply be dubbed Prey and handed the development reins to French outfit Arkane Studios, of Dishonored fame. Despite that chequered history, the resulting Prey, due to hit the shops on 5 May, has managed to retain the status of one of 2017's most-anticipated games.
We managed – at Bethesda's London office – to play through the first hour or so of Prey, a tantalising session which confirmed that it looks well set to live up to its considerable expectations.
The hands-on session also comprehensively demonstrated that the only thing Prey has in common with its 2006 predecessor is its name: it's very much an Arkane Studios project, rather than some sort of reboot, and while it does contain guns, to describe it as a mere first-person shooter would be far too simplistic.
Prey's action starts with a choice: your character has the usefully unisex name Morgan Yu, so you must decide whether to play through as a male or female Morgan.
Morgan, you instantly discover, works for a space-exploration company called TranStar. Prey posits an alternate reality in which President John F Kennedy was never assassinated, so by the time 2032 – when the game is set – comes around, mankind has conquered space much more comprehensively than it is likely to have done in real life.
Morgan is being prepared for a stint on the TranStar space station Talos I, so your first task is to get her (we chose to play the female character) to TranStar's office in preparation for final tests before blasting off. Which involves leaving her agreeably flashy apartment and taking a short helicopter ride, revealing an imaginative take on what San Francisco's skyline might look like in 2032.
After a brief encounter with Morgan's brother Alex, we begin the test – involving answering faintly ludicrous psychological-response questions. But then disaster strikes: through the test area's glass a coffee-mug magically appears. One of the TranStar scientists picks it up, at which point it morphs into a small black alien, which attacks the scientist. Security arrives, gas flows into the test-chamber and we pass out.
Upon awakening back in our apartment, a massive story-twist kicks in – sorry, but there's no way of dealing with this without a spoiler. We're informed by artificial intelligence called January that we're in danger and must escape from the apartment.
In the corridor outside, a dead maintenance employee holds a wrench – which becomes Morgan's first weapon. We use it to smash the apartment's window, and instead of finding ourself on a balcony overlooking San Francisco, we gain access to a lab. Morgan had been on Talos I all along; a bit of exploration revealed the "helicopter" we had previously travelled in to be a sort of mock-up firmly tethered to the ground.
Next task is to reach the space station's lobby. Having passed through various areas familiar from the testing session, and being given a hint by a moving element of the film set-like environment, we call the lift, which reconfigures the scenery, opening a path to the lobby. As we continue to explore, Prey unveiled its main gameplay mechanics.
Before even reaching the lobby, we encountered the odd alien – January informs us they are called Typhon, but are generally known as mimics. They certainly don't like a wrench to the face.
In the lobby, we discover a key gameplay element, called a Neuromod – a liquid that cab be injected into the eye, bringing a new ability. Neuromods are clearly at the heart of Prey's gameplay – later on in the game, they will allow you to take on the mimics' shape-shifting abilities.
Initially, the Neuromod abilities-tree has three branches: Security, Engineer and Scientist. We played it safe by bumping up our health in the Security branch – which also governs weapons-related abilities. The Engineer branch improves mechanical repair skills – we swiftly encountered various objects like pipes leaking gas and a sparking control panel that were begging to be restored to working order. Bumping up your Scientist abilities will clearly allow you to do things like acquire the mimics' attributes.
During play we started to accumulate some weaponry, which had the feel of signature to them. The GLOO gun, for example, shoots out foam which hardens instantly, so can be used to immobilise enemies before you batter them with the wrench or shoot them, and can even be used to build platforms allowing you to get to out-of-reach areas. Indeed, we were able to use it to access the Security area via a vent we wouldn't otherwise have managed to jump up to. We were also told that the GLOO gun can put out fires and temporarily extinguish sparks.
The scene is definitely set for some elaborate puzzles, but unfortunately in the early stages to which we were confined, puzzling merely involved accessing new areas.
Prey takes pains to point out – typically for an Arkane game – that it sets great store in allowing you to play however you choose. Clearly, the play-off between Security, Scientist and Engineer abilities will be at that heart of that ambition, as well as being able to build platforms with the GLOO gun.
We also found a Fabricator: a kind of 3D printer which turned the junk we collected (like burnt-out circuit-boards and rubber piping) into objects like health packs and wrenches. It had loads of empty slots, so obviously operates with a blueprint-style system.
Plus there was a machine which generated a hovering, robotic medical assistant, and we found movable turrets which automatically shot at aliens.
You'll need these weapons and upgrades for what's in store. As well as the mimics, we encountered a larger, bipedal alien, which could have been a mutated human. And ammo seems to be in conspicuously short supply: dead mimics often yielded a handful of shotgun shells.
Prey is clearly a game that demands you use brainpower, rather than fast-twitch skills. It feels more BioShock than first-person shooter; and unlike Dishonored, there's no evidence of any need to employ stealth.
Vibe-wise, it has bags of promise. The game looks fabulous, with a graphics engine that is clearly more modern than that of Dishonored 2 and some neat art-direction touches: although Talos I is suitably futuristic in many respects, it also has plenty of Art Deco-style interior décor.
The creepy, oppressive atmosphere generated by being trapped on an empty space station with nothing but robots and a fast-multiplying population of shape-shifting aliens comes through loud and clear, even in what was effectively an extended tutorial session.
The control system, too, feels spot-on – it was noticeably more minimal and less fiddly than that of Dishonored 2, with a fast-access wheel for weapons, objects and abilities, and the chance to map key weapons and abilities to the d-pad.
First Impressions
Our brief experience of Prey has left us itching to be able to immerse ourselves more comprehensively in the game.
While we merely had the chance to scratch its surface, it feels like a title that contains a treasure trove of horror-inflected sci-fi, along with some potentially imaginative and distinctive gameplay.
Thankfully we'll only have to wait a couple of months for it to reveal its full glory. Here's praying it doesn't get delayed, because Prey looks like one of 2017's sure-fire successes.
Al Horford powers the Celtics with 22 points and 14 rebounds
Published 9:56 AM, April 25, 2018
BOSTON, United States (TO BE UPDATED) – The Boston Celtics take a 3-2 series lead after tripping the Milwaukee Bucks, 92-87, in the first round of the NBA Eastern Conference playoffs on Tuesday, April 24. Al Horford starred with 22 points and 14 rebounds.
The USSSA Baseball Tournament is coming to Miami, OK this weekend.
The City of Miami's Recreation department is hosting the United States Specialty Sports Association Battle in the Parks baseball tournament. Officials say nearly 25 teams will head to Miami for the two-day event in the Little League Baseball Complex and Francis Morgan Field.
Pool play games will begin on Saturday at 9 a.m. The last pitch for the three brackets (14U, 12U, 10U) is at 7:30 p.m. On Sunday, bracket play will begin at 9 a.m. Each team is guaranteed three games in the tournament. Forty-one total games are on tap over the weekend. Gates will open both days at 8 a.m.
Admission cost is $5 for adults and $2 for kids (ages 7-15). Child ages 6 and under are free. Concessions will be available at both fields throughout the event.
(CBS Detroit) – A nationwide hospital safety analysis has found that 23 hospitals in Michigan received an “A” grade for preventing medical errors, accidents, injuries and infections, which collectively are the third leading cause of death in America. On the flip side, 5 hospitals received a “D” or worse, including around Metro Detroit, Pontiac and Lansing.
Michigan is one of only 10 states to have a hospital with an “F” grade: Hurley Medical Center in Flint.
The Leapfrog Group released it's bi-yearly hospital safety grades on Tuesday, finding that hospitals overall have improved in reducing the number of avoidable deaths. The group assessed roughly 2,500 hospitals. Of those, 30 percent earned an “A,” 28 percent earned a “B,” 35 percent a “C,” 6 percent a “D” and 1 percent an “F.”
“The national numbers on death and harm in hospitals have alarmed us for decades. What we see in the new round of Safety Grades are signs of many hospitals making significant improvements in their patient safety record,” Leah Binder, president and CEO of Leapfrog, said in a release.
The assessment system assigns school-style letter grades to general acute-care hospitals. The hope is to determine a patient's risk of further injury or infection if they visit a certain hospital.
Click here to continue.
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what he learned from 2015 CFP
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
1:55 Godspeed, John Glenn: 1921-2016
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting, explains motive
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
2:29 Meet George: The first mature male great white shark tagged by OCEARCH
The man in the seat-cushion costume got all the attention. What appeared to be a driverless vehicle actually had a researcher sitting in the front seat, disguised to make it look like he wasn't behind the wheel.
But the strip of white lights on the top of the windshield offered a clue to the sort-of-clandestine study Virginia Tech is running on the streets of Arlington County, Virginia.
Take a close look at the video of the van tooling around Arlington captured by the news site ARLnow, which, with an assist from NBC Washington's Adam Tuss, unmasked the presence of the rolling experiment.
Tuss knocked on the van's window when he saw it Monday, but the guy in the costume declined to answer questions.
Here's me trying to talk to a man in a car seat costume @nbcwashington pic.twitter.com/e5humOM7uS — Adam Tuss (@AdamTuss) August 7, 2017
"We're trying not to dirty the data and make sure people aren't keeping their eyes peeled," said Mindy Buchanan-King, a spokeswoman for the Virginia Tech Transportation Institute.
The video shows the white strip of windshield lights flickering more or less around crosswalks.
So what's going on?
Researchers are working to make sure their robocars can emit some kind of replacement for the subtle cues that drivers and pedestrians rely on to stay safe.
Developers have taught driverless cars to stay in their lanes, steer around obstacles and follow traffic laws. More and more passengers are being ferried around in test vehicles and getting comfortable giving up the wheel. Now there's a focus is on "external communication."
"It's basically the next big topic we need to tackle," said Myra Blanco, a senior autonomous vehicle researcher at Virginia Tech. From eye contact to little waves, communication between humans is a vital part of what happens on the roads, she said.
When a pedestrian is ready to cross the street, "there's usually that looking at the driver. Is he going to let me go? Should I wait? Is he paying attention or not?" Blanco said.
Same thing with cars at an intersection. "If you have a stop sign, are you going or am I going? Okay, you go ahead first. You kind of do a wave."
Blanco declined to answer questions about the research with the silver van, because she doesn't want to foul up work being conducted by colleagues.
Buchanan-King would not say whether the costumed researcher in the front seat was there as backup, as is customary in driverless testing, or was driving himself.
Virginia Tech released a statement saying "the driver's seating area is configured to make the driver less visible within the vehicle, while still allowing him or her the ability to safely monitor and respond to surroundings."
The study "is investigating the potential need for additional exterior signals on automated vehicles. This research is relevant for ensuring pedestrians, cyclists, and other drivers are accommodated," according to the statement.
It will eventually be made public.
But researchers from Virginia Tech, Ford Motor Company, the University of Leeds and Japan's National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology outlined more details about the questions being considered in such research at symposium this summer.
Among them: How should cars communicate with others on the road while they're moving, stopped or transitioning? And would it make sense to standardise such communication?
In addition to eye contact and gestures, people on the road communicate with "turn signals, horns, and even the control of their movement to show intent (e.g. easing vehicle forward)," according to a summary of the researchers' discussion at the Automated Vehicles Symposium held in San Francisco last month.
It's unclear whether driverless cars "will be able to perceive and communicate intent in the same ways that a human can," according to the summary, so designing them "to signal their intent in ways other roadway users can reliably understand" is critical.
Buchanan-King said the Arlington van was taken off the road temporarily to check in with the driver, given all the attention. "He was fine," she said. "As far as I know the study will continue as planned."
2017 © The Washington Post
This article was originally published by The Washington Post.
HOUSTON - E-cigarettes -- or vaping -- is a habit on the rise as people try to kick old-fashioned cigarettes. But is vaping better?
A recent study from Johns Hopkins University found “high levels of toxic metals” in the liquid that creates the e-cigarette aerosol.
Dr. Howard Wang with Baylor University Medical Center said these metals are dangerous.
“These are things that you are not supposed to be inhaling and have been associated in studies with abnormal immunologic responses and the potential for cancer," he said.
Plus it's been long known that nicotine is dangerous for pregnant women and their fetuses, so yes, we can verify that vaping isn't healthy.
But is it healthier?
The CDC says e-cigarettes do “have the potential to benefit adult smokers if used as a complete substitute.
Which means yes, health care professionals do think vaping is “healthier” than smoking which is why many people believe it can help them kick the habit.
According to the CDC, more people are reaching for vapes over nicotine gums or patches in recent years.
The CDC says more research is needed on this but does site two conflicting studies which can be viewed here. The first study suggests that participants felt vaping helped them quit, but the second study found that e-cigarette users still smoked cigarettes in the long run.
One thing doctors can say for sure is that both smoking and vaping aren't good for you.
VERIFY: Sources
CDC
Dr. Howard Wang, Baylor University Medical Center
Help VERIFY Help our journalists VERIFY the news. Do you know someone else we should interview for this story? Did we miss anything in our reporting? Is there another story you'd like us to VERIFY? Click here.
© 2018 KHOU
South Africa's Springboks Tendai Mtawarira (R) tackles New Zealand's All Blacks Ben Smith during their Rugby Championship match at Westpac Stadium in Wellington, September 13, 2014. REUTERS/Anthony Phelps
MELBOURNE All Blacks fullback Ben Smith has been ruled out of the Otago Highlanders' South Africa tour after suffering an ankle strain in the 57-14 trouncing of the Stormers on Friday.
The Highlanders captain will miss next week's match against the Cheetahs in Bloemfontein and the following game against the twice champion Bulls in Pretoria, local media reported, citing a team spokesman.
Smith will target a return for the May 20 match against Western Force in Perth.
His absence opens the door for Richard Buckman, who replaced Smith at fullback earlier in the season when he was out with concussion.
Highlanders coach Tony Brown also has Matt Faddes as another option for the number 15 jersey.
(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
A key player appears to be bowing out of The Good Fight. Although a rep for the CBS All Access drama declined to comment, TVLine has learned that original cast member Justin Bartha is not expected to return for the already-ordered Season 3 — at least not as a series regular. May Sweep 2018: Most Shocking Deaths Launch Gallery
The Good Wife spinoff's Season 2 finale certainly laid the groundwork for a potential Bartha exit. Not only did his character Colin's relationship with Cush Jumbo's Lucca all but end, the legal eagle had already relocated to Washington, D.C. However, the fact that Colin and Lucca now have a child together — son, Joesph Quinn-Morrello, born in the finale — sets the stage for Bartha to make occasional guest appearances.
Bartha is the second Good Fight regular to exit the series since its launch last year. At the conclusion of Season 1, it was announced that Erica Tazel — aka attorney Barbara Kolstad — would not be back for Season 2. To fill that void, EPs Robert and Michelle King brought in Audra McDonald to reprise her Good Wife role as Liz Lawrence. Additionally, Michael Boatman (Julius Cain) and Nyambi Nyambi (Jay Dipersia) were upped to series regulars.
The Good Fight‘s second season ended last Sunday. Season 3 is expected to bow in early 2019.
Have you ever needed extra pockets?
How about on your feet?
Nike's latest Benassi Slides have got you covered! The fanny pack flops are expected to be released this summer. Perfect for chapstick, keys, or headphones, the sliders have got everyone talking on Twitter.
New "Fanny Pack" Benassi Slides from Nike. What are you putting in these?
Details: https://t.co/at8l7WcF5X pic.twitter.com/Ig63HV2YiM — SoleCollector.com (@SoleCollector) May 30, 2018
Twitter users had a mixed reaction.
Not gonna lie. I wanna pair of those fanny pack slides @Nike — LaThorn Ball (@Thorn0824) May 30, 2018
I Lowkey want those Nike fanny pack slides... I need a new compartment for my chapsticks — TMoney (@timeismonet) May 30, 2018
They will also be available in pink and black.
Would you rock these?
© 2018 KENS
GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations human rights office called on Friday on Myanmar authorities to release two detained Reuters journalists, a day after they were denied bail.
Slideshow (3 Images)
“We repeat the calls for their immediate release and for the charges to be dropped,” U.N. human rights spokesman Rupert Colville told a Geneva news briefing. “We are alarmed at the serious erosion of freedom of expression in Myanmar.”
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house Pause
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
4:07 Gamecocks react after loss to UConn
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold his house, here's what it looks like
1:43 Donald Trump's greatest South Carolina hits in 90 seconds
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP Image 1 of / 18 Captions Close
Image 1 of 18 San Antonio Spurs guard Derrick White (4) guards Atlanta Hawks guard Trae Young (11) during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake City. San Antonio Spurs guard Derrick White (4) guards Atlanta Hawks guard Trae Young (11) during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake City. Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP
Image 2 of 18 Memphis Grizzlies forward Jaren Jackson Jr., rear, defends against Utah Jazz forward Georges Niang, right, during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake City. less Memphis Grizzlies forward Jaren Jackson Jr., rear, defends against Utah Jazz forward Georges Niang, right, during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake ... more Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP
Image 3 of 18 Memphis Grizzlies forward Jaren Jackson Jr., left, defends against Utah Jazz forward Georges Niang (31) during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake City. Memphis Grizzlies forward Jaren Jackson Jr., left, defends against Utah Jazz forward Georges Niang (31) during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake City. Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP
Image 4 of 18 Utah Jazz guard Thomas Wilder (16) goes to the basket as Memphis Grizzlies forward Ivan Rabb (10) defends during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake City. Utah Jazz guard Thomas Wilder (16) goes to the basket as Memphis Grizzlies forward Ivan Rabb (10) defends during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake City. Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP
Image 5 of 18
Image 6 of 18 Memphis Grizzlies forward Jaren Jackson Jr. (13) and Utah Jazz center Diamond Stone (50) battle for a loose ball during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake City. less Memphis Grizzlies forward Jaren Jackson Jr. (13) and Utah Jazz center Diamond Stone (50) battle for a loose ball during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake ... more Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP
Image 7 of 18 Miami Heat center Bam Adebayo, left, guards Los Angeles Lakers center Moritz Wagner during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. Miami Heat center Bam Adebayo, left, guards Los Angeles Lakers center Moritz Wagner during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. Photo: Rich Pedroncelli, AP
Image 8 of 18 Miami Heat forward Derrick Jones Jr., left, drives to the basket against Los Angeles Lakers guard Josh Hart during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. less Miami Heat forward Derrick Jones Jr., left, drives to the basket against Los Angeles Lakers guard Josh Hart during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, ... more Photo: Rich Pedroncelli, AP
Image 9 of 18 Los Angeles Lakers guard Demarcus Holland, left, pulls the ball away from Miami Heat forward Derrick Jones Jr. during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. less Los Angeles Lakers guard Demarcus Holland, left, pulls the ball away from Miami Heat forward Derrick Jones Jr. during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, ... more Photo: Rich Pedroncelli, AP
Image 10 of 18
Image 11 of 18 Miami Heat forward Derrick Jones Jr., right, scores over Los Angeles Lakers forward Johnathan Williams during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. Miami Heat forward Derrick Jones Jr., right, scores over Los Angeles Lakers forward Johnathan Williams during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. Photo: Rich Pedroncelli, AP
Image 12 of 18 Miami Heat forward Duncan Robinson, left, drives against Los Angeles Lakers guard Jeffrey Carroll during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. Miami Heat forward Duncan Robinson, left, drives against Los Angeles Lakers guard Jeffrey Carroll during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. Photo: Rich Pedroncelli, AP
Image 13 of 18 San Antonio Spurs center Amida Brimah (37) looks at the scoreboard after sitting on the bench during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game against the Atlanta Hawks Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake City. less San Antonio Spurs center Amida Brimah (37) looks at the scoreboard after sitting on the bench during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game against the Atlanta Hawks Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in ... more Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP
Image 14 of 18 San Antonio Spurs' Jeff Ledbetter, left, steals the ball from Atlanta Hawks' Jock Landale, right, during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake City. San Antonio Spurs' Jeff Ledbetter, left, steals the ball from Atlanta Hawks' Jock Landale, right, during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake City. Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP
Image 15 of 18
Image 16 of 18 Atlanta Hawks guard Jaylen Morris, left, guards San Antonio Spurs guard Derrick White (4) during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake City. Atlanta Hawks guard Jaylen Morris, left, guards San Antonio Spurs guard Derrick White (4) during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake City. Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP
Image 17 of 18 San Antonio Spurs forward Chimezie Metu (10) shoots as Atlanta Hawks forward John Collins, left, defends during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake City. San Antonio Spurs forward Chimezie Metu (10) shoots as Atlanta Hawks forward John Collins, left, defends during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake City. Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP
April 24 (UPI) -- A federal judge in Brooklyn set actress Allison Mack's bail at $5 million Tuesday as she faces charges for sex trafficking for an alleged cult leader.
The 35-year-old actress, best known for her role on Smallville, will be allowed to serve home detention at her parents' house in Los Alamitos, Calif.
Variety reported Mack is likely to cut a deal with prosecutors to provide information on Keith Raniere, the founder of Nxivm, an Albany, N.Y.-based self-help group whose stated goal is to "empower people," but that prosecutors allege was a cult that coerced women into sex and forced labor.
Raniere was arrested last month on federal charges of sex trafficking, sex-trafficking conspiracy and forced labor conspiracy. He denied the charges.
"The picture being painted in the media is not how I know our community and friends to be, nor how I experience it myself," Raniere said in a statement last month.
Mack was arrested on Friday on the same charges. She pleaded not guilty.
"Allison Mack recruited women to join what was purported to be a female mentorship group that was, in fact, created and led by Keith Raniere," U.S attorney Richard P. Donoghue said. "The victims were then exploited, both sexually and for their labor, to the defendants' benefit."
Mack hasn't commented publicly on the charges.
Prosecutors described Nxivm as the umbrella organization of a secret sex cult known as DOS, a Latin acronym that loosely translates as "Lord/Master of the Obedient Female Companions."
Prosecutors said women were coerced into taking sexual photos and making embarrassing confessions on video, which would then be used to blackmail the "slaves" into performing acts ranging from getting coffee and cleaning to having sex with Raniere.
Murray Kinsella reports from Stade de France
JOSH VAN DER Flier looks set to miss Ireland's second round Six Nations clash with Italy next weekend after suffering an injury during his side's dramatic 15-13 win over France in Paris.
Van der Flier was injured in the first half. Source: Billy Stickland/INPHO
The openside flanker was replaced in the first half of Ireland's victory at Stade de France and Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt said post-match that van der Flier is unlikely to be fit for the Italy fixture.
“I think at this stage, Josh will be unavailable next week,” said Schmidt. “He will get a scan either tomorrow evening or Monday depending on when we can get the spot with us traveling tomorrow.
“It looks like it could be a medial ligament, just with the mechanism of the injury and that's just my naive diagnosis.
“I don't think there's anyone else [injured] other than a lot of fatigue, a lot of bruised bodies and hopefully once we get through tomorrow, we will have a better idea by Monday.”
While Ireland could have been negatively impacted by the loss of van der Flier, his replacement Dan Leavy was outstanding.
The Leinster man hammered into ball carries, tackles and the breakdown with influential aggression and he also displayed his skill level.
Another young Irish forward to impress was Six Nations debutant James Ryan, who shone in the second row.
Schmidt was pleased with Leavy's impact, but also praised the rest of his substitutes.
“We felt that Josh van der Flier was playing really well for us in that opening 25 minutes,” said Schmidt.
Leavy was a powerful presence for Ireland. Source: Dan Sheridan/INPHO
“James Ryan, I felt he was immense. He carried, he tackled, he worked hard, his lineout work was really efficient as well.
“Dan Leavy made an immediate impression when he came on. He got over the ball, he got off the line, he carried strongly and even in those last phases of play, I think Dan Leavy made a difference.
“That's what you want from guys who do come off the bench. Jack McGrath carried strongly when he got on there as well and Dev [Toner] in those last few phases as well.
“I think probably one of the best cleanouts of the match was Fergus McFadden, it is something that he does really well.
“That's why you try to keep building a squad. One thing I felt was that the replacement front row did a great job, they had France in a lot of trouble. Twice on the far side of the pitch they scrummed right over them and unfortunately we didn't get any decisions there, but it was a fantastic effort.”
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Milo Yiannopoulos joined Breitbart News Editor-In-Chief Alex Marlow on Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 Monday to discuss website domain provider GoDaddy's suspension of neo-Nazi site The Daily Stormer.
Marlow opened the conversation by noting, “The Daily Stormer, by the way, has boycotted Breitbart because we let [Milo] write for us and other gay people.”
advertisement
“You'll never hear that in the media,” Milo added. “The Daily Stormer, the white supremacist hub on the Internet, hates me and hates Breitbart. That's not coming to CNN anytime soon.”
“Most importantly of all with this endlessly amusing story is, and get these ladies and gentlemen, the Daily Stormer was white supremacist yesterday too, and the day before, and a year ago, and two years ago, yet GoDaddy decides to ban them today,” Marlow explained. “This virtue signaling is just getting absolutely ridiculous at this point.”
Milo then started to raise the issue of “viewpoint censorship” and how GoDaddy could start suspending reasonable right-wing websites in an effort to virtue signal.
“I think to be clear, the Daily Stormer hates me, hates you, and we hate them, but there's a problem here which is the corporation that does this, that is going to commit what I call ‘viewpoint discrimination,' is likely to do it again,” proclaimed Milo. “And next time it might not be white supremacists, next time it might be just regular right-wingers, next time it might be perfectly respectable, reasonable people, like you and me.”
“That's exactly what the left did in the last election, they extended the definition of white supremacist, white nationalist to include basically the other half of the country, and when they do so it legitimizes virtue signalling on a grand scale for corporations who start to take away the rights of conservatives,” Milo continued. “Now the GoDaddy thing tests our conservative principles to the absolute limit because it is a private corporation, and they should be able to do whatever they want, the First Amendment does apply to them, and Americans rightly are very skeptical and mistrustful of anyone who tries to influence how corporations do business, but… firstly, Orwell was wrong, or at least his book was incomplete. He didn't foresee the role that corporate America would play in censorship in the future. He thought it would just be the government.”
“Actually, as it turns out, there's a reason Americans hate the federal government: your government sucks, it's useless, it's completely incompetent, so if it were only the government trying to force viewpoint censorship, it wouldn't be such a problem. But corporate America is on the train too, and it's corporate America that ordinary Americans need to worry most about, because it has so much more of an impact on daily lives,” he explained. “And the issue is that corporate America is really great at what it does, like America has the best capitalism in the world, so when companies become successful they often become monopolies. And when they become monopolies like let's say Twitter for instance, which has a monopoly on certain kinds of speech, or at least important sort of speech in journalism and in politics and publishing and various other entertainment. Twitter sort of has a total monopoly on certain kinds of speech in public life.”
Milo then asked that “if it were any other kind of organization that had that kind of stranglehold on a particular industry or a particular part of daily life, wouldn't [America] be calling for it to be regulated like a public utility? Wouldn't they be requiring Twitter to at least consider the First Amendment dimension of the decisions it makes, and not ban prominent conservatives?”
“This is why it tests conservatives and makes us very uncomfortable, wading into the affairs of private companies,” Milo concluded. “In America, where these companies grew up, they remain the only industry completely untouched of monopoly law, and that I think is probably going to change.”
[India], July 4 (ANI): An internal inquiry conducted by the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) has found that all procedures laid down by the government were followed and there was no anomaly while granting passport to the inter-faith couple, Tanvi Seth and Anas Siddiqui, sources said on Wednesday. They added that the inquiry also found that Vikas Mishra, the officer at the Lucknow Passport Office, had overstepped the bound of his duty which is why he will remain posted at Gorakhpur.
Sources said that the applicants met all the necessary criteria laid down by the government and there was no adverse report against Seth or Siddiqui by the Local Intelligence Unit during the security clearance. It was further clarified that a marriage certificate was not needed document for passport and the other documents produced by them met the requirements for the passport issuance.
Tanvi Seth made news on June 20 after requesting External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj for help on Twitter, claiming she and her husband Anis Siddiqui were harassed by an officer at the Lucknow Passport Office at Ratan Square. Seth alleged that the officer Vikas Mishra asked her why she had not changed her name after marrying a Muslim. Following the complaint by Seth, MEA promptly ordered an inquiry and issued Seth a passport next day while transferring out Mishra to Gorakhpur. Shortly after the action was taken against Mishra reports claimed that Seth's address did not match with the one provided on her passport. Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) Deepak Kumar had said that the verification report sent to the Regional Passport Office (RPO) showed that Seth has been living in Noida, while she had given a Lucknow address for police verification. However, on Wednesday, sources said that police verification has nothing to do with the address and it is done to check the criminal record and nationality of the applicant. "Adverse police report does not stand ground as government notification of May 21, 2018 clearly says that police verification is done only to ascertain nationality and to check whether the applicant has any criminal record. It is not done to check name or address," sources added. EAM Sushma Swaraj was abused and trolled on Twitter for helping the couple and transferring out the passport officer who allegedly humiliated the couple on grounds of religion. She was even accused of minority appeasement ahead of the upcoming elections. Seth had alleged that the officer questioned her marital status and spoke to her rudely. She also claimed that others in the passport office did not even react to his "rude demeanour." Her husband Siddiqui too alleged that he was told to change his religion and take "pheras." Swaraj's Additional Private Secretary Vijay Dwivedi had forwarded the message to MEA Secretary (CPV) D.M. Mulay on June 20 who immediately sought a report from Lucknow RPO. The couple was handed over their passport the next day and Mishra was transferred out. Sources said that Mishra had overstepped the bound of his duty. Though he has not been suspended he will remain posted in Gorakhpur. Sources added that transfers are a routine affair. (ANI)
UP-and-coming Fremantle midfielder Ed Langdon has declared he wants to be a “one-club player”, believing that Fremantle is starting to move beyond a rebuild phase.
Langdon, 22, will play his 29th game on Sunday in the first Western Derby at Optus Stadium and is becoming a key player because of his relentless midfield run. He is averaging 21 disposals per game this year and has three goals from his four games.
“I would love to be a one club player. After four years I have really started to establish myself at the club and I love the direction at the club at the moment I think we are definitely on the right track,” he said this morning.
“It has been reported that we are under rebuild. I think we are starting to move beyond that rebuild and starting to put some performances together.”
Langdon steered clear of any Ross Glendinning Medal controversy when he spoke at Cockburn. He said the club's position on the medal was a board level discussion.
“This will be my third or fourth derby and the first one at the new stadium so we will certainly be looking to get the win this week,” he said.
“We try and attack every game like we do every week. It is a great game for the state and all WA football fans. Hopefully we can put on a show.
Camera Icon Freo speedster Ed Langdon. Picture: Getty Images
“Everyone is excited about playing in the derby. We have got a lot of young players. There will be four or five who it will be their first derby. It is really exciting for the club.
“The club has made their position pretty evident. It is at board level and the players don't have a whole lot to do with that.”
Glendinning was a “Brownlow Medallist, obviously a great WA player”, he said.
Asked if he would like a Fremantle name alongside Glendinning's on a medal presented for the best player in the derby Langdon said: “That would be ideal.
“That is obviously the discussion between the two clubs. But we are in the first derby at Optus Stadium that will be special enough come Sunday I would have thought.
“There are so many individual accolades anyway I think and as I said winning the first derby at Optus Stadium would be pretty special for anyone involved.”
Many aspects of the physical and chemical behavior of soils are directly related to the minerals present. "This includes shrink-swell behavior, soil structure, availability of nutrients, and the fate of contaminants that enter the soil," according to Judith Turk, University of Nebraska-Lincoln.
The "Soil Mineralogy" symposium at the Managing Global Resources for a Secure Future ASA, CSSA, SSSA International Annual Meeting in Tampa, FL, will explore several current topics. The symposium will be held Monday, October 23, 2017, 1:30 PM. The meeting is sponsored by the American Society of Agronomy, Crop Science Society of America, and the Soil Science Society of America. Turk is the organizer of the symposium.
Clay Robinson, University of Illinois, will review research done on Texas soils. He studied a clay soil typical in the Texas Panhandle, where infrequent, but rapid, rainfall events occur. These soils tend to crack and form crusts. Results show the absorption of water in dried Texas soils during rapid rain events may not be as much as expected. To view more about this talk, visit https:/ / scisoc. confex. com/ crops/ 2017am/ webprogram/ Paper109377. html .
Growers often fertilize their fields with mined phosphorus. However, reserves of phosphorus are being depleted. Jibing Xiong, China University of Mining and Technology, will discuss extracting phosphorus from dolomite phosphate rock from central Florida.
###
For more information about the 2017 meeting, visit https:/ / www. acsmeetings. org/ . Media are invited to attend the conference. Pre-registration by Oct. 10, 2017 is required. Visit https:/ / www. acsmeetings. org/ media for registration information. For information about the "Soil Mineralogy" symposium, visit https:/ / scisoc. confex. com/ crops/ 2017am/ webprogram/ Session16631. html .
To speak with one of the scientists, contact Susan V. Fisk, 608-273-8091, sfisk@sciencesocieties.org to arrange an interview.
* Q2 operating profit jumps to 42.1 bln yen, beats consensus
* Profit for first half up, but revenue almost flat
* Keeps FY operating profit view unchanged at 175 bln yen (Recasts, adds CEO's comments on prices)
By Chris Gallagher and Sam Nussey
TOKYO, April 13 Japan's Fast Retailing Co Ltd , the owner of cheap-and-cheerful clothing chain Uniqlo, said raising prices at home was "unthinkable" with weak wages continuing to sap demand amid the country's long struggle to overcome deflation.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's government is keen for Japan Inc to hike salaries in a bid to support the economy and overcome almost two decades of growth-sapping deflation, but real wages have been largely flat. This has dragged on consumer confidence, prompting retailers to offer products for less and cut expenses.
"It is unthinkable for us to raise prices at this stage," Fast Retailing Chief Executive Tadashi Yanai told reporters at an earnings briefing on Thursday, after earlier reporting a jump in profits but virtually flat revenues.
"Wages in Japan unfortunately have not risen enough."
Yanai built his apparel empire during the height of Japan's deflation days, with its low-cost wear making Uniqlo something of a poster child for deflation, but raised prices across the board in 2014 as the value of the yen plummeted.
That backfired as shoppers balked at higher prices, eroding profits, and the firm had to resort to cuts the following year.
The retailer's operating profit jumped 32 percent to 130.7 billion yen ($1.2 billion) over the six months ended February, but revenue gained a mere 0.6 percent to 1.02 trillion yen.
It reiterated its operating profit forecast for the year to August at a record high of 175 billion yen, although this is below analysts' expectations of about 179 billion yen.
In Japan, Uniqlo operating profit rose 7.3 percent during the six months, while sales gained just 0.3 percent.
Overseas, Yanai has been leading Fast Retailing on a rapid expansion with the goal of eventually overtaking Zara-owner Inditex SA and Hennes & Mauritz AB (H&M) as the world's top apparel retailer.
Uniqlo, known for its HeatTech fabric technology and rainbow coloured-basics, opened its 1,000th overseas store this fiscal year. That is more than triple the number of stores the retailer had just five years ago.
In the September-February first half, Uniqlo's overseas operating profit surged 66 percent, led by Greater China and Southeast Asia, but sales inched up 0.9 percent after accounting for a stronger yen compared with the same period last year.
Fast Retailing said the yen averaged 108.7 per dollar in the September-February period, stronger than 120.7 a year ago.
Fast Retailing shares are down about 17 percent year to date, while the broader Topix index is down more than 3 percent. The stock closed down about a percent ahead of results on Thursday, versus a 0.8 percent drop in the benchmark. ($1 = 109.0200 yen) (Reporting by Chris Gallagher and Sam Nussey; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
Now that she's left Rosewood for good, Shay Mitchell is diving right back into another psychological thriller.
The Pretty Little Liars alum has signed on to co-star in the upcoming Lifetime drama series You, according to The Hollywood Reporter. Mitchell will play Peach Salinger, a queen-bee type who's a close friend of aspiring writer Beck, played by series star Elizabeth Lail (Once Upon a Time).
Based on the Caroline Kepnes novel, You also star Gossip Girl veteran Penn Badgley as Joe, a bookstore owner who becomes obsessed with Beck and uses social media to keep tabs on her and remove any possible obstacles to their romance. Greg Berlanti (The Flash, Arrow) and The Magicians creator Sera Gamble will co-write the pilot script and serve as executive producers.
For seven seasons, Mitchell starred as the athletic Emily Fields on Freeform's Pretty Little Liars, which aired its series finale back in June. In addition to the role, Mitchell has launched her own production company and signed a development deal with Warner Bros. Television.
What's going on between Carole Radziwill and Adam Kenworthy?
The Real Housewives of New York City star and the chef first sparked breakup rumors last week after Radziwill, 53, unfollowed Kenworthy, 32, on Instagram. Now,Entertainment Tonight is reporting the two have called it quits — but a source close to the Bravo star tells PEOPLE it's not that simple.
“They took a break — but they still spend a lot of time together,” says the source. “It's still unclear. It's not black or white. The truth is they have an unconventional relationship, and they're in an in-between stage.”
A rep for Radziwill declined to comment when reached by PEOPLE.
RELATED VIDEO: Carole Radziwill Recounts the Night That JFK Jr. and Carolyn Bessette's Plane Disappeared
“He moved out, but he never really moved in permanently,” continues the source, referencing a June episode of RHONY that depicted Kenworthy moving out of Radziwill's apartment. “They took a trip right before the reunion. But it's not a conventional situation.”
Radziwill has previously admitted that living under the same roof wasn't a good fit for the couple.
“Living together, our relationship evolved past the point where either of us felt comfortable,” she said during a RHONY confessional. “I didn't want to keep reminding him to pick up his socks. I'm not that girl.”
“It's time for him to have his own place,” she added. “I'm not sad. I think six months of living together was a lot for me, you know? It's not like we don't love each other. I feel like there's balance again. Our relationship is not one where we should be living together.”
FROM PEN: Andy Cohen's Pick for the Most Absurd Real Housewives Business Ever
Radziwill opened up to PEOPLE last year about her relationship with Kenworthy, saying that when it comes to dating a younger guy, “there's not a lot of baggage.”
“But it's not really an age thing. Particular to Adam, there's an innocence there and a newness and a curiosity that is nice,” she said. “I don't think I wouldn't date someone because they're 60 or 30. [Age] is not one of the top three criteria. For me, it's good values, integrity and character.”
“And looks and personality,” she added. “I mean, let's be honest — you have to look cute and have a good personality.”
Part 1 of The Real Housewives of New York City reunion airs Wednesday at 9 p.m. ET on Bravo.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ORLANDO -- A couple moving a gas grill in an SUV was injured on Sunday when one of them lit a cigarette and an explosion happened.
Orlando police released photos of the Kia Sorento that showed extensive damage to the SUV with the roof blown out and the airbags deployed. The windshield was lying on the ground. All of the other glass was blown from the vehicle.
A gas grill being transported inside this car exploded when passenger lit a cigarette. 2 in car sustained burns; not life threatening. pic.twitter.com/76OaeJiCiv — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) August 13, 2017
Police said the couple in the SUV sustained burns but their injuries were not life threatening.
The grill was turned on and the propane tank was open and connected, according to the Orlando Sentinel, The wife lit a cigarette and the SUV exploded according to police. After the explosion, the vehicle crashed into a pole
By: Will Burchfield
@burchie_kid
Hardly anyone saw this coming.
The Lions are 3-1 and their defense is to thank.
Even more improbably, that defense, which is holding opponents to 17.5 points per game, has been fueled by turnovers.
After nabbing just 14 takeaways last season, the Lions already have 11 through four games, tied for the most in the league. Jim Caldwell doesn't believe turnovers are contagious — “I've certainly never seen that kind of virus going around a locker room,” he smiled — but it looks like the Lions' defense has caught the bug.
Patient zero? That would be Glover Quin, with two interceptions, including a pick-six, and two forced fumbles through four games.
The Lions are on pace for 44 takeaways, and no team has surpassed that number since the Chargers produced 48 in 2007. Is it sustainable?
“It would be bad to say no, obviously. We'll assume and hope that every time we go out to play we can turn the ball over,” said Quin. “That's our job as a defense, to get stops and get the ball back to our offense by any means necessary. We pride on ourselves on tackling the football, and when the ball is in the air we pride ourselves on getting it. If we continue to work on those things and work that way, we should be able to keep it up.”
Caldwell said the Lions made turnovers a particular point of emphasis entering this season. During team drills in training camp, for example, they instituted a rule that after every play the ball-carrier had to run the ball back to a practice manager as defensive players tried to knock it loose. Every defensive player had to lay a hand on the ball-carrier — or they'd hear about it from a coach.
“It gets us in the mindset that we're trying to get (the ball) out,” Caldwell said.
The coaching staff also set up circuit training for the defensive players, with each station geared toward takeaways.
“There's an old Bo Schembechler term. I think he used to always say, ‘You achieve what you emphasize.' And in this particular case we gave it a little bit more emphasis, and hopefully it'll pay off for us for the entire year,” said Caldwell.
How much of that practice work is responsible for the team's surge in takeaways is hard to say. But it's clear the Lions have also benefited from some good fortune. They've recovered four of six fumbles, which is due to happenstance more than skill, and they've been gifted at least two interceptions thanks to tipped passes by opposing receivers.
With seven picks through four games, the Lions, who collected just 10 all of last season, are on pace for the highest total since the Packers collected 31 in 2011.
“That's our job. I don't take anything for a fluke,” said defensive coordinator Teryl Austin. “There are a lot of plays when you say pick like we didn't deserve it. We deserved it. Bottom line. If we get an interception, it's because we're running to the ball. We're in the right spots. I won't ever qualify any turnover as something they (the other team) did. It's something we did.”
Caldwell referred to it as “the law of averages,” an ironic choice of words given the regression that may be in order.
“Usually the more people that you have around the ball when the ball is loose, the better off your chances are at getting it. If you got guys hustling, tipped balls don't typically hit the ground in this league. If people are moving in the right direction at the right speed, then we should be able to get our fair share of them,” Caldwell said.
All true. But surely the Lions were employing these tactics a year ago, when turnovers were like water in the desert. A few new drills in practice cannot account for the sudden oasis.
The Lions' takeaway-happy defense, while certainly a credit to player development, is mostly a product of good fortune and statistical whims. Can they maintain their pace of 28 interceptions and 44 takeaways? Perhaps, and unsuspecting teams have defied the odds before, but in all likelihood regression to the mean will take over.
“We'll keep going until something does change,” said Austin. “But I think we got a chance to be a pretty good defense. We just have to continue to improve each week.”
Aside from their knack for takeaways, the Lions have otherwise fielded an average defense. They're in the middle of the pack when it comes to yards against, first downs against and sacks. If and when the well of turnovers runs dry, is there reason to believe the defense can still perform at a high level?
“I mean, we played against the Giants and didn't have but one turnover, and we still played a pretty good game,” said Quin, referring to Detroit's 24-10 win in Week 2. ” Turnovers are like a bonus, we have to play sound defense regardless. Turnovers are just a bonus.”
NEW Zealand champion Leana de Bruin has been confirmed as Adelaide Thunderbirds captain for the Super Netball season.
Thunderbirds coach Dan Ryan said the former South African and Kiwi international was the obvious choice to lead the club as it seeks to rebound from a nightmare 2017 season.
As predicted by The Advertiser on Monday, she will replace Erin Bell, skipper for the past two years who have moved to Collingwood.
Veteran midcourter Chelsea Pitman has been announced as vice-captain with Kate Shimmin, Fiona Fowler and Cat Tuivaiti in the leadership group.
De Bruin said she was honoured to be given the role, adding she was a form believer in leading by example.
“If you don't practise what you preach then there is no point, that's how I see it,” de Bruin said. “I want to be here to win.
“If you don't want to be here to win then you may as well not turn up. I've retired internationally, but I feel like I'm back in the competitiveness of really tough competition.
“That is why I came over (from NZ), because I miss the fierce competitiveness and professionalism over here.
“I'm excited to see what this group can do. There is a lot of potential.”
Ryan said history proved the best captains are defenders, while de Bruin has a proven record as a leader and the mindset of being a winner.
He noted she had the mindset when under pressure to want to be the person who wins the ball for the team and described that as leadership.
“Leadership is about influencing the people around you and the results of matches,” he said. “It is probably easier to captain as a defender because all you have to is stopped your opponent and get the ball. There is a lot less emotion than an attacker has to deal with.
“Leana's competitiveness and winning spirit, plus her tenacity, are things she brings to the team and that fits in nicely with what we are trying to create.”
More Americans are putting down Buds and Coors, instead grabbing wine, liquor, Corona and Michelob.
Americans' changing drinking habits have been taking shape for years, but the trend accelerated in 2018. Beer shipments from US breweries are down 3.5% so far this year, according to The Beer Institute, an industry trade group.
The big four US brands — Bud Light, Miller Lite, Coors Light, and Budweiser — have been hit particularly hard.
What's wrong with Big American Beer? Drinkers think it's stale, compared to the innovative new brands and creative concepts emerging from craft breweries, vineyards and distilleries.
Related: Budweiser falls off the list of America's three favorite beers
“Well-established category leaders are finding it challenging to maintain their relevance against a backdrop with so much innovation and new brand activity,” said Cowen analyst Vivien Azer. “You now see a much more promiscuous alcohol consumer.”
Brewpubs and axe-throwing bars
A wider selection on the shelves and growing concepts, such as brewpubs, taprooms, music festivals, axe-throwing and similar gaming bars, have created challenges for the once-dominant players. More people are also drinking when they eat out at restaurants or order food at home.
Related: Beer is being rationed in the UK
“We estimate that meals represent over 40% of total alcohol-appropriate occasions globally, though beer is underrepresented,” Anheuser-Busch InBev CEO Carlos Brito told analysts last month.
American drinkers have found that beer doesn't go with everything. Instead of choosing beer for every alcohol occasion, more people are making their decisions based on social activities, Nielsen alcohol analysts say.
Azer said drinkers today might reach for a Mimosa at brunch, but pick a glass of wine or a cocktail at happy hour, bourbon on a cold night, or a beer during a Sunday football game.
AB InBev, the distributor of Budweiser, Bud Light, and Stella Artois, is trying to reposition its beers to fit the changing drinking environment.
“Budweiser is the perfect beer for high-energy, premium party occasions,” Brito said.
Generational change
Shifts in younger drinkers' preferences have upended the industry.
Millennials have shown a tendency to experiment across categories, explained Eric Shepard, executive editor of trade publication Beer Marketer's Insights.
Related: Trump's new tariffs could make beer, cars and baseball bats more expensive
Fewer people today say they exclusively drink beer or wine, and category lines are blurring, with the rise of flavored malt beverages, spiked seltzers, and exotic bourbon and whiskey wines, Nielsen analysts have found.
More women are also drinking. Women favor wine and cocktails at a higher rate than men, these analysts say.
Craft brews, once the bright spot in the US beer industry, are beginning to grow at a slower pace.
“There's a certain saturation point that you reach in any kind of trend,” said Robert Ottenstein, an analyst at Evercore ISI. “Not everybody is an experimenter.”
Many drinkers have settled into their go-to craft brands after testing out the myriad lines and flavors that have cropped up in recent years.
Related: Forget craft beer. The next craze is non-alcoholic brews
At a Stifel analyst conference earlier this month, outgoing Craft Brew Alliance chief financial officer Joe Vanderstelt said that many craft lagers were not immune to drinkers replacing beer with wine and spirits. Craft Brew believes its Kona brand can continue to attract new drinkers.
Craft wine and liquor
Wines and liquors — roses, proseccos, bourbons, whiskeys, tequilas, and cognacs — have recently taken advantage of the same phenomenons that led to the craft explosion, said Mimi Bonnett, an analyst at consumer research firm Mintel.
“Most wines and spirits are also well positioned to leverage the nuances of ‘craft' without much effort,” she said. “They share many of the same traits: heritage, hand-craftsmanship, aged qualities, regionality, a sense of premium and, in some cases, small batch.”
Tito's Handmade Vodka has been a “blockbuster” over the past several years, Ottenstein said, while Jack Daniel's brands have led to a whiskey resurgence.
“It was really the launch of Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey that set the category on its growth cycle,” Azer said.
Big beer slips
“Growth in wine and spirits has continued. There's no doubt about that,” MillerCoors CEO Gavin Hattersley said last month. 21- to 27-year old drinkers have drifted away from beer, Hattersley told analysts.
MillerCoors' owner Molson Coors reported a 3.8% loss of volume in the United States last quarter. The weak results drove its stock to a four-year low. AB InBev reported a 4.1% decline in North America.
Related: Molson Coors tanks on weak US beer sales
The most recent quarter was another mark in the steady decline of beer's popularity and the erosion of AB InBev and Molson Coors' market share.
Since 2002, beer's share of the alcohol market has fallen to 46% from 54%, according to Cowen. Wine has jumped to 37% from 30%, while spirits have ticked up to 17% from 16%.
Corona time
Americans are still drinking beer — just better beer. The premium end of the market is growing faster than the bottom portion.
“There's a huge shift toward higher end beer,” Ottenstein said.
Constellation Brands, the Mexican-based distributor of Corona, Modelo and Pacifico, has capitalized on Americans' love for imported lagers. Shipments from Mexico, the largest beer exporter to the United States, were up 9.5% through May, the Commerce Department said.
Constellation is now expanding with new lines such as Corona Premier and Corona Refresca.
Related: The company that owns Corona is getting into the pot business
Premier will take on Michelob Ultra, a low-carb light beer that has been one of the most successful beers for AB InBev. It has grown its share for three straight years by appealing as a “lifestyle” beer for more affluent, active drinkers.
I would be robber is recovering in the John Hunter after an alleged failed break in attempt at Wangi Wangi.
The 47 year old was sprung on the roof by owners– he tried to jump off the roof, landing on concrete and suffering serious leg injuries.
He's expected to be charged later today.
Much of the Boise community remains stunned and reeling from Saturday's senseless stabbing which took the life of a 3-year-old girl and seriously injured 8 others.
Scroll for more content...
An especially trying time, however, for those who know the victims personally from their shared place of worship at the Islamic Center of Boise. President of the Center Muntaga Bah visited the victims at St. Lukes Hospital in Boise this morning.
"One of them I just saw today in the hospital -- I actually saw him at the picnic!" Bah tells us. "He went home and got attacked with the knife. That's how everything happened."
Bah was hosting an Islamic Center picnic alongside the father of one of the child victims-- who was also sustained injuries from the incident-- on Saturday when somebody texted with news from the incident.
"It was really like, I just saw him. I actually spoke with him."
This morning -- he finally heard from the victims when he got a call from an unknown number.
"Earlier today one of the kids, he called me, and at first I was like, 'hello? Who is this?'" he says. "A language barrier of course, it took a minute, but then, I put one and one together and I finally said 'as-salamu alaykum,' which is 'peace be upon you,' and then that kind of excited him a little bit, then he responded and we communicated with the mom."
The child asked if Bah could pay him a visit to where he was staying at St. Lukes Hospital, so he went there Monday morning.
"I saw one of the brothers that got attacked-- he got stabbed in the chest. Um, his face has some stitches," he said. "I could feel my body tensing up, I was just saddened by seeing them, shaking their hands, saying 'as-salamu alaykum,' 'How are you guys doing?'"
The road to recovery will be difficult...But it will be eased by the outpouring of community support the victims have received.
Bah is grateful for the support for the victims and the Islamic and refugee community. "Thank you very much for the community. Islamic center of Boise and the Muslim community, and refugee community. Thanks everybody here in Boise for their overwhelming support."
The option to donate directly to the victims' medical bills has been added as a feature to the Islamic Center of Boise website.
Scroll for more content...
President Donald Trump's longtime personal attorney, Michael Cohen, is putting his loyalty to "family and country" before his old boss.
"My wife, my daughter and my son have my first loyalty and always will," Cohen told ABC News' George Stephanopoulos in an interview published Monday morning. "I put family and country first."
Cohen has famously said he would take a bullet for Trump and he has fashioned himself as Trump's "fixer," willing to help handle situations quietly. But the interview raises new questions about Cohen's allegiance to Trump amid his legal troubles and subsequent isolation from the President's inner circle.
A source close to Trump and Cohen told CNN that they believe Cohen is making the case to justify why he will turn against the President.
"He doesn't want to look like he betrayed him, so he's explaining why he's doing what he's going to do. I don't think he personally dislikes Trump. I think he still likes him. His issue is that he doesn't want to be criminally charged or sent to jail and have his family destroyed," the source said.
In the new ABC interview, Cohen refused to follow Trump's lead to cast the FBI in a negative light over April's raids on his home, hotel room and office.
"I don't agree with those who demonize or vilify the FBI. I respect the FBI as an institution, as well as their agents," Cohen said. "When they searched my hotel room and my home, it was obviously upsetting to me and my family. Nonetheless, the agents were respectful, courteous and professional. I thanked them for their service and as they left, we shook hands."
Cohen also pushed back at the President's recent tweet repeating Russian President Vladimir Putin's claim that Russia did not interfere in the 2016 election, as well.
"Simply accepting the denial of Mr. Putin is unsustainable," he said.
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders would not comment Monday afternoon on Cohen's remarks.
"I'm not gonna answer questions on this topic and would refer you to the President's outside counsel," she said.
The President's legal team also declined to comment.
Discussing the ABC interview on CNN's "New Day," CNN Chief Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin said Cohen's interview "clearly implies that he will make a deal with the government if there are charges against him and testify, cooperate, rather than sort of hold the line for Donald Trump.
"It leaves, of course, many questions unanswered. Will charges be filed? It certainly looks that way given the context of how this unfolded," Toobin said.
Toobin added that if Cohen cooperates with authorities, that could affect the Russia investigation as well, which is separate from the federal probe into his business dealings.
"If you are a cooperating witness with the federal government, you cooperate with all of the federal government," Toobin said. "There is no way he could cut a deal with the Southern District that would not involve also cooperating with Mueller. Law enforcement doesn't work that way."
'I am not a villain of this story'
Friends of Cohen's told CNN last month that he has signaled that he is "willing to give" investigators information on the President if that's what they are looking for. He also retained a new lawyer, Guy Petrillo, a former chief of the criminal division of the US attorney's office in Manhattan. Cohen told ABC that his decision to cooperate with federal investigators will be decided based on Petrillo's legal advice.
CNN has reported that Cohen has felt increasingly isolated from the President in the wake of April's raids. Cohen has been under criminal investigation for months because of his business dealings, the Justice Department has said. He has not been charged with any wrongdoing.
Prosecutors in the case are likely to scrutinize Cohen's admission to setting up a limited liability company in 2016 to pay adult film star Stormy Daniels, who alleges she had an affair with Trump more than a decade ago and that she was paid to keep quiet about it. The White House has denied Daniels' allegations.
Trump's longtime lawyer previously said he acted on his own volition in paying Daniels and that he did not plan on repayment from Trump. But in his new interview with ABC News, he held back.
"I want to answer. One day I will answer," he told Stephanopoulos. "But for now, I can't comment further on advice of my counsel."
Cohen also called Trump campaign associates' 2016 meeting at Trump Tower with Russians promising dirt on Hillary Clinton "an example of poor judgment," but declined to answer whether Trump knew about the meeting before it occurred.
Asked about how he would respond to Trump's legal defense attempting to discredit his work, Cohen said that he wouldn't be "a punching bag."
"I am not a villain of this story, and I will not allow others to try to depict me that way," he added.
1:55 Gilbert's Chad Leaphart: This win was for a lot of people Pause
0:56 Jacquez Terrell after rushing for 112 yards and two touchdowns in Spring Valley's 42-21 win over Irmo
1:49 Robin Bacon discusses Spring Valley win
2:06 Confederate flag ignites battle between private Columbia school, parent says it's his right
2:30 Postgame comments from Lexington's win over River Bluff
1:58 USC vs. Arkansas a bigger physical or mental challenge?
1:23 Frank Martin says there are different ways to be a leader. Who will step forward?
1:19 SC mother recalls 11-year-old son's encounter with would-be kidnapper
2:34 Ryan Carter thankful to have Dabo Swinney's support
LANSING (WWJ) – A lucky metro Detroiter will make a long-awaited move after a big lottery win on a scratch-off game.
The Michigan Lottery on Friday said a Macomb County man plans to move out of his in-laws' basement after winning $2 million playing the Hit It Big instant game.
The player, who chose to remain anonymous, bought his winning ticket at the Kroger store at 5990 Sashabaw Road in Clarkston.
“I make deliveries at Kroger stores all over the state, and I was taking a break while my truck was being unloaded at bought a Millionaire's Club instant game ticket,” said the player. “I scratched it and won $100 and I decided to use my winnings to buy five Hit It Big tickets.
“I scratched them while I walked back to my truck. On the first ticket I won $30, on the second ticket I won $20, and on the fourth ticket my dice totaled seven so I won $2 million! I was so stunned I even had to count to seven on my fingers just to make sure I was seeing everything right.”
After he finished the day's deliveries, he rushed home to tell his wife the good news.
“My wife and I moved to Michigan about a year ago, and we've been living in her parent's basement with our two kids trying to save money for a house,” the player said. “This changes everything for us.”
In addition to buying a new home, the player plans to pay bills, take his family to Disney World and then save the remainder.
“Winning $2 million is just incredible. I feel like all of the weight I was feeling about how to make ends meet has been lifted off my shoulders,” he added.
The player visited the Michigan Lottery headquarters in Lansing on Monday to claim the big prize. He chose to receive his prize as a one-time lump sum of about $1.3 million, rather than an annuity.
The Lottery did not disclose the man's age.
Players have won more than $18 million playing Hit It Big, which launched in August. Each $20 ticket offers players a chance to win prizes ranging from $20 up to $2 million. More than $80 million in prizes remain, including two $2 million top prizes, 63 $5,000 prizes, and 710 $1,000 prizes.
Lottery instant games can purchase at 11,000 retailers across the state.
OAK HILL, WV (NEWS RELEASE) – On June 24th at least ten small businesses in Fayette County will come together to raise money to benefit the Fayette County Dancing with the Stars team, Kimberly and Orlando.
Ultimately, the money will benefit the United Way of Southern West Virginia. Celi VanDyke, owner of the Brickhouse Cardio Club in Oak Hill, is hosting the event at the Brickhouse Cardio Club in Oak Hill.
The event features a vendor fair from 9 AM-2 PM and a fitness party from 815 AM-1100 AM. The event will be held at the Brickhouse Cardio Club at 1442 E. Main Street in Oak Hill, West Virginia. Additionally, all vendors are donating items that will be raffled and all raffle ticket sales will be donated to Team Kimberly and Orlando.
Featured vendors include: LipSense, Thirty-One, Lula Roe, Plunder, Avon, Younique, Scentsy, Advocare, Pure Romance, Rodan and Fields, Mary Kay, Meals by Rezan Nese and more. a $5 donation gets an arm-length of tickets.
Vendor applications are still being accepted and the $20 vendor fee is being donated to the United Way. The fitness party will feature 30 minute demos of all the Brickhouse classes.
We will have free gifts, light refreshments and will be having a flash sale on memberships. Plan to join us for a fun day of fitness and shopping!!! For more information please contact Celi VanDyke at 304-923-7334.
Related
Comments
comments
HAVE YOU HEARD the one about the West Cork native that played a significant role in helping the NFL New England Patriots and New England Revolution soccer franchises flourish?
Brian O'Donovan was recently honoured by the city of Boston with a day officially named after him. O'Donovan's work with WGBH radio station over a 30-year period has made him one of the most recognisable Irish names in the famous American city.
Yet, O'Donovan's involvement with Robert Kraft and the New England Patriots American football franchise is just as interesting a tale so a couple of transatlantic emails later and we have the following remarkable story.
How did a person, born and raised in Clonakilty, end up becoming involved with the one of the most successful franchises in American football history?
Brian O'Donovan's story begins in UCC, takes an unexpected turn when organising an Irish Music festival in Boston before one of American sports most well-known names walks into his life.
“I graduated from UCC in 1978 before moving to Boston two years later,” O'Donovan said.
Then in 1982 I went to Graduate School at Emerson College, located in the city (Boston). During that time, I became interested in producing events through working with the local radio station, WERS. So, in one period, I advanced towards both broadcasting and event management.
“I was hired as a consultant on an Irish music festival that was being produced at what was then known as ‘Sullivan Stadium' which was the home of the New England Patriots. The Sullivans, who founded and still owned the Patriots at the time, liked my work on the festival and invited me on-board to develop an events program for the 61,000-seater stadium. I was fresh out of graduate school and married with two kids. I jumped at the opportunity.”
By 1987, Brian O'Donovan was General Manager of the newly renamed Foxboro Stadium. Within two years, Robert Kraft came on board, bought the stadium but not the actual New England Patriots franchise.
“My job was focused on three specific areas over an important five-year period,' explained the Clonakilty native.
“Develop event programming (mostly large-scale rock concerts) at the stadium, help with the Kraft family's pursuit of ownership of the Patriots and advance the effort of securing World Cup 1994 with the ultimate goal of our becoming a partner in Major League Soccer (MLS) after the event.”
Brady and Belichick sparked New England's 17 years of dominance. Source: SIPA USA/PA Images
It was 1994 when the Kraft family finally completed their takeover of the Patriot's NFL franchise. Yet, it would not be until Bill Belichick arrived to take over the head coaching role and an unknown quarterback by the name of Tom Brady arrived on the scene that the Patriots fortunes took a dramatic turn.
That combination of Kraft, Belichick and Brady helped the New England Patriots become one of the most powerful and successful NFL franchises of all time.
“By the time I became Vice-President of Stadium Operations, I was working directly with Robert Kraft who along with son Jason, were incredibly driven and well-connected,” O'Donovan stated.
Bill Parcells was head coach at that time and Bill Belichick was in Cleveland with the Browns. Belichick was fired in 1996, came back to New England as an assistant, left with Parcells for the New York Jets where he ended up becoming head coach for one day before returning to the Patriots in 2000.
“My time with the Patriots was a fun, wonderful and totally surprising unexpected journey. I would never have imagined it. In retrospect and certainly by comparison with the enormous powerhouse the NFL has since become, it was more of a mom-and-pop operation but it really was a ton of fun.
“Between 1985 and 2000, the Patriots went from being one of the worst NFL teams to becoming a true dynasty unrivaled in the history of American sports. It continues to this day. The trio of Kraft, Belichick, and Brady is already enshrined in the game's history. Belichick and Brady have significantly changed the game even over the last decade, not without their controversies but then with huge success come envy and detractors.
“Sports remain dominant in [Boston] Think of the history of the Red Sox, Celtics and Bruins plus the Patriots over the last two decades. As with sports everywhere, it's a welcome distraction from our daily concerns, a rallying cry. I will say in this current day and age, sport has not managed to separate itself from a toxic political climate and that might even be exacerbated in the upcoming NFL playoff season.”
Not content with helping the Krafts build an NFL dynasty, Brian O'Donovan also became the New England Revolution's (soccer) Chief Operating Officer and General Manager. O'Donovan was heavily involved in the negotiations that helped Major League Soccer (MLS) become a reality in the USA after the country successfully hosted the 1994 World Cup.
He worked tirelessly behind the scenes and represented the Kraft Family interests with other potential franchise owners, encountering some well-known soccer personalities from the opposite side of the Atlantic Ocean.
Walter Zenga during his time with the New England Revolution. Source: EMPICS Sport/PA Sports
“We certainly had a colourful start with the New England Revolution,' O'Donovan said.
“Former Republic of Ireland striker Frank Stapleton was our first coach but that didn't work out. Thomas Rongen (Holland) and Walter Zenga (former flamboyant Italian goalkeeper) also came in before, with four games left in the 2000 season, Steve Nicol took the job.
The former Scotland international and Liverpool stalwart had been a player-coach with a second division team for a few years. Steve was a great guy but ownership decided to go with another coach Fernando Clavijo for a couple of years before hiring Steve back. He and his assistant, Paul Mariner (former England international and Ipswich Town player) had some success with the team, leading them to a few finals but failing to win a trophy.
“Nowadays, soccer remains as popular as ever in the Boston area. It is great that the team and league appear set to stay. I have always said that all the game needed to thrive here was a stable league. Looking to the future, the Revolution, and soccer in general, would very much benefit from a downtown stadium in Boston as our current NFL home is too big and too far out of town.”
It has been quite a journey for Brian O'Donovan, all the way from Clonakilty to sitting alongside Robert Kraft in some of the most powerful boardrooms in American sport. His involvement with both the New England Patriots and the New England Revolution has seen O'Donovan play a key role in helping establish two of the most recognised brands in modern day sports.
Not bad for a Clonakilty-born, former Irish music festival organiser and radio host.
A version of this article first appeared in the Southern Star newspaper.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
This report studies the global Location Analytics Software market size, industry status and forecast, competition landscape and growth opportunity.
This report focuses on the global top players, covered
•IBM Corporation
•Microsoft Corporation
•Cisco Systems, Inc.
•HP Enterprise Company
•Google Inc.
•Oracle Corporation
•SAP SE
•SAS Institute Inc.
Market segments by Regions/Countries, this report covers
•United States
•Europe
•China
•Japan
•Southeast Asia
•India
Market segments by Type, the product can be split into
•Geocoding and Reverse Geocoding
•Data Integration and Extract, Transform, and Load
•Reporting and Visualization
•Thematic Mapping and Spatial Analysis
•Others
Market segments by Application, Location Analytics Software can be split into
•Risk Management
•Emergency Response Management
•Customer Experience Management
•Remote Monitoring
•Supply Chain Planning and Optimization
•Sales and Marketing Optimization
•Predictive Assets Management
•Inventory Management
•Others
Table of Contents
Global Location Analytics Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2025
1 Industry Overview of Location Analytics Software
1.1 Location Analytics Software Market Overview
1.1.1 Location Analytics Software Product Scope
1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook
1.2 Global Location Analytics Software Market Size and Analysis by Regions (2013-2018)
1.2.1 United States
1.2.2 Europe
1.2.3 China
1.2.4 Japan
1.2.5 Southeast Asia
1.2.6 India
1.3 Location Analytics Software Market by Type
1.3.1 Geocoding and Reverse Geocoding
1.3.2 Data Integration and Extract, Transform, and Load
1.3.3 Reporting and Visualization
1.3.4 Thematic Mapping and Spatial Analysis
1.3.5 Others
Interested in this report? Get your FREE sample now!
https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/global-location-analytics-software-market-size-status-and-forecast-2025/request-sample
By DAVE SKRETTA, AP Sports Writer
LAWRENCE, Kan. (AP) — Josh Jackson declared for the NBA draft on Monday after one of the best freshman seasons in Kansas history, one marked by plenty of highlights on the floor and a few distractions off it.
The 6-foot-8 swingman, who is considered a certain lottery pick, was the Big 12 newcomer of the year after averaging 16.3 points and 7.4 rebounds. He helped the Jayhawks to a 31-5 record and its 13th straight regular season Big 12 title before losing to Oregon in the Elite Eight of the NCAA Tournament.
Jackson signed with former NBA player B.J. Armstrong of Wasserman Media Group.
“After thoroughly consulting with my family, I have decided to enter the 2017 NBA draft and pursue my dream of playing professional basketball,” Jackson said in a statement Monday.
“I am very thankful for all of the support I have received from my coaches and teammates at Kansas,” he said, “and I look forward to starting my career in the NBA.”
Jackson was the nation's No. 1 recruit when he signed with the Jayhawks out of Prolific Prep Academy in California. He immediately earned a spot in the starting lineup, teaming with national player of the year Frank Mason III and Devonte Graham to form one of the nation's top backcourts.
With natural athleticism and ability to slash to the basket — not to mention defensive chops that are rare among freshmen — Jackson quickly established himself as one of the nation's top draft prospects.
His importance was never more evident than in the Big 12 Tournament, when he was suspended by coach Bill Self following a series of off-the-court issues. The top-seeded Jayhawks stumbled in a quarterfinal loss to TCU, ending their run at the conference tournament before it really began.
He returned for the NCAA Tournament and played well in wins over UC Davis, Michigan State and Purdue, but was hamstrung by foul trouble and managed just 10 points in a season-ending loss to the Ducks.
Jackson's suspension came following an incident outside a Lawrence bar in December, when a member of the Kansas women's basketball team got into an altercation with Jackson's teammate, Lagerald Vick.
Jackson followed the woman to the parking lot and the woman said he kicked her car and caused hundreds of dollars in damage. He pleaded not guilty last week in Douglas County District Court to one misdemeanor count of criminal damage to property and a trial is scheduled for May 24.
His attorney, Hatem Chahine, said he was planning to file for diversion.
Jackson also was ticketed in February after he struck a parked car and fled the scene, and that drew Self's ire when he didn't tell his coach about the incident until several weeks later.
His decision to declare for the draft came a week after teammate Svi Mykhailiuk announced he would skip his senior season. But unlike Jackson, the 6-8 sharpshooter has not hired an agent and could withdraw his name by May 24 and return to the Jayhawks.
___
More AP college basketball: http://www.collegebasketball.ap.org
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
INDIANAPOLIS – A woman who was badly burned in an accident is receiving international attention after an interaction she had with a curious orangutan at the Indianapolis Zoo, according to WXIN.
Darci Miller was working in her backyard on May 5, 2015 when she tried to clear out some garbage by burning it, accidentally igniting some gas fumes in the process.
She was hospitalized for three weeks and underwent multiple surgeries.
"I was in a coma for nine days," Miller said.
The majority of the burns were on her upper arms, chest and face. She recovered well, and she was eventually allowed to go home as long as she was under 24-hour care.
She's had numerous surgeries since then in order to get more range of motion in her neck and arms.
On June 14, 2017, she traveled to Indianapolis with her fiancé Jason Costello for an appointment at the burn center. They had some free time, so they decided to go to the Indianapolis Zoo. Miller told WXIN it had been years since she last visited the zoo, so she wanted to check out the new orangutan exhibit.
That's where Miller met Rocky. The orangutan appeared to be fascinated with Miller and her injuries.
"He immediately spotted me and came over to the window and was very engulfed in everything I had going on," said Miller. "It was kind of a guessing game. He was just pointing to everything so I was just showing him the bandages on my neck, and my tattoos and the burns on my arms."
One of the zookeepers told Miller that Rocky is very inquisitive, and he's very interested by tattoos or anything out of the ordinary.
Miller told WXIN she was thinking, “There is no way this is possible. Is this real?”
Miller says she spent 20 minutes in the exhibit interacting with Rocky. She left with Costello to explore other areas of the zoo, but they stopped by the orangutan exhibit one last time before leaving. She said Rocky immediately came to the window to greet them, and it was clear he recognized her.
Miller says the past few years have definitely been filled with ups and downs, and this interaction was definitely one of the ups.
“This day made me feel really good about myself,” Miller said.
Zoo officials have also seen the video. A spokesperson issued the following statement about the interaction between Rocky and Miller:
"Like all orangutans, Rocky is observant and curious. Our orangutans eagerly interact and communicate with people they know well, such as their caregivers. Rocky is a bit different. He regularly interacts with people he may not know. The exchange in the video is a great example of this. Rocky is communicating with the woman in the video, and shows a clear sense of urgency when he gestures towards her injury. We can't say what was going through his mind at the time, but his behavior demonstrates strong interest and concern. There is no doubt that this was an important interaction for him, and his gestures to the woman clearly communicate that."
The attention is nothing new for Rocky. The 12-year-old orangutan has gotten national attention for mimicking human sounds, the first known orangutan to do so. He's also had a photo shoot where he was paired up with the singer Fergie.
Miller said she has offered to help firefighters show young students the dangers of fire. She's also looking forward to meeting Rocky again and seeing if she gets a similar reaction.
University of Oregon-led project finds that chronic exposure to parasitic worms keeps the immune system working overtime, at a cost to youth among Ecuador's Shuar
EUGENE, Ore. -- April 24, 2018 -- Elevated immune function during childhood results in as much as 49 percent growth reduction in Ecuador's indigenous Shuar population, researchers reported in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Immune function protects the body from foreign bacteria, viruses and other substances. However, it is metabolically expensive and may divert calories away from other important tasks, such as growth during childhood.
"This research provides direct evidence for tradeoffs between immune function and growth in a population that's experiencing significant environmental challenges," said co-author Josh Snodgrass, a biological anthropologist at the University of Oregon. "This helps us understand why growth faltering is happening to over 150 million children globally."
The findings came from on-going work in the UO-led Shuar Life and Health History Project, co-directed by Snodgrass and co-author Lawrence Sugiyama, a professor of anthropology. The project with the Shuar, a forager-farming population of about 50,000 in the Amazon River basin, began in 2005.
Earlier in the project, which also tracks the impact of economic development and market integration on adult health, researchers had identified chronic exposure among Shuar youth to infection by soil-transmitted parasitic worms, or helminths.
"One of the things we often see in populations in economically developing countries is that they are short," Snodgrass said. "If you look at what's causing their stunting, it's not their trunk. It's their legs. They are not growing as much in childhood."
In the project, the researchers analyzed finger-prick blood samples from 261 Shuar children, ages 4 to 11.
In the UO Global Health Biomarker Lab, directed by Snodgrass, they focused on four biomarkers of immune function, including antibodies produced in response to helminths. In the field, they measured growth in stature as well as lower-leg growth using a simplified, portable version of a knemometer developed by lead author Samuel Urlacher, a postdoctoral researcher at Hunter College in New York.
Although recurrent infection has long been suggested to produce disruptions in growth, the relationship has been difficult to test directly in humans. The study tracked children over 20 months. In doing so, the researchers were able to link variation in growth parameters to different types of immune function.
The effect of acute inflammation, a particularly costly immune response, on childhood growth was moderated by body fat. Children with greater fat stores were able to completely avoid the growth inhibition faced by thinner children during periods of elevated immune function.
"The study allows us to get at energetic challenges, where you are not consuming enough calories and your body has to make physiological choices about allocation," Snodgrass said. "Growth really doesn't take a lot of energy, but as you grow larger it takes resources to maintain it. That's a huge cost over time."
###
Other UO co-authors on the study were Geeta Eick and Theresa Gildner. Additional co-authors were Peter T. Ellison of Harvard University, Herman Pontzer of Hunter College, Melissa Liebert of Northern Arizona University and Tara Cepon-Robins of the University of Colorado, Colorado Springs. Liebert and Cepon-Robins earned doctoral degrees in anthropology from the UO.
Grants from the National Science Foundation, Leakey Foundation, Harvard University and UO supported the research.
Source: Josh Snodgrass, professor of anthropology and associate vice provost for undergraduate studies, University of Oregon, 541-346-4823, jjosh@uoregon.edu
Note: The UO is equipped with an on-campus television studio with a point-of-origin Vyvx connection, which provides broadcast-quality video to networks worldwide via fiber optic network. There also is video access to satellite uplink and audio access to an ISDN codec for broadcast-quality radio interviews.
Winning numbers drawn in 'Numbers Evening' game
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the New York Lottery's "Numbers Evening" game were:
9-2-8, Lucky Sum: 19
(nine, two, eight; Lucky Sum: nineteen)
An imam in Sheffield, Yorkshire, has allowed himself to be filmed performing an Islamic ‘ruqyah' exorcism at his mosque.
The video published by the Metro shows Imam Ayoub Sayed chanting at a Bradford woman, covered from head to toe, through a microphone, as she screams and writhes hysterically.
At one point she lifts a small coffee table above her head, which the imam wrestles from her before appearing to strike her with it, causing her to slump to the floor.
The Metro notes that Sayed has performs “thousands” of these rituals in Britain every year, with “patients” coming from Germany, Norway, Sweden, and even countries as far afield as the U.S. and Iraq.
French Islamists are moving to UK cities like Birmingham to have the ‘freedom' to practice radical Islam. https://t.co/Sw9YQANgys — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) May 31, 2017
“She has black magic and the jinni that brought the magic is also in love with her,” explains the imam, referring to the Islamic fire spirits which were often called “genies” by Westerners in earlier times.
“But this is not real love as love does not cause pain and this Jinn has caused many ailments.
“The information about the magic was given by the Jinni when I was speaking to it but it did not say who caused the magic,” he added.
“We only operate in the healing and helping to cure them from these evil practices – but magic practising is widespread.
“A simple Google search would reveal how easy it is to buy or find a spell.”
While they may seem bizarre, Sayed's beliefs are commonplace in the Middle East, where he is originally from.
In countries such as Saudi Arabia, magic is an accepted fact, and people — often women — are regularly executed for “witchcraft and sorcery”, by methods including public beheading, stoning, and crucifixion.
While we search for cancer cures, Saudi religious police undergo anti-witchcraft course. 21st vs 7th century. https://t.co/GasPuEmlps — Julie Lenarz (@MsJulieLenarz) February 23, 2016
Sayed drew similarities between his rituals and modern medicine, saying: “We use a diagnosis in a way similar to what you may find at a doctor's surgery. We list common symptoms in either jinn possession or magic and through those answers we can diagnose the problem by Allah's will.”
He said his “powers” come from his strong Islamic faith and praying five times a day, noting that “Jinn like to incite fear in humans but they cannot attack me because I am not scared of them and God is on my side”.
The imam charges £60 per exorcism, claiming that the money is used to fund the mosque.
Follow Jack Montgomery on Twitter: @JackBMontgomery
GREEN BAY, WI - SEPTEMBER 25: Head coach Jim Caldwell of the Detroit Lions shakes hands with Eric Ebron #85 during warm-ups before a game against the Green Bay Packers at Lambeau Field on September 25, 2016 in Green Bay, Wisconsin. (Photo by Jonathan Daniel/Getty Images)
By: Will Burchfield
@burchie_kid
Eric Ebron has given up on winning over Lions fans.
Even after a strong performance in Sunday's win over the Buccs in which Ebron set career highs in both catches (10) and yards (94), the fourth-year tight end and former first-round draft pick said he doesn't get any satisfaction in proving his critics wrong.
“No, because I bet they can't wait to talk about how I dropped a ball. I mean, I'll never make this fanbase happy, which is cool with me. I'll just go out there and continue to do what I do, and go from there,” Ebron told reporters, via MLive.com.
Ebron has been a frequent target of fan frustration this season. That's not a new development, by any means, but the boos this year have grown louder, more spiteful. In October he asked the fans, “Cut a brother some slack.”
What advice would Jim Caldwell give Ebron in terms of fixing that relationship?
“All I can tell you is I look at how he performs more so than anything else. As long as he's performing and getting better all the time, which he is and which he's always done since he's been here, he'll be fine,” Caldwell said.
Ebron knows the fans expect more of him; he expects more of himself. And to his credit, he's raised his game of late. He's caught 22 of 26 targets for 215 yards in his last four games. He's cleaned up the drops. He's gaining yards after the catch. He's been a legitimate weapon within the Lions' offense.
Still, he doesn't think the fans' opinion will change.
Asked if that's hard on him, Ebron said, “No. Why would it be hard on me? I'm just chillin'.”
He insists the doubters and haters don't faze him, anyway.
“I know what I'm capable of,” he said. “Everyone else is just outside noise. And that's just how it is. I'll just continue to play my game.”
If Ebron himself isn't taking any pleasure in proving people wrong, his teammates are happy for him.
“All them boos turning into catches now,” said Darius Slay, via MLive. “Everyone wants to ride him. We as a team never lost faith in him, because we know what kind of player he is.”
Said Marvin Jones, “His confidence has obviously built up. He's making some important catches, particularly on third downs. It's been great. I know he's confident, and I know he wants to make those big plays.”
When he does, the Lions' passing attack is even better. His only mistakes on Sunday came in the form of an early fumble — the first of his career — and a ball that tipped off his hands late. Matthew Stafford said it was his fault.
“He would've had a bigger day if I would've hit him on that one third down on the cross. There is still room for improvement on my end helping those guys out, but Eric did a great job, man. When we get production out of him like that it's a big boost for our offense,” said Stafford.
Throughout Ebron's career, Caldwell has defended him by pointing to his steady improvement. Ebron increased his reception and yardage totals in each of his first three seasons, cresting in 61 catches for 711 yards in 2016. And throughout this season, which has thus far been a step backward for Ebron, Caldwell has stressed patience.
“Let's just wait and see where he is at the end of the year,” the coach likes to say.
Ebron has come around of late, no doubt. He probably won't surpass last season's numbers with just three games to go and he certainly won't meet his goal of reaching the Pro Bowl, but it's been a redemptive second half.
“When you look at the stats, he's been playing decently here in the last three, four weeks,” said Caldwell.
How the fans respond is up to them. Neither Caldwell nor Ebron is worrying about it.
SAN DIEGO – Four of the five members of the San Diego-area congressional delegation called Wednesday for prayers for Rep. Steve Scalise, R- Louisiana, and four others who were shot Wednesday at a ballpark in Alexandria, Virginia, while practicing for an annual charity baseball game.
Scalise, the House majority whip, was shot in the hip and underwent surgery at a hospital, which reported Wednesday afternoon that he was in critical condition. Also wounded was Zack Barth, an aide to Rep. Roger Williams, R- Texas, a former congressional staffer who now works for Tyson Foods and one Capitol Police officer assigned to protect Scalise.
The gunman, James T. Hodgkinson, a 66-year-old home inspector from Belleville, Illinois, was shot and killed by the officers.
The San Diego congressional delegation — none of whom were at the shooting scene — took to Twitter shortly after the shooting.
“Asking you to join me in prayer for @SteveScalise, @CapitolPolice, their staff & others at the Congressional baseball game practice this AM,” Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Vista, tweeted.
Rep. Scott Peters, D-San Diego, wrote: “Praying for my colleagues, their staff, @CapitolPolice & others attacked this morning. Thankful for the first responders who saved lives.”
From Rep. Susan Davis, D-San Diego: “Horrified by this morning's shooting. My thoughts and prayers are with my colleague @SteveScalise, those injured, and their families.”
Rep. Juan Vargas, D-San Diego, tweeted: “My thoughts and prayers are with Rep. Scalise, Hill staffers, Capitol Police officers, and everyone affected by this morning's shooting.”
Rep. Duncan Hunter, R-Alpine, hasn't tweeted anything since Jan. 10.
The shooter volunteered on the failed presidential campaign of Bernie Sanders, who issued a statement denouncing the violence, and had several previous minor run-ins with law enforcement.The Belleville News-Democrat reported that Hodgkinson belonged to several anti-Republican and anti-Trump Facebook groups.
St. Anne's School of Annapolis welcomes prospective students and their families to join us on Wednesday, January 11 from 9:30 to 11:30 am for our Early Childhood (two- to four-year olds) Open House. Families are invited to learn how St. Anne's School of Annapolis tailors the internationally renowned Reggio Emilia educational program to our Early Childhood curriculum. Members of our community will be available to provide a guided tour of our campus and visitors will have the opportunity to pick up admission materials, speak with a member or our admissions team, meet key administrators, and visit our classrooms to see us in action.
St. Anne's School of Annapolis is an independent Episcopal school for Twos through Eighth Grade. Focusing on a rigorous, inquiry-based academic and social curriculum St. Anne's School is shaping the innovative leaders of tomorrow. St. Anne's School is located at 3112 Arundel on the Bay Road in Annapolis, Maryland. For more information on St. Anne's School visit St.AnnesSchool.org. Tours can be scheduled by contacting the Admission Office at [email protected] or 410-263-8650 extension 218.
Category: Events, LIFE IN THE AREA, Local News, NEWS, Post To FB
Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque says this survey is a 'big boost' to the morale of the country's police
Published 2:54 PM, February 03, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Malacañang on Saturday, February 3, hailed the latest Social Weather Stations (SWS) survey showing the percentage of common crime victims at a "record-low" 6.1% in 2017.
In a statement Saturday, February 3, Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque called this a "big boost" to the morale of the country's police.
"These survey findings, which reflect the sentiment of the public, is a clear validation of the success of the Duterte administration's anti-crime and anti-drug campaign where residents of Metro Manila feel safer in the streets because of fewer addicts in the neighborhoods," Roque said.
The latest survey posted on the SWS website on Thursday, February 1, said that up to 1.7 million (7.6%) reported they were a victim of any of the common crimes (street robbery, home break-in, violence, motor vehicle theft) during the 4th quarter of 2017.
This figure is higher than the 1.4 million (6.1%) reported by SWS in September 2017.
"However, due to the record-low 3.7% quarterly victimization rate in June 2017, the resulting annual average victimization by any of the common crimes for 2017 was a record-low 6.1%," the SWS said in a statement.
The other figure Roque mentioned in his statement was the 2017 average for property crimes, which was also at "record-low" 5.6%.
"While we are encouraged by these figures, we assure our people that authorities continue to work double time to ensure the safety of the public in all parts of the country," Roque said in the statement.
He added: "We vow to continue our efforts to maintain a crime-free community and we extend our thanks to the community for their unrelenting support."
The latest survey was conducted nationwide, from December 8 to 16, 2017, using face-to-face interviews of 1,200 adults aged 18 years and above.
The Philippine National Police, however, has recorded at least 4,470 homicide cases – mostly drug-related, others "cases solved" or under investigation – since July 1, 2016, when President Rodrigo Duterte took office.
In another SWS survey in June 2017, around 7 out of 10 Filipinos said they were worried that they themselves or someone they know will die in an extrajudicial killing (EJK). – Rappler.com
The probability is the word 'sledging' had still to make its way into the dictionary – if, indeed, it has in the meantime – when Ray Harris-Northall put pen to paper to piece together his oft-used phrase, “Sticks and stones will break my bones, but words will never hurt me. ”What is certain, social media hadn't made its bow.
For those who don't know what sledging is, let me explain.
When teams, regardless of the game they play, make it on to the field, the emphasis, you would think, should always be on, well, playing the game. Most times it is. May the best team win, and all that.
But there can be more going on than just trying to win the ball and get most scores, or runs, when it's cricket that's being played. Words can be exchanged, and it won't be one player wanting to know from his opponent how life is treating him.
Bad enough for one of them to miss an open goal, but when he is then ridiculed by his marker for his lapse you're into the realm of sledging. But it can be much nastier than that. References to someone's misfortunes away from sport, or aspersions being cast on a player's female relative is when the depths are reached. The target is often a youngster, and the sledger, an 'old hand' who sees this as a means of gaining the upperhand.
Not necessarily defending the practice, but at the same time failing to condemn it, a noted manager once said that no-one ever got injured from sledging. He'd be at one with RH-N.
But how often in the past has it led to players being badly injured as a consequence of it?
Some players laugh it off, others choose to reply in kind. But then there are those who seek retribution. They'd prefer do it this way rather than go complaining to the referee or even mention it to a colleague or manager.
Sledging is an offence in Gaelic games, but it's fair to say that since the introduction of the rule no-one has been reprimanded for breaking it. The truth is, it's impossible to implement - 'the word in the ear', to put it as its mildest, is usually confined to the quiet corner.
Rory Gallagher didn't cite the abuse he and some of his players were subjected to on social media as his reason for quitting as manager of the Donegal senior side; but there are many within the county who feel it was a contributing factor.
Gallagher, who's been associated with the Donegal side since 2011, first of all as a member of Jim McGuinness's management team. When McGuinness retired the Fermanagh man took over as manager, and this year saw his charges exit the Ulster Championship at an early stage before going down heavily to Galway in the qualifiers.
According to a Donegal official, PRO Ed Byrne, it was then when the “abusive comments” began to appear, put up by “faceless cowards”. And by that we can only conclude the abusers hid behind the door of anonymity.
Byrne's not wrong when he says they're cowards. Free speech is everything, but those who engage in it should have the courage to identity themselves.
In my time in this 'paper's sports hot seat, when stories were hammered out on a typewriter and messages from the outside world were carried to the office by the postman, many letters came in critical of what had been written. The vast majority of the ones carrying a name were published; all others were binned. It's been the same since I've had a change of office and the Underwood 10 has been replaced by a screen and a different kind of keyboard.
Social media, however, can't exercise the same control. Any crackpot can say what s/he likes, and it doesn't matter if it's hurtful, or even libellous.
Harris-Northwell might have reason for a rethink.
April 24 (UPI) -- A Florida judge ruled Tuesday that a public defender will continue representing Parkland school shooter Nikolas Cruz.
Broward County Circuit Judge Elizabeth Scherer determined the 19-year-old Cruz cannot afford a private attorney, and would keep a public defender at taxpayers' expense.
Cruz killed 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla., on Feb. 14 with an AR-15 assault rifle. He has offered to plead guilty if prosecutors agree not to seek the death penalty.
Scherer ruled that Cruz has only about $28,000 in assets and cannot access most of it immediately, NBC Miami reported.
Also Tuesday, a state commission charged with investigating "system failures" at MSD met for the first time in Broward County.
RELATED Judge orders Florida sheriff to release more Parkland videos
The panel will investigate the response to the shooting attack by law enforcement and school resource officers, as well as MSD's school evaluation policies. They could produce a timeline of things that went wrong during the event and make recommendations for change.
Florida Gov. Rick Scott named Pinellas County Sheriff Bob Gualtieri as the chairman of the commission. Other members include law enforcement, legal and education personnel and a mental health expert. The panel also includes three parents of students killed in the shooting.
Gualtieri said panel members would do their best to find answers.
"We've got some hard questions that need to be answered," he said, promising the process will be fair and fact-based.
The panel is expected to issue its first report early next year, and then subsequent yearly reports until 2023.
Valley Eyewear chose the Croatian concentration camp Jasenovac, where more than 80,000 Serbs, Jews and Roma were killed by Nazis, to film a promo for its glamorous $200 glasses, enraging the public with “out of touch” marketing.
Valley Eyewear launched a commercial campaign featuring the memorial in the former death camp Jasenovac in Croatia – a place described in their promotional message as “one of World War II's most historic and darkest locations." In the video, models in high-end sunglasses walk around a concrete room and structures, than head away from the notorious camp's Flower Memorial; these images featured on the company's web-site and in its social media accounts.
Other shooting locations included the otherworldly Dzamonja memorial in Croatia, dedicated to partisan fighters against Nazis, and the flying saucer-like Budludzha monument in neighboring Bulgaria, dedicated to the founders of the nation's communist party.
READ MORE: Serbia Appeals to EU Leadership Over Croatian 'Nazi-Glorifying' Policy
The use of the death camp in the video clip prompted a backlash on social media as users, enraged with the exploitation of one of the most tragic sites of the Holocaust, slammed the company and insisted on an apology.
Stop using this symbol of the suffering Serbs,Jews and others in your campaign!
Do yo know what the #Holocaust is?
@valleyeyewear pic.twitter.com/MgbvUW1ztj — Crvena (@VSreca) 2 июля 2018 г.
Valley Eye Wear profanisiert #Holocaust-Gedenken, wirbt mit Gedenkstätte für kroatisches Vernichtungslager Jasenovac als "one of world war twos most historic and darkest locations" für seine hippen Brillen. Publicity also erwünscht. @valleyeyewear Warum nicht gleich #Auschwitz? pic.twitter.com/KKq7eamBDE — Julian Nyča (@juliannyca) 1 июля 2018 г.
@valleyeyewear for next season you should use photo of Auschwitz concentration camp — Srdjan Pavlovic (@racerx11080) 3 июля 2018 г.
Wow that is disgusting. — Kyejane (@Kyejane1) 3 июля 2018 г.
This company, @valleyeyewear, is making a profit on the monuments to the victims of fascism. On locations of the mass war crimes committed during the WW2. And @VladaRH and @MVEP_hr are, of course, not doing anything about it. Shame, shame, shame, all of you! pic.twitter.com/vBDcl0oY6R — Marko Jurčić (@markojurci) 3 июля 2018 г.
Now @valleyeyewear needs to take down the remainder of misused images featuring #Yugoslavia ‘s WWII monuments from their website and social media platforms and apologize publicly for their insensitive actions. #spomeniks — Sanja O-vić (@parallax_dreams) 3 июля 2018 г.
Hi @valleyeyewear, please stop using Yugoslav anti-fascist monuments to sell overpriced sunglasses. Thank you! — Katarina (@katarina_kusic) 30 июня 2018 г.
Some insisted on boycotting the glasses.
@valleyeyewear Shame on you to use Holocaust Jasenovac memorial where Nazi-Croatians murdered 600,000 Serbs, Jews, Roma. DO NOT BUY valleyeyewear!!!!! — Борис (@boris_cbcompt) 3 июля 2018 г.
​The outrage forced Valley Eyewear's management to apologize for its “out of touch” marketing and delete the ad from its social media accounts as well as its Twitter page.
"We didn't know it was a death camp at the time. We didn't want to offend anybody, we're a respectful brand. I apologize to anyone who's offended," company's founder Michael Crawley told the BBC.
In his comment to the German news outlet DW, he also stated "a few images have been taken completely out of context." According to him, he and co-producers travelled across the territory of former Yugoslavia to shoot the sites of futuristic monuments, representing the so-called Spomenik architecture, which date back to Tito's Yugoslavia. But one of them happened to be the immense Flower of the Jasenovac concentration camp, where thousands of murders were conducted during World War II.
READ MORE: UN Adopts Russia-Proposed Resolution Against Nazism Glorification
Established by the Nazi's local Ustasha collaborators in Croatia, Jasenovac operated between 1941 and 1945. The Ustasha started out as a terrorist organization in 1929 with an ideology that blended the fascism of neighboring Italy with militant Catholicism and Croatian nationalism, and was appointed to rule Croatia following the Axis invasion of Yugoslavia. The regime murdered between 77,000 and 99,000 people there, most of them Serbs, but also Jews, Roma and other non-Catholic minorities, according to the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum.
White House uses Twitter account to push back at Democrats
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Winslow Townson, AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 FILe - In this June 30, 2018, file photo, Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., speaks during a Rally Against Separation in Boston. The White House is using its official Twitter handle to target Democratic lawmakers who have criticized President Donald Trump's immigration policies, drawing complaints that government resources are being used to undercut potential 2020 rivals. The White House handle falsely accused California Sen. Kamala Harris on Monday of "supporting the animals of MS-13" and erroneously said Warren was "supporting criminals moving weapons, drugs, and victims" over the border. less FILe - In this June 30, 2018, file photo, Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., speaks during a Rally Against Separation in Boston. The White House is using its official Twitter handle to target Democratic lawmakers ... more Photo: Winslow Townson, AP Image 2 of 3 Files - In this May 23, 2018, file photo, Sen. Kamala Harris, D-Calif., joins an women's advocacy group, MomsRising, to protest against threats by President Donald Trump against Central American asylum-seekers to separate children from their parents along the southwest border to deter migrants from crossing into the United States, at the Capitol in Washington. The White House is using its official Twitter handle to target Democratic lawmakers who have criticized President Donald Trump's immigration policies, drawing complaints that government resources are being used to undercut potential 2020 rivals. The White House handle falsely accused Harris on July 2 of "supporting the animals of MS-13" and erroneously said Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren was "supporting criminals moving weapons, drugs, and victims" over the border. less FILE - In this May 23, 2018, file photo, Sen. Kamala Harris, D-Calif., joins an women's advocacy group, MomsRising, to protest against threats by President Donald Trump against Central American asylum-seekers ... more Photo: J. Scott Applewhite, AP Image 3 of 3 White House uses Twitter account to push back at Democrats 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
WASHINGTON (AP) — The White House is using its official Twitter handle to target Democratic lawmakers who have criticized President Donald Trump's immigration policies, drawing complaints that government resources are being used to undercut potential 2020 presidential rivals.
The White House Twitter handle, which has more than 17.3 million followers, falsely accused California Sen. Kamala Harris on Monday of "supporting the animals of MS-13," a violent gang that the president has sought to eradicate.
In a separate tweet, the White House account erroneously asserted Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren was "supporting criminals moving weapons, drugs, and victims" across the border.
Watchdog groups said the use of the Twitter handle didn't appear to violate any government laws but represented a politicization of the social media accounts at a time when Republicans and Democrats are engaged in a vigorous debate over the nation's immigration laws and the separation of migrant children from their families at the U.S.-Mexican border.
Responding on Twitter, Harris pointed to her work as a prosecutor who "went after gangs and transnational criminal organizations. That's being a leader on public safety. What is not, is ripping babies from their mothers." Warren assailed Trump's immigration policies during a rally last Saturday, saying Trump seemed to think "the only way to have immigration rules is to rip parents from their families, is to treat rape victims and refugees like terrorists and to put children in cages. This is ugly. This is wrong."
The White House Twitter account is separate from Trump's personal account, which has more than 53 million followers and is used daily by the president. The White House account is similar to Trump's official presidential account, @POTUS, and tweets from the three accounts are preserved under the Presidential Records Act.
In separate tweets on Tuesday, the @WhiteHouse account tweeted at Democratic Rep. Mark Pocan of Wisconsin, accusing him of supporting human smuggling, and Democratic Rep. Earl Blumenauer of Oregon, claiming he was protecting drug smugglers. The two lawmakers recently proposed legislation to abolish Immigration and Customs Enforcement, or ICE.
Pocan responded that if Trump "truly cared about victims of human trafficking, he would put an end to his ongoing assault on immigrants." Blumenauer said in a statement, "Before tweeting, they should reunite the families they needlessly tore apart. Even people at ICE understand significant changes need to be made."
The White House did not immediately respond to the lawmakers, but officials pointed to a June 2015 tweet issued by the White House account during President Barack Obama's second term. The tweet was directed against the Twitter handle of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., taking issue with his characterization of the "Obamacare" law as a broken promise.
Government ethics experts said the White House tweets did not appear to be violations of the Hatch Act, which prohibits federal employees from engaging in political activity on the job. "It may be a violation of ethical norms or civility, but not the Hatch Act," said Jordan Libowitz, a spokesman for Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington.
Recent news:
Nichols resigns as Axis Re CEO
Matthew Neill 14 February 2017
Axis Re CEO Jay Nichols has stepped down from his role, the company announced today.
Axis Capital said Nichols had agreed to remain with the carrier in a transitional capacity until 31 March.
Axis Re Europe president and chief underwriting officer Jan Ekberg has been named as Nichols' successor on an interim basis.
Ekberg has been with the company since 2004 and will report directly to group president and CEO Albert Benchimol.
Nichols said the time had come for a...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - The US District Court for the District of Columbia has dismissed two lawsuits filed by the Russian cybersecurity firm Kaspersky Lab against the federal government for ordering all agencies to remove products made by the company from their networks.
"The Court will dismiss both Plaintiffs' NDAA [National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018] Lawsuit and their BOD [Binding Operative Directive] Lawsuit," the court document said.
The court document, filed by US District Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly, said that while removing Kaspersky Lab products from US government networks might have adverse consequences, this does not make the action unconstitutional.
READ MORE: Caught in 'Geopolitical Fight' Russian Kaspersky Lab Opens Data Center in Europe
The US government decided to ban Kaspersky Lab products after becoming concerned about its presence in federal networks in the wake of Russia's alleged interference in the 2016 US presidential election.
The software firm insists that it operates independently and has never worked for any government or engaged in cyber-espionage activities.
READ MORE: Twitter Bans Ads of Russian Cybersecurity Giant Kaspersky Lab
AS a valued reader of the Daily Telegraph, here is an exclusive look at tomorrow's front and back pages tonight.
Christopher Dore, Editor
• Every state will have money thrown at it and is guaranteed a return of no less than 75c in every dollar it raises under the biggest shake-up of the GST in two decades.
AND IN SPORT ...
• St George Leagues Club is set to pay out the $6 million debt the Dragons owe the NRL which could pave the way for St George to eventually take 100 per cent control of the joint-venture.
• Origin star David Klemmer is the dog who refuses to walk away from a fight. The battle scars of a salary cap scrap at his beloved Canterbury are evident, but not enough to keep him down.
By: The Associated Press
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) – Rhode Island state leaders have resolved disagreements over the budget.
A revised budget plan is scheduled to be unveiled Thursday in the House Finance Committee. It could face a Thursday committee vote that would move it to the full House next week.
Democratic House Speaker Nicholas Mattiello has been negotiating with the state Senate and Democratic Gov. Gina Raimondo over competing priorities for the fiscal year that begins July 1. The revisions will have to patch up a higher-than-expected $134 million shortfall.
Details haven't yet been released but it's expected to include Mattiello's plan to phase out car taxes. That plan would cost $26 million in its first year.
It's not clear if it will also include Raimondo's plan to provide two years of free tuition at state colleges.
© WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
But the organization does not blame its funders, Cino said.
"They're strapped," he said. "They were very supportive along the way, but the reality is their hands have been tied, too."
A representative from the local United Way could not be reached for comment late Monday.
But in 2014, a representative confirmed funding to all organizations the agency supported had been cut over the past two years and that the United Way had given Volunteer Hamilton $57,000 for the 2014-15 financial year.
Currently, Volunteer Hamilton has almost 130 agencies as members.
On average, more than 2,000 people applied for volunteer opportunities through the organization each year, and more than 1,000 youth participated in the organization's annual Change the World Challenge.
Hamilton is home to more than 280,000 volunteers, giving it one of the highest volunteer rates in the country at around 58 per cent.
"I'd like to think that Volunteer Hamilton has played a big part in that success, along with a number of other community organizations," Cino said.
While people are more resourceful now in finding their own placements, the closure of the organization means the loss of a "central point of access" for those looking to access and provide opportunities, he noted.
"The result was not the result we would have liked but certainly it was done in a very supportive manner with other community partners," Cino said. "Collectively, we've all given it a really, really good shot, but unfortunately, this is the end result."
npaddon@thespec.com
905-526-2420 | @NatatTheSpec
Executive Director for Action Aid Malawi, Grace Malera says there is need to increase women participation in decision making positions in the country.
She was speaking during a half day media orientation workshop on Wednesday in Lilongwe organised by Action Aid Malawi.
Malera said the media plays a crucial role in some of the interventions happening in the country especially when it comes to women and girls empowerment.
She said Action Aid believes in the promotion of women rights hence its focus on supporting women so that they are empowered in all areas.
“The media have been a bridge between our organisation and the community to ensure access to justice, economic empowerment as well as building capacity on issues affecting women,” observed Malera.
She further said there is need to create a sustainable empowerment mechanism opportunities for women and girls across the country in order for them to be self reliant as they participate in income generating activities.
“Take the initiative to call on us and dig information that will benefit women and girls as one way of advancing their rights in order to increase the number of women contributing positively to the country's development,” she advised.
She added that there is need of news stories that would benefit the communities in all sectors of life such as women rights, HIV and Aids as well as poverty eradication just to mention a few.
Malera pointed out that women who are members of Village Saving Loans groups are benefiting a lot and that their lives have improved through engagement in small scale businesses that enable them support their families.
Speaking earlier, head of programs for Action Aid Malawi, Peter Mangani said the organisation has lined up different activities that would enable it support women and girls empowerment in the country.
“Action aid delivers programs in all 28 districts in Malawi that are guided by human rights and feminism principles as one way of supporting women to realise their economic rights,” he said.
Mangani stressed that the organisation would continuously engage the media on various issues on both local and national level that target women and other programs in the country.
“Women and girls are vulnerable hence the need to venture into businesses that would enable them make a living and improve their lives,” said Mangani.
He revealed that in 2015 Action Aid Malawi reached out to a total of 855 women to train them in Village Saving Loans and Business Management skills as one way of supporting them.
Action Aid Malawi started in 1990 and encourages effective action for advancing and recognising women and promotes awareness of rights among women and girls to be empowered.
Throughout the 1990s, Jeremy Jackson rose to fame playing David Hasselhoff‘s mischievous yet lovable on-screen son Hobie Buchannon on the hit series Baywatch — but more than 20 years later, the former teen heartthrob is serving out a jail sentence after striking a plea deal for allegedly stabbing a woman in Los Angeles.
As it turns out, this isn't Jackson's first time getting in trouble with the law. Here's a look back at how the troubled actor shot to stardom before falling into a years-long downward spiral.
Early Stardom
Jackson, now 36, was born in Newport Beach, California. He started working in the entertainment industry at just 6 years old after landing a Mattel commercial.
“The child star stigma is one of those things that's almost impossible to explain,” he said during a 2006 episode of E!'s Child Star Confidential. “It hurts me in a lot of situations, it helps me in a lot of situations.”
“All my life I was raised by a single mom,” he continued. “I never got to know my dad. He was a drug addict, and that's why my mom pretty much kidnapped us out of a bad situation.”
At just 10 years old, Jackson landed a starring role on Baywatch that he would keep for nine years until 1999.
“The part of Hobie was very similar to me,” Jackson said during Confidential. “[The] surfer kid with the single parent that was kind of mischievous and whatnot.”
Drug Addiction
Things took a turn for the worse during his teenage years, when Jackson began to develop an addiction to drugs while filming the series.
“I probably made over $2 to $3 million from Baywatch,” he said during Confidential. “I had the means to destroy myself: I had a lot of money, and I had a lot of people around me that weren't really my friends but I thought they were, and I totally got sucked into a downward spiral of a lifestyle.”
“I smoked pot every day, and I did cocaine until it stopped working,” he admitted. “Like, I couldn't get high off it anymore.”
According to Jackson, at the time, his costar Hasselhoff even confronted him about it.
“He just kind of looked me in the eyes and was like: ‘Jeremy, what are you smoking, pot?!' ” Jackson recalled. “I didn't have the heart to tell him: ‘That was two years ago — now I'm doing coke and ecstasy and speed.' ”
Eventually, the fame got the best of him and one day, Jackson suddenly quit the series.
“The real deal was that I got a big head and I thought that I was better than Baywatch, or that I was going to go off and do my own stuff,” he confessed. “I walked off day with my middle finger up in the air, saying, ‘Screw you, I'm not coming back to this set.' And I pulled myself off the show.”
Arrested at 19
Jackson's drug addiction raged on, eventually evolving from marijuana and cocaine to crystal meth.
“I have tried GHB, weed, pills, ecstasy. Crystal meth was a thing that really took me to my knees,” he said during Confidential. “I had to learn to cook it on my own so I could support my habit. I learned from some pretty gnarly gangsters — some gnarly, gnarly people. I did it not to sell it or make money, but just for my own personal use.”
At 19 years old, Jackson was arrested.
“I was leaving a residence with two duffel bags full of everything you need to cook crystal meth,” he recalled. “Undercover cops swarmed on me. I was looking at [charges for] manufacturing methamphetamine, which is a mandatory seven to 35 years. I looked like hell — a lot of scabs and sores on my face, really, really skinny, really, really pale.”
“I called my mom immediately,” he continued. “I had said so many times: ‘This is the last time, I'm sorry, it won't happen again, I'm going to change' — but there's nothing you can say at that point. I went to jail for 90 days. The manufacturing charges got dropped. I was charged with possession with intent to sell. I did my time, I did my rehab. I think it was probably the fifth rehab I had been in.”
Jackson later reflected on the incident during season 5 of Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew in 2011.
“I had the fame, I had the girls, I had the money, and I threw it away,” he said. “My drug of choice was crystal meth, and it was big-time downhill from that point on. I was drinking, doing coke, chasing this high with girls and sex. It was out of control.”
“I ended up getting arrested,” he added. “I was surrounded by police officers, thinking, ‘How did I do this to myself? How did I get here, man?' ”
Steroid Addiction
In the years that followed, Jackson continued to work on himself, even starring in VH1's Confessions of a Teen Idol in 2009, a reality show that followed seven former teen stars and their attempts to rebuild their careers.
But his dreams of getting back into acting soon led him to develop a new addiction to dangerous, steroid-like drugs.
“I wanted to be the next Sylvester Stallone and get in really good shape,” he said during his 2011 stint on Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew. “It started out innocent enough — you know, gym, trainers, acting class, but having that addict mentality … for a guy like me, it's just not fast enough. I want results, like, now.”
“I've spent at least $200,000 in the last three years strictly on steroids and pills and injections,” he confessed. “I do these human growth hormone injections … these are normally for AIDS patients or cancer patients or people recovering from serious surgeries to help their tissue repair.”
“It's very extreme, very aggressive,” he added. “I could not continue to live the way I'm living. … I can't do it.”
Ejected from Celebrity Big Brother
In 2015, Jackson was kicked off Celebrity Big Brother after pulling open another contestant's dressing gown.
Jackson was in the bathroom throwing up after getting drunk when model Chloe Goodman came in to check on him, at which point she claimed Jackson pulled open her robe.
The next day, Jackson was removed from the series, with producers calling his behavior “wholly unacceptable.”
Jackson later described the incident as a mixture of “innocence and curiosity,” saying he had been “silly, bold and dumb” to lift Goodman's robe as she was offering assistance.
“I made a mistake,” he said. “And now I'm in boiling water for it.”
Stabbing Arrests
In April 2015, Jackson was arrested for allegedly stabbing a man in Westlake, California, and then fleeing the scene. Jackson was reportedly charged with assault with a deadly weapon and released on bail hours later. He told TMZ at the time the stabbing was in self-defense, claiming he was the victim of an attempted robbery. The charges were reportedly dropped.
RELATED VIDEO: Baywatch Star Jeremy Jackson Arrested for Suspected Stabbing
Four months later, in August 2015, Jackson was arrested yet again for another alleged stabbing: A woman claimed he stabbed her in the back, arm and leg after they got into an argument about her boyfriend's car.
He was reportedly charged with assault with a deadly weapon and criminal threats for the alleged August stabbing. On Oct. 27, he was reportedly released from jail on bond and headed straight to a rehabilitation center on the same day. (His lawyer told Entertainment Tonight the treatment was voluntary, not court ordered.)
PEOPLE confirmed on Monday that Jackson accepted a no-contest plea deal for the August 2015 incident, agreeing to a 270-day jail sentence and five years' probation. (A no-contest plea is functionally identical to a guilty plea, though the defendant does not admit guilt to the charges.)
Without the plea deal, Jackson — who is expected to be released on May 16 — faced seven years in prison if found guilty. Neither his attorney nor his rep immediately responded to requests for comment.
Democrats challenging California Rep. Devin Nunes for his House seat have seen some benefit to the House Intelligence Committee memo alleging the FBI misused its surveillance authority.
Scroll for more content...
The leading Democratic candidate hoping to unseat the Republican chairman of the committee has raised more than $100,000 in campaign donations.
Since Nunes' classified memo was released on Friday, the campaign for California prosecutor Andrew Janz has raised $130,379 and is just shy of 4,000 individual contributions.
Janz's campaign manager, Heather Greven, told CNN that Nunes is doing the campaign a big favor. The campaign has raised more in the past eight days than since Janz announced his candidacy back in April, according to Greven.
The campaign also released a digital ad Thursday night attacking the Republican memo and Nunes' involvement in drafting it and pushing for its release.
As chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Nunes spearheaded the GOP memo, which was made public Friday by the committee with the approval of President Donald Trump.
Democrats have called the memo misleading and politically motivated, arguing that it omits key information from the underlying intelligence it's based on.
"There was a lot of hype and there wasn't really any substance to the memo," Janz said in an interview Saturday with CNN. He added that people in his district have been concerned about how the memo could affect special counsel Robert Mueller's Russia investigation.
Janz said he hopes the Democrats release their own memo to rebut the GOP's document.
"It's important to provide context to what Devin (Nunes) has released," Janz said. "It's important for the American people to get a full picture so they can reach their own conclusions about how well the FBI is doing their job."
Nunes, who has served in Congress since 2003, is being challenged by six Democratic candidates, a Libertarian candidate, and an American Solidarity Party candidate in the 22nd Congressional District race, which includes Fresno.
Another Democrat in the race, businessman Ricardo Franco, told CNN that his campaign has seen a relatively big increase in donations over the last week, with $3,000 coming in on Saturday. Campaign disclosures show he raised about $24,000 since announcing his bid last year.
"Concerned Americans, many who don't live in the district, have visited (the campaign page) to make campaign donations once the Nunes memo was released," Franco said in an email to CNN.
Janz, who said he'll come to Washington to rid politics of dark money and focus on health care and clean water issues for his district, is leading the Democratic field in raising money.
But if he wins the June primary, Janz could face difficult odds against Nunes in the November election. Nunes was easily reelected in 2016, winning just more than 67% of the vote.
Nunes' campaign also ended the year with nearly $4 million cash on hand, according to Federal Election Commission filings.
Janz, the son of immigrant parents, said he also wants comprehensive immigration legislation and for Dreamers not to be used as a bargaining chip in negotiations with Trump, who has pushed for border wall funding.
"At the end of the day, I think that members of Congress need to sit down and get this done," Janz said. "I think if they can't, we need new leadership and I'm talking about new leadership on both sides."
He added, "I think with this being a potential wave election, we're going to be able to usher in a new generation of leadership in Washington, and I hope to be a part of that."
Hide press release Show press release
For The First Time, Toyota Will Run Three Super Bowl Ads; Spots Utilize The Olympic and Paralympic Games Themes of Unity, Courage and Inspiration
Sports Fans Unite in “One Team,” Paralympian Lauren Woolstencroft Overcomes the Impossible in “Good Odds” and Movement is Reimagined in “Mobility Anthem” in Toyota's Three Primetime Super Bowl LII TV Spots
February 02, 2018
PLANO, Texas (February 2, 2018) – Toyota is returning to the 2018 Super Bowl like never before, using sports to unite and inspire during three ads in the most-watched television event of the year. For the first time in the company's history, Toyota will have three primetime commercials from two different campaigns leading the first quarter, post-halftime and second half. Two spots will air from its first-ever global campaign, “Start Your Impossible,” which communicates the company's shift to a mobility company and aims to inspire consumers to take their first step to unleash their potential. The third spot will air from its domestic U.S., longtime campaign “Let's Go Places,” empowering viewers to see what they're capable of when unity is embraced.
In the first ad break to appear post-kickoff, Toyota's television spot “Good Odds,” from their “Start Your Impossible” campaign, will air. The :60-second spot celebrates Toyota's evolution to a mobility company and its eight-year global sponsorship of The Olympic and Paralympic Games by highlighting the real-life story of Canadian Alpine Skier Lauren Woolstencroft, who overcame tremendous odds to become a legendary Paralympic gold medalist.
Prior to the halftime show and following the Toyota Halftime Report, and a throw from NBC Sports anchor Dan Patrick, Toyota's :60-second ad, “One Team,” features an amusing, light-hearted narrative illustrating how people from diverse backgrounds unite to celebrate the spirit of what brings them together, their shared passion for sports. The spot will be unveiled on Saturday, February 3.
Finally, in the second half, Toyota will air a moving message promoting mobility as a human right in “Mobility Anthem,” a riveting :30-second spot from the brand's first-ever global campaign, “Start Your Impossible,” which features people from ages ranging one to 100 in all stages of life, including world-renowned Olympic and Paralympic athletes. Toyota believes that mobility goes beyond cars and that freedom of movement is a human right. The film demonstrates the company's shift to a mobility company by showcasing some examples of Toyota's mobility technologies.
“This is an unprecedented opportunity for our team at Toyota to share messages of unity, friendship, diversity and perseverance,” says Ed Laukes, group vice president, Toyota Marketing, Toyota Motor North America. “With the Super Bowl and the Olympics just days apart on NBC, we're excited to join fans' enthusiasm for these two world-class events and connect with them by sharing meaningful and inspiring TV spots.”
View the :60-second “Good Odds” and “Mobility Anthem” :30-second spot or full-length version from Toyota's “Start Your Impossible” Campaign or visit YouTube.com/Toyota. Toyota's “One Team” spot from the “Let's Go Places” campaign will first premiere the morning of Saturday, February 3.
“If I could describe my journey in the Paralympic Winter Games in one word, I would say determination,” said Lauren Woolstencroft, the 8 x gold medalist Para-alpine skier featured in “Good Odds." “It's been a wonderful experience partnering with Toyota on this global platform to tell my story of overcoming odds. I hope that my story encourages and inspires others around the world to pursue their passions, and reach for their own personal best.”
The “Start Your Impossible” TV commercials were developed by Toyota's agencies of record, Saatchi & Saatchi and Dentsu, with “Good Odds” directed by esteemed director Aoife McArdle and “Mobility Anthem” directed by acclaimed director John Hillcoat. The “Lets Go Places” TV spot “One Team” was created by Saatchi & Saatchi and directed by veteran filmmaker Ivan Zacharias.
“We think there is no better platform to share the beautiful story of determination and passion in ‘Good Odds' to a message of unity and camaraderie in ‘One Team,' and true inspiration in ‘Mobility Anthem,' as we invite viewers to experience this journey with us,” said Jason Schragger, chief creative officer, Saatchi & Saatchi.
For more information about Toyota's partnership with The Olympic and Paralympic Games, please visit www.mobilityforall.com. In March of 2015, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) announced Toyota as the first-ever Mobility Partner in the history of The Olympic Partner (TOP) Programme to sponsor the mobility category. Toyota then became a Worldwide Paralympic Partner of the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) in November 2015.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Doctors struggle to find out what drugs people have taken
24/4/18 - A&E at Middelheim Hospital in Antwerp is regularly confronted with youngsters on drugs. Some youngsters are addicts; most are teenagers experimenting with drugs, and often alcohol, including some 10 year olds. The challenge is to identify the drugs
VRT ???media.video.type.mz_vod???
Doctors struggle to find out what drugs people have taken
24/4/18 - A&E at Middelheim Hospital in Antwerp is regularly confronted with youngsters on drugs. Some youngsters are addicts; most are teenagers experimenting with drugs, and often alcohol, including some 10 year olds. The challenge is to identify the drugs
April 12 (Reuters) -
* The economy is not yet firing on all cylinders, Bank of Canada policymakers said in prepared remarks before the House of Commons Standing Committee on Finance
* Bank of Canada: range of potential trade measures under discussion in U.S. even wider now than was in January Further company coverage: (Reporting By Leah Schnurr)
RELEASE FROM PITTSBURG STATE ATHLETICS:
PITTSBURG — The Pittsburg State University men's and women's cross-country teams will travel to Victoria, Kan., Saturday (Oct. 7) to compete in the sixth annual Fort Hays State University Tiger Open. The women's five-kilometer race will start at 10:05 a.m. at Sand Plum Natural Trail, while the men's eight-kilometer competition will begin at 10:45 a.m.
The field will include seven MIAA schools, including FHSU, Pitt State, Central Missouri, Emporia State (men only), Missouri Western, Nebraska-Kearney and Northwest Missouri. The women's race features three nationally-ranked squads, including the No. 7 ranked Gorillas. No. 2 Adams State and No. 7 Western State (Colo.) also will compete in the meet. The men's field also features three top 25 teams – No. 1 Adams State, No. 18 Western State and No. 21 Rogers State.
The Pitt State women placed second among 43 Division II schools in their last outing at the University of Minnesota Roy Griak Invitational on Sept. 23. Junior Ashton Henson and sophomore Piper Misse each recorded top 10 finishes in the meet.
The Pitt State men finished 10th among 45 Division II schools at the Griak Invitational. Freshman Diego Contreras paced the Gorillas with a 20th-place individual finish.
If you're not near a radio in Las Vegas, tune into X107.5 using the Radio.com app!
It's all about New Music in THE BEATDOWN weeknights at 9PM on X107.5. We play the NEW songs back-to-back and then YOU get to vote. Winner moves on to the next night against another NEW song with hopes of winning 10 nights in a row & entering The Beatdown Hall Of Fame… Deserving losers hope for another shot during the Redemption Weekend, which starts Friday at 9PM!
TONIGHT: Champion Made Violent “Basement Ghost” (3 wins) vs Challenger '68 “This Life Is Old, New, Borrowed And Blue”
WINNER: TBD BY YOU! (back Thursday 9PM vs Rancid “Where I'm Going”)
***VOTING RULES!!! Voting begins at 9PM PT, the same time the songs are played & the polls will remain opened until 10AM PT. Use the poll below to vote as many times as it will let you. If the poll stops you from repeat voting, wait 2 hours, hit REFRESH & continue voting… You can also call 702-791-1075 between 9PM – 10PM to voice your opinion!***
THE BEATDOWN 2017 HOF INDUCTEES: Thorcraft Cobra “Caught In Between”, Night Riots “Breaking Free”, Avalon Landing “Only Kids”, Echo Park Social Club “Andy, Where Did You Go?”, Adelitas Way “Tell Me” & Welshly Arms “Legendary” (All HOFers are entered into the end of the year Championship Tournament)
Carlsbad Caverns' main elevators back in service
CARLSBAD, N.M. (AP) — The main elevators at Carlsbad Caverns National Park are up and running following a long-awaited modernization project that saw repeated delays.
The Carlsbad Current-Argus reports the primary elevator system began operating Monday and officials are planning to decommission the backup system next year so it can be updated too.
The primary system went out of service in November 2015 when a motor shaft sheared off.
Work to repair and modernize the elevators was supposed to be done by Memorial Day but was delayed until June 15 due to additional work needed on the interior of the cars.
The project was delayed again when the cables created excessive noise, caused by unexpected vibrations.
Park Superintendent Doug Neighbor says the elevators should hold out for the least a decade without any problems.
___
Information from: Carlsbad Current-Argus, http://www.currentargus.com/
VOL. 41 | NO. 32 | Friday, August 11, 2017
NASHVILLE (AP) — Coach Mike Mularkey hopes his Tennessee Titans got just the wake-up call needed from an ugly loss to open the preseason, especially from some mistakes that were quite the eye-opener.
Mularkey even watched tape of Saturday night's 7-3 loss to the New York Jets a couple times to be sure, and he said Sunday he saw fewer mistakes than he originally thought. Some flubs were critical with Mularkey calling others "catastrophic."
"I think they know pretty well what we can and cannot do," Mularkey said. "So again, I'll go through a lot of this (Monday) with them and say it like it is, and they'll respond just like they have since I've been here."
The best part of the preseason opener was quarterback Marcus Mariota showing how healthy he is by running once with no signs of the broken right leg that ended his season last year on Dec. 24 . He was 2 of 3 for 15 yards passing. When sacked once, Mariota got right back up.
Unfortunately, the Titans allowed seven more sacks in losing their preseason opener with eight different Jets taking down a Tennessee quarterback. Alex Tanney, trying to push veteran Matt Cassel for the right to back up Mariota, took the brunt of the beating from a defense that also had 11 quarterback hurries.
Mularkey noted the first-team offensive line , which features Pro Bowl left tackle Taylor Lewan and All Pro right tackle Jack Conklin, allowed only one sack.
Protecting the quarterback was a big focus in 2016 with the Titans allowing only 28 sacks all of last season with their worst game giving up five in Indianapolis on Nov. 20.
The combination of a preseason opener, inexperience and some mistakes from running backs didn't help.
Mularkey noted eight rookies not only made their NFL debut but who were in an NFL stadium for the first time in their lives. With the running backs, Mularkey said fullback Jalston Fowler was to blame for one sack, not Derrick Henry.
"The thing was where we had breakdowns that created the sacks, we've practiced those things, and we've practiced them we've done well," Mularkey said. "We've got to take them from there and execute them in the game. And we've done that. We just didn't do it last night."
Mularkey also wasn't happy with two turnovers — both by Tanney in the fourth quarter. The 29-year-old quarterback from Monmouth has been with Dallas, Cleveland, Tampa Bay, Buffalo and Indianapolis. But he has exhausted his eligibility for the practice squad after spending most of last year there with Tennessee.
Tanney was intercepted at the goal line on a pass intended for Darius Jennings, a pass Mularkey called dangerous. Tanney fumbled when sacked on the next series after being reminded the Titans were in field goal range.
"It was a good experience no doubt," Mularkey said. "That's the one thing he just lacks."
Still, the coach made it very clear that he has only one goal whether the Titans are practicing, scrimmaging or playing a game.
"It's about going out to win," Mularkey said.
Notes: The Titans, who host the Carolina Panthers on Wednesday and Thursday, are talking about whether they need to add a long snapper after Beau Brinkley hurt a groin muscle in the loss to the Jets. Mularkey said Brinkley will miss the joint practices and aren't sure of his status for the team's preseason game Saturday. ... Mularkey said rookie WR Corey Davis is progressing from a strained hamstring that has kept him out since Aug. 3 and the Titans plan to be smart with the injury. ... LB Daren Bates dislocated a couple of fingers but returned to the game. ... LB Kourtnei Brown could miss up to two weeks with a hamstring injury.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Teresa M. Walker at www.twitter.com/teresamwalker
San Diego (April 24, 2018)--An estimated 10 percent of couples in the U.S. struggle with infertility. While a variety of factors can make it difficult for some people to get pregnant, ovulation disorders are a leading cause of female infertility. Now, researchers at Pennsylvania State University have found that zinc deficiency can negatively affect the early stages of egg development, reducing the ability of the egg cells to divide and be fertilized. This may affect fertility months in the future. The researchers will present their results at the American Physiological Society annual meeting at Experimental Biology 2018 in San Diego.
The availability of micronutrients in the ovarian environment and their influence on the development, viability and quality of egg cells (oocytes) is the focus of a growing area of research. In mammals, the ovary is made up of thousands of structures called follicles--women are born with approximately two million--which consist of one oocyte surrounded by layers of support cells (somatic cells). After puberty, a complex cascade of events occurs to prepare groups of oocytes for maturation, ovulation and fertilization. Though a group of oocytes begins to mature each month, only one will be ovulated and have the chance of being fertilized. Multiple factors can influence whether a given oocyte will mature correctly and one day be ovulated, including the presence of sufficient levels of certain micronutrients.
"More and more evidence is accumulating that zinc is a key player in oocyte development," lead author James Hester said. In the current study, Hester and his adviser, Francisco Diaz, assessed the effects of zinc on egg development extremely early on in the oocyte maturation process.
"Fertility research and treatment has primarily focused on the largest class of follicles (antral follicles), which are capable of ovulating in response to hormonal signals from the pituitary gland," Hester wrote. "In contrast, our study examines smaller preantral follicles, which are still growing and don't respond to the ovulatory signal yet. In humans, preantral follicles have to keep growing for about 90 days before they are ready to ovulate. Previous studies showed that zinc levels are critical in the antral follicle, but no one had tested the effect of zinc deficiency on preantral follicle growth."
The researchers collected preantral follicles from mice and matured them in a cell culture dish. They compared eggs matured in a zinc deficient environment to those grown with normal levels of zinc. They also exposed the zinc-deficient and control eggs to epidermal growth factor to mimic the hormonal environment necessary for ovulation after the maturation process.
Hester and Diaz found that preantral zinc deficiency:
disrupted growth of cells in culture,
led to smaller egg cells early in development,
caused problems with development of somatic cells and elevated certain cell markers, and
impaired the egg cell's ability to properly divide (meiosis), a necessary step before successful fertilization can occur. This defect persisted even after more zinc was introduced to the environment.
"Animal studies have consistently shown a zinc requirement for oocytes during meiotic division, fertilization and embryo development. Our new research shows that zinc plays a role in oocyte growth at an earlier stage than previously investigated, during development and before division. Otherwise, it doesn't matter what the conditions are during ovulation," Hester explained. "Interestingly, the oocytes commonly used for [in vitro fertilization] are collected from antral follicles, so any effects from preantral development have already occurred."
While the World Health Organization estimates that 17 percent of the global population is vulnerable to zinc deficiency in their diet, the estimate may not include cases of marginal zinc deficiency (people with some zinc in their diet, but less than recommended). Other at-risk populations include people with dietary and disease factors that also affect zinc status such as irritable bowel syndrome, Crohn's disease, gastrointestinal disorders and liver disease; women facing food insecurity; or women with certain dietary restrictions, such as vegetarians or vegans who don't take supplemental zinc.
###
James Hester, a graduate student at Pennsylvania State University will present the poster "Growing oocytes need zinc: zinc deficiency in the preantral follicle" on Tuesday, April 24, in the Exhibit Hall of the San Diego Convention Center.
NOTE TO JOURNALISTS: To schedule an interview with a member of the research team, please contact the communications@the-aps.org APS Communications Office or 301-634-7209. Find more research highlights in the APS Press Room.
About Experimental Biology 2018
Experimental Biology is an annual meeting comprised of more than 14,000 scientists and exhibitors from five sponsoring societies and multiple guest societies. With a mission to share the newest scientific concepts and research findings shaping clinical advances, the meeting offers an unparalleled opportunity for exchange among scientists from across the United States and the world who represent dozens of scientific areas, from laboratory to translational to clinical research.
About the American Physiological Society (APS)
Jean-Eric Vergne is on pole position for the Santiago ePrix after a thrilling super pole shootout saw two of his rivals crash out.
Sam Bird made an early mistake on his final lap and then lost the back end while trying to make up time, causing him to slide in the barriers.
Vergne's Techeetah team-mate Andre Lotterer then went straight into the barrier on the first corner of his super pole lap, although he was still able to crawl around the track and cross the line to ensure that he will start ahead of Bird.
It was disappointing for Lotterer after he had set a blistering time in the first section of qualifying to finish fastest.
His and Bird's crash meant that Sebastien Buemi will start in second place despite the Swiss driver not being entirely happy with his final lap, and reigning champion Lucas di Grassi qualified in third.
Di Grassi will start in thirteenth however after his Audi Sport ABT Schaeffler team chose to change an inverter on his car to avoid the technical issues he suffered from in Marrakesh, and incurred a ten place penalty in doing so.
It was disappointment as well for championship leader Felix Rosenqvist, who simply lacked pace and could only manage fourteenth on the grid, just ahead of his Mahindra Racing team-mate Nick Heidfeld.
Nelson Piquet Jr continued Panasonic Jaguar Racing's impressive season so far and only just missed out on super pole in sixth – although despite the strong pace shown in practice team-mate Mitch Evans will line up in last after his lap was ruined when he locked-up.
Brits Alex Lynn and Oliver Turvey are in seventh and eighth respectively, with Nico Prost in ninth and Jose Maria Lopez continuing his impressive return to the series by qualifying in tenth.
Further down it was disappointment for Edorado Mortara who was on an impressive lap until he too locked-up going into the hairpin, which left him out of shape and subsequently lost him a significant amount of time.
He'll start in seventeenth in between both MS&AD Andretti drivers who both made mistakes on their full power lap
Arizona #RedforEd teacher rally at state Capitol Anna Cicero, (center left) a teacher and school counselor at Mesa Public Schools, waves an Arizona flag, as Julie Cieniawski, (center right) a teacher at Scottsdale Unified School District, holds a sign at a RedForEd rally at the Arizona Capitol in Phoenix on the second day of the Arizona teacher walkout on Friday, April 27, 2018. 01 / 55 Anna Cicero, (center left) a teacher and school counselor at Mesa Public Schools, waves an Arizona flag, as Julie Cieniawski, (center right) a teacher at Scottsdale Unified School District, holds a sign at a RedForEd rally at the Arizona Capitol in Phoenix on the second day of the Arizona teacher walkout on Friday, April 27, 2018. 01 / 55
asset not included because it is a duplicate of primary asset
PHOENIX — Several red billboards across the Phoenix area have a message for Arizona teachers.
"Your future is in a Fort Worth classroom."
The Fort Worth Independent School District is recruiting local educators, weeks after the historic #RedForEd walkout attracted more than 50,000 protesters and impacted 850,000 students.
"It just shows what so many educators already know — that we are undervalued and underpaid in Arizona," Noah Karvelis, a #RedForEd and Arizona Educators Untied organizer, told The Arizona Republic.
Kirstie Rylon, a teacher with the Paradise Valley Unified School District, takes home $970.51 every two weeks. She brought a paycheck stub and W2 to prove it. #Red4Ed @azcentral pic.twitter.com/LRBYWOgGb8 — Cydney Henderson (@CydHenderson) May 2, 2018
One element on the five billboards across the Phoenix metro area distinctively stands out.
"Teacher starting salary at $52,000."
"That's nearly 20,000 (dollars) more than I made in my first year in Arizona," Karvelis said. "That's why we have a teacher crisis. ... People simply can't afford to teach here any longer."
The number shows the pay disparity between Arizona teachers and neighboring states. The frustration about low teacher pay and the desperate need for student funding led to the six-day #RedForEd walkout.
Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey signed a state budget earlier this month that included nearly $273 million aimed at giving teachers pay raises. It came after nearly 13 hours of debate in the state House and Senate.
But the future of Arizona teachers remains unclear.
"Every year we lose incredible teachers to places like Fort Worth because we don't pay our teachers what they deserve," Karvelis added.
Dave Price, a social studies teacher at Mesa Public Schools, holds sign during a rally during the sixth day of the Arizona teacher walkout at Wesley Bolin Memorial Plaza near the Arizona state Capitol in Phoenix on Thursday, May 3, 2018. Today will likely be the final day of the walkout as Governor Ducey signed an education funding bill into law early Thursday morning.
David Wallace/The Republic
The Fort Worth Independent School District started the campaign Monday with plans to keep the electronic billboards up for a month.
"Our goal isn't to steal teachers," Fort Worth school district spokesman Clint Bond told The Republic. "Our goal is to let people know there is another option."
The Forth Worth district did a similar campaign in Oklahoma earlier this month following the state's own teacher protests and walkouts, which led to several new hires.
"We decided that was the kind of passion, dedication and commitment in the teachers we want to hire," Bond said when discussing the Oklahoma teacher walkouts.
Arizona is no different. Bond told The Republic that district officials weren't planning on recruiting in Phoenix until the historic rally took place.
"If you want to work where your dedication is appreciated and where you will have the tools needed to improve student achievement, then we want to talk with you," Forth Worth Superintendent Kent Scribner, who is a former Phoenix union leader said in a news release.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
THE CANADIAN PRESS
FREDERICTON -- The Maritimes are being warned about the arrival of an invasive, tree-destroying beetle that has already done significant damage in Ontario and Quebec.
The Nature Conservancy of Canada says the emerald ash borer has been discovered in Edmundston, N.B., and is urging the public to help reduce its spread.
The group says people should buy and burn local firewood, rather than move firewood from one location to another.
Paula Noel, New Brunswick program director for the Nature Conservancy of Canada, says the emerald ash borer does not fly far on its own but will hide in firewood or nursery stock than can be transported.
It is a non-native, invasive beetle, originally from Asia, that is spreading rapidly and threatening forested areas throughout North America.
Five of Canada's ash species have been listed as critically endangered because of the emerald ash borer.
“BlueFin Research Partners analysts John Donovan and Steve Mullane today offer up their latest findings regarding Apple's schedule for the presumed forthcoming ‘iPhone X,' the 10th anniversary iPhone, which will start very slowly next month, they predict, before a ‘massive' surge in production, and sales, presumably, in the fourth quarter,” Tiernan Ray reports for Barron's. “The authors are struck by what seem to be very bold build plans.”
“The two analysts write that Apple will probably have its contract manufacturers build 53 million iPhones in total in the company's September-ending fiscal Q1, with perhaps only 5 or 6 million being the iPhone X; the balance will be a mix of iPhone ‘7S' and ‘7S Plus,' the main difference being the simpler machines have traditional LCD screens instead of what is expected to be the iPhone's first OLED display in the X model,” Ray reports. “But after September, the authors see a rapid run-up in production of X, to perhaps 44 million units in the December quarter, and around 30 million each quarter after. ‘According to our estimates, build plans for the balance of 2017 and for all of 2018 are at record levels,' they write.”
Read more in the full article here.
View larger $13.98 $10.98 - Select Qty - 1 2
2 in stock
Poster SKU: 171211-68855-1
Part No: R20845
Weight: 1.01 lbs
Condition: New
View All: Clint Eastwood | Sergio Leone items
Product Types: Poster Crush | Posters - Reprints
Lines: Cult Cinema Icons | Throwback Space
Genres: Action | Adventure | Crime | Cult Cinema | Drama | Western
Poster Categories: Movies, TV & Gaming
Studio: United Artists
Original U.S. Release: May 10, 1967
Rating: R
Visit our poster shop POSTER CRUSH: Art & Creativity | Comics & Fantasy Art | Movies, TV & Gaming | Music | Sports
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
In Sergio Leone's classic Spaghetti Western For A Few Dollars More, Clint Eastwood plays Monco, a bounty killer chasing El Indio (Gian Maria Volontè) and his gang. During his search, he meets Col. Douglas Mortimer (Lee Van Cleef), another bounty killer. The two decide to make a partnership, chase the bad guys together and split the reward. However Col. Mortimer has ulterior motives that go beyond money.
Specifications
Size: 24x36 in
Cast: Aldo Sambrell | Clint Eastwood | Gian Maria Volontè | Klaus Kinski | Lee Van Cleef | Luigi Pistilli | Mario Brega
Directors: Sergio Leone
Project Name: For A Few Dollars More
Related Items
Categories
Action | Adventure | Crime | Cult Cinema | Cult Cinema Icons | Drama | Featured | Movies, TV & Gaming | Posters - Reprints | Throwback Space | United Artists | Western
KHOU 11 Meteorologist Chita Craft says we could see anywhere from one to four inches of rain today, washing out some of your July 4th events.
The good news is the storms should clear out by late afternoon and early evening, just in time for tonight's fireworks.
Some areas have already seen four inches of rain from Tuesday night's showers, especially southeast of Houston.
High temps will reach the upper-80s today but could be cooler if you get some rain.
There is a 70 percent rain chance Wednesday, 30 percent Thursday and 40 percent on Friday. Scattered rain continues this weekend, too.
© 2018 KHOU
Tired of plasticky headphones? Well, here's your chance to buy into some with a wooden exterior - Denon's new AH-MM400 reference over-ears.
Which, some might think, look somewhat mad. Apt, then, that they top the "Music Maniac" range, we suppose.
We've been wearing the AH-MM400 for a week to see whether they're mad good, or just sound a bit, um, wooden…
Sometimes it's good to be different - and the MM400 sure are quirky looking headphones. Although they're not as intense looking as their use of wood might suggest: black and silver are the order of the day really, with aluminium alloy complementing the brown walnut and looking altogether premium.
If anything it's the large capped-out Denon logo emblazoned across the centre of each earcup exterior that's a little brash. We'd prefer more subtle branding. But these cans certainly turn heads, as many people have commented on them when we've been out and about.
To wear the AH-MM400 are immediately comfortable. Squidgy leather-coated padded earcups sit softly over-ear and Denon has done a really good job of keeping things lightweight (310g all-in) so there's no excessive pinch during wear. Plus there's none of that flimsiness where you think they might come flying off during wear.
A detachable 3.5mm cable is included in the box - although our review sample lacked this for a number of months. It's not a case of simply swapping out for an off-the-shelf replacement either (we've got a bunch of those): Denon uses a shaped surround to lock the cable into place, so you'll need that specific cable to ensure a fitted connection. Don't lose it!
Otherwise, there's little else to concern yourself with in terms of features. No noise-cancelling, no onboard battery or the need to charge; these are Denon's reference cans and entirely fuss-free.
The look will certainly split the crowd, as might the sound quality.
The MM400's 40mm drivers are able to reproduce deep bass from 10Hz right through to beyond-natural-hearing 40,000Hz, so there's little question of their ability. But there's not a push to the low-end; so while bass is present it can lack in some tracks and leave the mids to sound a little too dominating. Radio broadcasts, therefore, sound rather "tunnelled" with presenters' voices coming across as thin.
These are reference headphones though, so they're meant to sound more natural and avoid that excessive bass sound. What really impresses is the perception of surround, given the way the earcups sit lightly and fully around the ear - it gives a really floaty stereo listen with great separation.
Source material is, of course, important and with the right tracks there's more impact - the bass hits in Massive Attack & Roots Manuva's Dead Editors, for example.
Denon promotes its Denon Audio app, which includes a five-band equaliser and bass-boost slider to help things along in its Android guise. There's a more complex equaliser in the iOS app, but that's a pay-for £1.50 extra for some reason.
An unusually deadly seasonal outbreak of plague has gripped the island nation of Madagascar. As of Friday, 258 have been sickened and 36 have died just since August, according to Madagascar's Ministry of Public Health.
To try to stifle the spread, the government has forbidden public gatherings, including sporting events, and schools have closed for insecticide treatments that kill plague-spreading fleas. People have swarmed pharmacies, desperately seeking face masks and any antibiotics they can get. The World Health Organization on Friday announced that it has released $1.5 million in emergency funds and delivered nearly 1.2 million antibiotic doses to help combat the outbreak.
Plague, caused by the bacterium Yersinia pestis, is endemic to Madagascar and pops up all year-round. But outbreaks can erupt between September to November, with seasonal shifts in rat and flea populations. Rats, which harbor the bacteria, tend to see their populations plump and peak around harvest times in July and August. A boom in the flea population, which transmits the disease, follows in tandem. But as crops are harvested and the weather cools, the rat population shrinks, and the surging, hungry batch of fleas turns to humans.
The island has been battling the disease since it arrived there on steamboats from India in 1898. (The disease still appears in many countries around the world, including the US, but most epidemics occur in African countries.) Madagascar got a handle on its seasonal outbreaks during the 1950s with the help of antibiotics, insecticides, and better hygiene campaigns. But it lost its grip in the 1990s when it started seeing increases in case counts. In recent years, the country has tallied between 275 and 675 cases annually (PDF).
But this year is different. The disease is spreading not just in rural, agricultural areas; it's also spreading in cities. As of September 30, the disease had taken hold in 10 cities across the island, including the capital, Antananarivo.
“WHO is concerned that plague could spread further because it is already present in several cities and this is the start of the epidemic season, which usually runs from September to April,” Dr. Charlotte Ndiaye, WHO representative in Madagascar, said in a recent statement.
Twice the fear
It's also spreading in two different ways—by fleas and by people—which some have dubbed a "double plague." Usually, plague infections arise as bubonic plague, spread by flea bites. In this case—the Black Death scenario—Y. pestis moves from the site of a flea bite on a human to the lymphatic system, taking up residence and inflaming a lymph node. This causes a painful swelling called a bubo, where the infection gets its name. If it's left untreated, the infection can spread to the blood, causing septicaemic plague, or the lungs, causing pneumonic plague.
Pneumonic plague is the most severe form. It can become a life-threatening situation in just 24 hours and can begin to spread from person to person in droplets, coughed or sneezed.
Most of the people infected in the current outbreak in Madagascar have the pneumonic form.
Further Reading “Plague village” may upend what we know about how black death is spread Authorities suspect that the outbreak kicked off when a 31-year-old man from the coastal city of Tamatave visited the Ankazobe District in the Central Highlands. On August 27, during his visit, he developed what he thought were malaria symptoms. Four days later, he was showing respiratory symptoms while taking a shared, public taxi on the way home. He died during the journey, and his body was prepared for burial—without safety precautions—in the Moramanga District Hospital, which was along the way.
Health officials linked his case to 31 others, four of which resulted in death.
Officials caught on to the outbreak on September 11, and cases have piled up since then. People all over the island are spooked by the deadly and fast-spreading pneumonic version of the disease. Lines of people have been appearing at local pharmacies before dawn. They hope to get a face-mask and/or antibiotics, which are now in short supply and expensive.
Johannes Herinjatovo, a 50-year-old resident of Antananarivo, told the Agence France-Presse on Wednesday that he and his wife were alarmed by the current outbreak. “I'd already visited six [pharmacies] this morning and at each one they told me that they didn't have any more masks,” he said. He again left empty-handed.
Local health authorities have been trying to calm residents, telling them that face masks aren't necessary and that the plague can be treated.
"Plague is curable if detected in time. Our teams are working to ensure that everyone at risk has access to protection and treatment. The faster we move, the more lives we save," WHO's Dr. Ndiaye said.
* End of currency cap helps crown to touch 2013 high vs euro * Looming French election leads to currency volatility * Czech CPI edges up, cbank chief sees rate rise around end-2017 * Crown could come under pressure when speculators take profits (Adds rise in Czech short-term bid yield, central bank statement, Romania's euro bond issue) By Sandor Peto and Jason Hovet BUDAPEST/PRAGUE, April 10 The Czech crown touched its highest since 2013 on Monday, seeking a new equilibrium after the country's national bank (CNB) removed its cap on the currency last week. The crown firmed to 26.50 against the euro before retreating to 26.53 by 1147 GMT, still firmer by 0.1 percent. The zloty and the forint shed 0.3 percent as geopolitical worries weighed on emerging market assets. A key concern is that Marine Le Pen, the far-right candidate in France's two-round presidential election on April 23 and May 7, has promised a referendum on euro zone membership. The worry contributed to a jump in the one-month volatility of regional currencies. One-month crown and forint options against the dollar jumped to their highest since Britain's vote last year to quit the European Union. Zloty volatility was its highest since November. The rise in crown volatility was to be expected as investors who had bet on the cap's withdrawal accumulated long crown positions estimated at up to 60 billion euros. Profit-taking on those positions could put the crown under significant pressure, though the steadily growing Czech economy is expected to lift it by next year. "I think 26.500 is the first support (level). But it is difficult to say how strong it is," one dealer said. "I would expect, however, that it is still not a strong enough level for those who opened short EUR/CZK (positions)." The yield on Czech 2-year bonds was bid at positive levels for the first time since mid-2016, up 9 basis points at 0.02 percent, while a wide spread with ask yields at minus 0.48 percent showed uncertainty and traders did not report any trades above zero. Short-term yields jumped when the CNB scrapped the cap but are unlikely to rise above zero soon. Czech data showed a rise in annual inflation to 2.6 percent in March, the highest since 2012. The bank could start raising interest rates in late 2017 or early 2018 if inflation develops, CNB Governor Jiri Rusnok was quoted as saying in an interview with the Hospodarske Noviny daily. The bank said in a statement that the inflation figures represented slight upwards risk, but "counteracting this will be a strengthening of the koruna expected by the forecast from mid-2017 onwards". The leu firmed 0.2 percent to 4.51 against the euro despite a rise in Romania's January-February trade deficit. Romania opened books to tap international markets with 10-year euro-denominated bonds. CEE SNAPS AT 1347 MARKETS HOT CET CURRENCIES Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e bid close chang in e 2017 Czech crown 26.53 26.55 +0.1 1.80% 00 75 0% Hungary 310.8 310.0 -0.28 -0.66 forint 700 100 % % Polish 4.229 4.218 -0.27 4.12% zloty 5 2 % Romanian 4.510 4.520 +0.2 0.54% leu 5 3 2% Croatian 7.435 7.449 +0.2 1.62% kuna 0 5 0% Serbian 123.8 123.9 +0.0 -0.36 dinar 000 100 9% % Note: daily calculate previ close 1800 change d from ous at CET STOCK S Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e close chang in e 2017 Prague 988.6 984.0 +0.4 +7.2 7 5 7% 8% Budapest 32368 32600 -0.71 +1.1 .80 .34 % 4% Warsaw 2253. 2248. +0.2 +15. 23 33 2% 67% Bucharest 8201. 8209. -0.09 +15. 69 22 % 76% Ljubljana 783.2 779.4 +0.4 +9.1 1 3 8% 4% Zagreb 1960. 1950. +0.5 -1.72 43 41 1% % Belgrade 1 3 % 6% Sofia 655.1 658.2 -0.48 +11. 0 3 % 71% BONDS Yield Yield Sprea Daily d (bid) chang vs chang e Bund e in Czech sprea Republic d 2-year bps ps 5-year 5 bps 10-year bps s Poland 2-year bps s 5-year bps s 10-year bps s FORWARD RATE AGREEMENT 3x6 6x9 9x12 3M inter bank Czech Rep < 0.3 0.35 0.44 0 PRIBOR=> Hungary < 0.21 0.26 0.37 0.16 BUBOR=> Poland < 1.75 1.768 1.83 1.73 WIBOR=> Note: FRA are for quotes ask prices ************************************************** ************ (Additional reporting by Luiza Ilie in Bucharest; Editing by David Goodman and Pritha Sarkar)
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Kurdish Forces Driven from Afrin; What is American Policy?
On this episode of Fault Lines, hosts Garland Nixon and Lee Stranahan discuss the recent news about the Kurds being driven from the Syrian city of Afrin by Turkish backed forces. How will the United States react to this event, and are there more similar conflicts expected in the region?
Scheduled Guests: (Show 7-10 AM ET)
Medea Benjamin | Topic: New Book on Iran, Divest From War Machine campaign
Yerevan Saeed — Research Associate at the Middle East Research Institute [In-Stuido] | Topic: Turkish forces drive #Kurds from #Afrin w/ @YerevanSaeed
Robert Brakey and Chris Sautter [In-Studio]
Michael Goodwin — NY Post Columnist | Topic: #McCabe Fired; Will Anyone Prosecute #DeepState Crimes? w/ @mgoodwin_nypost
Darlene Brown has been a regular guest on Fault Lines and always brings inspirational words to the show. Today, she joins Garland and Lee for the first time in-studio to talk about the work she does and how we all can lead more positive and productive lives.
American foreign policy towards Iran has been a hot topic for years and the rhetoric has not cooled down during the Trump Presidency. Medea Benjamin of Code Pink joins the show to give her thoughts on American-Iranian relations and if there is hope for a lessening of tensions in the near future.
For the final segment of the show, Garland and Lee are joined by NY Post columnist Michael Goodwin for his thoughts on the firing of Andy McCabe, the former Deputy Director of the FBI. Was McCabe's firing justified, and is anyone truly investigating the misconduct committed by individuals at the FBI and Department of Justice?
We'd love to get your feedback at radio@sputniknews.com
April 24 (UPI) -- Online retail giant Amazon said Tuesday it will begin offering in-vehicle delivery service.
The company announced a partnership with General Motors and Volvo for the new service, to start in 37 U.S. markets.
"Get your Amazon packages securely delivered right into your vehicle parked at home, at work," the company said.
To use the new delivery, customers must download the Amazon Key mobile app and link it to their vehicle. The service will be available at checkout, Amazon said, which is free to Prime members.
In-vehicle delivery is an expansion of the Amazon Key program -- which launched last year to allow drivers to drop off packages inside customers' homes.
Key includes a "smart lock" for customers' doors, so they can be opened by the courier and a security camera. It currently costs about $220.
Amazon said more cities will soon be added to receive in-vehicle delivery.
NEW Zealand Labour leader Jacinda Ardern has hit back at Foreign Minister Julie Bishop for making “false claims” about the NZ Labour Party.
In a strongly-worded statement, Ms Ardern said she will meet with the Australian High Commissioner later today to “register my disappointment”.
Her comments came as Ms Bishop said it would be “very difficult to build trust” with a Labour government should the opposition party win the upcoming New Zealand election, which will be held on September 23.
Ms Ardern said it was “highly regrettable” that Ms Bishop had chosen to make “false claims” about the New Zealand Labour Party.
“I have been utterly transparent about the situation. I stand by my statements that I knew absolutely nothing about the Barnaby Joyce case until it broke in the media yesterday afternoon,” Ms Ardern wrote.
#BREAKING: Jacinda Ardern says Julie Bishops comments "highly regrettable" will register her disappointment with Aust HC @SkyNewsAust pic.twitter.com/RReRjRIM82 — James O'Doherty (@jmodoh) August 15, 2017
“I had no knowledge about the parliamentary questions lodged by Chris Hipkins MP. I have also been clear that those questions were not appropriate.”
Ms Ardern said she would “happily” take a call from Ms Bishop to discuss these matters.
I value our relationship with the Australian Govt highly. I won't let disappointing & false claims stand in the way of that relationship — Jacinda Ardern (@jacindaardern) August 15, 2017
Ms Bishop today accused the Labor Party of compromising relations between Australia and New Zealand, saying it would be hard to develop a relationship with members of a party that had been “used by the Australian Labor Party to seek to undermine the Australian government”.
media_camera Labour Party Leader Jacinda Ardern slammed Ms Bishop's comments. Picture: Getty
She slammed Opposition leader Bill Shorten for “treachery” in a spirited press conference after revelations a Labor MP prompted a New Zealand Labor MP to probe Barnaby Joyce's citizenship status.
“Bill Shorten has sought to use a foreign political party to raise serious allegations in a foreign Parliament designed to undermine confidence in the Australian Government,” Ms Bishop told reporters in Canberra.
“Bill Shorten has serious questions to answer.
“This is highly unethical, at least.
“But, more importantly, puts at risk the relationship between the Australian Government and the New Zealand Government.”
She called on Mr Shorten to reveal the name of the MP who spoke to New Zealand Labor.
“We're used to the dodgy backroom deals from Bill Shorten when he was leader of the union movement — he's now brought that not only into Australian politics but now into the international politics.”
media_camera Julie Bishop has called Bill Shorten out on “highly unethical behaviour”. Picture: Kym Smith
Meanwhile, Malcolm Turnbull is facing the real possibility that he will be forced to seek an alliance with a crossbench MP to hold onto government.
Queensland MP Bob Katter has already outlined what he wants if the Prime Minister seeks his support if the High Court rules Barnaby Joyce is ineligible to sit in Parliament over his New Zealand citizenship.
“You're one by-election away from needing mine or Rebekha Sharkie's vote,” Mr Katter warned on Sky News today.
MORE: Katter delivers stunning blow to Coalition
media_camera Malcolm Turnbull and Julie Bishop. Picture Gary Ramage
DELICATE BALANCE OF POWER
Julia Gillard was forced to seek an alliance with crossbenchers in 2010 when Labor won only 72 seats after she ousted Kevin Rudd as Labor leader.
The then-Prime Minister formed a minority government with the help of NSW independents Rob Oakeshott and Tony Windsor, Greens MP Adam Bandt and Tasmanian independent Andrew Wilkie.
The Coalition under Malcolm Turnbull currently holds 76 seats in the lower house, which amounts to a one-seat majority.
To hold onto power, if Mr Joyce lost his seat following a High Court ruling, Mr Turnbull would need to turn to one of five possible allies; independents Cathy McGowan and Andrew Wilkie, Bob Katter of Katter's Australian Party, Nick Xenophon Team MP Rebekha Sharkie or Greens MP Adam Bandt.
media_camera Deputy PM Barnaby Joyce is a dual citizen of New Zealand. Picture: Kym Smith
Meanwhile, Opposition leader Bill Shorten accused the government of making up “conspiracy theories” after it was revealed Labor asked a NZ Labor MP to probe Barnaby Joyce's citizenship status.
New Zealand Labour leader Jacinda Ardern today confirmed the speculation an ALP member asked NZ Labour frontbencher Chris Hipkins to look into Mr Joyce's status.
Mr Joyce again refused this morning to stand aside as Deputy Prime Minister.
“The government is engaging in conspiracy theories, we don't need to engage in them,” Mr Shorten told Labor MPs in a party room meeting today.
The Labor leader made no reference to the members of his party facing calls to prove they aren't dual citizens.
Instead, he opened the meeting with the Maori greeting ‘Kia Ora' and joked Mr Joyce should be renamed Foreign Minister or ‘leader of the dual nationals'.
Earlier, Ms Ardern said her MPs should not have asked the NZ Internal Affairs Minister Peter Dunne to look into Mr Joyce.
“I found out about those yesterday when the media story broke and contacted Chris to ask around the nature of the questions he'd asked,” Ms Ardern told radio NZ this morning.
“He's been very clear: Yes, someone from the ALP put some legal question to him around citizenship, no mention was made of anyone's name, no rationale for any particular case being pursued was ever raised.”
media_camera NZ Labour Party Leader Jacinda Ardern said her MPs should not have asked the NZ Internal Affairs Minister Peter Dunne to look into Mr Joyce. Picture: Getty
“He asked the questions without knowing how that might be used and has made it very clear, in hindsight, had he known how it would be used, he would not have asked the questions.”
Labor frontbencher Tony Burke had earlier rejected the suggestions, saying to his knowledge the Australian Labor Party had not been involved.
Liberal frontbencher Michael Sukkar said it was a “serious” issue if an Australian political party was working to undermine the government.
.@MichaelSukkarMP: an Austn political party working with a foreign one to undermine the govt is a very serious issue https://t.co/nmXKIHGGii pic.twitter.com/W5xUZfYqqn — Sky News Australia (@SkyNewsAust) August 14, 2017
“This stinks to high hell, to be honest,” Mr Sukkar told Sky News.
“You've got an Australian political party working with a foreign political party to undermine our domestic government.
“That is a very, very serious issue.”
Mr Sukkar likened it to interference the government hadn't worried about since concerns about Soviet Russia during the Cold War. He labelled the actions “borderline corruption”.
Mr Sukkar said the ALP needed to confirm which of its MPs spoke to the New Zealand Labor Party.
KIWI BARNABY WON'T STAND DOWN
A subdued-looking Mr Joyce this morning told reporters in Canberra he would not stand down as the government had received legal advice from the Solicitor General that the more likely outcome of the looming High Court case was that he would not be disqualified as the Member for New England.
“As the more likely outcome is clear, we should just continue on with our work,” he said.
CITIZENSHIP SCANDAL: Social media skewers Kiwi Baaarnaby
Meanwhile, Labor has refused to release documents that would clear five federal MPs who could potentially hold dual citizenship.
As pressure mounts on Mr Joyce to step aside and abstain from voting in Parliament while the High Court decides whether he was eligible to be elected, the Coalition could today use its numbers to challenge Labor MPs to unequivocally prove they are not dual citizens, The Australian reports.
The MPs who have yet to provide documents proving they are not dual citizens include Justine Keay, Susan Lamb, Brendan O'Connor, Maria Vamvakinou and Tony Zappia.
media_camera Labor is under pressure to prove five of its MPs are not dual citizens. Picture: AAP
DUAL CITIZEN: The awkward video that's come back to bite Barnaby
Asked on ABC radio this morning why Labor would not just release the documents, Mr Burke said the party was confident its preselection processes had ruled out any possible chance the MPs could be dual citizens.
“We go through parents and we go through grandparents and then a team of lawyers works with the candidates to make sure they have fulfilled the requirements of Section 44,” he said.
Ms Keay's confirmation in July that she had not moved to renounce her British citizenship until a month before the 2016 federal election contradict Mr Burke's assurance.
media_camera Attorney-General George Brandis says the ongoing citizenship saga is “getting ridiculous”. Picture: AAP
Attorney-General George Brandis told ABC the government's legal advice relied on the assumption that Section 44 of the Constitution did not apply to someone who had no knowledge or reason to believe that they had a dual citizenship.
He conceded the ongoing saga was “getting ridiculous”.
The call for Mr Joyce to stand-aside comes as an overwhelming response to a News Corp Australia poll, participated in by more than 63,000 people, shows the majority of Australians think he should go.
Originally published as Citizenship
Wanting to make their job a little easier, researchers at the University of Toronto developed a new artificial intelligence algorithm that helped them identify 6,000 previously unseen craters on Earth's moon.
Researchers first trained the neural network on 90,000 images that covered two-thirds of the moon's surface before testing its ability to detect craters on the remaining third portion of the data. Officials discovered that their network was able to categorize craters larger than 5 kilometers, ZME Science reported.
"When it comes to counting craters on the moon, it's a pretty archaic method," Mohamad Ali-Dib, a postdoctoral researcher at the Centre for Planetary Sciences at University of Toronto Scarborough, said in a university press release. "Basically, we need to manually look at an image, locate and count the craters and then calculate how large they are based off the size of the image."
© Photo: ESO/M. Kornmesser First Alien Object to Travel to Our Solar System Astonishes Scientists
"Here we've developed a technique from artificial intelligence that can automate this entire process — that saves significant time and effort," he added.
The discovery, a joint effort between researchers from the University of Toronto and Penn State University, began as an exploration into how machine learning and deep learning could assist in specific scientific issues.
"Tens of thousands of unidentified small craters are on the moon and it's unrealistic for humans to efficiently characterize them all by eye," Ari Silburt, a researcher involved in the study, said in a statement. "There's real potential for machines to help identify these small craters and reveal undiscovered clues about the formation of our solar system."
"It's the first time we have an algorithm that can detect craters really well, for not only parts of the moon, but also areas of Mercury," Ali-Dib said before adding that knowing the size and location of craters could offer "a window into the history of our solar system."
Officials indicated that they will continue to improve the algorithm in hopes that it will help detect craters on Mars, Ceres and the moons of Jupiter and Saturn.
Speaking to the New Scientist, Silburt told the outlet that one of the improvements the team is looking address is the algorithm's inability to detect "unidentified craters below 5 kilometers."
The study, funded in part by the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada, is currently under review by the journal Icarus.
* Canadian dollar ends at C$1.3332, or 75.01 U.S. cents * Bond prices mixed across yield curve TORONTO, April 10 The Canadian dollar firmed on Monday to a one-week high against its U.S. counterpart as oil prices rose, while the strength of recent domestic data added to support for the loonie ahead of this week's Bank of Canada decision on interest rates. U.S. crude prices settled up 84 cents at $53.08 a barrel, supported by a renewed shutdown at Libya's largest oilfield and heightened tension over Syria following the U.S. missile strike. Oil is one of Canada's major exports. "There is some followthrough from the robust jobs number last week," said Bipan Rai, senior macro strategist at CIBC Capital Markets. Data on Friday showed that Canada added a greater-than-expected 19,400 jobs in March, adding to recent evidence that the economy has finally turned the corner. It is going to be difficult for the central bank to drive home a dovish message given that "the data has been so robust," Rai added. The Bank of Canada will release its interest rate decision and Monetary Policy Report on Wednesday. The Canadian dollar ended at C$1.3332 to the greenback, or 75.01 U.S. cents, stronger than Friday's close of C$1.3410, or 74.57 U.S. cents. The currency's weakest level of the session was C$1.3425, while it touched its strongest since April 3 at C$1.3328. Gains for the loonie came as data showed that Canadian housing starts jumped in March to their highest level in more than nine years. The seasonally adjusted annual rate of housing starts rose to 253,720 units, topping economists' forecasts for 215,000. Still, speculators have increased bearish bets on the Canadian dollar to the most since March 2016, data from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and Reuters calculations showed on Friday. Canadian dollar net short positions increased to 30,225 contracts as of April 4 from 28,217 a week earlier. Canadian government bond prices were mixed across the yield curve, with the two-year flat to yield 0.762 percent and the 10-year falling 4 Canadian cents to yield 1.602 percent. On Friday, the 10-year yield touched a more than four-month low at 1.505 percent. (Reporting by Fergal Smith, editing by G Crosse)
Highly experienced defender and former Newcastle Jets captain Nikolai Topor-Stanley, 32, has signed a two-season deal to return to the Club.
Towering stopper Topor-Stanley, who skippered Western Sydney Wanderers to their 2014 AFC Champions League title, re-joins the Jets having played last season in the UAE Gulf League with Hatta Club.
Stanley said that it feels great to be returning to Newcastle to represent a region he knows cares deeply about football.
“I have had a good history of playing football in this region and I know the passion that the people have for their team,” Topor-Stanley said. “I know that the people are very proud people here and the fact that they haven't had that much success recently means it will be even sweeter when we do reach that.”
“There is a long road ahead and I am really looking forward to getting out on the training track. Hopefully I can add my experience of what I have learnt both here and abroad to help bring winning times.”
Topor-Stanley said that he believes new Newcastle Jets Head Coach Ernie Merrick has the know-how and expertise to help the team excel, and added that he's more than willing to convey key learnings from his time under another of the competition's most successful managers, Tony Popovic, to his teammates if called upon.
“His (Ernie Merrick's) track record speaks for itself,” Topor-Stanley said. “I know that he is capable of getting the job done, but this is only the beginning.”
“I learnt some very valuable lessons during my time under Tony. You have to leave no stone unturned, especially in the pre-season, to really set yourself a platform for success. I lived five years of that and I have seen first hand what hard work and dedication brings you. So I have no issues with passing on my experience and giving 100 per cent,” he concluded.
Newcastle Head Coach Merrick hailed the recruitment of Topor-Stanley and said his addition to the Club's Hyundai A-League roster will add significant depth, leadership and experience to the Jets' squad.
“As I stated when I arrived at the Jets we need to strengthen the squad and add experience, and Nikolai fits the job description 100 per cent,” Merrick said. “He is a skilful and uncompromising defender who will provide on-field leadership.”
“The fact that Nikolai has played previously for the Club is another bonus. He knows what to expect and what is needed at the Jets in order for us to make the Finals,” he said.
The chief of the Tempe Police has told the San Francisco Chronicle that Uber is likely not responsible for the Sunday evening crash that killed 49-year-old pedestrian Elaine Herzberg.
“I suspect preliminarily it appears that the Uber would likely not be at fault in this accident," said chief Sylvia Moir.
Herzberg was "pushing a bicycle laden with plastic shopping bags," according to the Chronicle's Carolyn Said, when she "abruptly walked from a center median into a lane of traffic."
After viewing video captured by the Uber vehicle, Moir concluded that “it's very clear it would have been difficult to avoid this collision in any kind of mode (autonomous or human-driven) based on how she came from the shadows right into the roadway."
Moir added that "it is dangerous to cross roadways in the evening hour when well-illuminated, managed crosswalks are available."
The police said that the vehicle was traveling 38 miles per hour in a 35 mile-per-hour zone, according to the Chronicle—though a Google Street View shot of the roadway taken last July shows a speed limit of 45 miles per hour along that stretch of road.
At a Monday afternoon press conference, Tempe Sgt. Ronald Elcock said that there were no signs that the vehicle slowed down before striking Herzberg.
Moir's comments are obviously a promising sign for Uber, but they are not the final word on the tragedy. Investigators from the National Transportation Safety Board have been dispatched to the scene to collect evidence and make an independent assessment.
And even if Uber is not legally at fault, critics may ask whether the vehicle could have done more to anticipate the possibility that the woman might step in front of the Uber vehicle and take appropriate defensive measures—perhaps slowing down or changing lanes to give her a wider berth.
SEOUL, March 20 (UPI) -- South Korea and the United States have decided to resume their joint military drills next month, while reassuring North Korea that the exercises will be "defense-oriented."
The South Korean military announced Tuesday that Seoul and Washington's defense ministers agreed to launch the annual Foal Eagle and Key Resolve drills on April 1, after they were postponed to avoid an overlap with the Pyeongchang Winter Games period.
Earlier this year, South Korean President Moon Jae-in asked to hold off the exercises until after the Olympics and Paralympics Games in a bid to defuse tensions with North Korea and convince it to participate in the sporting event.
The North has long called for the scrapping of the drills, deeming them a rehearsal for invasion.
However, ahead of Seoul and Washington's respective summits with North Korea, the two allied forces appeared more mindful of Pyongyang.
Seoul says the United Nations Command notified North Korea's Korean People's Army on the schedule as well as the defensive nature of the annual exercises.
Pentagon spokesman Christopher Logan also said in a statement that are defense-oriented and there is no reason for North Korea to view them as a provocation.
He said the drills were not a response to any specific North Korean provocations or the current situation on the Korean Peninsula.
Some 12,200 U.S. troops and 10,000 South Korean soldiers will take part in the month-long Key Resolve drill, which include command and control exercises based on computer simulations.
The Foal Eagle exercise will kick off on April 23 with about 11,500 U.S. troops and 290,000 South Koreans involved in field training.
While the scale of the drills will be similar to those of previous years, the Foal Eagle drill will be a month shorter compared to last year.
According to Yonhap, South Korean officials denied that the drills will be "low key" this year.
"The purpose of the drills and the size of participating troops will be similar to those in previous years. The program will also be similar," a Joint Chiefs of Staff (JCS) official told reporters.
FILE - In this June 10, 2016 file photo, Eric Church performs at the CMA Music Festival at Nissan Stadium in Nashville, Tenn. Country star Church struggled to hold back tears in a tribute to the victims of the mass shooting at a country music festival in Las Vegas and debuted a song he wrote in their honor called "Why Not Me." Church was a headliner at the Route 91 Harvest Festival two days before a gunman opened fire on a crowd of thousands Sunday night, Oct. 1, 2017. Photo by Al Wagner
Advertisement
CHARLESTON, WV (BY: JEFF JENKINS, WV METRONEWS) – Cash paying customers on the West Virginia Turnpike are being handed cards by toll collectors through Saturday. The motorists are being asked to respond to a survey that will help determine the future tolls on the 88-mile highway.
The survey is part of a traffic engineering revenue study being done for the West Virginia Parkways Authority by a national firm in connection with a new state law that allows for up to$500 million in revenue bonds for road construction to be sold, Parkways General Greg Barr told MetroNews Thursday.
“Those cards have a link to a survey and it's very important that we get some good information from those travelers about their frequency of use and about their likelihood of participating in a flat-rate program,” Barr said.
Click here to read more.
Related
Comments
comments
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Galway Bay fm newsroom – Portumna Marina will fully re-open in April following a major refurbishment.
The works involved refurbishing the existing harbour area and toilets, including the re-decking of existing mooring fingers and new service bollards.
The project also involved trenching works at Marina Road to facilitate the installation of a new state of the art energy efficient lighting system.
The facility will re-open in April, and the County Council is to explore the possibility of extended opening times.
VISTA, Calif. – A young Escondido man who killed a friend after challenging the victim to a fight, then posted sounds of the victim crying during the attack to Snapchat was sentenced Wednesday to 25 years in prison.
Salvador Alejandro Sanchez, 20, was convicted of murdering 20-year-old Maithem Alfuraiji in April 2017. A judge sentenced Sanchez to 25 years to life in prison.
Alfuraiji's mother Brenda West gave an emotional statement Wednesday about the impact since her son's death.
“I feel like a knife has stabbed my heart,” West said. “I lay every day in bed and cry from my son because I will not see him again.”
Escondido police Detective Greg Gay said friends of the two men were alarmed by messages posted on the defendant's Snapchat account, in which Sanchez can be heard telling the victim “tell them what you did.”
Police said Sanchez lured Alfuraiji to Mountain View Park and later challenged the victim to a “fight to the death.”
Sanchez told police that he targeted the victim because Alfuraiji was “making decisions and meeting with people” that put everyone they knew in danger.
Friends eventually called police about what they saw on Snapchat and Sanchez led them to Alfuraiji's body on the Rincon Indian Reservation in Valley Center.
People living in and near Gympie Street in Woodstock collect water that comes from the Woodstock Quarter construction site. Picture Henk Kruger/ANA
Cape Town - Water flowing under central Cape Town directly into the ocean might be natural but it is not all safe for drinking, a local researcher has warned.
Caron von Zeil, an academic whose research about the city's underground water has been resurfacing, said many of the springs where this water could be accessed are polluted.
The water runs from Table Mountain in canals built during the colonial period.
Von Zeil's project Reclaim Camissa has been about finding ways to use this water. It has been in the news for close on a decade but City of Cape Town or provincial government officials have not worked towards harvesting this water.
Von Zeil cautioned this week that most of the springs - she has located 31 in total - carry e.coli bacteria, which would lead to severe stomach cramps, diarrhoea and vomiting.
“These springs have not been protected to date and many are polluted. We will have a populace with health issues, not something we need in this time of crisis,” she said.
Read: How the rich are dealing with the #WaterCrisis
#WaterCrisis: Warning that borehole water could run out
Von Zeil said she had maps of where the springs were located and also reportedly said large water reserves exist under Parliament buildings on Plein Street in the city centre.
She said Reclaim Camissa was “monitoring one of the many tunnels, which alone carries 8.8 million litres of water to the ocean daily”.
Xanthea Limberg, the City's mayoral committee member for informal settlements, water and waste services, said the City had “explored in detail whether 69 springs identified on Table Mountain could be incorporated into the drinking water system”.
“The city does currently produce 2.8 million litres of drinking water per day from the Albion Spring in Newlands, and has recently commissioned a new project to produce approximately 2 million litres of drinking water per day from the Oranjezicht Main Springs Chamber,” she said.
“In the case of other springs it has been found that flow is too small to justify the cost of staff and infrastructure required to treat the water to drinking standards.”
She added: “In the interest of ratepayers, the City must ensure that augmentation schemes offer value for money. Procuring greater volumes of water could be done more economically, for instance via aquifer abstraction or the treatment of wastewater, and the City is rather pursuing these options.”
Limberg said that “even if all water from the springs could be incorporated into the drinking water system, they would only be able to service a tiny fraction of the city's water requirements”.
“In terms of the unused spring water, the City is exploring whether this water could be used for non-potable purposes such as irrigation, as this does not carry the same associated infrastructure costs, and would also take pressure off potable water reserves,” said Limberg.
“The City has applied to the national Department of Water and Sanitation to authorise it to use the water in this way.”
Independent Media reported a few years ago on Reclaim Camissa. It reported that “most of the springs and rivers that flow from Table Mountain have been paved over and forgotten, and each day millions of litres of fresh mountain water rushes away into drains or sewers”.
Also read: ‘Between a rock and a hard place'
Cape's spring water wasted
Underground labyrinth at Devil's Peak
It added: “Reclaim Camissa won first prize in the 2010 Multiplicity competition for inclusion in the city council's winning bid for the World Design Capital and it was recognised by the Cape Town Partnership as ‘One of the Big Five Ideas' for the city.”
Reclaim Camissa has also warned that groundwater should be protected to “allow for recharge of the aquifers”.
Limberg said on Friday they advised locals to boil water from springs as “this water could be contaminated”.
Weekend Argus
Manchester United full back Luke Shaw will see a specialist after damaging ligaments in his foot during the Premier League game against Swansea City, British media reported on Tuesday.
Shaw left the field nine minutes into the match at Old Trafford on Sunday, and manager Jose Mourinho said after the 1-1 draw that he suspected the 21-year-old had sustained a "big injury".
United, who also lost centre back Eric Bailly to injury during the match, have a lengthy casualty list, with defenders Phil Jones, Chris Smalling and Marcos Rojo all sidelined along with top scorer Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Shaw has endured a difficult time since returning from a double leg break that kept him out for nearly a year, with Mourinho publicly questioning his commitment and ambition earlier in the season.
United, who are fifth in the Premier League table, a point and a place behind Manchester City with four games to play, take on Celta Vigo in the first leg of their Europa League semi-final in Spain on Thursday.
(Reporting by Simon Jennings in Bengaluru, editing by Ed Osmond)
Jamie and Stoney Great Lakes Invitational Ticket GiveawayThe 53rd annual Great Lakes Invitational is coming to Little Caesars Arena on January 1-2, 2018. Michigan, Michigan State, Michigan Tech and Bowling Green will compete for the MacInnes Cup in this holiday tradition. Jamie and Stoney have your VIP access including four premium seats, a $100 gift certificate to Made in Detroit, a pre-game penalty box visit and a Great Lakes Invitational prize pack. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on December 20 from 6:00 am - 10:00 am for your chance to win.
WWJ Weekend Box Office 12/14/17 - DSO Ring Without Words
Miller Lite Appearance - Twin Peaks97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to give away Detroit Lions tickets. Come to the Twin Peaks in Southgate on December 15 from 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm for your chance to win a four-pack to see the Detroit Lions vs Green Bay on December 31 at Ford Field.
Jamie and Stoney Red Wings Ticket GiveawayChevrolet and 97.1 The Tickets have your tickets to see the Detroit Red Wings take on Toronto on December 15. Listen to Jamie and Stoney from 6:00 am - 10:00 am for your chance to win.
MALIBU, Calif. — Miles Reynolds scored 22 points on 8-for-13 shooting to lead Pacific to an 81-72 win over Pepperdine on Saturday night.
Roberto Gallinat added 19 points and Lafayette Dorsey had 16 for Pacific, which shot 53 per cent from the field to pick up its first back-to-back road wins since joining the West Coast Conference. Jahlil Tripp had nine points, nine rebounds and eight assists for the Tigers (12-13, 7-5).
Tied at 62-all late in the second half, Gallinat hit a jumper to spark a 5-1 spurt and put Pacific on top for good. Pepperdine tightened the gap to 67-65 on two free throws by Darnell Dunn with 5:30 left, but the Waves got no closer.
Eric Cooper Jr. had 19 points for Pepperdine (4-20, 1-11), which has lost 14 of its last 15 games. Kameron Edwards added 16 points and Matthew Atewe had 14 for the Waves.
Two people died after a home collapsed in North Carolina because of flooding and mudslides, wbtv.com reported.
The Boone Police Department confirmed that two people were inside the Watauga County home that collapsed Wednesday in Boone, N.C., according to wspa.com.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Video from Hickory Nut Gorge Brewery in Chimney Rock, NC shows the raging Rocky Broad River after heavy rains Tuesday, May 29, 2018. Several areas of western NC have reported flooding and mudslides as a result of heavy rain over the past 15 days. Hickory Nut Gorge Brewery
The collapse, which rescuers responded to about 5 p.m., is believed to have been caused by the severe weather in the area, wcnc.com reported.
Four to 7 inches of rain fell in the 24-hour period ending Wednesday morning, adding to ground already saturated by two weeks of rain that totaled 10 to 20 inches in parts of the mountains.
The police reported that an Urban Search and Rescue team from Asheville has been helping first responders, according to wataugademocrat.com.
"People in North Carolina need to continue to take these conditions seriously, because they are proving deadly," Gov. Roy Cooper said at a press briefing Wednesday afternoon.
The governor declared a state of emergency for North Carolina's mountain counties Wednesday.
HOUSTON - (Dec. 11, 2017) - Surgery to remove a part of the brain to give relief to patients with epilepsy doesn't always result in complete seizure relief, but statisticians at Rice University have developed a method for integrating neuroimaging scans to identify patients at high risk of continued seizures before the surgery takes place.
Rice statistician Marina Vannucci and lead author Sharon Chiang, an M.D./Ph.D. student at Rice and Baylor College of Medicine, worked with colleagues at Baylor, the University of California at Irvine and UCLA to develop a method for integrating functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) and positron emission tomography (PET) scans to find visual biomarkers that distinguish patients with the greatest likelihood of benefit.
Their hope is that with recent alternatives to resective surgery, including responsive neurostimulation, vagus nerve stimulation and thalamic stimulation, patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) can avoid anterior temporal lobe resection surgery that may not help them, or can undergo other procedures that are more likely to benefit them.
The study appears this month in Frontiers in Neuroscience.
Vannucci and Chiang built their model on data gathered from PET and resting-state fMRI scans for a total of 51 patients by the UCLA Seizure Disorder Center between 2007 and 2012. The center worked with Rice and Baylor to investigate suspicions that failure to attain seizure freedom after resection of the anterior temporal lobe in some patients with TLE originates in tissue connected through networks to the lobe.
Standard resection of the anterior temporal lobe cures or dramatically reduces seizures for many who undergo the surgery, but approximately 30 to 50 percent of patients continue to experience seizures after surgery.
Vannucci and Chiang previously used statistical techniques to analyze brain activity data from patients with epilepsy and control groups to gain new information about active networks in the brain. "We have been tackling this problem of trying to understand temporal lobe epilepsy from different angles," said Vannucci, a professor and chair of Rice's Department of Statistics.
This time, she said, they used the data to demonstrate that the recurrence of seizures after surgery, despite resection of the seizure-onset zone, may be due to either surgical disruption of fibers connected to previously normal brain tissue or incomplete resection of an epileptogenic network.
Their results identified a subgroup of patients with 5.8 times greater odds of experiencing postoperative seizures due to what the researchers suspect are differences in their underlying brain networks.
They suggested the occurrence of postoperative seizures could be due to remaining epilepsy networks after surgery. "This may lead us to better understand the brain networks that produce epilepsy and allow for the design of better treatments for those patients who do not have seizure freedom from the current operation," said Dr. John Stern, a co-author and professor of clinical neurology, director of the epilepsy clinical program and co-director of the Seizure Disorder Center at UCLA.
"Why some patients do well after epilepsy surgery and others who are similar in other respects do not have been an enduring mystery in epilepsy," said co-author Dr. Zulfi Haneef, an assistant professor of neurology at Baylor. "This study provides tantalizing evidence that the answer may lie in whole brain network interconnectivity."
Like the earlier study, this method was based on Bayesian probability, which does not provide definitive answers but "degrees of belief" based on the strength of the evidence. FMRI scans that produce maps of the brain's resting-state networks were also acquired from each patient in the study; the Rice team used them to help increase the amount of signal extracted from PET scan data.
"We vetted our model using data from all the patients, and then took one out to do a prediction on that patient's data, and then another one, and so on," Vannucci said. "We wanted to know if we could predict outcomes for one patient at a time, and it was pretty successful. Now we want to try the method on a bigger data set to see how robust the results are."
The Rice team is continuing to work with UCLA and Baylor to develop free software that neurologists and neurosurgeons can use to combine resting-state fMRI with presurgical PET scans, which should help further validate their results.
"With recent studies demonstrating the efficacy of less-invasive techniques such as laser ablation and neurostimulation, optimal selection of candidates for resective surgery is an important issue," Chiang said. "Improved statistical methods for integrating the various forms of imaging acquired during the presurgical workup may help in determining appropriate candidates for open resection versus other therapies."
###
Co-authors of the paper are Michele Guindani, an associate professor of statistics at the University of California, Irvine, and an adjunct associate professor at Rice; clinical researcher Hsiang Yeh; and clinical nurse specialist Sandra Dewar.
Support for the research was provided by the National Science Foundation; the National Library of Medicine Training Fellowship in Biomedical Informatics, Gulf Coast Consortia for Quantitative Biomedical Sciences; the National Institutes of Health; the Epilepsy Foundation of America; the Baylor Computational and Integrative Biomedical Research Center Seed Grant Awards; the Baylor Junior Faculty Seed Funding Program Grant; and the Leff Family Foundation.
Read the open-access study at http://www. frontiersin. org/ articles/ 10. 3389/ fnins. 2017. 00669/ full .
This news release can be found online at http://news. rice. edu/ 2017/ 12/ 11/ presurgical-imaging-may-predict-whether-epilepsy-surgery-will-work/
Follow Rice News and Media Relations via Twitter @RiceUNews
Related materials:
Statistic method shows networks differ in epileptic brains: http://news. rice. edu/ 2017/ 03/ 06/ statistics-method-shows-networks-differ-in-epileptic-brains/
Marina Vannucci: http://www. stat. rice. edu/ ~marina/
Rice University Department of Statistics: https:/ / statistics. rice. edu
George R. Brown School of Engineering: https:/ / engineering. rice. edu
Images for download:
http://news. rice. edu/ files/ 2017/ 12/ 1211_EPILEPSY-1-WEB-zbjipb. jpg
An illustration by Rice University statisticians based on a temporal lobe epilepsy dataset shows clear presurgical differences in the brains of patients in Cluster 1, who are more likely to be seizure-free one year after anterior temporal lobe resection, and those in Cluster 2, who are less likely to be seizure-free. The brighter blue regions of interest indicate greater interictal (the period between seizures) metabolic activity measured during PET scans. The regions are: (a) ipsilateral inferior parietal lobule, (b) contralateral inferior parietal lobule, (c) ipsilateral parieto-temporal cortex, (d) ipsilateral associative visual cortex, (e) contralateral associative visual cortex, (f) cerebellar vermis, (g) ipsilateral cerebellar hemisphere and (h) contralateral cerebellar hemisphere. (Credit: Vannucci Lab/Rice University)
http://news. rice. edu/ files/ 2017/ 12/ 1211_EPILEPSY-2-WEB-wy7rgn. jpg
Marina Vannucci. (Credit: Jeff Fitlow/Rice University)
http://news. rice. edu/ files/ 2017/ 12/ 1211_EPILEPSY-3a-WEB-2ecrovs. jpg
Sharon Chiang (Credit: Rice University)
Located on a 300-acre forested campus in Houston, Rice University is consistently ranked among the nation's top 20 universities by U.S. News & World Report. Rice has highly respected schools of Architecture, Business, Continuing Studies, Engineering, Humanities, Music, Natural Sciences and Social Sciences and is home to the Baker Institute for Public Policy. With 3,879 undergraduates and 2,861 graduate students, Rice's undergraduate student-to-faculty ratio is 6-to-1. Its residential college system builds close-knit communities and lifelong friendships, just one reason why Rice is ranked No. 1 for quality of life and for lots of race/class interaction and No. 2 for happiest students by the Princeton Review. Rice is also rated as the best value among private universities by Kiplinger's Personal Finance. To read "What they're saying about Rice," go to http://tinyurl. com/ RiceUniversityoverview .
Editor's note: Links to high-resolution images for download appear at the end of this release.
David Ruth
713-348-6327
david@rice.edu
Mike Williams
713-348-6728
mikewilliams@rice.edu
Scientists have a new explanation for why Earth's inner core remains solid - despite being hotter than the surface of the Sun. Turns out, it could be all down to the atomic architecture of the crystallised iron ball at Earth's centre.
Researchers suggest that this iron core exists in a never-before-seen atomic state that allows it to withstand the incredible temperatures and pressures found in the centre of our planet – and if they're right, it could solve a mystery that's puzzled scientists for decades.
A team from the KTH Royal Institute of Technology in Sweden used Triolith – one of the country's largest supercomputers – to simulate what atomic processes might be happening some 6,400 kilometres (4,000 miles) beneath our feet.
As with any metal, the atomic-scale structures in iron change depending on temperature and pressure. At room temperature and under normal pressure, iron is in what's called a body-centered cubic (BCC) phase; under high pressure, it switches to a hexagonal close packed (HCP) phase.
These technical terms describe the arrangement of atoms inside the metal, which in turn affects its strength and other properties, such as whether it stays solid or not.
Until now, it was thought the solid, crystallised iron at Earth's core was in an HCP arrangement, because conditions were just too unstable for BCC.
The new research turns that on its head, suggesting that the environment at the centre of the planet actually strengthens this BCC arrangement, rather than breaking it up.
"Under conditions in Earth's core, BCC iron exhibits a pattern of atomic diffusion never before observed," says one of the researchers, Anatoly Belonoshko.
"The BCC phase goes by the motto: 'What does not kill me makes me stronger.' The instability kills the BCC phase at low temperature, but makes the BCC phase stable at high temperature."
Belonoshko likens the extreme atomic activity of the iron at the centre of Earth to cards being shuffled in a deck – while the atoms might be getting shuffled incredibly rapidly due to the high forces of temperature and pressure, the deck remains intact.
And those forces really are remarkable: 3.5 million times the pressure we experience at the surface, along with temperatures some 6,000°C (10,800°F) hotter than those we experience at the surface.
The data crunched by Triolith also shows that 96 percent of Earth's inner core is likely to be made up of iron – a higher figure than previous estimates, with nickel and other light elements making up the rest.
Another mystery that could be solved by the latest research is why seismic waves travel faster between the poles than through the equator – a feature technically known as anisotropy – which means something organised in one particular direction, like grains in wood.
The researchers say the behaviour of BCC iron under the intense conditions at Earth's core could be enough to create large-scale anisotropic effects, opening up another avenue for scientists to explore in the future.
It's important to note that these hypotheses are based on specific simulations of Earth's internal movements, and separate teams running different models based on different calculations could end up with results that are incompatible with these conclusions.
Until we can figure out how to get actual instruments down there, we'll never be 100 percent sure that the calculations are correct - and with the kinds of pressures and temperatures that are thought to exist down there, we might never have direct evidence of the core's activity.
But it's important research to pursue, despite the challenges, because once we know more about the inner workings of Earth, we can make better predictions about what will happen next.
"The ultimate goal of earth sciences is to understand the past, present and future of the Earth," says Belonoshko, "and our prediction allows us to do just that."
The findings are published in Nature Geoscience.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
The child was abducted, raped, and killed in a brutal crime that remains unresolved. Indians are now outraged as officials pledge to investigate.
A horrific crime involving a six-year-old has been reported in India, proving that authorities have done little to protect the most vulnerable. Now, the country is, once again, demanding that authorities do all in their power to hold the attackers accountable.
Read More Man Rapes Woman In Broad Daylight On A Busy Pavement As People Look On
The attackers who brutally raped and murdered a six-year-old child in Haryana, India, are still on the loose. Authorities believe that two people were behind the crime.
The child was abducted on Dec. 8, but police found the girl's body on Sunday close to where her family lives. The girl was subject to such horrific violence that her injuries are causing outrage among Indians. Unfortunately, this isn't the first time that such a violent rape case made the news in the country.
In 2012, a 23-year-old woman was gang-raped by six people in a bus in which she was traveling. She eventually died due to the severe injuries she sustained in the assault, prompting several Indians to take it to the streets in protest against rape. Due to the public pressure, the government eventually introduced tougher laws to curb rape,including instituting the death penalty to convicted rapists and yet, cases such as the one involving the Haryana child continue to occur.
In the recent case, authorities have yet to find the culprits. So far, at least three friends of the child's father have been detained for questioning, but the police have not been able to name the murderer or murderers.
The child's mom, Manoj Dhaka, told reporters that the horrific death of her child must be resolved.
“It's been 24 hours and the police are yet to catch anyone,” she said.
The night the child was abducted, her father, who's a rag picker, had been absent due to work but her mother was in the house. The next morning, the woman woke up to find that one of her daughters had gone missing. The young girl has three other siblings, two boys and one girl. The family lives in a plot of land that is shared by four other families. Authorities believe that the rapists are local.
While police put together a special investigative team to find out who's behind this brutal crime, the girl's family is saying that that alone isn't enough. Instead, they want the federal police to be involved as they claim local authorities are not capable of handling the issue.
Unfortunately, India has been plagued by horrific cases of rape such as this, making the country a dangerous place for women and children.
Amnesty International has called for more “robust systems” to be put in place to put an end to the ongoing rape crisis, which has been identified as being part of an “out-of-control epidemic.”
It's terribly tragic to learn of so many women and children being targeted with impunity. Perhaps, change will only come to India once pressure from all corners of the globe intensifies.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man has been found guilty of sexually assaulting three young girls.
William Moore, 61, - known as Bill - of Cedar Grove, in Macclesfield, was found guilty of rape and indecent assault.
The court heard Moore had groomed his victims.
On the final day of the trial the court heard a transcript of a police interview with one of the victims.
She told the police Moore would ask her to take pictures of herself and send them to him.
The woman said in her interview that Moore also made her have sex with him.
She said: “He told me not to tell my mum or dad. I feel upset and frustrated about what he had done to me.
“He forced me. I was crying.
“I told him I didn't want to do it but he just said it doesn't matter.”
In her interview with police she said Moore had sex with her when she was underage.
She added: “This did happen, he did have sex with me and told me not to tell my parents.
“I am not making this up. I just want everybody to know it.”
When police searched his home the court heard that they found underwear belonging to one of the victims in Moore's bedside table.
In a statement from Moore, read out in court by the judge, he said the three victims had made everything up.
He also denied taking photographs of one of the young girls.
He said: “I don't know how those photographs got on my phone, she must have taken them.
“I would rather have a cup of tea than have sexual intercourse with somebody.
“I am not desperate, I have done nothing wrong. I am not a paedophile.”
Moore denied all charges and was found guilty of rape, indecent assault, indecency with a child and one count of sexual activity with a child and one count of perverting the course of justice.
Moore was remanded in custody and was due to be sentenced on Friday, June 15.
Prem Sikka finds Hammond's industrial strategy an empty wish list
The UK economy continues to suffer from low productivity, low investment, short-termism, light-touch regulation, a weakening of its industrial base and low wages accompanied by unprecedented fat-cattery at the top. This requires a radical overhaul of economy policy, state intervention and governance of companies. Rather than addressing deep-seated problems, the government's White Paper ‘Industrial Strategy: Building a Britain fit for the future ' is more of a wish list rather than a concerted effort to meet the challenges.
The expression ‘industrial strategy' conjures up an image of a substantial manufacturing sector. Yet the government offers no means of securing it. This is because of its hatred of public investment. Historically, the UK economy has been built by a mixture of private investment and direct state intervention. All too often, the private sector has shown little appetite for long-term risks and the state had to build airlines, telecommunications, engineering, biotechnology, nuclear and computer industries. It also reinvigorated railways, water, gas, electricity, shipbuilding and many others. The same will be necessary again not only to renew infrastructure but also to invest in new technologies, green industries, artificial intelligence and much more.
Don't Leave it to Shareholders
A focus on the long-term is a key ingredient for any industrial renaissance, but is neglected by the government's White Paper. The UK's shareholder-centric model of corporate governance has been dogged by short-termism as shareholders push for quick returns. Shareholders provide a small fraction of total capital, at banks it is less than 10%, but enjoy 100% of the controlling rights. They have hollowed-out companies. Andrew Haldane, the Bank of England's chief economist has noted that in 1970, UK companies paid out about £10 out of each £100 of profits in dividends, but by 2015 the amount was between £60 and £70, often accompanied by a squeeze on labour and investment. He added that “Among UK companies, share buybacks have consistently exceeded share issuance over the past decade”. Short-termism has incubated economic failures.
The European Commission's analysis of the 2007-2008 banking crash concluded that “the majority of shareholders are passive and are often only focused on short-term profits”. In 2013, UK's Banking Standards Commission concluded that “shareholders failed to control risk-taking in banks, and indeed were criticising some for excessive conservatism” . It urged the government to “consult on a proposal to amend Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 to remove shareholder primacy in respect of banks, requiring directors of banks to ensure the financial safety and soundness of the company ahead of the interests of its members” . There have been no reforms.
Diluting shareholder control is a key requirement for rejuvenation of the economy. One possibility is to introduce a minimum qualifying period (e.g. twelve or six months) for shareholding before any shareholder can vote. This would prevent speculators from exerting pressure on directors to indulge in share buybacks, payment of excessive dividends and divestment programmes.
Stakeholders on Boards
The above alone won't change the internal culture of corporations. This necessarily means changing the composition of company boards and give rights and powers to those with a long-term interest, including employees, in the wellbeing of companies. The Conservative government has made some cosmetic noises. The latest draft of the revised Code of Corporate Governance, published by the Financial Reporting Council with government backing, rules out direct employee representation on company boards. Instead, it offers three possibilities: assign a non-executive director to represent employees; create an employee advisory council or nominate a director from the workforce. This tokenism cannot prioritise the long-term.
Within the European Union countries, there are two broad models of governance: the single-tier system combining executive and non-executive functions in one ‘unitary board'; and the two-tier system distinguishing between an ‘Executive Board' and a ‘Supervisory Board' which must oversee the executives and confirm the decisions of executives on major issues. The two-tier supervisory board system predominates in almost half of EU member states, such as Germany, Austria, the Czech Republic, Hungary and Slovakia. The supervisory board has representatives of employees and shareholders.
The single-tier system with places for employee representatives as non-executives is established in France (companies are allowed to choose either the two-tier or the unitary board), Norway, Sweden and many other states. Where there is a very high density of trade union membership, as in Sweden, employee representatives are usually trade union representatives appointed or elected by trade union members in a company. Elsewhere they are employees elected by the entire workforce often in separate sectional votes. In some companies, worker directors are appointed on a voluntary basis.
The unitary board system has serious drawbacks. Unless employees and other stakeholders occupy a substantial proportion of the board, they risk being marginalised and will almost always lose all votes. On such boards, there is no easy way of differentiating between those decisions that are essentially about day-to-day management and those that affect the longer term strategy or future of the company.
The two-tier system is commonly associated with Germany. This was formally adopted in 1976 and confirmed by the Expert Commission reports in 2006 and 2014 to have contributed to the maintenance of a national manufacturing base, high investment and value-added economy. In Germany, enterprises having more than 500 or 2000 employees are represented in the Supervisory Board, which is composed of employee representatives to one-third or to one-half respectively. For enterprises with more than 2000 employees, the Chairman of the Supervisory Board, who, for all practical purposes, is a representative of the shareholders, has the casting vote in the case of split resolutions.
The two-tier system emphasises the need for co-operation amongst stakeholders to generate and share wealth. It separates the executive and supervisory roles. The Executive Board makes day-to-day decisions within a strategic context established by the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board makes longer-term strategic decisions, notably the allocation of resources between dividends and investment, take-overs and mergers, divestment, executive remuneration packages and much more. Trade unions continue to pursue collective bargaining within the statutory framework.
The system permits the replacement of the current system for appointing supposedly independent non-executive directors, often friends of executives, with fairly elected representatives of all stakeholders, including shareholders. The membership of the Supervisory Board can be extended to include other stakeholders. For example, the names and addresses of customers at water, gas and electricity companies, as well banks can easily be identified. They can act as a constituency and elect directors to represent their concerns at Supervisory Boards.
Despite the banking crash, failures of the gig economy and scandals at BHS and Sports Direct, the UK is yet to have a serious discussion about reforming corporate governance to build a sustainable economy. The Conservatives are not keen on employee and consumer elected directors. Labour party and trade unions have been surprisingly absent from the debate. Perhaps, after the electoral performance in the 2017 election, Labour would be buoyed to call for radical reforms.
Prem Sikka is Professor of Accounting and Finance, University of Sheffield
& Emeritus Professor of Accounting, University of Essex
