Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Drivers are being urged to be prepared before setting out on their journeys this evening and into tomorrow morning, after the Met Office issued a yellow warning for ice.
Temperatures are likely to fall rapidly below freezing later this evening (Monday, December 11) across much of the country.
The alert is in place from 4pm today until 11am on Tuesday morning, and Highways England will be working around the clock this evening and into the early hours to treat its motorways and major A-roads and keep them free from disruption.
Highways England's national winter and severe weather team leader, Paul Furlong, said: “We will be working around the clock to keep our roads open and free from disruption.
“Drivers are encouraged to drive to the conditions and reduce their speed as appropriate and should plan their journeys, monitor weather reports and pack a snow kit of blankets, food, water and a shovel as well as any essentials such as medication.”
The Bath Chronicle has launched a WhatsApp group to help you keep up to date with the latest news. If you'd like to receive breaking news alerts, save the number 07939 497390 to your phone - we recommend saving the contact as 'Bath Chronicle News' - then send the word NEWS to us via WhatsApp. We will send you a maximum of four messages a day and your phone number won't be shared with other members of the group or used for any other purpose.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
VANTAGE, Wash. -- Crews are working to contain a brush fire that is impacting traffic on Interstate 90 in central Washington.
The Washington State Patrol said the fire near Vantage grew to 1,500 acres overnight but is now under control.
State troopers say one lane of the highway reopened in each direction Monday morning. Fire crews are still using up to one lane of each direction as they work to contain the fire.
I-90 is now OPEN, BUT @wsdot has one lane still closed in each direction. #SlowDown for crews still in area. https://t.co/QUoVNABK0M — Trooper Brian Moore (@wspd6pio) August 14, 2017
It is unclear what caused the fire.
In a separate incident Sunday morning, a semi fire on the bridge across the Columbia River forced the freeway to be shut down for several hours.
This is a developing story and will be updated.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
MONTREAL — Defenceman Jeff Petey scored two goals as the Montreal Canadiens ended a three-game losing streak with a 5-2 victory over the Anaheim Ducks on Saturday afternoon.
Logan Shaw, Joe Morrow and David Schlemko also scored for the Canadiens (21-25-6), who will play host to the Ottawa Senators on Sunday afternoon.
Corey Perry and Rikard Rakell scored for Anaheim (25-18-10), which was coming off an overtime loss in Ottawa on Thursday night.
The Ducks outshot Montreal 45-29, but Antti Niemi, starting in place of Carey Price, made several brilliant stops to pick up his second win in a row since his last start on Jan. 19 against Washington.
Canadiens forward Jonathan Drouin left the game early in the second period Saturday afternoon after being hit by a slapshot from teammate Karl Alzner.
The Ducks led 9-0 in shots just under six minutes into the game, but the Canadiens then scored three times on seven attempts to chase starter Ryan Miller at 10:13 in favour of Reto Berra, who was called up on Friday to replace the injured John Gibson.
Shaw, who was claimed on waivers from Anaheim on Jan. 15, scored his first as a Canadien at 6:16 when he banged in a Byron Froese pass from the edge of the crease. Morrow added one on a power play on a one-timer of Victor Mete's pass from the right point at 8:17.
Alex Galchenyuk slid a pass to Schlemko to score from the slot at 10:13.
Berra lunged for but couldn't reach Petry's slow moving shot along the ice 3:45 into the second frame.
Perry put Anaheim on the board during a two-man advantage at 8:32 as he beat Niemi from the edge of the crease and Rakell followed in to score on Nick Ritchie's rebound at 12:15.
The motion to reconsider the Singing River Health System pension settlement agreement has been rejected by federal Judge Louis Guirola of Gulfport.
The appeal was filed by attorneys Harvey Barton and Earl Denham on Thursday afternoon, and was denied by the judge Friday. Barton and Denham represent more than 200 Singing River Health System retirees who do not want to be part of the class action settlement.
That settlement was approved by Judge Guirola eight days ago.
Under the agreement, the health system will be required to pay $150 million into the beleaguered pension fund over the next 35 years.
In addition, Jackson County will contribute $13 million to help offset uncompensated care at the health system. Meanwhile, the pension fund is in danger of going under with liabilities of $328 million and assets of $123 million.
That means any final resolution will probably mean retirees will not get 100% of the money they were promised.
According to special fiduciary Tracie Christian, if benefits are not reduced by about 40%, the fund will go bankrupt by 2025.
Harvey Barton told WLOX News Now he plans on appealing this latest ruling to the fifth US Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans. The deadline to do so is 30 days.
This will be the second time this process has taken place in the past year.
Meanwhile, the US Supreme Court has agreed to take up the pension fund case in conference at a hearing on February 16th. Even so, that does not mean the high court will agree to hear the case.
Copyright 2018 WLOX . All rights reserved.
With the conclusion of the recent legislative session, Arizona's public universities celebrated the most significant influx of state financial support in recent memory.
Specifically, the state of Arizona's 25-year commitment of $27 million annually to fund capital infrastructure will generate nearly $1 billion to invest in new university buildings, research facilities and overdue repairs and refurbishments. We salute Gov. Doug Ducey and the bipartisan coalition of legislators who made it happen.
Those of us who have been in the policy mix a long time noticed something different this year. For the first time since I can remember, advocates for public K-12 education openly opposed higher education funding. These weren't rogue factions; they were longtime university supporters and respected voices who argued, despite a decade of reductions in state aid to universities, that K-12's needs were simply more urgent and of higher priority than those of the universities.
Nobody disputes K-12 education is the state's top budget priority. Look at the numbers: In 2007, K-12 expenditures represented 39 percent of the state general fund. Ten years later, K-12 is still the state's single largest line item, at 42 percent of the general fund.
So, why the new angst between advocates of K-12 and higher education? For starters, at $9.6 billion, the state general fund remains about the same size as it was in 2007.
During that time, Arizona added more than a half-million new state residents. That means more people requiring more state services. Our correctional system added 7,000 inmates (a 19 percent increase); 800,000 additional enrollees joined our Medicaid program (76 percent increase); and Arizona's K-12 population grew by 67,000 students (7 percent increase). Of course, higher education has also grown, with Arizona's three public universities adding 48,000 students (43 percent increase).
Amid all of this escalating demand for state services, the overall general fund has not kept pace and has actually become a much smaller slice of total state spending. That's because billions of dollars flow through state coffers each year, increasing total state spending. These dollars are mostly dedicated for specific items such as health care and transportation and often require growing levels of matching general funds. In 2007, the general fund comprised 38 percent of all state spending. Today, the general fund represents just a quarter of the total state budget.
What this means is the federal government has in many ways become the dominant player in Arizona's state budget process. You can see it in the final product. In 2007, K-12 and health care (i.e., Medicaid and public health) were the top budget priorities on a percentage basis – health care at 28 percent of the budget and K-12 at 22 percent.
Just a decade later, health care now accounts for 33 percent of the total budget; K-12 has shrunk to just 17 percent. Even if you combine K-12 and higher education, they still represent a smaller portion of the total state budget (31 percent) than health care alone.
Given these seismic fiscal shifts, it's understandable why every dollar is so precious – and how the appropriations process is beginning to pit “friends” against one another. As the demand for state services grows and as the federal government takes over more and more of the state's spending agenda, the demand for general fund dollars will only become more intense. At the same time, our growing state and flourishing economy will continue to demand an even more highly educated workforce.
At a time like this, it is critical that public education advocates view K-12 and higher education for what they are – consistent, essential ingredients of an educated populace and strong economy. This is not an “either/or” situation.
More unity, not less, among Arizona's business, community and education leaders, especially those who have stood for health care accessibility, is what will be needed to ensure Arizona students have a winning opportunity for a quality and affordable public education at every level.
— Eileen Klein is President of the Arizona Board of Regents.
___________________________________________________________
The views expressed in guest commentaries are those of the author and are not the views of the Arizona Capitol Times.
Posted by admin on February 4, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
The logo of German airline Lufthansa is seen before the company's annual news conference at the airport in Munich, Germany, March 16, 2017. REUTERS/Michaela Rehle
BERLIN Lufthansa (LHAG.DE) is due to receive five A320neo jets this year, a spokeswoman said on Thursday, half the number it originally expected, as delivery delays hamper the Airbus (AIR.PA) plane.
Lufthansa, which was the first airline to operate the A320neo and took delivery of five of the jets in 2016, had said at the end of December that it expected 10 of the medium-haul planes this year.
A spokeswoman said Lufthansa was now expecting five this year, with the next one slated to arrive in the summer.
That could affect Lufthansa's capex plans for this year. The airline said in March it expected to spend 2.7 billion euros (2.29 billion pounds) this year.
Airbus delivered 12 A320neos in March to bring the 2017 total to 26, but deliveries remain behind schedule due mainly to problems with engines from Pratt & Whitney (UTX.N), one of two suppliers.
Lufthansa Group has ordered 116 of the A320neo family jets in total, with around half to have Pratt engines and the other half engines made by CFM, a joint venture between GE (GE.N) and Safran (SAF.PA).
(Reporting by Victoria Bryan; Editing by Christoph Steitz)
One year after organizing with IAM, Cadence workers say threats were hollow
The following is from Machinists Union District Lodge 751 and was posted on their Machinists News blog:
EVERETT (Feb. 14, 2017) — After one year of membership in the Machinists Union, union stewards at Cadence Aerospace-Giddens have this advice for workers at companies in the midst of union votes: Don't believe what the company's anti-union consultants say. About anything.
“None of it came true,” said Union Steward Gary Naple. “Nobody lost their job. The company's still here. Our wages went up — they didn't go down. We were told that we wouldn't have an open line of communication with management, but it's 100 times better than it was.”
Feb. 16 will mark the one-year anniversary of the date Cadence-Giddens workers ratified their first union contract as members of Machinists Union District Lodge 751. They approved the agreement with a 72-percent “yes” vote. The contract covers about 240 workers who produce precision-machined aerospace components, subassemblies and kits, and do sheet-metal forming for parts that go on Boeing, Airbus and Gulfstream jets.
This month, they'll get their first general wage increases specified under the contract, of 2.5 percent.
For Union Steward John Combs, it will be the second-biggest raise he's received in his nine years at the company. The biggest raise was the 85 cents an hour all Cadence-Giddens workers got when they ratified the contract a year ago.
“A lot of people had gone a couple of years with no raises at all,” he said. “Now they realize they've got raises coming, and they're starting to get excited.”
In addition, the stewards say they've gained from locking in health care cost shares for three years. A new pay schedule raised entry-level wages $1.50 an hour, plus workers got back a 401(k) match that management had taken away. That combination means each Cadence-Giddens worker will take home thousands of dollars they wouldn't have had without a union contract, the stewards said.
Besides the better pay, all of the workers are enjoying a bit more job security, because they are “just-cause” employees instead of “at-will” workers who can be fired at any time.
“Arbitrary firings and write-ups have stopped,” Naple said.
Union Steward Mike Powell said communication with all levels of management has improved. “They actually come and get me and let me know when changes are coming.”
Instead of knocking heads, union stewards have been working with Human Resources and managers to reduce workplace conflicts, Naple said.
Perhaps the greatest testament to the improved relationship is the fact that our union did not file a single grievance in the first year.
“We do have a form for it,” joked Business Rep Greg Campos, who represents the Cadence-Giddens workers.
That doesn't mean stewards aren't fighting for their members. Naple said he went to a manager about a safety issue that had been ignored for years — and it got fixed within a week. Combs said he recently worked with a manager to get an overtime issue resolved on the spot.
It wasn't always this way. Before unionizing, Combs said certain managers would pick on workers. Nobody complained, Naple said, because “if you spoke out, you were treated as someone who needed to be walked out of the building.”
When workers decided to unionize, management didn't play nice. Anti-union consultants tried to scare Cadence-Giddens workers out of voting for the union, saying the plant would lose work and might just close.
“They started clearing out a space in the shipping department,” Naple said. “They said ‘When you guys unionize, all this work is going away'.”
But the stewards said hourly employment at Cadence-Giddens is virtually unchanged since February 2016, and the company has been able to win new work.
All in all, the situation is “completely opposite” of what the anti-union consultants said would happen if Cadence-Giddens workers unionized, said Campos.
“It's been very good,” he said. “Together, we're fostering better communication. We want to work together with management so that the company is profitable, while we make sure it does the right thing for the employees.”
Naple agreed. “I can't think of one thing that went sour because we unionized, and I can't think of one thing that came true that the union-busters said would happen.”
Originally formed in 1935 by hourly workers at the Boeing Co., District Lodge 751 of the International Association of Machinists & Aerospace Workers now represents more than 31,000 working men and women at 53 employers across Washington and California. Think you'd be better off working under a union contract? Click here to contact an IAM 751 representative about how to join the Machinists Union.
VIDEO: Watch Cadence Union Stewards Gary Naple and Mike Powell talk about their experience with anti-union campaigns in this commercial for Boeing South Carolina workers.
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON, June 14 Steve Scalise, the Republican leader wounded in a gunman's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game, is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives.
On Friday, we finally got the much-promised memo crafted by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) that allegedly blows the top off of the "deep state" conspiracy within the Justice Department aimed at discrediting Donald Trump's presidency.
Scroll for more content...
It was, um, less than promised.-There were any number of allegations in it, but very few indisputable facts.
What was more interesting to me was how Trump reacted to the memo.
"I think it's a disgrace," he said. "What's going on in this country, I think it's a disgrace." He added, "A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves and much worse than that."
In case you were wondering who Trump meant about being "ashamed of themselves," he made himself very clear soon after.
Asked whether he had confidence in Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein in the wake of the memo -- it showed that Rosenstein had approved at least one FISA warrant aimed at surveilling one-time Trump aide Carter Page -- Trump responded: "You figure that one out."
As CNN's Kevin Liptak reports: "One official said the President blames Rosenstein for the current state of the Russia probe and "is unlikely to ever get beyond it."
So, let's review. Trump has fired one FBI director. He has repeatedly bad-mouthed his own attorney general, Jeff Sessions. He is vague about whether to keep Rosenstein on but almost certainly won't forgive the deputy attorney general. He publicly pressured deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe to resign. He rejected the advice of Rosenstein and FBI Director Christopher Wray, Trump's handpicked replacement for Comey, not to release the Nunes memo.
The Point: It's not too much to say that Trump is at open war with his own Justice Department. And we've never seen anything like that before.
Read Friday's full edition of The Point.
JUST days after being knocked out of the French Open in the first round, Australian Bernard Tomic has been labelled tennis' party animal by former world No. 1 Marat Safin.
The two-time major winner told L'Equipe that Tomic “holds all the [partying] records from what I heard.”
Asked where Tomic's priorities were, Safin put it simply: “It's party, party, party … then tennis.”
The Aussie was winless since January before his unexpected revival on the European clay, but did little to prove his doubters wrong.
After losing 6-4, 5-7, 6-4, 6-4 to Argentinian Marco Trungelliti, who had driven 1,000km from Barcelona to play the first-round tie, Tomic then conducted a surly news conference with exasperated reporters.
Tomic said he planned to return to his Monte Carlo base, but declined to discuss his grass-court prospects ahead of Wimbledon starting in early July.
Some red, white and blue apparel offered on Walmart's website from third-party sellers this holiday week may have American shoppers feeling a little less than united.
The online site is selling T-shirts with “IMPEACH 45” emblazoned across the front in big capital letters — a call to bring down the 45th U.S. president, Donald Trump. The shirts that come in several shades — plus similar baby onesies and even frisbees — have the Twitter-sphere in a frenzy and spurred a grassroots call to boycott the world's biggest retailer. The hashtag #BoycottWalmart even began trending on Twitter.
The T-shirts aren't being sold by Walmart itself, but by third-party sellers including Old Glory and Teespring Inc. Third-party sellers can sign up to advertise products on Walmart's website, and the retail giant gets a commission on each sale.
A spokesman for Walmart didn't immediately respond to requests for comment.
As news outlets began to report on the shirts, some of the listings were no longer available. Still, there were plenty of anti-Trump merchandise, including items calling for his impeachment, available from other sellers. Third-party sellers on the website also offer a slew of other politicized products, including “IMPEACH OBAMA” and “IMPEACH NIXON” license plates.
Amazon.com had oodles of impeachment merchandise, too. There were “Impeach 45” football jerseys, tank tops and sweatshirts.
It's not the first time Walmart has gotten into hot water for controversial t-shirts for sale on its website. Last year, the retailer came under fire after a third-party seller offered T-shirts that suggested killing journalists. The T-shirts read: “Rope. Tree. Journalist. Some assembly required.”
Katherine Heigl is a mama on the move — and she's got the gear to support it.
The 38-year-old mother of three posted a snap to Instagram over the weekend, showing off her multitasking skills while wearing her 7-month-old son Joshua Bishop in a super cute yellow baby carrier with a heart pattern.
“The truth is, said baby started pitching a fit moment after this pic was taken and the whole DIY project went up in smoke until I put him down for his nap,” Heigl captioned the photo honestly.
Even though motherhood isn't always easy, at least the actress and lifestyle blogger is prepared with her trusty carrier: the Baby Tula Free-to-Grow carrier in Play, which retails for $159 at Target.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
RELATED VIDEO: Katherine Heigl Opens Up About Experiencing Her First Pregnancy
Want to channel the Grey's Anatomy alum's super-mom moments, but have a different look in mind? Check out five of our favorite Baby Tulas below!
Shop It! Baby Tula Free-to-Grow Baby Carrier in Connect ($159), nordstrom.com
Shop It! Baby Tula Ergonomic Carrier in Shenandoah ($139), amazon.com
Shop It! Baby Tula Ergonomic Carrier in Archer ($149), amazon.com
FROM PEN: Katherine Heigl Introduces Baby Joshua
RELATED GALLERY: Diaper (Bag!) Duty: 5 Luxe Carryalls for the Super Stylish Mom and Dad
Shop It! Baby Tula Free-to-Grow Baby Carrier in Wonder ($159), amazon.com
Shop It! Baby Tula Ergonomic Free-to-Grow Baby Carrier in Discover ($159), amazon.com
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
SPRINGFIELD, Ill. (AP) - The state fire marshal is urging Illinois residents to test smoke alarms and prepare a family emergency escape plan after an unusually high number of people died in fires last month.
Scroll for more content...
In 2017, 84 people died due to fire and 131 people were injured.
In January of this year, 21 people died and 21 were injured. State Fire Marshal Matt Perez says the major causes of fatalities are heating issues and careless use of smoking materials.
Perez says practicing fire safety saves lives.
He says people should test their smoke and carbon monoxide alarms monthly and change the batteries at least twice a year. Perez also urges people to have two ways to escape their home in case of emergency, and never to use an oven to heat a home.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Lucknow: A day after a group of French tourists were assaulted in Uttar Pradesh's Mirzapur, five more accused were arrested on Monday and sent to prison, taking to eight the total number of people arrested for the crime.
A local court sent the accused to 14 days judicial custody.
A senior Mirzapur police official that Varanasi resident Riya Dutta had come to visit Lakhania Dari along with her family members and some foreigner friends on Sunday when a group of youngsters from Varanasi misbehaved with them. When the family resisted, they were assaulted and beaten up.
The police official further said that when the foreign tourists, still seated in the car, came out and tried to restore calm, they were also assaulted but sustained no injuries. Officials also said that the statement of the French nationals that they were not beaten up has been video recorded and preserved for future probe.
A probe has also been ordered by the district police as to where were the PAC troopers and local policemen at the time of the incident as they should have been there at the tourist spot. Additional SP, A.K. Singh will conduct the enquiry.
Minister of External Affairs (MEA) Sushma Swaraj on Monday sought a report from the Uttar Pradesh Government on the alleged thrashing incident.
"I have asked for a report from Government of Uttar Pradesh," Swaraj Tweeted.
The sun shines threw the Crown Ether art installation as festivalgoers rest on the polo field at Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in Indio on Saturday, April 15, 2017. Watchara Phomicinda/Staff Photographer
With the first weekend of the 2017 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in the rearview mirror, here's a look the hits and misses of the event watched by tens of thousands at the Empire Polo Club in Indio and even more online via YouTube. Coachella returns to the desert with Radiohead, Lady Gaga and Kendrick Lamar for another sold out weekend beginning Friday, April 21.
1. Coolest stage set: Kendrick Lamar
The Sunday night headliner had a new production design that included a video screen that was sort of a movable ceiling that could be lowered up and down and have images project down from it. As a bonus, he also had three video segments throughout that were done like an old Bruce Lee-era kung fu movie: “The Adventures of Kung Fu Kenny,” which started Lamar as Kenny a.k.a. the Black Turtle, which led to ninja dancers on stage with him at one point.
2. Most practical costume: Lady Gaga's unitard
Lady Gaga had plenty of costume changes, but they were all over her black unitard, which allowed her to dance, play guitar and keytar and jump into the audience with ease. Also, where did she get those tights? All of that dancing and suggestive writhing and she had no runs in them at all. We see an infomercial in her future.
3. Best explanation for sound issues: Aliens
Radiohead battled through some major sound problems on Friday night, with the music cutting out multiple times. Singer Thom Yorke blamed alien interference, but then they played “Creep” and all was forgiven.
4. Best singalong: Hans Zimmer
The award-winning movie composer was so embraced by the Coachella faithful that he got his own Snapchat filter Sunday. But the crowd that mobbed his evening performance at the Outdoor Theatre actually sang along to the instrumental “Pirates of the Caribbean” score. Then everyone sang along to “The Lion King.” Coachella went Disney in the most Coachella way possible. Oh, and later, Hans Zimmer brought out Pharrell, too.
5. Weirdest set props: Travis Scott
The young rapper had throngs flocking to his Outdoor Theatre set Sunday night where he started the night with multiple cardboard cutouts of himself on stage. And then there were trees and giant bird cages. By the end of the night, Scott was rapping with his permanent Auto-Tune sound atop a giant bird that had red eyes and flapped its wings.
6. Best place to feel like you're in a cartoon: Sonora Tent
With street art covering the walls and colorful cacti sculptures, Coachella's newest stage is part hip-club, part '90s Nickelodeon cartoon.
It was also the home to some rock acts like Guided by Voices and T.S.O.L., getting ever more rare at Coachella as the fest trends towards electronic dance music. Plus, it had couches and air conditioning.
7. Best blasts from the past: Todd Rundgren and Michael McDonald
A pair of stars who released great albums long before most of the attendees at Coachella were even born were among the true surprise guests at the fest.
Advertisement
On Friday, Rundgren joined the Lemon Twigs for “Couldn't I Just Tell You” from his landmark “Something/Anything?,” ending with the icon shouting, “Twiiiiigs!” as a blessing for these young carriers of the power pop glam rock torch.
The next day, former Doobie Brother and always smooth singer McDonald joined eclectic bassist Thundercat for “Show You the Way” from Thundercat's new album “Drunk” and the Doobies' classic “What A Fool Believes.”
8. Earliest dance party: Quitapenas
The Inland Empire-based band's name means without worries, and people let them go during the Latin and tropical flavored dance party in the Sonora tent at 1 p.m. Saturday afternoon when people are generally too hung over to even bother showing up at the venue, let alone dance. Not this crowd. Quitapenas had the audience creating an impromptu limbo line followed by multiple conga lines.
9. Most likely take over the Richard Simmons torch: Francis and the Lights
Synthesized fun on Friday was led by Francis and the Lights in the Mojave tent. Call it “Sweatin' to the Coachella Hits.” Oddly enough, it was the coolest day, temperature-wise.
10. Biggest comeback: Drake
Future's Saturday night main stage set served as a redemptive return for Drake, whose headlining show two years ago fell flat, perhaps only memorable for the untoward and unwanted soul-sucking kiss Madonna planted on Drake when she showed up as a guest. Here, his energy was far better and the expected charisma of Drake clearly on display.
11. Oddest place to hear Bon Jovi: Sahara Tent
For real, DJ and producer Marshmello was playing the New Jersey hair rockers' classic “Livin' on a Prayer” and everyone was singing along on Sunday night. And also, Blink-182 drummer and frequent Coachella special guest Travis Barker showed up at another point in the set.
12. Most intense: Future Islands
Singer Samuel Herring is one the most intense and physical performers around, singing with a guttural growl, and aggressively punching the air as he runs from one side of the stage to the other.
13. Biggest head-scratcher art: “is this what bring things into focus”
Are the candy-colored animal-like creatures unicorns? Piñatas? Rhinos? We have no idea, but everyone liked it on Instagram.
14. Worst fashion trend: Fishnet dresses
Often worn over bikini-style clothing, this fashion trend is impractical for a place where the temperature can swing 30 degrees in a day and wind gusts are common. Plus, you're going to have the worst tan lines ever.
15. Biggest change for 2017: The size
The biggest festival in the U.S. got even bigger, as Coachella expanded the grounds of the festival itself, moving stages to give more breathing room for more fans.
16. Best surprise: Hidden tiki bar
Deep within the Craft Beer Barn, away from the cocktail Cabin, there is a secret place called the PDTiki bar. If you go, expect to wait a long while.
17. Most shameless plug: Lady Gaga
Gaga debuted a new song Saturday night, “The Cure,” and ended her encore (after confetti, “Poker Face” and “Bad Romance”) with an announcement that the new song was available on iTunes.
More stories, photos from Coachella 2017:
• Photos: What it actually looks like to be at the festival
• Here's how the first Friday at Coachella went down
• Photos of the bands and their fans on Friday, Weekend 1
• Photos of Radiohead from weekend one
• Musical highlights from Saturday, Weekend 1
• Photos of the bands and their fans on Saturday, Weekend 1
• Who wore it best (or worst)? Photos of festival fashion
The memo from House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence (HPSCI) chairman Rep. Devin Nunes (R-CA), released finally on Friday after a massive buildup and protracted battle with Democrats and feds who fought its release, demonstrated widespread abuse by senior Department of Justice (DOJ) and law enforcement officials of federal spying capabilities.
It also demonstrates deep politicization inside the Justice Department and FBI, at the highest levels of federal law enforcement, showing a need for serious reforms so that law enforcement can never again abuse their powers for political purposes.
Perhaps the most important revelation, on page 3 of the four-page memo, is that this was all an effort by paid supporters of Democratic Presidential nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton's campaign and the Democratic National Committee to abuse the powers of the federal government to prevent a candidate they disliked, now President Donald Trump, from winning a presidential election.
Christopher Steele, the FBI source who was paid by Fusion GPS and law firm Perkins Coie, on behalf of the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign to draft the dossier that was used as a basis by the FBI to begin surveillance on Trump associate Carter Page, told a senior Justice Department that he was “desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about him not being president.” That was in September 2016.
It was not until later, in October 2016, when the Justice Department knew all of this—and more—that it took Steele's poorly-sourced dossier to the intelligence court to seek a warrant. And when it sought that warrant, the Justice Department abused its power by not informing the court that it knew all of this information and more.
Complicating matters even more is the fact that the wife of the senior DOJ official who Steele said that to was working for Fusion GPS as well at the time. Then-associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr, who the memo says is a “senior DOJ official who worked closely with Deputy Attorneys General [Sally] Yates and later [Rod] Rosenstein.” In other words, the highest levels of the Justice Department including the man currently responsible for overseeing Special Counsel Robert Mueller's investigation—Rod Rosenstein—are personally conflicted in this matter.
“Shortly after the election, the FBI began interviewing Ohr, documenting his communications with Steele,” the memo says, before noting how Steele told him he was “desperate” to stop Trump from winning the election in September 2016.
“This clear evidence of Steele's bias was recorded by Ohr at the time and subsequently in official FBI files,” the memo notes, adding that the Department of Justice and FBI did not include the Steele bias “in any of the [Carter] Page FISA applications.”
“During this same time period, Ohr's wife was employed by Fusion GPS to assist in the cultivation of opposition research on Trump,” the memo adds. “Ohr later provided the FBI with all of his wife's opposition research, paid for by the DNC and Clinton campaign via Fusion GPS. The Ohrs' relationship with Steele and Fusion GPS was inexplicably concealed from the FISC.”
With all of that information in mind, including the fact that the origins of all of this were paid for by biased operatives working with shoddy-at-best information on behalf of the Clinton presidential campaign and Democratic Party, the FBI and DOJ moved forward to seek and receive a court order obtained by misleading the court through omission allowing them to spy on an American citizen who was a volunteer adviser to the Trump campaign—and they did all of this in late October 2016, just days before a presidential election.
“On October 21, 2016, DOJ and FBI sought and received a FISA probable cause order (not under Title VII) authorizing electronic surveillance on Carter Page from the FISC,” the memo reads. “Page is a U.S. citizen who served as a volunteer advisor to the Trump presidential campaign.”
The memo notes that the FBI received four total warrants allowing surveillance of Page for 90 days apiece. The law requires the government to go back to the court with renewed evidence of probable cause every 90 days when engaging in surveillance of an American citizen. The first time this was granted, per the memo, was right before the election in October 2016 but three subsequent follow-ups were granted over the next 360 days by senior DOJ and FBI officials.
“Consistent with requirements under FISA, the application had to first be certified by the Director or Deputy Director of the FBI,” the memo reads. “It then required approval of the Attorney General, Deputy Attorney General (DAG), or the Senate-confirmed Assistant Attorney General for the National Security Division. The FBI and DOJ obtained one initial FISA warrant targeting Carter Page and three FISA renewals from the FISC. As required by statute (50 U.S.C. §1805 (d)(1)), a FISA order on an American citizen must be renewed by the FISC every 90 days and each renewal requires a separate finding of probable cause.”
The memo then names the FBI and DOJ officials who signed these documents to get warrants that were granted, again, all because a biased person pushing misinformation working on behalf of the Democratic Party and Hillary Clinton presidential campaign didn't want Donald Trump to win the election.
“Then-Director James Comey signed three FISA applications in question on behalf of the FBI, and Deputy Director Andrew McCabe signed one,” the memo says. “Then-DAG Sally Yates, then acting DAG Dana Boente, and DAG Rod Rosenstein each signed one or more FISA applications on behalf of DOJ.”
Of the officials involved in signing these documents only two remain in senior DOJ positions: Boente and Rosenstein. Both of them remain at the DOJ, but Comey, McCabe, and Yates are all gone.
Fleas in two Arizona counties tested positive for the Bubonic plague — the same disease that killed millions of people in the 14th century throughout Africa, Asia, and Europe, public health officials say.
Navajo County public health officials announced Friday that fleas collected near the town of Taylor tested positive for Yersinia pestis, the bacteria that causes the Bubonic plague, the Associated Press reports.
advertisement
The announcement came one week after Coconino County officials first discovered fleas in the area found to be carrying the plague.
KNXV reports that Coconino County officials first discovered the plague-infested fleas in the Red Lake area last week but also found fleas in the Doney Park area that tested positive for the disease.
Officials in both counties have notified residents and are monitoring the situation.
Arizona has been host to a host of plague outbreaks among prairie dogs over the years.
The International Business Times reported in 2015 that another outbreak of the plague took place among prairie dogs in Flagstaff. Public health officials became aware of the plague outbreak after testing several fleas in animal burrows for Yersinia pestis.
Authorities say indicators that the plague is spreading include the sudden death of a large number of prairie dogs and rodents at the same time.
Public health officials warn residents that if they notice a sudden decrease in rodents to call their local health department.
According to the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), 15 humans had been infected with the Bubonic plague in 2015. The CDC says that most outbreaks of the plague among humans take place in the Southwest region of the U.S.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - Drug treatment is now covered for Indiana Medicaid recipients, but some enrolled in the Healthy Indiana Plan will now be subject to a work requirement.
Scroll for more content...
Republican Gov. Eric Holcomb announced the federally approved changes Friday.
More than 400,000 poor people receive insurance through the Healthy Indiana Plan, or HIP, which is funded through former President Barack Obama's signature health care law.
The new work requirement has a long list of exemptions and will apply to only about a quarter of those enrolled, including many who already work. Those without at least a part-time job will be required to participate in a state job training program to qualify.
Holcomb estimates that the drug treatment component will provide up to $80 million a year. Anyone on Medicaid is eligible, including HIP enrollees.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
March 31 Zhejiang Huatong Meat Products Co., Ltd.:
* Says it entered into agreement with Xinghua City Government to form cooperation on hog project
* Says the total investment to reach 2 billion yuan
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/S9llkF
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
THE spluttering Queensland Reds are exploring a better alignment with Rugby Australia so Brad Thorn gets the back-up to be a 10-year coach at the club.
Snapping a damning five-season cycle of failure will only be possible with long term-structures not the instability of four head coaches and myriad staff changes over that period.
Queensland Rugby Union chairman Jeff Miller said the alarm bells had been heeded over short-term fixes and pale results since the Reds last made the finals in 2013.
“We want Brad Thorn as a 10-year head coach but it's up to us to create the right high-performance environment for him to want to,” Miller said.
Camera Icon Queensland Reds coach Brad Thorn has the support of the club. Picture: AAP
“We are very supportive of Brad and the cultural change he has brought to the squad with some tough decisions.
“Having a team show strong levels of commitment and pride, as it has done, was a large part of his signing last year.
“It's disappointing the Reds offer so much yet have been up or down and the QRU wants to provide the right support to be consistently better.”
Minds are opening to change already.
TEAM: Reds put teen in the hot seat for Rebels clash
Miller invited Ireland's high-performance chief David Nucifora to address the QRU board recently and Scotland's director of rugby Scott Johnson is doing the same this week.
Closer ties to Rugby Australia spells “centralisation” and selling out Queensland rugby's autonomy in some minds yet Miller hosed down those inflammatory descriptions.
“You look at New Zealand, Ireland and Scotland and there are very successful alignments between the national and provincial levels for the benefit of both,” Miller said.
“One thing Nucifora said was ‘don't be afraid of strong alignment'.
“If we keep doing things the same way, we are going to get the same results so we are trying to understand what models are successful for long-term sustainability and the pitfalls.”
The QRU's cash-strapped state has triggered a call to Rugby Australia to advance a six-figure sum ahead of the normal payment date of a grant.
“We are still on track to make a small profit this year so that was a request to smooth cash flow when you don't have a home game for four weeks,” Miller said.
More coaching assistance from Rugby Australia is one area being investigating through Sam Cordingley, the QRU's general manager of Professional Rugby.
Camera Icon Brad Thorn and the Reds are desperate to finish the season on high. Picture: AAP
Miller said core skills and strength development programs better conveyed from the national set-up to Super Rugby and into the club system made perfect sense.
It dovetails into this week's coaches' summit in Sydney to develop a more cohesive plan to identify rising coaches and better develop them.
“Developing coaches better is definitely in the way forward,” Miller said.
“Queensland has been a leader in this area but it is crazy to think of the Australian coaching intellect overseas in (Scotland defensive coach) Matt Taylor, Nucifora, Johnson and others.
“If offloading off the ground and breaking flatline defences, for example, are key areas, you need guys teaching the skills from Rugby Australia down.”
Watch the 2018 Super Rugby Season on FOX SPORTS. SIGN UP NOW >
The Ketchikan airport has one. So does the Walter Sobeloff Building in downtown Juneau. Now, a fringe group of homeowners is installing wood pellet boilers to heat their homes. Not to be confused with wood burning stoves, these boilers have been marketed as a cheaper alternative to heating oil, at least, in the long run. But is the framework there to make the technology go mainstream?
Christal Higdon takes me downstairs to her garage where her family recently had a reason to celebrate: They completed the installation of a new wood pellet boiler. When the moment came to hit the switch, after a year of anticipation, Higdon says they didn't pop open champagne, but they did make brownies.
“[We] invited the electrician and the plummer and everyone over,” Higdon said with a laugh. She made a crock pot of chili to share with everyone as they were firing up the boiler for the first time.
Higdon is one about four homeowners in Juneau who have made the transition from electric resistance heat or oil to a wood pellet boiler.
It works like this: the pellets ignite and that heat is transferred through pipes of water around the home. The boilers can run about $12,000 — just for the equipment itself. Not included in that price are the installation and upgrades needed to the home.
But Higdon says, for her family, it seemed worth the initial investment.
“It just felt right for us to move away from the dependence on oil wherever we could,” she said. “And the time was right to replace our boiler, so we were looking at some kind of renewable energy we could use.”
Whether or not wood pellet boilers are a “renewable” form of energy is debated, especially when the pellets have to be shipped from someplace else. Still, Higdon says her reasons for wanting it were practical, as well as environmental. She learned about the system through word-of-mouth. And with any emerging technology, she says they've run into a few surprises with putting one in their house.
“Well, we had to find someone who could install it without maybe knowing how,” Higdon said.
And now there's another hoop to jump through: Building a wood pellet shed. It's not a necessity, but it would make it easier for Higdon's family. They would only have to fill it up about once a year. The shed has special dimensions and a sloped floor which feeds the boiler.
“So the folks in town, several contractors had never built anything like that,” Higdon said.
“We were listening. She came at the right time,” said Justin Fantasia. He's a faculty member at the University of Alaska Southeast and teaches construction technology.
“We were trying to figure out what kind of project we wanted to do,” Fantasia said.
He says — although it's a unique arrangement — his class sometimes partners with people. Higdon is paying for the materials but Fastasia's spring semester will be building the pellet shed. He says the main focus is to swing a hammer and to see a project through from start to finish. In a previous semester, university students built a tiny house.
“We don't want to be trendy, but we want to pay attention to what people are excited about,” Fantasia said.
And for the time being, that seems like it could be wood pellet boilers. Fantasia says the university would consider teaching a class on the the installation — if there was interest.
“Construction technology changes super fast,” Fantasia said. “Seeing new products come on the market, new techniques, new concerns with changing cost of oil. Hopefully, going up for at least the state's reason.”
Oil prices are going up but the overall price of heating fuel is cheaper than it's been in the past. Higdon thinks her wood pellet boiler will eventually pencil out in the next four years.
In the meantime, as she waits for the shed, she's keeping the golden pellets of Douglas Fir in a grey plastic bucket. Her family buys them in bulk at Home Depot — shipped from Oregon. There's a business in Ketchikan that makes wood pellets but there's not a bulk delivery system yet.
Higdon says, living in the Tongass, she would prefer to buy local.
“So if that's available in the future, we're hoping there's enough demand that is created by people installing them, something like that could happen for Juneau,” Higdon said.
Sealaska, the regional Native corporation, outfitted its headquarters with a wood pellet boiler. About two years ago, it added another when it opened the Walter Sobeloff Building. In the past, the corporation has shown interest in developing the wood pellet market in Southeast by creating demand.
But as of now, the pellets they're using come from Washington state and British Columbia.
Khloe Kardashian's family are desperate for her to move back to Los Angeles.
The 'Keeping Up With the Kardashians' star has been living in Cleveland, Ohio, since the birth of her daughter True two months ago because she wanted to be near her boyfriend Tristan Thompson - who plays basketball out there for the Cleveland Cavaliers - but her famous relatives are trying to persuade her to head back to California because they feel like they barely get to see her or the little one now.
A source told E! News: "Everyone is understanding of her situation and they are all trying to be there for her, but obviously want her home.
"They are letting her have her space in Cleveland and keep her routine, but wish they could have more moments together as a family unit and have True around more. Everyone hopes she will come back to Los Angeles once True is a little older."
Khloe's family - including her mother Kris Jenner and sister Kim Kardashian West - were convinced she'd head back to Los Angeles shortly after she had given birth as she had found out a few days prior that Tristan had allegedly cheated on her.
However, the 33-year-old beauty shocked her relatives and her fans when she decided to stay put and work through her issues with the 27-year-old NBA star.
An insider said: "Khloe has been trying to avoid any tension. Khloe is still trying to regain trust with Tristan and figure out how to keep the family together."
Khloe was left devastated at the beginning of April when video footage of Tristan seemingly smooching another woman in a night club in New York was leaked online.
Despite her heartbreak, Khloe allowed Tristan, whom she's been dating since 2016, to be at the birth of their daughter before kicking him out of their family home.
But it didn't take long before Tristan had managed to wiggle his way back in as the pair are now living together again and are raising their little girl as a couple.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
THE CANADIAN PRESS
HALIFAX -- The Nova Scotia government is seeking feedback on a legal age of 19 for marijuana use, with sales through a Crown corporation like the Nova Scotia Liquor Corporation.
The province launched an online survey Friday asking for input on marijuana restrictions ahead of its legalization next summer.
It is also asking where recreational cannabis use should be allowed, and what to do on drug-impaired driving.
Justice Minister Mark Furey says the province wants to hear from Nova Scotians as the government develops "a well-regulated legal market that encourages responsible use and minimizes organized crime."
He said the government's top priority is protected citizens' health and safety.
The online survey runs until Oct. 27.
The federal government tabled legislation in the spring to legalize recreational use of marijuana by July 1 and provinces have been consulting with the public or rolling out details of their cannabis plans.
On Wednesday, Alberta proposed to make 18 the minimum age to use cannabis, with no decision yet on whether to sell cannabis through government-run stores or through private operators.
Last month, Ontario announced it plans to set the minimum age at 19 and sell cannabis through government-run outlets. New Brunswick has said it will use a Crown corporation model, and a legislature committee has recommended a minimum age of 19.
Ottawa has remained firm on the start date for the new laws liberalizing marijuana, despite pushback from provinces, territories and police organizations that say it might be too ambitious given the complexity of the regulations involved.
BRIEF-Clifton Bancorp Inc to pay $0.25 special dividend
* Clifton Bancorp Inc - declared a special cash dividend of $0.25 per share on its outstanding common stock, payable on or about July 13, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Tuesday Sunny, with a high near 55. Northwest wind 10 to 14 mph, with gusts as high as 18 mph.
Tuesday Night Mostly clear, with a low around 30. North northwest wind 5 to 9 mph becoming light and variable.
Wednesday Mostly sunny, with a high near 66. South wind 6 to 10 mph.
Wednesday Night Partly cloudy, with a low around 39.
Thursday Sunny, with a high near 72.
Thursday Night Mostly cloudy, with a low around 47.
Friday Partly sunny, with a high near 81.
Friday Night Partly cloudy, with a low around 48.
Saturday Sunny, with a high near 72.
Saturday Night Partly cloudy, with a low around 41.
Sunday A 20 percent chance of showers. Mostly sunny, with a high near 62.
Sunday Night Mostly cloudy, with a low around 35.
Monday Mostly sunny, with a high near 60.
US first lady Melania Trump is hosting executives from major online and social media companies to discuss cyberbullying and being safe on the internet.
During the 2016 presidential campaign, she identified online bullying as the issue she would pursue as first lady if Donald Trump were elected.
Tuesday's White House meeting will mark her first public event on the issue, and it comes more than a year after Mrs. Trump's announcement.
Some observers questioned her choice of project given that her husband often berates people on Twitter.
The White House said the first lady was looking forward to discussing both the positive and negative ways the internet is influencing children.
Amazon, Snap, Facebook, Google and Twitter are among the companies that were expected to attend the meeting.
The owner of a tiny fashion store in the small, conservative California town of Chico put up a billboard on Wednesday afternoon portraying President Donald Trump as Hitler — and you can imagine what happened next.
According to Newsweek,
advertisement
Rouse & Revolt owner Nicholle [Haber] told Newsweek that she didn't sleep much last night. Her phone wouldn't stop going off with the persistent buzzing of death threats for her sign, which stylizes the number 45 into a swastika and features Trump posed in a Hitler-esque stance. “I'm living in a small, podunk red town and I'm already getting death threats,” said [Haber], whose store is in right-leaning Chico, population 90,000. “My business has completely floundered. Overnight I had more one-star reviews than all the reviews I've received in a year.” The sign was up for less than 24 hours before Stott Outdoor Advertising took it down amid a backlash that featured online attacks. “WOW you have some cute clothing,” someone posted on the store's Facebook page. “I never heard of your business until you put up your poster board. I would never support your business because clearly you are a divider and a hater.” [Haber] said one man told her that if she didn't hang herself, he would do it for her.
But Haber said she's not only standing behind her beliefs, she's using the platform of her business to promote her political beliefs. “He is not presidential, he is not a president,” [Haber] told Newsweek. “He is a celebrity who was born into money. And he's a Nazi sympathizer. I am going to stand behind my beliefs regardless.”
San Francisco Chronicle reports that Jim Moravec—the general manager of Stott Advertising—claims the billboard was removed because he received complaints from people who were confused by the message:
“The speaker wasn't clearly identified,” Moravec explains. “There's not sufficient name recognition. It wan't clear that this was a business name and not a command or instruction. That combined with the depiction of violence led us to take it down.” … Haber is talking with an attorney as she says, “Nowhere in my contract did it say they have the right to refuse. The fact that they put it up and then took it down is ridiculous. Like, ‘Oops, we didn't notice that was Trump Hitler.'”
Even though the billboard has had the opposite effect on her business, dampening business to all-time lows, Haber said she has been getting some support for her political beliefs—and that's worth something to this unabashed, liberal crusader.
Tim Donnelly is a former California State Assemblyman and Author, currently on a book tour for his new book: Patriot Not Politician: Win or Go Homeless. He also ran for governor in 2014.
FaceBook: https://www.facebook.com/tim.donnelly.12/
Twitter: @PatriotNotPol
Red Sox right fielder Mookie Betts had an error that looked like it was pulled from a blooper reel earlier in the sixth when he caught a fly ball by Bregman then simply lost the ball as he tried to throw it back in. Betts looked confused as the ball dribbled away from him and he was charged with an error, allowing a run to score.
Keuchel, the 2015 AL Cy Young Award winner, known as much for his beard as his devastating sinker, was cheered on by Houston's other famous bearded superstar as Rockets guard James Harden watched from a front-row seat behind home plate.
Keuchel's father, Dennis, also was in attendance and multiple television shots showed him looking a mixture of excited and nervous as he gazed at his son's work.
The left-hander had trouble settling in early and after needing 30 pitches to get through the second inning, it looked like his third post-season start might be a short one. But he struck out the last two batters of that inning as the first of 13 straight he retired.
Keuchel exited to a standing ovation after walking Hanley Ramirez with two outs in the sixth inning.
Altuve, who hit .346 this year, kept punishing pitchers. After singling in his first two trips to the plate, giving him five hits in the series, the Red Sox had seen enough and intentionally walked him in the fourth. That drew a loud chorus of boos from the home crowd, which greeted Altuve with a standing ovation in his first at-bat.
Many fans held signs saying that Altuve should be this season's MVP and one behind home plate proclaimed in sparkly multi-colored letters: "Altuve, He's Pretty Good."
Boston also gave him a free pass in the sixth inning, but had to pitch to him in the seventh with the bases loaded and two outs. Austin Maddox, who gave up Altuve's third homer on Thursday, jumped into the air and pumped his fist after striking him out.
It didn't matter much. Even with the strikeout, his average in the series is .714.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Betts looks as if he might have hurt his wrist on a swing in the eighth inning. He finished the at-bat, but the Red Sox were looking at him.
UP NEXT
Doug Fister (5-9, 4.88 ERA), who pitched for the Astros last season, will start for Boston in Game 3 on Sunday. The Astros have yet to announce their Game 3 starter.
By Kristie Rieken, The Associated Press
Yogawear retailer Lululemon Athletica Inc's logo is pictured at its store in downtown Vancouver June 11, 2014. REUTERS/Ben Nelms
TORONTO Canada's Lululemon Athletica Inc (LULU.O) on Wednesday reported fourth-quarter earnings per share that fell shy of analysts' expectations, hurt by a stronger-than-expected Canadian dollar, and said first-quarter comparable sales were expected to fall.
The outlook and results sent shares of the Canadian yoga and leisure apparel retailer falling 18.2 percent to $54.25 after markets closed.
A disappointing product assortment in the first quarter resulted in weaker online sales and fewer shoppers in stores, executives told analysts in a conference call.
"We've clearly identified the issues: an assortment lacking depth and color for spring," said Chief Executive Officer Laurent Potdevin.
"Our teams have been course-correcting issues, with early indications reflecting positive impact on performance. We will see more color in selected styles as early as next week."
The company said it expects first-quarter revenue between $510 million to $515 million, based on an expected decrease in sales in the low single digits. Earnings of 25 to 27 cents per share is forecast for the quarter.
Executives remained bullish on full-year results, despite the slow start in the first quarter. Its full-year revenue forecast ranges between $2.55 billion and $2.6 billion and full-year earnings range between $2.26 and $2.36 per share.
The Vancouver-based retailer popularized the "athleisure wear" market, turning pricey women's yoga wear into mainstream fashion, and spurring established apparel brands like Under Armour Inc (UAA.N), Nike Inc (NKE.N) and Gap Inc (GPS.N) to join the increasingly competitive market.
Lululemon's international success made it an investor darling, but a string of quality and supply chain problems, boardroom upheaval, and stiff competition in recent years have dulled some of its appeal.
Potdevin said its Chinese expansion would be a key focus this year, while Lululemon's men's line is on track to become a $1 billion-plus business by 2020.
For the fourth quarter ended Jan. 29, net income rose to $136.1 million, or 99 cents per share, from $117.4 million, or 85 cents per share, in the prior year. Revenue was $789.9 million, up from $704.3 million.
Analysts, on average, had expected earnings of $1.01 a share on revenue of $783.56 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Lululemon said the negative foreign currency impact was 2 cents higher than previously estimated.
Fourth-quarter sales online and at stores open at least a year rose 7 percent, on a constant dollar basis. That beat the 5.3 percent increase expected by analysts, according to Consensus Metrix.
(Reporting by Solarina Ho; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
WINNIPEG — Jeremiah Masoli threw for 338 yards and two touchdowns to lead the Hamilton Tiger-Cats past the Winnipeg Blue Bombers 30-13 on Friday night.
The Tiger-Cats improved to 4-10 on the season and 4-2 under June Jones, who replaced Kent Austin as head coach on Aug. 2 after Hamilton began the season 0-8.
Masoli completed 27-of-33 passes with no interceptions. He also added 48 yards on eight rushes.
Hamilton is three points behind the Ottawa Redblacks for second place in the CFL's East Division.
FILE PHOTO - Irene Rosenfeld, chairperson and CEO of Mondelez International, speaks at the Fortune's Most Powerful Women's Summit in Washington October 13, 2015. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ.O) is preparing to look for a successor to Chief Executive Officer Irene Rosenfeld as the snack maker faces shareholder pressure and a broad shift to healthier eating habits, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing sources.
Mondelez, which makes Oreo cookies, Trident gum and Ritz crackers, has hired recruiting company Heidrick & Struggles International Inc (HSII.O), and its board recently discussed outside candidates to potentially replace Rosenfeld, the newspaper said.
A Mondelez representative was not immediately available for comment.
The timing of the succession is up to Rosenfeld, who is also chairman, and Heidrick & Struggles has not yet been asked to interview prospects, the paper said.
Potential successors among Mondelez's current executives include Tim Cofer, chief growth officer, and Chief Financial Officer Brian Gladden, the Journal said.
The company's revenue fell more than 12 percent in 2016 as important emerging market economies faltered and consumers sought more nutritious foods, leading to a lagging share price that has sparked unrest among some Mondelez investors, the Journal said.
Shareholder activists Nelson Peltz and William Ackman own big stakes in the company and have urged Mondelez to boost earnings or sell itself. (reut.rs/2on71io)
Mondelez, which has a market value of nearly $70 billion, last year tried to buy Hershey Co (HSY.N) for $23 billion. Hershey rejected the offer, and Mondelez walked away.
There has also been speculation that Deerfield, Illinois-based Mondelez, which relies on foreign markets for most of its $26 billion in annual sales, could be taken over by one of its rivals.
(Reporting by John McCrank in New York; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
ZAGREB, March 29 Croatia winger Ivan Perisic criticised the country's FA chief Davor Suker for picking "lesser rivals" as opponents after his teammate Marko Pjaca suffered a season-ending knee injury in Tuesday's 3-0 friendly defeat in Estonia, local media reported.
Juventus forward Pjaca returned to action in January from a lengthy layoff and the Croatian Football Association said the damage to his cruciate knee ligaments would require surgery and several months of rehabilitation.
"The pitch we played on is unworthy of professional football and there is no point in arranging matches of this kind," Perisic was quoted as saying by Croatia's Index website (www.index.hr) on Wednesday.
"I would advise Mr Suker to pick better opposition with facilities of higher quality because we can only lose more players on such horrendous surfaces. The biggest defeat of this friendly was losing Pjaca."
Perisic started in a makeshift Croatian side beaten by the Estonians after Friday's 1-0 World Cup qualifying win over Ukraine kept them top of European Group I with 13 points from five games. (Writing by Zoran Milosavljevic, editing by Ed Osmond)
ORANGEVILLE, Ont. — Ontario provincial police confirm that remains found last Saturday are that of Kaden Young, a three-year-old boy who had been missing since being swept from his mother's arms during a flood on Feb. 21.
A fisherman had found the remains of a boy in the water near a bridge in Belwood, Ont., about 30 kilometres north of Guelph.
A post mortem was conducted Monday in Toronto where the remains were positively identified.
Kaden was swept out of his mother's arms when their vehicle entered the Grand River during a flood.
April 10 GRG Banking Equipment Co Ltd :
* To use undistributed profits to pay a cash dividend of 1 yuan (pre-tax) per 10 shares to shareholders for FY 2016
* To use additional paid-in capital to distribute 5 new shares for every 10 shares
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/g9tSs0
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
By Anjuli Davies and Andrew MacAskill
LONDON (Reuters) - Large banks are planning to step up their lobbying of the British government as they sense an opportunity to change its priorities in the upcoming Brexit negotiations, John McFarlane, who chairs the UK's main financial lobby group, told Reuters.
Prime Minister Theresa May's shock loss of her parliamentary majority in last week's election increases the likelihood the government will listen to calls to retain some British access to the European Union's single market, said McFarlane, who is chairman of Barclays as well as TheCityUK.
"I do think it is a new game because it's a new political landscape and different political influences," McFarlane said in an interview in his office at the Barclays headquarters in the capital's modern Canary Wharf financial district.
He said financial firms may look to engage with a wider array of political actors such as the Scottish Conservatives, who are pushing for the economy to be at the heart of the government's strategy for Brexit, as well as an emboldened Treasury.
Business leaders complained before the election that they felt excluded from the Brexit decision-making process and accused the government of pursuing anti-business policies, including pledges to cap immigration and leave the single market.
McFarlane said although the chances of a so-called softer Brexit, including a staggered exit from the EU and more relaxed immigration controls, have increased, so too have the chances of a chaotic Brexit because Britain now has a minority government.
"The hope has risen, but I also think the difficulty has risen," he said. "We don't know who is calling the shots, where is the political power between the ministries and the other parties."
McFarlane said the idea of Britain's main political parties engaging in cross-party talks to forge a common approach on Brexit, discussed in recent days, is workable.
"After the war Britain was rebuilt with an all-party coalition," he said. "We have done it before on important matters and this is an important matter."
When asked if he thought it was possible that Britain could remain in the single market, he said "it has opened up all sorts of possibilities" and that if a referendum on whether to stay in the EU was held today it may produce a different result.
Although McFarlane is chairman of one of Britain's largest companies and the most powerful financial services lobby group, he said he had never met May and described the levels of engagement with business under the last government as "weak."
"You can't ignore them (business), a major slug of the economy, where the wealth is created," he said.
By contrast McFarlane praised the performance of opposition Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn, a veteran socialist, saying his election campaign was "bang on".
He said the surge in support for left-wing policies meant businesses would need to work on how they interact with this support base.
"Business also needs to have a societal tone to it because ordinary people have spoken out and they are finding it hard," he said. "That is who is calling the shots at the moment".
British finance minister Philip Hammond has the chance to revive his calls for a more business-friendly exit from the EU when he addresses an annual gathering of London's financial elite later on Thursday.
McFarlane said much of the finance industry's lobbying remains focused on convincing European officials that they should give financial services a special deal to continue to operate unrestricted across the single market.
The election of Emmanuel Macron as French president, a deeply pro-European figure, was largely seen as a reinforcement of the European project and that may make it harder to get a deal as in order to prevent further disintegration of the bloc, Britain would need to be punished for exiting, he said.
He said banks need to focus on achieving an outcome that will help the economies in Britain and the EU.
"There is this foundation for this meeting of minds here if people are sensible," he said.
(Editing by Adrian Croft)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Food Looking for a great recipe? Find it now & see how it?s all made by watching recipe videos.
Health Finds the latest health headlines & videos, plus get tips for healthy living.
Links Looking for a website or event you heard mentioned on News 9? Find it here!
Newsletters Sign up now to receive news, weather, recipes and more from News9.com
CHICAGO | The first-ever bitcoin future jumped after it began trading Sunday as the increasingly popular virtual currency made its debut on a major U.S. exchange.
The futures contract that expires in January surged more than $3,000 to $18,580 eight hours after trading launched on the Chicago Board Options Exchange. The contract opened at $15,000, according to data from the CBOE.
This Friday, Dec. 8, 2017, photo shows the Chicago Board Options Exchange website announcing that bitcoin futures will start trading on the CBOE on Sunday evening, Dec. 10. Bitcoin futures will start trading a week later on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. (AP Photo/Kiichiro Sato)
The CBOE futures don't involve actual bitcoin. They're securities that will track the price of bitcoin on Gemini, one of the larger bitcoin exchanges.
The start of trading at 5 p.m. CST overwhelmed the CBOE website. “Due to heavy traffic on our website, visitors to www.cboe.com may find that it is performing slower than usual and may at times be temporarily unavailable,” the exchange said in a statement. But it said the trading in the futures had not been disrupted.
Another large futures exchange, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, will start trading its own futures on Dec. 18 but will use a composite of several bitcoin prices across a handful of exchanges.
The price of a bitcoin has soared since beginning the year below $1,000, hitting a peak of more than $16,858 Dec. 7 on the bitcoin exchange Coindesk. As of 1:15 a.m. CST, it was at $16,733.49 on Coindesk.
Futures are a type of contract in which a buyer and a seller agree on a price for a particular item to be delivered on a certain date in the future, hence the name. Futures are available for nearly every type of security but are most famously used in commodities such as wheat, soy, gold, oil, cocoa and, as dramatized in the Eddie Murphy and Dan Aykroyd movie “Trading Places,” concentrated frozen orange juice.
The futures signal greater mainstream acceptance of bitcoin but also open up bitcoin to additional market forces. The futures will allow investors to bet that bitcoin's price will go down — a practice known as shorting — which currently is very difficult to do.
There have been other attempts to bring bitcoin investing into the mainstream. Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss, twin brothers who own large amounts of bitcoin, tried to create an exchange-traded fund based on bitcoin, but federal regulators denied their application.
How much actual investor interest there will be in these bitcoin futures is still up in the air. Many larger Wall Street brokerages and clearinghouses, including Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase, are either not allowing customers to trade bitcoin futures or only allowing select clients to do so. Other brokerages are putting restrictions on the amount of margin a trader can use in bitcoin futures, or putting limits on the amount that can be purchased.
The digital currency has had more than its fair share of critics on Wall Street. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon has called bitcoin “a fraud.” Thomas Peterffy, chairman of the broker-dealer Interactive Brokers Group, expressed deep concerns about the trading of bitcoin futures last month, saying “there is no fundamental basis for valuation of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, and they may assume any price from one day to the next.”
Peterffy noted that if bitcoin futures were trading at that time, under the CBOE's rules those futures likely would experience repeated trading halts because 10 percent or 20 percent moves in bitcoin prices have not been unusual in recent months.
Bitcoin is the world's most popular virtual currency. Such currencies are not tied to a bank or government and allow users to spend money anonymously. They are basically lines of computer code that are digitally signed each time they are traded.
A debate is raging on the merits of such currencies. Some say they serve merely to facilitate money laundering and illicit, anonymous payments. Others say they can be helpful methods of payment, such as in crisis situations where national currencies have collapsed.
Kelvin Chan in Hong Kong contributed to this report.
This report has been corrected to show the opening price of the bitcoin future contract was $15,000.
CAIRO, April 20 Iraq supports an extension of a deal between oil exporters to reduce global supply in order to support crude prices, the leader of the nation's Shi'ite ruling coalition Ammar al-Hakim told Reuters.
Speaking in Cairo, he cautioned that Baghdad could ask to be exempted from taking part in the supply curbs as the nation needed its oil income to fight Islamic State.
"Given these sensitive circumstances, it is the right of Iraq to hope for an exemption by the other OPEC member states and have an opportunity to increase its production," Hakim, an influential cleric, said in an interview late on Wednesday.
"But we are with the principle of reducing the overall OPEC supply to lift prices."
OPEC is due to meet in May to decide on an extension of supply curbs decided late last year to lift prices. Iraq is OPEC's second-largest producer, after Saudi Arabia.
Hakim is the president of the National Alliance, a coalition of the main Shi'ite political groups including Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi's Dawa party. The Shi'ite community forms a majority in Iraq. (Reporting by Mahmoud Mourad in Cairo; Writing by Maher Chmaytelli in Erbil, editing by David Evans)
Canadian media company Corus Entertainment Inc (CJRb.TO) on Thursday reported a lower-than-expected profit, hurt by higher costs.
The Toronto-based company's sales, general and administrative expenses more than doubled to C$265.5 million ($198 million) in the second quarter ended Feb. 28.
This is the first time Corus' second-quarter results include its 2016 purchase of media assets from sister company Shaw Communications Inc (SJRb.TO). The results also exclude Corus' pay TV business, which Corus exited last year.
Corus, which was spun off from Shaw more than 15 years ago, operates a network of Canadian radio stations and children's TV channels including YTV, Nickelodeon and Cartoon Network.
Net income attributable to Corus shareholders fell to C$24.9 million, or 12 Canadian cents per share in the quarter, from C$102.2 million, or C$1.17 per share, a year earlier.
Profit in the year-ago quarter included a gain of C$86.2 million from the sale of Corus' Pay TV assets.
Excluding one-time items, the company earned 13 Canadian cents per share, falling short of analysts' average expectation of 16 Canadian cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Corus said revenue jumped 86 percent to C$368.2 million. Analysts on average had expected C$379.5 million.
(Reporting by Ahmed Farhatha in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
The Oplan is confidential as publishing will predictably compromise the counterterrorism operations it organizes
Published 9:49 PM, April 24, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – The Philippine National Police (PNP) is now preparing a blueprint to fight terrorism in the country, and according to PNP chief Director General Oscar Albayalde, it will be intelligence-driven.
"Actually it's (counterterrorism plan) being developed now. Number one is we really have to improve on it (counterterrorism efforts). Most of the time we rely so much [upon] the Armed Forces of the Philippines and of course our foreign counterparts," Albayalde told Rappler in an exclusive Camp Crame interview broadcast on Tuesday, April 24.
"We really have to improve on this. We have to train people on this, because this is quite new to the PNP," Albayalde admitted.
Why this matters: Once the plan is finished, Filipinos can expect cops to be more aggressive and organized in monitoring suspected terrorists in the country, with the aim of preventing attacks rather than preparing for only the time they strike.
"You can counterterrorism basically by countering it by intelligence. You can prevent it from happening really...You can only prevent those attacks through intelligence," stressing the importance of clean intelligence work.
Talks of preparing a counterterrorism police "Oplan" (campaign plan) have been going around inside Camp Crame as early as when the Marawi siege erupted in May 2017, prompting the PNP's top officials to re-evaluate their current case-to-case approach of investigating terror suspects.
The Oplan is confidential, according to Albayalde, as publishing it would predictably compromise the counterterrorism operations it organizes.
What we know is that the plan will also facilitate closer relations with police forces of other countries. "Terrorism is a global issue," Albayalde explained during the interview. – Rappler.com
Albayalde and police photos by Angie de Silva/Rappler. Terrorist image from Rappler file photos
The leader of a Telford grooming gang which raped and trafficked children is back in prison just months after he was released having served less than five years of a 22-year sentence.
Mubarek Ali was sentenced in 2013 to 14 years' immediate custody and eight years on licence for offences including controlling child prostitution, causing child prostitution, and trafficking in the UK for the purpose of prostitution, reported the Shropshire Star.
His release in November horrified victims, who said they were “living in fear” after hearing the news, and prompted outcry from Telford MP Lucy Allan and thousands of members of the public, who slammed the inadequacy of Ali's jail stint as “a disgrace”.
Why was Mubarek Ali allowed out early when he was still a risk to our community? #Telford #CSE #Groominggang https://t.co/ycPLWAT0t6 — Lucy Allan MP (@lucyallan) July 1, 2018
The 35-year-old pimped out girls as young as 13 years old at a curry house in the Shropshire town reported to be Britain's “child sex capital” before Telford emerged last year as the site of possibly the nation's “worst ever” child sexual exploitation (CSE) scandal.
Authorities and the media have been accused of turning a blind eye while grooming gangs consisting mostly of Pakistani men drugged, raped, and even murdered victims who were overwhelmingly white and working class.
Ali was returned to jail last week for breaching his licence, according to the Sunday Mirror, which noted that his brother Ahdel will be up for parole in 2019 after the 31-year-old was sentenced to 18 years in prison custody for his part in grooming and pimping young girls out to workers at Dhaka Tandoori for £150 a session.
One of the girls abused by Mubarak said she and other victims are “relieved he is back inside”, but asking themselves “what if he's out again soon?”
The Sunday Mirror reported one girl told a friend: “I've lived in fear of Mubarek Ali for the last seven months.
“We think he's coming to get us. He drilled that into us for years and said he'd kill our families and rape our sisters.
“We think he'll abuse more girls if he is freed. They should jail him forever,” she said.
If you are a victim of hate crime this is the service you can expect from our officers https://t.co/fV9EBm57TF #EndHateCrime pic.twitter.com/siUnrsN3KS — West Mercia Police (@WMerciaPolice) June 19, 2017
In May, local MP Allan said there is evidence authorities in Telford are “still failing” CSE victims, highlighting a bundle of documents sent to the Home Office which showed they are still neglecting to take allegations seriously.
The case bore striking similarities to grooming gang scandals in towns across England including Rochdale and Rotherham, with public services in Telford operating within a politically correct culture where vulnerability to accusations of “racism” caused authorities to ignore victims and silence whistleblowers.
When people think of boy scouts one the first things that come to mind are outdoor activities, like camping or hiking.
For more than four years now the boys scouts have been branching out offering a different program called STEM Scouts short for science, technology, engineering and math.
Unit 2007 just started in December.
Christina Garcia was at their most recent meeting as they worked on a project focused on community service.
A A
The journey of 1,000 miles, it has been said, begins with a single step. So while this region remains light years away — metaphorically speaking — from securing a replacement for the Interstate 5 Bridge, it is significant that a single step has been taken.
Seven of the nine legislators from Clark County have come together to kick-start a process that, ideally, will lead to the eventual improvement of the region's most vital transportation corridor. Behind bipartisan, bicameral support from the local delegation, companion bills have been introduced in the Legislature to declare the bridge a project of statewide significance. Legislators from throughout Washington would be wise to pass those bills, acknowledging that what happens on the I-5 Bridge impacts the economy throughout the state.
Declarations, of course, often amount to little more than hot air, but Senate Bill 5806 and House Bill 2095 would have some practical impact. Passage would provide a framework for further discussions about replacing the bridge, and it could expedite the permitting and construction process should an agreement be reached.
While it is impossible to predict whether this step eventually will lead to an agreement, Rep. Sharon Wylie, D-Vancouver, noted during a conference call with The Columbian's Editorial Board: “If we couldn't get to where we are today, the chances would be zero. But after a year of talking and bringing people into the process and working together, building our trust and learning about the different points of view, I would say my confidence is very high.”
In forging the agreement, Wylie was joined by fellow Democratic Rep. Monica Stonier and Republicans Paul Harris and Brandon Vick. All three local senators — Republicans Ann Rivers and Lynda Wilson plus Democrat Annette Cleveland — also partook. Only Liz Pike and Vicki Kraft, both Republican representatives, did not sign on from the Clark County delegation. This compromise is significant for a project that long has been more divisive than unifying. The demise of the proposed Columbia River Crossing in 2013 has left lingering hard feelings among constituents, among local legislators, and among lawmakers in both Washington and Oregon.
“I thought one of the first questions we needed to answer as a delegation is, ‘What's different this time?' ” Cleveland said. “And the answer to that question is that there's consensus among the delegation here in Southwest Washington.”
Declaring the I-5 Bridge as a project of statewide importance is a logical first step. It demonstrates commitment to lawmakers in Oregon, who must be involved with any agreement; it rightly places the I-5 corridor as a priority instead of allowing for the distraction of discussions about a third bridge across the Columbia River; and it signals to other Washington legislators that the Clark County delegation can work together. Rivers' involvement is particularly noteworthy, given the lead role she played in killing the Columbia River Crossing proposal.
That being said, consensus is a far cry from unanimity. If the project moves forward, there still are pressing questions about the inclusion of light rail and the use of tolls on a new bridge. There also will be a lingering need for additional bridges linking Clark County with the Oregon side of the river. Rivers said: “The end game is not only to replace an aging piece of infrastructure, but also to create the mechanism by which we have multiple crossings.”
While those questions must be addressed down the road, the first step has been taken.
THE heroics of Perth commuters in 2014 have inspired US train passengers to follow their lead and help save a woman trapped between a train and the platform.
On Friday night a woman slipped and got her leg caught while disembarking the train at Massachusetts Avenue station, in Boston.
Remarkably, one man was on hand to drum up enough of a crowd to begin pushing the train - having seen a similar effort from heroic Perth commuters online.
Speaking to US website wcvb.com, Pete Shamon said he had stumbled across footage from Perth's Stirling Station just days before this latest rescue bid, during a random internet trawl.
The massive rescue effort in Perth, in August 2014, sparked headlines around the world, sending footage of the incredible feat viral.
Camera Icon Perth gained global attention in 2014 after passengers did the same thing at Stirling Station.
But as he joined the millions of people worldwide to watch the footage, he had no idea it could have real life implications that very same week.
"This is a little trick I picked up this week, and it came in handy pretty quickly," Mr Shamon told wcvb.
“More and more crowds gathered and after awhile, it was probably a couple hundred people gathered out there on that platform.”
Thanks to the united effort it wasn't long before the woman was freed.
“It happened like that, it was five seconds and she was out.”
"I remember Anne Marie going into the locker room and helping her pry open the locker to get all of her stuff out there for her because she had to catch a plane that night to leave town," he said.
Volunteering was a family activity for the D'Amico clan, and over more than 15 years of involvement with the tournament, they became part of a tight-knit group of returning volunteers, Ziv said.
"We got to see her as a young kid and kind of blossoming and grow up," he said.
Abdullah Snobar, who attended Ryerson University with D'Amico, said she had been known as an active student leader with top grades, a wide social circle and an indelible smile that could brighten up any hallway.
"Whether you kept in touch with her very closely or you didn't talk to her for this past year, it just felt like you saw her smile yesterday," he said.
MP Julie Dzerowicz said in a statement Tuesday that she was saddened to learn D'Amico was a resident of her Davenport riding.
"My heart breaks for Anne Marie's parents, Rocco and Carmela, and for all of her friends and family," Dzerowicz said.
Meanwhile, the grandson of Dorothy Sewell confirmed on Facebook that she was one 10 people killed in the attack.
Elwood Delaney of Kamloops, B.C., described his grandmother as an avid sports fan who "almost had as much love for the Blue Jays and Leafs as she did for her family."
"(She was) the best grandmother anyone could have asked for," Delaney told The Canadian Press.
Seneca College said a female student was also among those killed, but didn't provide further details.
"She was, along with nine others, an innocent victim of this tragic act of violence," college president David Agnew said in a statement. "I want to extend our deepest sympathies to her family and friends."
Another victim of the van attack was identified by Jordan's state-run Petra news agency as Munair Najjar, who was in Toronto visiting family.
The Jordanian embassy in Ottawa confirmed one of its citizens had died but did not provide further details. The news agency said the embassy was helping arrange for Najjar's body to sent back to Jordan.
A South Korean news agency cited government officials as saying two Korean nationals were also among those killed.
By Paola Loriggio, The Canadian Press
By Robyn Collins
To celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Levi's trucker jacket, the brand asked pop superstar Justin Timberlake to help give the staple a redesign. He shared a couple of photos of the new piece via Instagram.
Related: Justin Timberlake Models 1950s Swimsuit in ‘Wonder Wheel' Trailer
Timberlake posted, “For the 50th bday of the trucker jacket, @Levis asked me to redesign one. I did and ever since, it's been my favorite drinking buddy. 🍻👌🏻 #Denim #Flannel #LiveInLevis.”
The jacket features a Hank Williams patch that says, “Why don't you mind your own business.”
Timberlake has some experience as a clothing designer, having launched the William Rast brand with Trace Ayala in 2005.
Check out the Timberlake-redesigned Levis trucker jacket below:
PENTICTON, B.C. — Nova Scotia's Mary-Anne Arsenault advanced into the semifinal at the Scotties Tournament of Hearts with a 6-2 win over Northern Ontario's Tracy Fleury on Saturday.
Arsenault will play the loser of Saturday night's Page 1-2 playoff between Kerri Einarson's wild-card team and Manitoba's Jennifer Jones. The semifinal is set for Sunday afternoon.
The winner of the Page 1-2 playoff goes directly into Sunday night's final.
Nova Scotia broke the game open against Northern Ontario by scoring three in the sixth end to go up 5-1.
CTV Atlantic
The RCMP say two people are dead after a raft overturned in Gray Rapids, N.B., Tuesday afternoon.
Police say there were eight people in the raft when it overturned in the Miramichi River around 4 p.m.
Six people made it to shore on their own, but one woman was pulled from the water and given CPR.
Police say the 29-year-old woman from White Rapids, N.B., was taken to hospital, where she was pronounced dead. An autopsy has confirmed she drowned.
The body of a 55-year-old man from White Rapids, N.B., was located in the water a short time later. Police say an autopsy will be conducted to confirm the exact cause of death.
Police say the investigation is ongoing.
Police are looking for thieves who attempted to break into more than a dozen vehicles in Long Beach.
AI can already dream up imaginary celebrities, so perhaps it can help the Army imagine revolutionary new engine parts or aircraft, too.
That's the goal of a new project from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), the research wing of the US Defense Department. DARPA wants entrants to rethink the way complex components are designed by combining recent advances in machine learning with fundamental tenets of math and engineering.
AI is increasingly being used to imagine new things, from celebrity faces to clothing (see “The GANfather: The man who's given machines the gift of imagination”). The systems being used to conjure up new ideas are still in their early stages, but they show a path forward.
Machine learning is also already used in some areas of design and engineering, but the DARPA project aims to apply it more broadly, and to the crucial task of determining function and form. “We are using very few computational tools,” says Jan Vandenbrande, the DARPA program manager in charge. “It's very artisan.”
One project selected for funding by DARPA is D-FOCUS, from researchers at the University of Wisconsin-Madison and PARC, the research company spun out of Xerox.
D-FOCUS doesn't come up with new designs from scratch but offers up alternatives to existing designs. If the early phase of the design process is automated, a human designer can explore more design options and compare trade-offs with each option before committing to a potentially very expensive plan, says Johan de Kleer, the PARC lead on the project.
Sign up for the The Algorithm News and views on the latest in artificial intelligence Sign Up Thank you — please check your email to complete your sign up. Incorrect email format Manage your newsletter preferences
Under the DARPA challenge, software has to come up with designs for machines that can solve classic engineering questions, like how to transport water uphill.
Using hard-coded laws of physics along with functional requirements provided by a human designer, D-FOCUS can explore potential design concepts. For the moving-water-uphill problem, for instance, the system suggested using the Leidenfrost effect—a phenomenon where water droplets on a very hot surface create a thin layer of vapor beneath themselves, causing a repulsive force that makes the water hover above the surface. The researchers admit that this concept is largely impractical, but it is the type of out-there thinking that can push designers to come up with innovative designs.
DARPA has a long history of backing early technologies. The DARPA Grand Challenge was the first long-distance competition for driverless cars, back in 2004, and it kicked off the current boom in self-driving technology. More recently, DARPA funded an Explainable AI (XAI) program to develop new AI systems that were easier for humans to understand.
Mike Haley, Autodesk's senior director of machine intelligence, says AI could expand design beyond boundaries imposed by the bias and groupthink that humans can succumb to. “We are going to think beyond our brains and come up with ideas that we would have never come up with before,” Haley says. “It's like having the world's most wonderful mentor.”
Galway Bay fm newsroom – Serious concerns are being raised over Galway's public health system as the Saolta hospitals group has been without a board for almost eight months.
The board term came to an end at the end of last year and the chairperson was re-appointed early this year.
However, there has not been any board in place since late 2016.
Roscommon Galway TD Michael Fitzmaurice says the situation has the potential to threaten front line services.
It comes as the Saolta group faces a deficit of almost 40 million euro by the end of this year.
He says the fact that there is no board running the affairs of Saolta at present is unacceptable for a group responsible for running major hospitals in the west and north-west.
In a statement to Galway Bay fm news, Saolta says the Department of Health will be appointing a new board shortly through the state boards process.
Deputy Fitzmaurice says he intends to raise the problems facing the Saolta Group with Health Minister Simon Harris.
Locals walk through a flooded street in the northern New South Wales town of Lismore, Australia, April 1, 2017 after heavy rains associated with Cyclone Debbie swelled rivers to record heights across the region. AAP/Tracey Nearmy/via REUTERS
Locals float past a house in a boat on a flooded street in the northern New South Wales town of Lismore, Australia, April 1, 2017 after heavy rains associated with Cyclone Debbie swelled rivers to record heights across the region. Picture taken April 1, 2017. AAP/Tracey Nearmy/via REUTERS
A fridge full of food sits in a flooded street in the northern New South Wales town of Lismore, Australia, April 1, 2017 after heavy rains associated with Cyclone Debbie swelled rivers to record heights across the region. Picture taken April 1, 2017. AAP/Tracey Nearmy/via REUTERS
SYDNEY Australian authorities on Sunday said they found a third body in the aftermath of Cyclone Debbie and accompanying floods that swamped the country's east coast, as receding waters start revealing the human and economic cost of the storm.
The disaster zone stretched 1,000 km (600 miles) from Queensland state's tropical resort islands and Gold Coast tourist strip to the farmlands of New South Wales state.
The body of 77-year-old Nelson Raebel was found in floodwaters in the state of Queensland on Saturday afternoon, Queensland Police said, bringing the national death toll to three since the cyclone hit on Tuesday.
Authorities are still searching for another three people that remain missing in flood-hit areas of Queensland.
Queensland Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk said the devastation caused by the storm was huge. "It is going to take months to repair," she told reporters on Sunday.
The Insurance Council of Australia has declared the event a catastrophe, which could cost hundreds of millions of dollars in losses.
Photos taken by emergency services in the town of Lismore, in New South Wales, show businesses in the town centre inundated with brown water.
Mayor Isaac Smith, who was assessing the damage on Sunday, told Reuters it resembled a "war zone".
Several large rivers in New South Wales that had reached major flood levels were receding, the Australian Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) said on Sunday.
But evacuation orders were still in place for a number of townships in the state's north, while the city of Rockhampton in Queensland braced for record-level flooding next week, as water moves downstream into the Fitzroy River catchment.
"It's almost the size of Texas in the U.S., it's a huge catchment, and that's why it can take some time for water to make it's way downstream," said meteorologist Michelle Verry from the Queensland BOM.
Verry said what remains of the cyclone has moved off Australia's eastern coast.
Cyclone Debbie, a category four storm, one short of the most powerful level five, pounded Queensland state on Tuesday, smashing tourist resorts, bringing down power lines and shutting down coal mines.
Australia's Defence Force was deployed to help deliver medical personnel and supplies to communities in the north of the state.
Debbie will hit Australia's A$1.7 trillion (£1.04 trillion) economy, with economists estimating it will slow growth to under 2 percent in the first quarter.
(Reporting by Harry Pearl; Editing by Tom Brown and Randy Fabi)
The San Antonio Spurs have won 4 straight games to put themselves back in the playoff mix
Published 2:10 PM, March 20, 2018
LOS ANGELES, USA – The San Antonio Spurs boosted their bid for a 21st consecutive NBA postseason appearance with an 89-75 victory over the injury ravaged Golden State Warriors on Monday, March 19.
LaMarcus Aldridge scored 19 of his 33 points in the 4th quarter and grabbed 12 rebounds for the Spurs, who have battled injury troubles of their own this season.
LaMarcus Aldridge scored 19 of his 33 PTS in the 4th quarter to seal the @spurs critical win! #GoSpursGo pic.twitter.com/L3UrJQwHqe — NBA (@NBA) March 20, 2018
Patty Mills added 12 points and Danny Green chipped in 11 for the Spurs, who have won 4 straight to put themselves back in the playoff mix.
"We've been playing with passion and hunger," Australia's Mills said. "We just have to sustain it."
The Spurs had no sympathy for the injury woes of the reigning champion Warriors, who arrived in San Antonino without injured All-Stars Stephen Curry, Klay Thompson and Kevin Durant.
And there was more trouble to come as Draymond Green left in the first half with a bruised pelvis.
Nevertheless, the Warriors erased a 16-point deficit, taking a 4-point lead early in the 4th quarter before the Spurs regained control.
"We had some let-down, and those guys are smart," Aldridge said. "It felt good to get it going in the 4th quarter."
Quinn Cook scored 20 points to lead Golden State, who have lost 4 of their last 6 and trail Western Conference leaders Houston by 3 1/2 games.
The Cleveland Cavaliers, who have played the Warriors in the last 3 NBA Finals, welcomed Kevin Love back to action with a 124-117 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks.
Cavs superstar LeBron James was the real difference maker, notching his 16th triple-double of the season to put an upbeat ending on a day in which Cleveland announced that head coach Tyronn Lue would take some time off to deal with health concerns.
"If it's not one thing it's another, that was my reaction," James said of learning Lue would be away on the same day that Love was cleared to return for the first time since breaking his left hand on January 30.
James scored 17 of his 40 points in the 3rd quarter as the Cavaliers took control.
He added 12 rebounds and 10 assists -- the 71st triple-double of his career -- as Cleveland won for the 3rd time in their last 4 games.
Love, a 5-time All-Star, scored 18 points and pulled down 7 rebounds.
"First of all, just having another body is great for our team," said James, whose Cavs have also battled injury troubles. "And just his basketball IQ, his familiarity with our system -- he just fits right back in. It was great to have him back."
Two-time All-Star Giannis Antetokounmpo led the Bucks, posting his 23rd 30-point game of the season with 37 points, 11 rebounds and 5 assists.
Cleveland maintained their hold on 3rd place in the Eastern Conference. The Indiana Pacers were just half a game behind them after a 110-100 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers.
Trailing by two points at halftime, the Pacers outscored the Lakers by 14 points in the third quarter to snap a two-game skid and strengthen their position in the tightly bunched East.
Simmons 'something unique'
In Philadelphia, Australian rookie Ben Simmons produced his 9th triple-double of the season as the 76ers beat the Charlotte Hornets 108-94.
Simmons scored 11 points with 12 rebounds and 15 assists -- all without a single turnover.
His 19th game with 10 or more assists saw him pass Hall of Famer Allen Iverson's franchise rookie record.
"He was great tonight, he really was something unique," said Sixers coach Brett Brown.
"That was probably the easiest triple-double I've had because my teammates were hot," Simmons said. "I'm just going to find my guy, set a screen. He's wide-open.
"So the reason it seems easy for me is because they make it easy for me."
Joel Embiid scored a game-high 25 points and tied his career high with 19 rebounds for Philadelphia, who are in 6th place in the East -- just half a game behind the Washington Wizards and a game behind the Pacers.
The Miami Heat moved into 7th place in the East with a 149-141 double-overtime victory over the Memphis Grizzlies. – Rappler.com
× 146,000 cameras monitor Moscow streets. And the government is just getting started
If you're walking a dog in Moscow, make sure you clean up after it.
Moscow's government is upgrading its network of 146,000 cameras to better monitor city streets and make sure residents, businesses and visitors are staying in line.
Moscow's government has steadily built out the massive network of cameras over the past five years. They're posted along streets, giving the government a 24-7 view of street activity. They are mounted on everything from street lights to buildings and construction sites.
As governments around the world plant more eyes on the streets, people may have no choice but to be upstanding citizens. Crime might drop. But questions about privacy and civil liberties will also be raised. How much surveillance will people put up with? And what happens if camera data falls into the wrong hands?
In Moscow, the technology is a double-edged sword, according to Mark Galeotti, a senior researcher at the Institute of International Relations in Prague.
“It's this funny combination of big brother in both the negative and the positive sense of the word,” Galeotti told CNN Tech. “It's an authoritarian regime that wants to have all the capabilities for a security state. At the same time, [the Moscow government] is genuinely committed to providing public services, and is committed to a wired up city and pushing the various ways that new technology can actually make it better.”
Galeotti said he's been struck on his visits to Moscow by the number of city services that can be accessed on a smartphone.
Currently, the cameras are used to check if the trash is picked up, crack down on speeding and red-light running, make sure on-street advertising is legal and track snow removal. Roughly 75,000 violations are caught per day, according to Andrey Belozerov, senior adviser to the Moscow city government's chief information officer. Violators generally receive a fine.
But the local government isn't content with its success. It sees far more potential in the cameras, which have cost $250 million, according to Belozerov. It's working to make its system more intelligent so that video footage can be analyzed more deeply. Computer programs could analyze footage, automatically doling out tickets.
“For the future, we would like to have more algorithms, starting from whether a seat belt is fastened or not, or is a person talking [on] a mobile phone,” Belozerov told CNN Tech.
Moscow's experimentation is possible due to recent breakthroughs in computer vision. Engineers in the field are highly sought after.
“If you see a computer vision person walking down the street, you grab them by the neck,” said Andrew Moore, dean of Carnegie Mellon University's school of computer science. “So many products depend on having great computer vision engineers.”
The dream of computer vision researchers is to one day empower machines to see as well as humans. It's unclear when this may happen, but the implications of computers' new abilities will be vast.
And that's why dog walkers in Moscow should get used to cleaning up after their animals. In a matter of years, governments will be able to monitor and enforce good behavior like never before. Belozerov can foresee using cameras to automatically identify when a person doesn't clean up after their pet. Leave your dog's waste behind, and you risk getting a ticket in the mail.
In theory, a government could do this already. But it would require humans manually monitoring thousands of video feeds. That would be too expensive. But by automating the task with computer vision algorithms, it would become an affordable option for identifying bad behavior.
Earlier this year, Belozerov did a pilot test of facial recognition technology outside Moscow subway stops. Some cameras were able to recognize faces with 95% accuracy. Belozerov envisions making the technology available to the police department to aid in looking for criminals.
For now, the technology is still a work in progress. Some cameras in the pilot proved ineffective, due to the lighting or the vantage point.
As the cameras have proliferated, the city has had to address privacy concerns.
“The technology is relatively neutral. The real question is what is the political, economic and social context in which that technology is deployed,” said John Verdi, VP of policy at the Future of Policy Forum.
There are more than 15,000 people in Moscow's local government who can access the video footage, some with restricted access, according to Belozerov. For example, school officials can only access video from the cameras outside schools. The police department gets first dibs if it wants to point a camera in a given direction, or zoom in on something. All of Russia's federal agencies can receive camera footage upon written request.
Video recordings from the cameras are stored for five days.
“If we had more money,” Belozerov said. “We'd probably buy more storage.”
Democratic candidate Jon Ossoff speaks during the League of Women Voters' candidate forum for Georgia's 6th Congressional District special election to replace Tom Price, who is now the secretary of Health and Human Services, in Marietta, Georgia, U.S. April 3, 2017. Picture taken April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Bita Honarvar
Democrat Jon Ossoff listens to other candidates speak during the League of Women Voters' candidate forum for Georgia's 6th Congressional District special election to replace Tom Price, who is now the secretary of Health and Human Services, in Marietta, Georgia, U.S. April 3, 2017. Picture taken April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Bita Honarvar
Democratic candidate Jon Ossoff speaks during the League of Women Voters' candidate forum for Georgia's 6th Congressional District special election to replace Tom Price, who is now the secretary of Health and Human Services, in Marietta, Georgia, U.S. April 3, 2017. Picture taken April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Bita Honarvar
Republican candidate Dan Moody speaks during the League of Women Voters' candidate forum for Georgia's 6th Congressional District special election to replace Tom Price, who is now the secretary of Health and Human Services, in Marietta, Georgia, U.S. April 3, 2017. Picture taken April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Bita Honarvar
Democrat Jon Ossoff listens to other candidates speak during the League of Women Voters' candidate forum for Georgia's 6th Congressional District special election to replace Tom Price, who is now the secretary of Health and Human Services, in Marietta, Georgia, U.S. April 3, 2017. Picture taken April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Bita Honarvar
Democratic candidate Jon Ossoff greets supporters after the League of Women Voters' candidate forum for Georgia's 6th Congressional District special election to replace Tom Price, who is now the secretary of Health and Human Services, in Marietta, Georgia, U.S. April 3, 2017. Picture taken April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Bita Honarvar
Republican candidate Kurt Wilson speaks during the League of Women Voters' candidate forum for Georgia's 6th Congressional District special election to replace Tom Price, who is now the secretary of Health and Human Services, in Marietta, Georgia, U.S. April 3, 2017. Picture taken April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Bita Honarvar
Residents and a wide variety of supporters listen to candidates speak during the League of Women Voters' candidate forum for Georgia's 6th Congressional District special election to replace Tom Price, who is now the secretary of Health and Human Services, in Marietta, Georgia, U.S. April 3, 2017. Picture taken April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Bita Honarvar
Democratic candidate Jon Ossoff greets supporters after the League of Women Voters' candidate forum for Georgia's 6th Congressional District special election to replace Tom Price, who is now the secretary of Health and Human Services, in Marietta, Georgia, U.S. April 3, 2017. Picture taken April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Bita Honarvar
Democratic candidate Jon Ossoff greets supporters after during the League of Women Voters' candidate forum for Georgia's 6th Congressional District special election to replace Tom Price, who is now the secretary of Health and Human Services, in Marietta, Georgia, U.S. April 3, 2017. Picture taken April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Bita Honarvar
SANDY SPRINGS, Ga. After the crushing electoral losses that swept Donald Trump into the White House and sealed Republican control of the U.S. Congress, the Democrats' road to recovery winds through the leafy, well-heeled suburbs of north Atlanta.
Here, Democrats are threatening a stunning special election upset that could signal how well the party can turn Trump's low approval ratings into political gains. And they appear to have an ally in the April 18 vote: Trump himself.
In the first congressional election of the Trump era, a wave of grassroots anti-Trump fervour has positioned Democrat Jon Ossoff, a 30-year-old political newcomer, to possibly capture a House of Representatives seat held by Republicans for decades, one of 24 seats Democrats need nationwide to reclaim the House.
"The grassroots intensity here is electric, and it's because folks are concerned that what is happening in Washington doesn't represent our values," Ossoff said in an interview. "This is a chance for this community to stand up and make a statement about what we believe."
With Democrats desperate for signs of hope after Hillary Clinton's loss to Trump, Ossoff's underdog "Make Trump Furious" campaign has endeared him to national anti-Trump activists and pushed him well ahead of 17 rivals in polls. The documentary filmmaker and former congressional aide raised a jaw-dropping $8.3 million (7 million pounds) in the first quarter, his campaign said.
"I've never seen the Democrats around here so engaged, and it's Donald Trump who got us so engaged," said Carolyn Hadaway, 77, a veteran party activist and retired software engineer from Marietta, a city of about 60,000 people in Georgia's central Cobb County.
Georgia would seem an unlikely venue for a Democratic revival. Trump won it by about 5 percentage points in November. And its voters backed Republican nominees in eight of the last nine presidential contests, including the last six in a row.
But demographic changes are brewing. Growing minority communities and transplants from other regions have made Atlanta's suburbs increasingly competitive for Democrats. Georgia's sixth congressional district, the location for April's special election, exemplifies changes common in booming southern cities like Atlanta, Charlotte and Nashville.
The district is white collar, educated and doing well economically, with median household incomes of $80,000 versus $50,000 statewide, and nearly 60 percent of adults holding a college or professional degree, more than twice the statewide average. It is also increasingly diverse, and in recent years became a magnet for well-educated immigrants from India and other parts of Asia.
The district was about 80 percent white at the turn of the century. But since then, the black share of the population has grown from 10 percent to 13 percent, the Hispanic share has doubled to 12.5 percent and Asian representation doubled to more than 10 percent.
About a fifth of the district is now foreign born – twice the statewide average, according to census data.
Though newer immigrants may not be eligible to vote, census data indicate more than 40 percent are naturalized citizens, potentially bringing a different set of views on issues like immigration to the table than the voters in this district who sent Trump adviser and former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich to Congress for 10 straight terms.
April's special election fills the seat vacated by Tom Price, the new secretary of health and human services. It gives both parties a chance to test their messages for election battles next year in suburban districts where Democrats need to make inroads and where Trump's populist economic message did not sell well in November.
While Price sailed to re-election with 62 percent of the vote, Trump barely beat Clinton in Georgia's sixth district by one percentage point. In 2012, Republican Mitt Romney beat Democratic President Barack Obama in the district by 23 points.
‘JUMP OVER A CLIFF'
Republican candidates nationwide will closely watch the result as they calculate whether to embrace the president.
The 11 Republicans in the race have split between those who portray themselves as Trump supporters and establishment candidates who keep a respectful and sometimes wary distance.
"I'm ready to support him," former state senator Dan Moody, who was endorsed by U.S. Senator David Perdue, said of Trump in an interview. But "I'm not going to jump over a cliff with him."
Grassroots Democratic groups flood the district's tidy suburban neighbourhoods on the weekends, busing in volunteers from as far away as Maryland to go door to door on Ossoff's behalf.
The Ossoff momentum worries Republicans, say party officials, and outside help has arrived. A super PAC aligned with House Republican leaders put more than $2 million into ads painting Ossoff as too young and inexperienced.
Ossoff played down the strategic value of a possible upset.
"The national implications here will be about how this affects the political calculus for folks in the Republican conference in the House, not about how Democrats are supposed to run in the midterms," he said.
‘CONCERN, NOT PANIC'
In a low turnout special election, getting supporters to the polls is vital, and Democrats have voted early in greater numbers than Republicans so far.
"We aren't panicking, but there is concern," said Maggie Holliman, a member of the Republican state executive committee.
Ossoff's best chance is to win the April 18 vote, a "jungle primary" that features all 18 candidates from both parties on the same ballot. If no one reaches 50 percent, the top two vote getters square off on June 20.
Republicans are confident they can win a one-on-one race with Ossoff, as the party unites with organizational and financial help pouring into the Republican-majority district.
"There is a chance Ossoff can win without a runoff, but that's his only chance. He's benefiting from unified Democratic support and Republicans being highly divided," said Georgia-based Republican strategist Joel McElhannon.
Polls show Ossoff hovering in the low 40s, not enough to avoid a runoff. The leading Republican, former Secretary of State Karen Handel, is well behind.
Handel has been cautious in talking about Trump. She said in an interview she expected to work with him on issues such as tax reform and border security, but "first and foremost" she would be a conservative advocate for her district.
By contrast Republicans Bob Gray, a local business executive, and Bruce LeVell, head of Trump's national diversity coalition, pledge undivided loyalty to the White House. Gray said he was the Republican in the race who performed the behind-the-scenes political groundwork for Trump in the district.
LeVell pulled out his cellphone and showed a reporter text messages from Trump aides Kellyanne Conway, Sarah Huckabee Sanders and even Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner to prove his insider status with the White House.
"If people are looking for someone to help Trump, I'm their guy," he said.
(Additional reporting by Howard Schneider in Washington; Editing by Jason Szep and Mary Milliken)
[India], May 31 (ANI): In a frantic attempt to avoid robbery of water due to a heavy shortage, locals in Rajasthan's Parasrampura village are forced to keep the water drums locked outside their houses.
With the temperature hovering around 45 degrees in most parts of the state, water scarcity has become a big issue of concern pressing locals to continue with limited availability.
The locals of Parasrampura village get drinking water once in a week from Hindustan Zinc Limited. This triggered some in the area to rob water from others.
"Due to acute shortage of water, there have been cases of water theft at night a couple of times. So, we have decided to put locks in our drums to save our share of water," a local said. Such is the situation that the locals have started to guard their water drums and even consider it more valuable than gold. "We never thought that a day will come when people will rob water. Looking at circumstances, it has become more precious to us than gold and silver," another local said. Not just that, there have been cases of fights among individuals due to the water crisis. A lady from the village said: "The panchayat has asked us to preserve water and put locks on drums. People are fighting with each other because of this. These things won't happen if we will be provided water in every 2-3 days." The situation is quite similar in other Indian states including Himachal Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Uttarakhand, and Chhattisgarh. (ANI)
A WINNING CONNECTION
Angels manager Mike Scioscia played his entire Major League Baseball career as a catcher for the Dodgers and Manager Tommy Lasorda. Scioscia passed Lasorda's 1,599 wins as a manager with Tuesday's 9-2 road victory over the Tigers. Scioscia is currently ranked 20th on MLB managers career wins list.
In Mike's time
Since Mike Scioscia began managing the Angels in 2000, there have been 193 managers for the other 29 teams. Here's how many for each team in that span.
Includes interim managers, managers who had multiple stints with teams and those that served while others were suspended.
Sources: Baseball Almanac, MLB, Baseball Reference
Top photo: SCNG
Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily 3 Evening' game
SACRAMENTO (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the California Lottery's "Daily 3 Evening" game were:
1-1-5
(one, one, five)
¶ Ticket-holders with all three winning numbers in the order given win the top prize. Lesser amounts are also awarded to ticket-holders with other varying combinations of the winning numbers.
To save the nearly-extinct gharials or fish-eating crocodiles, conservationists bring together a male and a female, hoping they will mate
Published 11:05 PM, August 13, 2017
DHAKA, Bangladesh – Bangladeshi conservationists introduced two rare river-dwelling crocodiles to potential mates Sunday, August 13, in a last-ditch attempt to save the critically-endangered species from extinction.
A 36-year-old female gharial – a fish-eating crocodile once native to rivers across the Indian subcontinent – was brought from a zoo in northeast Bangladesh to the capital Dhaka, where it is hoped she will mate with an older male to repopulate the species.
A separate 40-year-old male was returned to the zoo in Rajshahi where there are only females.
Gharials can only breed until the age of 50 and as the small captive population in Bangladesh ages, conservationists decided intervention was needed if the species was to have any chance of survival.
"This is our last hope to rescue the critically-endangered gharial from total extinction," Sarowar Alam, who heads the International Union for Conservation of Nature's Bangladesh gharial project, told Agence France-Presse.
"We're hopeful we'll get some results, even though there are fears these adult gharials may have lost the urge to mate."
Bangladesh, with its vast network of rivers, was once a key habitat for the gharial, a crocodile distinctive for its large body and long thin snout.
But today they are virtually extinct in Bangladesh and the few which are seen likely made their way downstream from India.
There has been no sighting of gharials in Bangladesh's two Himalayan rivers – the Ganges and Brahmaputra – in more than a decade.
The species has also all but vanished from its erstwhile habitats in Pakistan and Bhutan, with fewer than 200 existing in rivers mainly in India but also Nepal.
There are 11 captive gharials in Bangladesh, officials say, and if the breeding program is a success it is hoped the infants can be released back into the wild.
"This is the first time we've decided to exchange the gharials among zoos so that they can mate and breed," Jahidul Kabir, the government's conservator of forests, told Agence France-Presse.
The Padma and Jamuna rivers, the main tributaries of the two Himalayan rivers, have been identified as potential sanctuaries for the species should it repopulate.
Conservationists have built artificial sandbanks in the zoos for the breeding exercise. Though gharials spend most of their time in water, sandy banks are essential for building nests and basking. – Rappler.com
(Adds confirmation, detail on apparent failure, UN Security Council meeting)
By Jack Kim
SEOUL, April 29 North Korea test-fired a ballistic missile on Saturday from a region north of its capital, but it appears to have failed, South Korea's military said, defying intense pressure from the United States and the reclusive state's main ally, China.
An official at South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff confirmed the launch but did not immediately have any further information. Yonhap news agency said the missile appeared to have blown up a few seconds into flight.
The test came as U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned the United Nations that failure to curb North Korea's nuclear and ballistic missile programs could lead to 'catastrophic consequences'.
U.S. President Donald Trump told Reuters in an interview on Thursday a "major, major conflict" with North Korea was possible over its nuclear and ballistic missile programs.
Trump praised Chinese leader Xi Jinping for "trying very hard" to rein in Pyongyang.
But both China and Russia rebuked Washington's threat of military force at a meeting of the U.N. Security Council on the matter.
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told the 15-member council it was not only up to China to solve the North Korean problem.
"The key to solving the nuclear issue on the peninsula does not lie in the hands of the Chinese side," Wang told the council in blunt remarks that Tillerson later rebuffed.
Tensions on the Korean peninsula have been rising as North Korea celebrates a number of key anniversaries, with both sides staging major military drills.
In a show of force, the United States is sending the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier group to waters off the Korean peninsula, where it will join the USS Michigan, a nuclear submarine that docked in South Korea on Tuesday. South Korea's navy has said it will hold drills with the U.S. strike group. (Editing by James Dalgleish and Lincoln Feast)
Kim Cattrall has moved on from Sex and the City, and she thinks fans should too.
The 61-year-old actress responded to a fan on Twitter Friday who questioned her yet again about the dashed plans for Sex and the City 3 — which reportedly fell apart after Cattrall said she didn't want to reprise her role as powerhouse PR maven Samantha Jones in the long-awaited sequel.
“So I've seen you doing interviews on ageism yet I see you on [Instagram] saying you're too old to play Samantha?” the fan named Josh wrote Cattrall, questioning her on a recent comment she left on Instagram. “I'm so confused!”
“Josh, I've played ‘SAM' for 20 years. Am I moving on & so should you,” Cattrall wrote back, plugging her recent two-season Canadian comedy series Sensitive Skin, which is streaming on Netflix. “Trying #SensitiveSkin my show on @Netflix.”
Josh, I've played 'SAM' for 20 years. Am I moving on & so should you. Try #SensitiveSkin my show on @Netflix https://t.co/mJYOybZMi8 — Kim Cattrall (@KimCattrall) October 6, 2017
Rumors that Samantha, Carrie (Sarah Jessica Parker), Charlotte (Kristin Davis) and Miranda (Cynthia Nixon) were reuniting for a new film — which would follow 2008's Sex and the City and 2010's Sex and the City 2 — had long swirled, with fans hoping to see the fierce foursome from the Emmy-winning HBO series back on the big screen.
But after almost eight years of encouraging words from actors, Parker told Extra on Sept. 28 that any possibility of a third movie is officially “over.” According to Parker, Sex and the City 3 had a “beautiful, funny, heartbreaking, joyful, very relatable script and story.”
“It's not just disappointing that we don't get to tell the story and have that experience, but more so for that audience that has been so vocal in wanting another movie,” she said to Extra.
In the aftermath, Cattrall has said that she never intended to do the film in the first place, claiming she refuted an offer to do the film back in 2016.
“I can't. My heart isn't in it anymore,” she later wrote to a fan on Instagram. “I've moved on. 61 isn't 53 or 41. I have learned so much from our Sam. She was my hero but I want to rest & not work as much as I have been doing for years. I want a less hectic life. My decision reflects where I am in my life & I can't change that without being unhappy. I hope you'll understand.”
She also maintained that she had refused to board the movie multiple times throughout the past year during a sit down with Piers Morgan for ITV‘s series Life Stories, while balking at reports by DailyMailTV that claimed the third movie was shelved because of Cattrall's “outrageous demands” to the studio to produce other movies she had in development.
While Parker has not commented publicly on Cattrall's decision to not take part in further SATC installments, Cattrall also called out Parker — who would have been a producer on the film — to Morgan: “And this is really where I take to task the people from Sex and the City and specifically Sarah Jessica Parker in that I think she could have been nicer”
RELATED VIDEO: Kim Cattrall Slams Sarah Jessica Parker as Tensions Surrounding SATC 3 Revealed: ‘Kim Killed the Movie,' Says Source
A source close to the situation maintains to PEOPLE that Cattrall's comments are diverting attention from the key issue.
“Kim is trying to distract from what this is about — which is this: Kim killed the movie,” said the source, who added the actress “was negotiating as recently as this summer” to join the movie. (Studio Warner Bros. has not commented.)
At 40, Brady had one of his best seasons with 32 touchdown passes and eight interceptions, a passer rating of 102.8 and, not incidentally, a 13-3 record to top the AFC. He did that despite missing his favourite receiver, Julian Edelman, for the entire schedule.
Brady earned 40 votes from a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league. That easily outdistanced Rams running back Todd Gurley with eight, and Eagles QB Carson Wentz with two. Wentz was considered a strong MVP contender before tearing up his left knee in Game 13.
___
6:50 p.m.
In his first season running a team, and as the youngest head coach in NFL history, Sean McVay won The Associated Press 2017 NFL Coach of the Year award.
McVay, who turned 32 on Jan. 24, led the Los Angeles Rams to an 11-5 record, a seven-game improvement from the mark they managed the previous year.
The Rams won their first NFC West title since 2003, and second-year quarterback Jared Goff improved exponentially under McVay's guidance.
McVay ran away with the voting by a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league. He drew 35 votes to 11 for Minnesota's Mike Zimmer. Doug Marrone of Jacksonville received two votes, while the Super Bowl coaches, Philadelphia's Doug Pederson and New England's Bill Belichick, each got one.
___
6:40 p.m.
Carolina Panthers linebacker Luke Kuechly has won the 2017 Art Rooney Sportsmanship Award.
The award recognizes the NFL player who best demonstrates the qualities of outstanding sportsmanship on the playing field, including fair play, respect for opponents and integrity in competition.
The award was founded in 2014 in honour of the late founding owner of the Pittsburgh Steelers and Pro Football Hall of Famer Art Rooney, Sr.
Kuechly will receive a $25,000 donation from the NFL Foundation to a charity of his choice.
___
6:30 p.m.
Pat Shurmur heads to his new job as coach of the New York Giants with a prize.
For his work as offensive co-ordinator with the Minnesota Vikings, Shurmur has won The Associated Press 2017 NFL Assistant Coach of the Year award.
With a backup quarterback, Case Keenum, and without prized rookie running back Dalvin Cook for most of the year, Shurmur helped Minnesota go 13-3 and win the NFC North with a strong attack. The Vikings ranked 11th overall in offence, doing so without a true star.
Shurmur earned 24 1/2 votes from a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the NFL. He easily outdistanced New Orleans defensive co-ordinator Dennis Allen, New England DC Matt Patricia, and Los Angeles Rams DC Wade Phillips, who all got four votes.
And Shurmur, former head coach in Cleveland, parlayed his Vikings work into the top job in New York.
___
6:30 p.m.
Los Angeles Chargers wide receiver Keenan Allen returned from two devastating injuries to win The Associated Press 2017 NFL Comeback Player of the Year Award.
Allen missed half of the 2015 season with a kidney issue, then was lost in the 2016 season opener with a torn right ACL. There were questions if Allen would ever player at a high level again.
He answered those emphatically this season with the best year of his career. Allen caught 102 passes for 1,393 yards and six touchdowns. He was targeted 159 times, nearly 10 per game.
That performance earned him 28 votes from a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league. He easily outdistanced Minnesota quarterback Case Keenum, who had eight.
___
6:20 p.m.
Hard-hitting linebackers Ray Lewis and Brian Urlacher and big-play receiver Randy Moss all made the Pro Football Hall of Fame on their first try, while controversial receiver Terrell Owens got in on his third time on the ballot.
Safety Brian Dawkins also got voted by the 47 Hall of Fame voters as part of the eight-person class that also included contributor Bobby Beathard and senior nominees Jerry Kramer and Robert Brazile.
Lewis and Urlacher helped define playing middle linebacker in their era with Lewis winning two AP Defensive Player of the Year awards and one Super Bowl MVP for Baltimore and Urlacher winning a Defensive Player of the Year award of his own.
Moss and Owens were two of the most dynamic receivers of their time, but also lightning rods because of an inability to get along well with teammates and coaches at times that led to each playing for five teams in their careers.
___
6:15 p.m.
No rookie had more impact on his NFL team this season than New Orleans Saints cornerback Marshon Lattimore, The Associated Press 2017 NFL Defensive Rookie of the Year.
The 11th overall draft pick and first from his position selected, Lattimore was a shutdown defender as the Saints won the NFC South with an 11-5 record. The Ohio State product had five interceptions and 18 passes defenced in 13 games, was a sure tackler and, by midseason, was someone opposing quarterbacks tended to avoid.
He missed three games, one because of a concussion and two with an ankle injury. But his performance led to a runaway victory in the nationwide voting by 50 media members who regular cover the NFL. Lattimore got 45 votes, far ahead of Buffalo CB Tra'Davious White with four and San Francisco LB Reuben Foster got one.
___
6:10 p.m.
Sam Gordon, 14, was honoured as the first "Game Changer."
Gordon played in an almost all-boys tackle league in Utah when she was 9.
A few years later, when Gordon wanted to keep playing, she learned that there were no more leagues in which girls could play.
Gordon and her father, Brent, launched the Utah Girls Tackle Football League — the first all-girls tackle football league. It doubled in size after its first year — and inspired similar leagues in Indiana, Georgia and Canada.
___
5:50 p.m.
Todd Gurley's sensational turnaround season in which he ran for 13 touchdowns and caught six TD passes in the Los Angeles' Rams equally impressive reversal of fortunes earned him The Associated Press 2017 Offensive Player of the Year Award.
The third-year running back was the AP's top offensive rookie in 2015, then had a mediocre second season. When Sean McVay took over as coach and Jared Goff was installed as the No. 1 quarterback, it was imperative that Gurley rebound. Did he ever, rushing for 1,305 yards and dominating defences as LA went 11-5 to win the NFC West.
Gurley got 37 votes from a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league. That put him far ahead of Pittsburgh receiver Antonio Brown, who received eight votes. Patriots quarterback Tom Brady got 4 and Houston receiver DeAndre Hopkins had one.
___
5:45 p.m.
In a year featuring outstanding rookie running backs, the New Orleans Saints' Alvin Kamara has won The Associated Press 2017 NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year award.
Kamara, a third-round draft pick from Tennessee, beat another third-rounder, Kansas City RB Kareem Hunt, in balloting by a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league. Kamara, selected 19 spots ahead of Hunt, received 28 votes to 21 for Hunt. Houston rookie quarterback Deshaun Watson, despite playing in only seven games before a season-ending knee injury, got the other vote.
Kamara shared duties with veteran Mark Ingram as the Saints won the NFC South. He rushed for 728 yards with a 6.1-yard average, and scored eight times. He also caught 81 passes for 826 yards, with five touchdowns.
___
5:25 p.m.
Aaron Donald is the first pure defensive tackle to win The Associated Press NFL Defensive Player of the Year award since 1999.
Often the province of outside pass rushers and backs, the Los Angeles Rams star broke the trend by earning 23 votes from a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league. Warren Sapp of Tampa Bay was the previous DT to win the award. Others have been Hall of Famers Joe Greene and Cortez Kennedy.
While the Rams' defence didn't rank highly in league stats, Donald was a force. The 2014 top defensive rookie spent 2017 destroying blockers, leading all players at his position with 11 sacks and had 58 pressures while usually being double-teamed.
End Calais Campbell, in his first season with the Jaguars, was second with 17 votes. Arizona's Chandler Jones got five.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By The Associated Press
Jimmy Brock
Writer
Whenever we think of development it's easy to take the word at face value, and just assume that giving more people homes is an inherently good thing. Yet the proposed accommodation can't legally be called homes, and is going to displace local institutions and populations for no reason other than profit.
Glasgow's “oldest pub”, the Old College Bar – that has been serving pints since 1812 – is imminently facing the wrecking ball and is to be replaced by a 326-bed student flat block. This new development will also mean the demolition of 223, 225 and 227 of High Street, as well as numbers 15 and 19-23 of George Street. Some may say that this is, to some extent, the nature of living in a city: old houses are ripped down, and new and improved installments are put in their place. It seems to stand to collective reason that new housing will invigorate the local economy, and benefit the arrivals alike.
This plan, however, will see a private company benefitting from the demolition of a local cornerstone, while giving nothing back to the community whatsoever. Sandra White, MSP for North Kelvin, speaking to The Glasgow Guardian, made it clear that “no one is against students whatsoever”, but rather the businesses that prey on them and don't care about integration with the local economy and population. She went further, making the point that as they don't pay business rates, what do they contribute to the local economy at all?
It is clear to anyone that has lived in student housing that it is not made with the interests of students in mind, nor the locals that live there. Most, if not all of us, have sat in our first year student flat and wondered with incredulity how the conditions can be legal. If you've lived in Murano Street Student Village, you would have heard the classic icebreaker at some point or another: “you know this place was based off a Swedish prison, right?” This discontent is not because they're privileged young people moaning about having to cook for themselves, it's because student housing is not legally categorised as housing.
Depending on the housing company, student accommodation is either categorised as a “hotel” or a “residential institution” – the same category as care homes, boarding schools and hospitals. This means student “housing” doesn't have to follow government guidelines when it comes to daylight or space. This allows companies to build cramped, poorly constructed housing on the cheap and charge what they want for it. The argument that these kinds of developments benefit students is both ludicrous and laughable.
At a meeting in January, one local judged that there would be a 100% increase in existing student homes if the planned proposals went ahead. Glasgow just doesn't need more student housing – especially when the whole industry that surrounds private housing is so deeply flawed. This proposal will do nothing for the locals but take away their homes and favourite haunts. And, crucially, it certainly won't give the students who live there an enjoyable university experience. All that these proposed developments achieve is lining the pockets of private investors that couldn't care less about the lives involved.
RICHMOND, Va. — Chase Rudy is three-years-old, and to say he loves monster trucks is an understatement.
A video of Chase after the Monster Jam show at the Richmond Coliseum on Friday shows Chase leaping with joy and smiling ear to ear. It also shows someone walking away with his brand new “Grave Digger” monster truck toy.
In the video, the toy truck Chase's parents had just bought him is sitting on the ground a few feet away from him. A child walks up, picks up the toy, looks at it puzzlingly, and then hands it to an adult. That person then walks off with the toy.
Kristy Rudy, Chase's mother, said they did not realize what happened until they watched the video when they got home.
“It was funny because I would have never noticed where it had gone. I would have just thought we dropped it on the way to the car,” said Rudy. “It was a misfortune, and I hated having to tell him why it was gone and that he wouldn't get it back.”
A video Kristy Rudy posted to Facebook shows the exact moment they told Chase his truck was gone.
After hearing what happened to Chase, CBS 6 reached out to Monster Jam about helping Chase out. The Monster Jam team immediately sent over a brand new “Grave Digger” toy truck for Chase and a program from the night.
CBS 6 reporter Jake Burns, who was an official judge at Monster Jam that night, gave Chase his official judges vest as well.
Chase's parents admit they don't know all the circumstances that led someone to walk off with Chase's original toy. They are just happy to see their little boy smile after receiving the surprise gift from Monster Jam.
Ton Buchner, CEO of AkzoNobel, poses during a photocall at the presentation of the 2013 full-year results in Amsterdam February 6, 2014. REUTERS/Toussaint Kluiters/United Photos
AMSTERDAM Akzo Nobel (AKZO.AS) CEO Ton Buechner repeated on Monday his opposition to a March 20 takeover proposal from U.S. rival PPG Industries (PPG.N), saying he sees no merit in negotiating with PPG.
Buechner and Akzo Chairman Antony Burgmans have been under pressure from major shareholders, many of whom say the company should enter talks on PPG's 24.5 billion euro ($26.1 billion) offer.
"It did not address the key stakeholder issues and other issues like uncertainties and risks that we had already raised in response to their first proposal" on March 9, Buechner said.
He cited antitrust and other concerns, adding that it was not "our duty" to advise PPG on how to make a deal successful when Akzo is not the one asking for it.
Buechner is due to detail his plans to instead spin off Akzo's chemical division on April 19, despite scepticism from investors and analysts that the plan could rival PPG's cash and share offer, which is worth 90.20 euros per share at current prices.
Akzo shares were trading up 0.3 percent at 77.96 euros Monday.
(Reporting by Toby Sterling)
Tent cities built along the United States-Mexico border could prevent a caravan of about 1,500 asylum-seekers from Central America from becoming the beneficiaries of the ongoing “Catch and Release” program, wherein foreign nationals are released into the U.S. while they await immigration and asylum hearings.
A caravan of 1,500 Central Americans, mostly from Honduras, are arriving in the U.S. this week, most likely through ports of entry as asylum-seekers, as Breitbart Texas reported.
Already, Attorney General Jeff Sessions has geared up his Department of Justice (DOJ) to effectively deal with and prevent the asylum-seekers from being released into the U.S. through Catch and Release by delivering more immigration judges and attorneys to the border.
While Sessions is implementing a legal wall to stop the caravan, Trump's Department of Homeland Security (DHS) could ask the hundreds of National Guard troops who have already been sent to the southern border to construct tent cities that could house asylum-seekers and border-crossers while they await their hearings.
As Breitbart News first reported, while the troops at the border are not authorized to act as fill-in Border Patrol agents, catching and detaining illegal aliens, they can construct barriers on the border.
"The Trump administration could set up tent cities along the southern border, similar to what President Clinton did in the 1990s… the National Guard has the authority to construct the tents on the border." https://t.co/DmtEQwfJRU — John Binder 👽 (@JxhnBinder) April 5, 2018
Former immigration judge Andrew Arthur has previously told Breitbart News that to unilaterally, temporarily end Catch and Release, the Trump administration could set up the tent cities along the southern border, similar to what President Clinton did in the 1990s.
Detaining the asylum-seekers and border-crossers in tent cities, coupled with Sessions' deployment of more immigration judges and attorneys to the border, would speed up the court process and swiftly lead to foreign nationals either being allowed to stay in the U.S. or being deported.
Most significantly, the construction of tent cities would, at least temporarily, end Catch and Release.
John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.
Taiwanese hiker Liang Sheng Yueh, who was lost in the Himalayas for over a month, smiles as he celebrates his 21st birthday at a hospital after being rescued, in Kathmandu, Nepal April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Navesh Chitrakar
Taiwanese hiker Liang Sheng Yueh, who was lost in the Himalayas for over a month, celebrates his 21st birthday at a hospital after being rescued, in Kathmandu, Nepal April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Navesh Chitrakar
KATHMANDU A Taiwan hiker rescued 47 days after disappearing in the foothills of the Himalayas and just days after his girlfriend died is recovering well in hospital in the Nepali capital of Kathmandu, his doctor said on Friday.
Liang Sheng-yueh, who turned 21 on Friday, went missing with girlfriend Liu Chen-chun, 19, in early March while they were trekking in the remote Ganesh Himal area in northwestern Nepal.
Liang, his feet riddled with maggots and his hair infested with lice, was picked up by a rescue helicopter on Wednesday. The body of Liu, who died this week, was taken to hospital for a post mortem.
"I feel very happy now," a confused-looking Liang, his head shaved, told reporters after cutting a birthday cake from his hospital bed, adding that he had not lost hope during his ordeal.
The trekkers lost their trail after a snowstorm. They had no local guide or porter. Liang and Liu survived on snow, water and salt he was carrying, but Liu eventually died from starvation.
"He has started taking normal food and is walking with the help of physiotherapists," said Chakra Raj Pandey, medical director at the Grande International Hospital.
Tens of thousands of foreign hikers who visit Nepal every year are a key source of income in the cash-strapped nation that is home to Mount Everest.
(Reporting by Gopal Sharma; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Posted by admin on April 17, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
A bolt of lightning struck a moving car during Sunday's storms, leaving a mom and her two children shaken.
Scroll for more content...
"I'm lucky and happy I'm here," said Dedra McClenahan, who was driving the car along Rt. 13 just east of New Athens, IL.
McClenahan said she had no idea lightning could strike a car. The bolt hit near the top of the windshield.
"Super bright, super loud," is how McClenahan described the strike. "When the lightning hit my car shut off and I just went over to the right."
McClenahan says she was taken the hospital to be checked out for tingling in her arm. Her two daughters were unhurt.
Despite myths about tires, experts say car strikes can happen and the metal around the vehicle actually offers protection to those inside.
* Weaker U.S. retail sales, consumer inflation hurt dollar * Report of Trump probe hits risk sentiment (Updates prices, adds quotes) By Nithin ThomasPrasad BENGALURU, June 15 (Reuters) - Gold edged up on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session, supported by softer U.S. economic data and a fall in Asian shares following a report that President Donald Trump was being probed for possible obstruction of justice. Weaker U.S. retail and inflation data overshadowed a rate hike by the U.S. Federal Reserve on Wednesday, raising doubts about the improvement in the economy and pressurizing the dollar. "Although the Fed is saying the data is transitory, the market is struggling to align with this view," said Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at OANDA. "Thus we are seeing the U.S. dollar under pressure which has been positive for gold in the short-term." Spot gold was up 0.3 percent at $1,264.76 per ounce by 0422 GMT. It hit a low of $1,256.65 in the previous session, its weakest since May 26. U.S. gold futures for August delivery fell 0.7 percent to $1,266.50 an ounce. "We are looking for gold to hold support around USD $1,260, with expectations that the recent soft U.S. data and ongoing geopolitical concerns should be supportive," MKS PAMP trader Sam Laughlin said in a note. Risk sentiment was hit after Washington Post reported that Trump is being investigated by special counsel Robert Mueller for possible obstruction of justice. As long as uneasiness around the Trump government among speculators and investors exists, gold will hold up pretty well, said Yuichi Ikemizu, Tokyo branch manager at ICBC Standard Bank. Gold considered a safe haven during times of political and financial uncertainty. "Spot gold was also supported by short-term interest in physical gold in Asia, especially from Shanghai this morning," Halley said. In the wider markets, U.S. stock futures and Asian shares slid on Thursday with MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dropping 0.7 percent. The dollar index was little changed against a basket of currencies on Thursday after having slid to its lowest since November on Wednesday. Among other precious metals, silver rose 0.5 percent to $16.96 an ounce after it snapped a five-session losing streak and settled higher on Wednesday. Palladium was near flat at $863.03 an ounce, while platinum fell 0.2 percent to $933.90. (Additional reporting by Vijaykumar Vedala in Bengaluru; Editing by Richard Pullin and Vyas Mohan)
SEARCH
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - The court-appointed special advocates for children, or CASA, broke out their Christmas trees on Monday.
Scroll for more content...
Christmas in July is a month-long toy drive for the kids that the group advocates for. This year they have seen an increase in kids through the CASA program.
"Last year we advocated for 1,033 children. This year we're at 900 and we're only at July." Glenna Cheesman, Director of Vigo County CASA said. "So, we know that we're gonna surpass that. So, we know that Santas gift bag is going to have to be really packed this year."
During the month of December CASA has a Christmas party for the kids. Each child they advocate for receives a present
"We figured instead of waiting till the last minute we would start early in July. When a lot less things are going on, a lot less hectic." Cheesman said. "Hopefully to capture people that maybe want to help but maybe during the holiday season they can't."
CASA has partnered with Chick-Fil-A and The Vigo County Commissioners Office. They will be at Chick-Fil-A tomorrow collecting toys all day.
Christmas Trees can be found in the Vigo County Annex. The trees will have cards on them with specific age ranges so that you have a better idea on what toys to get for the kids.
For more information and to get updates on where CASA will be collecting toys throughout the month visit their Facebook page here.
MBABANE – Rivalry aside, Mbabane Highlanders have congratulated their arch rivals Mbabane Swallows for making history by being the first team in the country to qualify for the CAF Confederations Cup group stages.
‘The Birds' made the country proud on Saturday when they sailed through to the group stages with a 4-2 win over AC Leopard from Congo Brazzaville. They came from 0-2 deficit to win the match aggregate 4-3.
Highlanders Board of Directors Chairman Zweli Jele said Swallows made the country proud.
“The patrons, directors and all supporters of Mbabane Highlanders hereby congratulate Mbabane Swallows FC for its sterling performance in the Africa Cup tournament. The club's strong showing in the continental tournament has not only increased its soccer profile but it has also improved the rating of the country's football in the world stage,” he said in a statement.
He said Highlanders, therefore, would like to offer its support unreservedly to Swallows as it continues to fly the national flag in our continent.
“Currently, Mbabane Swallows are undoubtedly the country's soccer flagship,” he said.
Matsapha United who were the first team to beat Swallows after a 28 winning streak in the SwaziBank Cup last 16 games.
Through their acting CEO Victor ‘Mavikane' Dlamini, he said they were proud of Swallows and they were learning from them.
“We are currently battling to win the SwaziBank Cup and representing the country in the continental tournament just like Mbabane Swallows. What they are doing is good and we are learning something from them. We join the nation in congratulating them and wish they could continue winning and win the tournament,” he said.
Highlanders are the only team in the country to have reached the quarter-finals in a CAF competition in 1986 while the format had no group stages. They were beaten by Egypt's Zamalek who where by then called FC National.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - A local park got some TLC on Sunday, thanks to a group of volunteers.
Scroll for more content...
Friends of the Arboretum made a visit to Deming Park in Terre Haute. They helped clean up around the Clark-Landsbaum Deming Park Holly Arboretum.
Volunteers pulled weeds, planted new trees and did some sprucing up around the area.
The group's mission is to oversee growth and development at the arboretum.
Scroll for more content...
When I was a homicide prosecutor in the Brooklyn District Attorney's office, my most challenging assignment was "riding" homicide cases. I'd get paged (often in the middle of the night) and a patrol car would pick me up and take me to the grisly scene of a recent murder.
If a suspect was in custody, it was my job to evaluate the evidence and authorize an arrest if one could be legally supported. I had to be careful because the case would be mine to prosecute before a jury. A mistake would put an innocent suspect in prison while the true murderer roamed free. The stakes were high.
Sometimes in cases of all kinds, as in the Carter Page matter currently at the center of the controversy over a GOP memo on FBI surveillance, a search or surveillance warrant requiring the approval of a judge is required to gather critical evidence.
I remember one night knocking on the door of an elegant Brooklyn Heights townhouse seeking such a warrant from a tough, respected judge at approximately one in the morning. I had tried many murder cases before this judge and I was hopeful she would grant a search warrant in my case. She looked a little angry when answering the door in her bathrobe with cigarette and scotch in hand.
After berating me for bothering her at such an hour, she scrutinized my warrant application. It was based on the observations of a drug addict who claimed to have seen the defendant return to his apartment gun in hand after the murder and then leave without the gun shortly thereafter. The addict was known to the cops and had provided reliable information in the past.
The judge wasn't happy about the quality of my witness, but she had been around long enough to know that witnesses in criminal cases often have credibility problems themselves. She granted us the warrant. A search of the suspect's apartment led to a recovered murder weapon and a conviction.
I learned that night that search and surveillance warrants are often issued on information supplied by even the sketchiest of sources. Unlike the street addicts whose testimony often sends criminal defendants to prison for life, the now-notorious Christopher Steele -- a former British intelligence agent -- appears to be, by comparison, a seasoned professional highly adept at gathering reliable information.
Even assuming all the claims in the Nunes memo are true, the grounds supporting issuance and reissuance of the FISA warrants were easily met. The FISA statute, designed to deal with national security issues, permits the secret court to authorize surveillance of a US person if there is probable cause that the person is an "agent of a foreign power...knowingly engag[ing]... in clandestine intelligence activities."
Although the activities might be "spying" for a foreign power, there is no explicit requirement of criminality needed to get a warrant as in a conventional criminal case. The number and suspicious nature of Carter Page's activities and contacts with Russian operatives during the Trump campaign would have caused any reasonable judge to issue a surveillance warrant. Page, a former Trump foreign policy adviser, denies having any illegal interactions with Russian officials.
The Supreme Court has stated that the issuance of a search warrant can be supported by the "totality of the circumstances" presented to the court at the time a warrant is issued.
The Nunes memo glaringly omits any revelation of what other supporting information might have been submitted to the FISA judge, choosing instead to focus on cherry-picked alleged omissions.
Many of the other criticisms hyped in the memo may not even be relevant at all. For instance, the claim that the judge was informed that Steele was paid by a named US citizen was accurate. The court was free to to ask the assistant US attorney submitting the Steele information any questions about whether others were involved in the payments. Nothing, incidentally, is revealed about questions from the judge.
Other points raised in the memo are interesting background material but would not render the surveillance warrant to be illegal in any way. There was no illegality in Steele talking to the press (Yahoo in this case) or even in the fact that he disliked Trump. That sentiment seems to be shared by a majority of the American public as the President in his first year earned historically low approval ratings.
It certainly would not require disqualification of an FBI source if the "totality of the circumstances" supported the warrant application.
The rest of the Nunes memo's criticisms that were purportedly earth-shattering, Watergate-like revelations are equally empty claims. The fact that the Steele dossier was "salacious and unverified" doesn't mean that the portions of it relating to Carter Page were untrue. The surveillance was authorized so that law enforcement authorities could confirm or deny through other evidence the accuracy of the claims against Page.
This was a case in its investigatory stage, not the finished product. Fusion GPS demonstrates the good sense to turn the Steele material over to the FBI ... in essence making a 911 call ... because as the Department of Homeland Security likes to remind us, "If you see something, say something."
The dossier on the President, whether true or false, could subject him to blackmail by foreign powers. The FBI was correct in telling the President about the threat, even if "salacious and unverified."
If there is anything shocking in the Nunes memo, it can be found in its faulty reasoning, writing and sourcing. The American public needs to know the "totality of circumstances" presented to the FISA judge in order to fairly evaluate the conduct of the DOJ and the FBI.
If I had presented such a document to that Brooklyn Heights judge so many years ago, she would have thrown me out of her house with no warrant and a stern reprimand. Congressman Nunes and his fellow Republicans deserve the same.
THE Supreme Court has been asked to lift the temporary restraining order (TRO) barring the Department of Energy (DoE) and the Energy Regulatory Commission (ERC) from opening up the power market to Retail Electricity Suppliers (RES).
In a petition, former legislator Neri J. Colmenares, who chairs the Bayan Muna party, said consumers should have the freedom to choose an Retail Electricity Supplier (RES) from the 23 short-listed by the ERC
The original TRO petitioners sought in February to block the implementation of the RES system. They were the Philippine Chamber of Commerce and Industry (PCCI), San Beda College Alabang, Inc., Ateneo de Manila University, and Riverbanks Development Corp.
The TRO halted the implementation of DOE Circular No. DC2015-06-0010, Series of 2015, ERC Resolutions No. 5, No. 10, No. 11, and No. 28, all from Series of 2016. If implemented, power users whose consumption met certain thresholds would have been able to leave their power suppliers in favor of a RES company.
The SC has yet to rule on the February petition.
Mr. Colmenares in his petition said: “Such a sweeping TRO is to the advantage of monopolies like Meralco (Manila Electric Co.), to the further detriment of energy consumers.”
He said the TRO does not allow consumers to “leave the Meralco franchise for energy suppliers offering lower rates” and they may “bear the increased cost of consumer goods as a result of higher energy costs.”
“The spirit of this Intervention is for consumer advocates to contribute to the process of dismantling monopolies in the energy sector. It is also to ensure that the voice of ordinary consumers from the captive market is heard on this very important issue,” he added.
Mr. Colmenares said the February petitioners “have no legal right to demand the injunction of the entire DOE and ERC issuances,” and that “the entire DoE and ERC issuances cannot be restrained because petitioners have failed to prove, much less allege, clear violation of the law or the constitution.” — Dane Angelo M. Enerio
With a teacher walkout planned across Oklahoma starting April 2, we thought parents would find value in some resources that could help them plan for child care or even meals that day, that week or for however long a walkout lasts.
Metro Family Magazine put together this list of available resources for child care and meal planning.
And the Oklahoma Institute for Child Advocacy created its own list of resources for parents.
Over the next two weeks and beyond, we'll continue to add to this list.
Siao, as city councilor in 2013, signed a a resolution to approve a lease contract without public bidding
Published 2:32 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The anti-graft court Sandiganbayan has affirmed the graft charges against Iligan Representative Frederick Siao for an alleged anomalous land lease signed in 2013 when Siao was a city councilor.
In a ruling promulgated early August, the court's 3rd division denied Siao's motion to quash for lack of merit.
Siao is now the representative of the lone district of Iligan.
Siao's former co-councilor and co-accused Michelle Sweet-Booc questioned the information filed against them before the court.
They are accused of violating Section 3(e) of the graft law, which states: "Causing any undue injury to any party, including the Government, or giving any private party any unwarranted benefits, advantage or preference in the discharge of his official administrative or judicial functions through manifest partiality, evident bad faith or gross inexcusable negligence."
As councilors and members of the Sangguniang Panglunsod in 2013, Siao and Booc voted to pass the resolution that authorized then Iligan City Mayor Lawrence Lluch Cruz to sign a contract of lease with Salvatori Development Corporation (SDC) for a 5-year rental of 20,000 square meter government land.
SDC is allegedly connected to the former mayor's relatives.
Cruz also faces the same graft charges as Siao and Booc.
According to Ombudsman prosecutors, Siao and Booc acted with gross negligence, manifest partiality, and evident bad faith when they passed the resolution.
The lease, the prosecution said, did not undergo public bidding.
Siao and Booc said their passage of the resolution does not tie them directly to the supposed crime of entering into the contract. They also allege that a contract of lease does not need to undergo public bidding.
In its reply to the motion, the prosecution insisted that the resolution was integral to the signing of the contract.
In the issue of bidding, the prosecution said the accused relied on a wrong law to support their case. They used the 2016 Revised Rules and Regulations of the procurement law when the transaction was in 2013.
"Hence, the applicable rule is section 53.10 of the 2009 implementing rules of and regulations (IRR) of RA Number 9184 (procurement law)," part of the court decision reads.
Under the said provision, "at least 3 prospective lessors shall be invited to submit a sealed price quotation, the purpose of which is to enable the government to get the best possible offer."
The court, meanwhile, was concerned with the sufficiency of information at this stage.
Citing a Supreme Court ruling, the Sandiganbayan Third Division said, "Information need only state the ultimate facts constituting the offense and not the finer details of why and how the illegal acts alleged therein amounted to undue injury or damage since these are matters of defense which are appropriate for trial."
"In sum, the Court finds and so holds that the Informations in these cases sufficiently charge an offense," reads the decision penned by division chair and Presiding Justice Amparo Cabotaje-Tang. Associate justices Sarah Jane Fernandez and Bernelito Fernandez concurred. – Rappler.com
March 30 China Health Group Ltd
* Refers to announcements in relation to an originating summons against li hong holdings limited
* Defendant has undertaken not to file a winding up petition against co based on alleged outstanding sum
* Company has undertaken to pay sum of us$4 million or its equivalent into court and so paid on 19 october 2016 among other things
* On 30 September 2016, hearing took place during which defendant has undertaken not to file a winding up petition
* It was concluded that plaintiff has shown that there is bona fide dispute of alleged outstanding sum on substantial grounds Source text ( bit.ly/2nzwdQ4 ) Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
A year on from his final, brutal showdown with arch-rival Anthony Mundine, Danny Green reflects on the triumphant end to his boxing career...and life beyond the ring.
How did I start 2017, the year which would be my last in boxing? Busted up, that's how.
But nothing was going to stop me from my long-awaited date with Anthony Mundine at Adelaidie Oval on February 3. My debilitating back pain meant I had to have three epidural cortisone injections and there were times I couldn't even put my own shoes on.
I was pretty ginger for a while, but I just had to stay mentally strong, switched on and disciplined and by January 1 in Melbourne, I was pushing hard. Every night after dinner, I'd been walking with my good mate John Hall because I also had to lose a significant amount of weight.
He's a good man and it gives you a huge lift when you know your mate is waiting for you at 9.30pm. We'd chew an apple, chew the fat, walk the dog and work out the problems of the world every night ... I actually think we made the problems worse, but we had a laugh.
I also ran into some problems with my left elbow. I had 11ml of fluid drained off it 12 days before the fight and then another 10ml out four days out.
I even developed an American alter-ego by the name of Chip. When when I was so sore that I could barely sit down after training, Chip would say, “I'm all right man, I'm good as gold, awesome”.
While I was broken down physically, I've learnt that the mind can overcome anything and we all wanted the Mundine fight so much. It's a very demanding sport and you have to push your body to the absolute limit.
Camera Icon Danny Green and Anthony Mundine go to war. Picture: Sarah Reed
The fight itself is difficult to reflect on because of the shocking, disgusting punch Mundine hit me with in the first minute. Most decent fighters would have been knocked out. It was a hell of a shot.
But in the end, the judges got the decision right knowing how many punches I threw and landed. If he hadn't thrown that cheap shot because he was scared and panicked, he wouldn't have been standing after three rounds.
To do it under such duress just made winning feel more momentous and I didn't sleep for a couple of days because the adrenaline was pumping. Probably one of the most special moments hugging my dad Mal for the last time after a fight - I've even got the moment tattooed on my arm.
Looking at the belt from the fight, It brings back very good memories. I never had the Australian title because I'd bypassed it earlier in my career and went for a world title in my 17th fight.
But it made sense for Choc (Mundine) and I. It was a big domestic fight and it was a fitting way to end a long rivalry. To finish on a high and know that's the last fight of my career - finished, catch you later, I won - it feels nice.
While I was broken down physically, I've learnt that the mind can overcome anything
I even remember looking down at my corner before the fight at my close mate Justin Manolikos and winking almost in disbelief that we had finally pulled the event off.
Looking at all my belts makes you proud of what you've achieved and takes you right back to all the moments. If I'm ever around them and someone rings a bell, I start swinging.
I can understand now what happens to elite sportspeople mentally when their careers come to an end because it's difficult to recreate those highs in any other part of your life. And it blows me away to think I've been fighting in stadiums and iconic venues such as the Adelaide Oval as a headline act for 15 years.
Camera Icon The fight against Anthony Mundine delivered Danny Green a belt that he'd never previously had. Picture: Nic Ellis
But you've just got to deal with it and I consider myself very lucky to have experienced what I did in the first place.
I never thought I'd do what I've done and that makes it all the more fulfilling. You savour it and enjoy it and appreciate that it was never going to last forever. Now I just want to stay as fit and healthy as I can for as long as I can.
And I still get such a buzz when someone beeps the horn and yells out “Green Machine”.
The “Coward's Punch” campaign also continued to roll on this year, but it still upsets me that people choose to get involved in street violence.
Unfortunately, society has eroded and anyone who disputes that has their head up their arse. We need to put a stop to this erosion.
As for the ring, I always want to fight again because it's so exciting. But to keep going, there is no real point. I did what I had to do.
The sun is shining, every day is a new day and I'm blessed. I couldn't be more satisfied.
Ricki Lake‘s ex-husband Christian Evans has died.
In an emotional Instagram and Facebook post on Tuesday, the actress revealed that Evans, who battled bipolar disorder, has passed away.
“It is with a heavy heart that I share that my beloved soulmate, Christian Evans has passed,” Lake, who was married to Evans from 2012-15, began the post. “The world didn't understand this man, but I did. He succumbed to his lifelong struggle with bipolar disorder.”
“For anyone who has ever lost a family member or friend to mental illness, my heart goes out to you. I am a greater person for having known him and spent the past 6 and a half years of my life with him,” she continued. “He was a man of love and what mends my broken heart today knows that he is finally at peace and his spirit is free.”
She ended the post with, “Rest in peace, my love.”
The couple got engaged in August of 2011 and eloped on April 8 the following year. Lake separated from Evans on Oct. 9, 2014 and filed for divorce a week late later, citing irreconcilable differences.
Lake told PEOPLE in 2011 that she began dating Evans, a jewelry designer, during the summer of 2010. At the time, she described him as a “normal guy. We met through my best friend. He's a nobody but he's somebody to me. He's everything to me.”
“We just clicked,” she told PEOPLE in 2012. “It just feels like he was the right one all along.”
VANCOUVER — Torey Hunter has been named the B.C. Lions' director of player personnel and player development.
Hunter had been a regional scout with the Edmonton Eskimos for the past four seasons.
A graduate of Washington State and a draft selection of the Houston Oilers, Hunter played defensive back with both the Eskimos and Montreal Alouettes before moving into the NCAA coaching ranks in 2002.
Serving on coaching staffs at Western Washington, Idaho State, Central Washington, Eastern Washington and Idaho, Hunter made his way back to the CFL in 2014 with Edmonton.
"I am very pleased to be adding Torey to our personnel staff," Lions general manager Ed Hervey said in a statement. "He understands the kind of unique talent we need to be successful in the CFL and I'm confident he will be a tremendous asset to our organization as we begin the process of building our team."
Hervey also said Neil McEvoy will remain in place as the Lions' director of football operations, while Geroy Simon will stay on as director of Canadian scouting, and add the job of CFL draft co-ordinator to his role.
By The Canadian Press
President Xi Jinping's address caps an annual session of the National People's Congress that paved the way for him to rule for life
Published 3:14 PM, March 20, 2018
BEIJING, China – President Xi Jinping delivered a blistering nationalist speech Tuesday, March 20, warning against any attempts to split China and touting the country's readiness to fight "the bloody battle" to regain its rightful place in the world.
Xi's address capped an annual session of the National People's Congress that paved the way for him to rule for life, as China's most powerful leader since Mao Zedong pushes through his vision of guiding the country through a "new era" of unrivaled global military and economic supremacy.
Days after President Donald Trump signed new rules allowing top-level US officials to travel to Taiwan, Xi warned that Beijing would defend its "one China principle", which sees the self-ruling island as its territory awaiting reunification.
"All acts and tricks to separate the country are doomed to fail and will be condemned by the people and punished by history," Xi told nearly 3,000 delegates assembled at the imposing Great Hall of the People facing Tiananmen Square.
But he also sought to address concerns about ambitious Chinese development projects abroad, saying they "will not pose a threat to any country."
"Only those who are accustomed to threatening others will see everyone as a threat," he added in an address that drew waves of applause from the legislators.
China is overseeing a massive global trade infrastructure initiative to revive the ancient Silk Road, drawing interest from nations participating in the investment but also criticism from others fearing that it mainly serves Beijing's interests.
The Chinese leader's plan to build a "world-class" military by mid-century has also raised concerns about how it plans to use its increasingly modern forces amid regional frictions over China's territorial claims in the South China Sea.
Xi used the speech to espouse his vision of realizing the "rejuvenation of the Chinese nation" – the "greatest dream" of the world's second-largest economy.
"The Chinese people have been indomitable and persistent, we have the spirit of fighting the bloody battle against our enemies to the bitter end," he said.
But his speech was also a reminder that the Communist Party, more than ever, reigns over the country's affairs.
"History has already proven and will continue to prove that only socialism can save China," he said.
"The Communist Party is the supreme political leadership of the country and the fundamental guarantee to achieve the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation."
Indefinite rule
The two-week session of the National People's Congress handed Xi, 64, a second term and endorsed the Communist Party's decision to lift presidential term limits, clearing the way for him to remain in power indefinitely after his new term ends in 2023.
His eponymous political philosophy, which was enshrined in the party charter last year, was added to the national constitution and senior government officials had to swear an oath to the document for the first time.
Some of Xi's key lieutenants were also promoted to top positions. His former anti-corruption czar, Wang Qishan, was elevated to the vice presidency while his top economic adviser, Liu He, became vice premier.
Wang could use his experience as a trade negotiator to deal with rocky relations with the Trump administration, while Liu is expected to have an influential role in economic policymaking.
Trump is considering new punitive measures against China over its "theft" of US intellectual property, raising fears of a tit-for-tat trade war.
"We hope that both parties can maintain reason, not act emotionally, and avoid a trade war," Premier Li Keqiang told a press conference after Xi's speech.
On the domestic front, the legislature approved the biggest government shake-up in years, merging the banking and insurance regulators to tackle financial risks, and amended the constitution to expand the Communist Party's role in the country's affairs.
Xi's campaign against corruption within the Communist Party, which punished 1.5 million officials in 5 years, was expanded as the legislature voted Tuesday to create a national agency that will scrutinize millions of public servants.
"The Communist Party of China must... resolutely eliminate" corruption, Xi said.
The government's propaganda machine worked in overdrive to nurture a cult of personality around Xi and stamp out dissenting views during the two-week session.
The People's Daily, the Communist Party mouthpiece, referred to Xi as the "helmsman" last weekend, an echo of Mao who was known as "the great helmsman".
The abolition of term limits triggered a rare bout of criticism on social media, prompting censors to block dozens of phrases such as "I disagree" or "emperor" as well as satirical images such as Winnie the Pooh – the cartoon bear that some compare to Xi.
China has stepped up its crackdown on civil society since Xi took power in 2012, tightening online restrictions and detaining hundreds of activists and lawyers. – Rappler.com
TEAM World's captain John McEnroe has named Nick Kyrgios as his first selection for September's Laver Cup in Chicago.
With selection based on mid-season rankings, seven-time Grand Slam champion McEnroe chose to use one of his captain's picks on Kyrgios; meaning that the Aussie will be on the team regardless of ranking.
It completes a stunning turnaround from McEnroe, who has directed a fair share of criticism at Kyrgios in the past.
“It's no secret Nick is one of the most talented young players on the tour,” McEnroe said.
“He's also one of the most passionate. He wears his heart on his sleeve and I couldn't have asked more of him at Laver Cup last year in Prague.
“He gave it his absolute all, on the court and supporting the team. He's the ultimate team player and I want him in my corner.”
Kyrgios played for McEnroe's team last year at the Laver Cup in Prague, not long after dealing with a public spat with the American, who had claimed his career would be over in “under five years” if his “bonehead” antics continued.
McEnroe's criticisms were never directed at Kyrgios' talent, but instead the manner in which he was wasting it.
But the two bonded during their time together, and Kyrgios is looking forward to representing Team World again.
“I love being part of a team and the Laver Cup was one of the best experiences of my career,” Kyrgios said.
“Mac and I have had our differences in the past but he was an awesome captain, huge respect.
“Being Australian of course it's an honour to play in an event named after Rod Laver, one of the greatest players of all time. But most of all I just loved being with the boys, it was a real close-knit team environment.
“We all got on so well, we had a lot of fun on the sidelines and we supported each other, both the highs and lows.
“I can't wait to play in Chicago with Team World having the home court advantage. We want to take home the Laver Cup,”
The Laver Cup runs from September 21-23 in Chicago.
* Tom Davies opened scoring after 31 seconds for Everton
* Leicester struck twice inside nine minutes to take 2-1 lead
* Lukaku and Jagielka headers gave home side 3-2 advantage at break
* Belgian Lukaku made it 4-2 with his 23rd goal of the season
* Everton host Burnley on April 15, Leicester travels to Crystal Palace EVERTON 4 LEICESTER CITY 2 April 9 Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Everton defeated champions Leicester City 4-2 at Goodison Park in a game which saw four goals inside the opening 23 minutes.
Leicester, who face Atletico Madrid on Wednesday in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final, made five changes ahead of their trip to Spain and the defeat ended the run of five straight wins since Craig Shakespeare replaced Claudio Ranieri as manager.
Everton took the lead after 30 seconds through Tom Davies but the visitors struck back with two goals in nine minutes –- Islam Slimani finishing off a Demarai Gray counter-attack and Marc Albrighton beating a poorly positioned Joel Robles with a curling free kick.
The home side got back on level terms with a 23rd-minute Lukaku glancing header from a brilliant Ross Barkley cross from the right and skipper Phil Jagielka headed in a corner four minutes before the break.
Lukaku struck again, with his 23rd league goal of the season, in the 57th minute, firing home at the back post after Leicester failed to clear a corner. (Reporting by Simon Evans in Liverpool; Editing by Clare Fallon)
Reverse psychology. Self-prescribed permission to wander off the moral path. A vice of my own, to have and to hold. It's tough to pinpoint or map out any real claim to accurately explain why we have become the drug addicts we have become, or how it happened so fast. What we do know is that life is a living hell — and it's a miracle we're not dead yet.
Live Burial, Emma McMillan's current solo exhibition at Bad Reputation in Los Angeles, is similarly a matter of life and death. In her usual fashion, the artist exhumes and dissects sacred material from “the junkie's crypt,” as she refers to it, the activity comprising a prolific period of methamphetamine-fueled output.
The show comes together as an art-historical investigation of archaeological proportions, summoning palimpsests in paint that form a basis for emergent Christian icons — however nonmiraculously. Canvases previously coated with innumerable layers of paint, then for some years abandoned, have been revisited and given new life, the artist this time using a high-speed rotary tool to shakily inscribe divine counterparts into the original muddied grounds of their built-up surfaces. Velocity, it seems, has been left in the hands of a blind driver. The paintings-cum-sites of linear excavation uncover two routes toward figuration, suggesting dual but disparate timescales that manage to harmoniously cross paths. Breaths align and pairs of bodies collapse into each other. They meet for a moment, then freeze in simultaneity as the accumulation of both additive and subtractive gestures remain, in the end, painfully evident. But are there actually morals to each and every story? Allegorical lessons entombed? Too much addition becomes an addiction, and the all-time highs do not descend without carving steep valleys on their way out.
It's mostly a blur. What's lost of one's memory disengages from its author, and a covered-up fuck gets named the Immaculate Conception. Sorry I'm not sorry. (Please God forgive me.) A lapse in cognition requires that bridges be built in order to successfully retrieve actions carried out during dissociative states.
And it is this absence of self, a mysterious vacancy, which becomes the anomaly to observe and savor in hindsight. The artist's then-altered state — characterized by inhibitions diminished or delusions drawn out — paved way for radical exercises in freedom and instinct. Transcendence can be reached via any number of available avenues.
By Scott Sullivan
Editor
The Saugatuck Public Schools Board of Education will confer with consultant Gary Rider to complete plans towards hiring a new district superintendent at its regular meeting Monday, Dec. 18, in the Saugatuck High School media center, 401 Elizabeth St., Saugatuck, at 6:30 p.m.
Nine-year superintendent Rolfe Timmerman announced at the board's Oct. 16 meeting he would retire after close to 30 years as a public schools teacher and administrator effective Jan. 26, 2018.
Members chose Rider, regional president of the Michigan Leadership Institute, to lead the search effort. During the Dec. 18 meeting, he will explain the process to be followed, describe the development and importance of a candidate profile, and help the board set a tentative timeline for the search and ensuing hire.
The board will also discuss the importance of feedback from parents, students, staff and the community, said Rider.
“Our firm will facilitate focus group meetings and a community forum Dec. 13 to gather data for the board to assist them in developing a profile for the ideal candidate,” the consultant said.
An online survey is posted on the main page of the district website, saugatuckps.com, to gather information as well. The deadline for submitting the online survey is Friday, Dec. 15, at 4 p.m.
“All of the information from the focus groups, community forum and on-line survey will be compiled and given to the Board to consider when developing the profile,” Rider said.
It's a royal flashback!
When Prince William brought Prince George and Princess Charlotte to the hospital so they could meet their new sibling, it was reminiscent of a very similar moment nearly 34 years ago, when a young William came to visit his new baby brother at the very same hospital.
In September 1984, a day after Princess Diana gave birth to Prince Harry at the Lindo Wing at St. Mary's Hospital in London's Paddington neighborhood (just like Kate!), Prince Charles brought a 2-year-old William to meet his new little brother, Harry.
Just as George and Charlotte held onto their dad's hands, Charles held William's hand as they walked up the famous steps of the Lindo Wing. Unlike 2-year-old Charlotte, however, William was not showing off his royal wave. Entering the hospital, George was the spitting image of his father (even if he is a few years older than William was at the time!), with their blonde hair and confident strides as they made their way into the hospital. As George was a little older, he was in his school uniform, while William was wearing the same white-and-red outfit that later served as the inspiration for the outfit that George would wear to Princess Charlotte's christening in 2015.
Prince William and Prince George, Prince Charles and Prince William ANDY RAIN/EPA-EFE/REX/Shutterstock; Tim Graham/Getty
Inside the hospital, they both shared a moment with the newest addition to their families.
RELATED VIDEO: Prince George and Princess Charlotte Visit Royal Baby in the Hospital
However, unlike George and Charlotte, who left St. Mary's via a side door, out of the view of the press, William departed through the front door. When he left, he was accompanied not by his father (who remained at the hospital with Princess Diana and Harry) but his nanny, Barbara Barnes, instead.
Prince William Anwar Hussein/Getty
Just over an hour after George and Charlotte's arrival, the public had a chance to meet the little royal prince himself when William and Kate exited the hospital with the newborn in Kate's arms. Unlike Diana, who spent two nights in the hospital before Harry's public debut, Kate left just seven hours after she gave birth.
CTV Atlantic
Queens District RCMP are investigating a house fire that claimed the life of a 89-year-old man in Port Joli, N.S.
Officers responded to the fire on St. Catharines River Rd. just before 11 a.m. on Tuesday.
A neighbour reported hearing a loud bang, then saw the house was on fire.
An 89-year-old man was found dead in the home, while a woman was airlifted to Halifax for treatment of her injuries.
Police say the woman was pulled from the home by a 25-year-old man who was working in the area.
The fire is not believed to be suspicious; however, the cause remains under investigation.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
0 Heres why you should never lend out your credit card
Around 35% of people who lent their credit cards to other people have suffered financially because of it, according to a new survey.
The findings from a new CreditCards.com poll show that while card-holders may be responsible consumers, it's a whole new ballgame when using O.P.P. (other people's plastic).
Here's why lending out your credit card could hurt your wallet
The survey examined 2,253 adults, with about 50% of them saying that the people they mostly lent their cards to were their family members like spouses and children. But friends and co-workers also were in the mix.
The consequences of such generosity included people going into debt (19%), not getting repaid (14%) and having their cards lost or stolen (10%).
The takeaway here is that it doesn't always pay to help somebody out by letting them swipe your card.
“My guess is that a large segment of those individuals are financial enablers,” Brad Klontz, founder of the Financial Psychology Institute, told CreditCards.com. “In an attempt to help somebody, they either loan them money or support them in some way that ends up hurting themselves. And it's probably feeding some financial dependence or money disorder on the other side.”
Credit card debt is at an all-time high these days, but if you've found yourself in debt, there's hope.
Money expert Clark Howard and team have come up with a way to help you get out of debt by applying some positive peer pressure: We've set up a new Facebook group called Ditch Your Debt to give you the support you need to tackle those high balances.
When you sign up, you'll join more than 3,000 others who have decided to tackle their debt. The sooner you start, the closer you'll be keeping more money in your pocket!
RELATED: How lenders use your friends to determine your creditworthiness
Clark.com
[India], July 04 (ANI): At least 10 people were killed after a major fire broke out at a firecracker godown near Koti Lingala Temple in Telangana's Warangal district on Wednesday.
The collector of Warangal district confirmed the report and said that four fire tenders were present at the spot to douse the flames.
The reason behind the incident is yet to be ascertained.
More details are awaited. (ANI)
April 13 Cinda International Holdings Ltd- :
* Discloseable Transaction In Relation To The Disposal Of Class A Shares Of China Dragon Internet Finance Fund Sp
* Company as seller, and purchaser entered into agreement
* Company has agreed to sell and purchaser has agreed to acquire sale shares at a total consideration of hk$46.7 million
* Pursuant to deal company has agreed to sell and jc consultancy limited has agreed to acquire sale shares
Source text (bit.ly/2pc8Jki)
Further company coverage:
Stadiums during the FIFA World Cup group stages were 98 per cent full on average, according to world football's governing body.
FIFA said that a total of 2,178,894 fans attended the 48 matches held across the 12 stadia located in the 11 Russian host cities.
The organisation also confirmed an average attendance of 45,394 for the group stage, which concluded last Thursday (June 28).
Empty seats were visible during some of the first group games, particularly at the Central Stadium in Ekaterinburg.
But the figures appear to contravene pre-tournament fears of multiple empty seats at World Cup venues.
The United States, despite not qualifying, topped the ticket allocation list with 97,439, Brazil on 74,803 and Germany - the defending champions who suffered an embarrassing group stage exit - on 71,687.
FIFA rewarded two supporters at the World Cup fan park in Moscow with tickets to the final ©FIFA
Ticket sales in England were just 34,235, representing a meagre number of fans from the country compared with previous World Cups.
It is thought pre-tournament tension between the two countries following the poisoning of a spy in Salisbury and fears of hooliganism following violent clashes with Russian fans at the 2016 European Championships in France contributed to the lower number of England fans.
FIFA has also rewarded two supporters at the World Cup fan park in Moscow with tickets to the final to mark the five million visitors landmark.
Father and son Aleksei and Dennis of Vladivostok were randomly selected from the crowd at the park in the Russian capital and were presented with their World Cup final tickets by FIFA secretary general Fatma Samoura.
"This is definitely the best place to watch the FIFA World Cup outside the stadium, and this huge crowd proves that," said Samoura.
Updated at 1 p.m. ET
New York City police say the suspect in Monday morning's explosion in a subway station tunnel near Times Square was wearing an improvised explosive device and that he suffered burns after it was detonated. Three other people sustained minor injuries.
“It was an effectively low-tech device,” New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said during a news conference hours later near the site of the blast, calling the news of an explosion “very disturbing.”
New York City Police Department Commissioner James P. O'Neill identified the suspect as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah. Public records show that Ullah has recently been living in Brooklyn.
The NYC Taxi and Limousine Commission confirms to NPR's Joel Rose that Ullah held a for-hire vehicle driver's license from March 2012 through March 2015, meaning he could have driven a black car or livery vehicle in the city during that span. A commission representative said it does not have information about which, if any, service might have employed Ullah.
O'Neill said the device detonated in a below-ground walkway connecting the stations at Times Square and the Port Authority. Ullah was found in the walkway, and the incident was captured on surveillance video.
“Preliminary investigation at the scene indicates this individual was wearing an improvised low-tech explosive device attached to his body,” O'Neill said. “He intentionally detonated that device.”
The incident forced officials to close the area to trains on some of New York City's most vital subway lines. Shortly before 11 a.m., the New York Metropolitan Transportation Authority said that while the A, C, and E trains were still bypassing the 42nd Street Port Authority stop, a number of other trains — including the 1, 2, and 3 and the N, Q, and R, had resumed making station stops at the Times Square 42nd Street station.
The explosive device was based on a pipe bomb and was attached to the suspect's body with Velcro and zip ties, according to NYPD Deputy Commissioner of Intelligence and Counterterrorism John Miller. He said that bomb technicians and the FBI are examining the device to learn more about it.
Ullah sustained burns to his hands and abdomen and was taken into custody, according to the police commissioner. The suspect was transported to Bellevue Hospital.
“This was an attempted terrorist attack,” New York Mayor Bill de Blasio said. “Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve his ultimate goals. Thank God our first responders were there so quickly, to address the situation.”
The mayor added that “at this point in time, all we know of is one individual” carrying out what he called a failed attack. He said there was “no credible and specific threat directed at New York City right now.”
Calling a bomb in a crowded subway “one of our worst nightmares,” Cuomo said that the reality of what had occurred turned out to be better than what had been first feared. The injuries seem to have been minor, he said.
Ending his remarks, Cuomo said, “Let's go back to work. We're not going to allow them to disrupt us, that's exactly what they want. And that is exactly what they're not going to get.”
New York City Fire Department Commissioner Daniel Nigro said the three other people injured were suffering from ringing in the ears and headaches, due to their proximity to the blast in an enclosed corridor. He said all three had taken themselves to nearby hospitals.
Police initially said the suspect was the only person injured when the device detonated. The New York City Fire Department later provided an update to confirm the additional injuries.
Around 7:20 a.m. ET, police said they responded to reports of a blast at 42nd Street and Eighth Avenue in Midtown Manhattan.
After the explosion, subway trains were bypassing the Port Authority and adjacent Times Square stations, police said. The Port Authority bus terminal was temporarily closed and later reopened, although Greyhound and airport service remained suspended.
President Trump “has been briefed on the explosion in New York City,” White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said via a tweet.
This is a breaking news story. As often happens in situations like these, some information reported early may turn out to be inaccurate. We'll move quickly to correct the record and we'll only point to the best information we have at the time.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
Recent news:
Opinion: Hard-line London
Adam McNestrie 11 December 2017
London has a very difficult balancing act to pull off.
On the one hand, EC3's (re)insurers need to extract the maximum possible rate increase.
But on the other they need to defend their books against competitors like the domestic E&S players in the US or the continental reinsurers.
You might say that this predicament is no different to that faced by any other market, or indeed company.
There is a difference, though. London has absorbed losses from the 2017 catastrophes...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
Designate who will be responsible for each bill using the dropdown menu next to each expense. When using this method, your income is irrelevant.
Your shared expenses are split in half for you and your partner. When using this method, your income is irrelevant.
The amount you and your partner owe for shared expenses is proportional to the total income you each contribute to your shared household.
What now?
Talk with your partner about which expense method works for you. Once you've chosen a method, consider creating a shared checking account, depositing contributions from each paycheck, and paying bills using your new account for a worry-free, streamlined financial solution.
The Government has approved counter-terrorism proposals which will require advance passenger information for flights entering or leaving the State.
The system is part of an EU shared intelligence network to counterterrorism and serious crime.
Under the plans, a Passenger Information Unit (PIU) is to be established in Dublin to collect, process and transfer data for use by law enforcement authorities in Ireland, other EU member states and Europol.
Dublin Airport | File photo
The new legislation on Passenger Name Records (PNR) will require airlines to provide advance passenger information to authorities.
The legislation is based on an EU directive, which the Department of Justice says Ireland must bring in by May 25th.
The PIU is currently operating on a pilot basis using test data.
The department says PNR data will only be retained for five years and then must be destroyed, unless legal proceedings are taking place.
The PNR data must also be depersonalised after six months, by masking out personal data elements.
MONTREAL — American Morgan Hurd is the new all-around champion after winning gold at the artistic gymnastics world championships on Friday.
Hurd had 55.232 points and finished ahead of Canada's Ellie Black, who claimed silver with 55.132 points. Russia's Eremina Elena, with 54.799 points, finished third.
Black came agonizingly close to making history as her final score was just .101 points away from first place. The Halifax native would have become the first Canadian to win gold at the world artistic gymnastics championships.
It is nevertheless Canada's first medal at the competition since 2006, when Kyle Shewfelt (floor) and Elyse Hopfner-Hibbs (balance beam) each won bronze.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as his colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as his colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
Fresh from another devastating flash flood that ripped apart their historic Maryland town, hundreds again ask themselves: 'Should I stay or should I go?'.
Fresh from another devastating flash flood that ripped apart their historic Maryland town, hundreds again ask themselves: 'Should I stay or should I go?'.
(DroneBase via AP). This image made from video provided by DroneBase shows vehicles swept by floodwater near the intersection of Ellicott Mills Drive and Main Street in Ellicott City, Md., Monday, May 28, 2018. Howard County Executive Allan Kittleman s...
(DroneBase via AP). This image made from video provided by DroneBase shows vehicles swept by floodwater near the intersection of Ellicott Mills Drive and Main Street in Ellicott City, Md., Monday, May 28, 2018. Howard County Executive Allan Kittleman s...
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with his son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with his son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
Only 1 in 10 will advance at National Spelling Bee
Only 1 in 10 will advance at National Spelling Bee
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get his appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get his appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
Officials from across the nation are checking out a prison program that can serve as a model for treating young adult offenders.
Officials from across the nation are checking out a prison program that can serve as a model for treating young adult offenders.
A spokesman said former President George H.W. Bush is in "good spirits" at aa Maine hospital but will need several more days of treatment.
A spokesman said former President George H.W. Bush is in "good spirits" at aa Maine hospital but will need several more days of treatment.
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE- In this Nov. 5, 2017, file photo, former president George H.W. Bush arrives for an NFL football game between the Houston Texans and the Indianapolis Colts in Houston. A spokesman for the former president says th...
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE- In this Nov. 5, 2017, file photo, former president George H.W. Bush arrives for an NFL football game between the Houston Texans and the Indianapolis Colts in Houston. A spokesman for the former president says th...
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - A judge in Philadelphia denied Meek Mill's request to remove another judge from the rapper's case on Wednesday, saying he doesn't have jurisdiction over the matter.
President Judge Leon Tucker told Mill's lawyers that only the state Supreme Court can decide the matter.
"We have a judge that wears the same robe that I wear, that has not recused herself and has not disqualified herself," Tucker said. "I don't have the jurisdiction to do that. It's as simple as that."
Mill's lawyers want Judge Genece Brinkley off his case, alleging she's been waging a vendetta against the rapper, including sending him to prison for the probation violations. She has strongly defended her impartiality.
His lawyers said after the hearing they would file a motion with the state high court
"Judge Tucker thoughtfully considered our application to reassign this case," said one of Mills' attorneys, Joe Tacopina. "While he ultimately ruled that he did not believe he had the authority to do so, we respectfully disagree and will immediately ask the Pennsylvania Supreme Court to reassign the case."
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court last month ordered Mill's release from prison where he was serving a two- to four-year sentence on a probation violation related to a decade-old gun and drug conviction.
Prosecutors have said they believe Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of his arresting officer.
___
This story has been corrected to show the judge didn't address retrial, only removal of other judge.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
* SSEC -0.3 pct, CSI300 -0.1 pct, HSI flat
* Real estate stocks in China remain best bets on new economic zone
SHANGHAI, April 10 China stocks edged lower on Monday as investors took profits after three days of gains spurred by Beijing's decision to create a huge new economic zone.
Hong Kong stocks barely moved, with investors unwilling to place big bets amid concerns about growing geopolitical risks over Syria and North Korea.
The blue-chip CSI300 index dipped 0.1 percent to 3,513.09 at the end of the morning session, while the Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.3 percent to 3,276.86.
Some stocks related to the Xiongan New Area, a new economic zone unveiled recently, continued to rally, with investors unfazed by the stock mark regulator's effort to cool speculative fever.
The Shenzhen Stock Exchange has apparently warned several listed companies against misleading investors with bombastic hype around the red-hot theme.
Still, developer BBMG Corp and cement maker Tangshan Jidong Cement jumped 10 percent by midday on Monday, the maximum allowed, for the fourth consecutive session.
But Zhang Qi, an analyst at Haitong Securities, said some saw "Xiongan" concept stocks were starting to lose steam.
Zhang said some profit taking was to be expected after Shanghai stocks had their best weekly performance since November 2016 last week.
Defence stocks climbed to a one-month high and added 0.4 percent by the lunch break as investors bet on further friction between China and the United States.
President Donald Trump pressed Chinese President Xi Jinping to do more to curb North Korea's nuclear program and help reduce the gaping U.S. trade deficit with Beijing in talks on Friday, even as he toned down the strident anti-China rhetoric of his election campaign.
There was little immediate reaction to news that the head of China's insurance regulator was under investigation for suspected disciplinary violation.
Industry bellwethers China Life Insurance Co Ltd and Ping An Insurance Group Co of China Ltd barely moved.
Real estate stocks remained popular bets, with an index tracking the sector rising 1.5 percent by the lunch break to hit a three-week high.
A flurry of economic data this week is expected to show solid economic growth in the world's second-largest economy in March.
In Hong Kong, the benchmark Hang Seng index was roughly unchanged at 24,273.60, while the Hong Kong China Enterprises Index lost 0.1 percent, to 10,267.78.
Concerns of capital outflows resurfaced after the dollar index climbed to a near four-week high in the morning session, potentially luring money out of emerging markets.
Mainland property developers hit a record high and then slid. They were down nearly 0.4 percent by midday.
(Reporting by Jackie Cai and John Ruwitch; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Speech to Text for Terre Haute North Bowling Team
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
as they head to state. the terre haute north patriots are getting ready for tomorrow's competition! we caught up with the group today as they practiced. they've made it to semi-state the last two years. but this year... they say the team-dynamic is a little different. [c4]thn bowling team to state-sot vo this year.. we've been more team-oreiented.. we've been working on that.. and be more supportive if possible.. the patriots will be going to anderson tomorrow! 12 teams will compete. "good luck!" now to the weather
April 10 China Merchants Securities Co Ltd :
* Board proposes to appoint wang yan as executive director of sixth session of the board
* China merchants securities co ltd - gong shaolin will cease to act as the executive director, chairman of the board
* Board proposes to appoint xiong jiantao as executive director for sixth session of board
Source text (bit.ly/2o0uRgJ)
Further company coverage:
SPOKANE, Wash. — A 37-year-old man says he was banned from a Starbucks in Spokane after asking a 16-year-old barista out to dinner, KREM reports.
The man, who was not identified by KREM since he has not been charged with a crime, said he was at Starbucks in Spokane last week and wrote a note asking out a barista.
“I was flirted with by a barista. For some reason she thought I was funny. Said I was funny. So I gave her a note to see if she'd be interested in dinner,” the man wrote in a Facebook post.
He said that when he went back the next day, a police officer told him he was banned from the Starbucks.
Spokane police said businesses are allowed to refuse service to anyone they see fit. But the man says he's facing discrimination due to his age.
“I know the female Starbucks barista was of legal age to date,” the man said. “I broke no laws. I merely took a chance with my heart. I'm tired of hearing the word ‘creep,' as any black person or gay person is tired of hearing certain words. I have a whole webpage dedicated to age gap love.”
He asked his friends on Facebook to call Starbucks and complain — but the request was met with opposition.
Many people took to the Spokane Starbucks' Facebook page to praise the store for barring the man from the location.
“I have never been so proud to be a Starbucks customer!” one user wrote. “As a teen I had to deal with similar issues working in a restaurant as a hostess. It is an uncomfortable position no girl want to be put in. Thank you so much for supporting your employees.”
A Starbucks spokesperson said, “We have no tolerance for any such inappropriate behavior or harassment, and we will continue to support our store partners and local authorities investigating the situation.”
April 28 Barclays Africa Group Ltd:
* Daniel Hodge has been appointed as non-executive director on board of Barclays Africa Group with effect from 1 May 2017
* Patrick Clackson will be stepping off board with effect from 30 April 2017
* Mark Merson, who has been on Barclays Africa Group board since January 2014, will no longer be a Barclays Plc-nominated director
* Mark will remain on board as a non-executive director Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
Firefighters are at the scene of a house fire in Spencer.
The fire was reported about 3:30 a.m. Tuesday in the 5800 block of Lacue Street.
Oklahoma City firefighters are assisting crews with the fire.
Stay with News 9 and News9.com for more information as it becomes available.
Each year millions of Americans face the reality of living with a mental health condition. One in 5 Americans will be affected by a mental health condition in their lifetime and every American is affected or impacted through their friends and family. Take action today to help others as we fight stigma, provide support, educate the public and advocate for equal care. Throughout May, NAMI and participants across the country are raising awareness for the importance of mental health. Each year we fight stigma, provide support, educate the public and advocate for equal care. Each year, the movement grows stronger.
May as Mental Health Month was started 65 years ago. Mental Health America and NAMI wish to raise awareness about mental health conditions and the importance of good mental health for everyone.
When a person has “good” mental health, they deal better with what comes their way. By contrast, “poor” mental health – such as feeling overwhelmed by stress – can make even day-to-day life difficult. Research shows that stress is closely linked to high blood pressure, heart disease and obesity. It also shows that people who feel depressed or chronically stressed may have a greater risk of physical illnesses.
The good news is there are many healthy choices and steps that individuals can adopt to promote and strengthen mental health and overall health and well-being. Building social support, eating with your mental health in mind, and stress management are important steps that promote good mental health,
Just as Americans have learned there are things they can do to reduce their risk of heart disease and chronic illnesses, we want to help people learn what they can do both to protect their mental health in tough times and also to improve their mental well-being throughout their lives.
For more information on May is Mental Health Month, you may visit Mental Health America's website at www.mentalhealthamerica.net/may or go to NAMI.org.
The 10 tools from ‘Mental Health America'
These proven tools can help you feel stronger and more hopeful.
1.Connect with others. Isolation is not good for our mental well being.
2. Stay positive as much as possible.
3. Stay physically active.
4. Help others.
5. Get the proper sleep.
6. Eat well.
7. Create situations for enjoyment as best you can. Plan a positive event each day.
8. Take care of your spirit. Faith is important.
9. Learn better coping in hard times. Just getting angry is no answer.
10. Seek professional help if things seem to be getting out of hand.
Mental Illness Awareness Walk and Fundraiser
In order to help the community raise awareness about mental health and mental illness, on Saturday, May 6, NAMI and Recovery Zone will hold their 18th Annual Mental Illness Awareness Walk and Fundraiser.
Our continuing theme is Raise Awareness Stop the Stigma. Stigma is an ascribed mark of disgrace or shame. Stigma is by far the greatest barrier which people face as to why they do not seek mental health treatment. Please keep in mind that most mental health conditions are related to depression and anxiety and not psychotic disorders. There is no shame in seeking treatment for these disorders. It is important to understand that these disorders are medical in nature and are not the result of a flawed character or poor parenting.
The public is invited to share in this event. This event will be held at the West Liberty Lions Park. Registration starts at 9:30 a.m. The event will go off rain or shine.
There will be prizes, music, food and a balloon launch.
For more information, you may contact Pete Floyd, 937 750-1702, or Ross Cunningham, 937 508-5099
Mental Illness Awareness Walk and Fundraiser is May 6
Pete Floyd is the president of the National Alliance on Mental Illness of Logan and Champaign Counties.
Pete Floyd is the president of the National Alliance on Mental Illness of Logan and Champaign Counties.
Tidjane Thiam, CEO of the Credit Suisse bank attends the World Economic Forum (WEF) annual meeting of the Forum in Davos, Switzerland January 17, 2017. REUTERS/Ruben Sprich
HONG KONG Credit Suisse Group AG (CSGN.S) will make a decision on its capital raising plans "as soon as possible," its chief executive said on Tuesday, without giving specific details on the timing or the type of fund-raising.
The bank upped its net loss for last year to 2.71 billion Swiss francs ($2.75 billion) from 2.44 billion. This cut its common equity tier 1 ratio, a measure of balance-sheet strength, heightening its need to raise capital
Switzerland's second-biggest bank has said previously that its current plan is to raise up to 4 billion francs via an initial public offering (IPO) of a minority stake in its Swiss banking division.
However, the bank is also considering a quick-fire share sale at group level and its board of directors is set to decide in April how to proceed, Reuters has reported, citing sources.
"The answer is as soon as possible," said Tidjane Thiam at the bank's annual investment conference in Hong Kong, in response to a question on when the bank would take a decision on capital raising and what options were under consideration.
"We understand that the market needs clarity on that and we are very keen to give it," he said. "We are working diligently but as you can imagine it's a complex decision, we also wanted to take our time to make sure that we give a considered answer."
Since taking over at Credit Suisse from British insurer Prudential in mid-2015, Thiam has been on a cost-cutting drive while shifting the bank's business towards wealth management and putting less emphasis on investment banking.
Asia has become the centre-piece of Thiam's strategy to turn the bank around. It has been one of the most aggressive foreign banks to expand its footprint in China, the world's second-largest economy.
"We are bullish on China, always have been, always will be, medium to long term. That doesn't mean that China is immune to cycles to the world economy or commodity cycles, but we think the fundamentals are extremely positive," he said on Tuesday.
But in the near-term, Credit Suisse would continue with its restructuring in the Asian equities business, which has weighed on the earnings of foreign banks due to tough market conditions, which will result in some reduction in headcount.
"The (equities) platform has to be of the size that's commensurate with the demand today not with the demand in five years or 10 years," Thiam said. "We have done some restructuring in Q1 more in Q2. Hopefully after that most of it will be done."
(Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee; Writing by Anshuman Daga; Editing by Stephen Coates)
Book: One Hundred Years of Solitude
Author: Gabriel Garcia Marquez
Reviewed by: Trevor Williams, managing editor, Global Atlanta
Over the past two years, I've had the fortune of traveling to Latin America with relative frequency, visiting eight countries on reporting trips for Global Atlanta.
Traveling without expectation, or at least with abridged knowledge, can sometimes be refreshing, as it frees the mind from the shackles of how you think a place “ought” to be. As a journalist, ignorance can help with impartiality. But it can also be maddening to get a simple taste of a country which is revealed to offer a feast of history and cultural richness, if you only had time to partake.
That's how I felt about Colombia, one of the first stops on this two-year odyssey. When I left, I made a sort of loose resolution to get to know these places more deeply through their literary giants — the authors and works they claim as key to understanding their shared heritage.
In Colombia, there's no more celebrated author than Gabriel Garcia Marquez, despite the fact that the journalist and fiction great spent much of his life abroad. (Tours of “Gabito's” haunts are offered in the Colombian coastal city of Cartagena, where some of his works are set.)
One Hundred Years of Solitude, one of his multiple defining works, unfortunately has little in the way of direct historical education to be gained. In some ways, the only way to understand some of the novel's aspects is to already be in possession of the basics of Colombian history.
But on the cultural understanding front, I felt I had uncovered a treasure on the order of the gold mines that fueled the settlement of the Colombian wilderness.
The story, which as the title suggests takes place across a century, follows the Buendia family through its triumphs and (mostly) travails. Jose Arcadio Buendia, the family's patriarch, is the archetypal pioneer, having led a rugged expedition to found the village of Macondo.
Like many who set off to create new settlements, he and his wife Ursula had fled personal conflict from the established communities nearer the coast. His wanderlust is never quenched, becoming reanimated with each visit of gypsies who bring exotic astronomical instruments and wonders like boxed ice. But Buendia's sedentary life is also a source of his unceasing angst.
It takes nearly 100 pages to lay the foundation for the plot, which weaves the family history together through the lineage of Jose Arcadio's sons—Aureliano the withdrawn yet somehow charismatic intellectual who becomes a rebel general, and Jose Arcadio, who shares his father's impetuous spirit.
Garcia Marquez's signature slant on the supernatural weaves its way through the book, creating delightful ambiguities as you attempt — and I emphasize, attempt — to follow its sweeping course. Literary symbolism is in no short supply, and the way the imagery shone through one language removed from the original Spanish gave me a newfound appreciation for translators.
In the end, I got the sense that this novel was about everything and nothing at the same time. Through the family lens, it's a story of settlement and development, of a once-cohesive interior community trying to reconcile itself to outside influences. It's a look at the restlessness of humanity, of our unceasing quest for something better, which often ends in disappointment or nostalgia for what once was.
Those who want strict historical fiction that will help them understand modern Colombia will be disappointed, even though certain themes of New World and Latin American history prevail, from European imperialism to the conflicts between the entitled elites and the common people which gave rise to leftist rebellions. (It was only after researching Garcia Marquez's liberal sympathies later that I was able to see why the Nobel Prize winner chose to integrate these themes into the book.)
But anyone that seeks to better grasp human nature, our aspirations and disappointments, our need for each other, will feel as I did at the end: As if a lightning bolt had struck my brain and spirit, reinvigorating my understanding of what it means to be part of this earthly family, with all the tragedy and beauty that membership entails.
Buy One Hundred Years of Solitude and support Global Atlanta:
Editor's note: Global Atlanta receives a commission on any books purchased through the Amazon links above. These links were added after the reviews were received and had no bearing on the books selected or the content of the reviews. If you find yourself wanting to purchase this book, clicking through from our site would be a good way to support our publication.
Posted by admin on April 18, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Listen to the arguments heard by the Supreme Court on consolidated petitions to nullify martial law in Mindanao
Published 10:34 AM, June 14, 2017
The Supreme Court (SC) continues its 3-day oral arguments on Wednesday, June 14.
The oral arguments began on Tuesday, June 13 on 3 consolidated petitions, which seek to nullify President Rodrigo Duterte's Proclamation Number 216 or martial law in Mindanao. (READ: Questions you need to ask about martial law in Mindanao)
Defending Duterte will be Solicitor General Jose Calida, who will go up against 3 groups of petitioners: minority lawmakers led by Albay 1st District Representative Edcel Lagman, militant groups led by Lumad leader Eufemia Cullamat, and Marawi residents led by Mindanao State University (MSU) Professor Norkaya Mohamad.
Listen to the oral arguments. – Rappler.com
As Inland high temperatures are expected to climb well past the century mark Friday and Saturday, local agencies are reminding residents about Cool Centers and offering tips to stay safe.
An excessive heat watch from the National Weather Service shows the temperature in the valleys as high as 113, mountains below 6,000 feet to 92, high desert to 110 and the low desert to 120.
While providing escape from the heat, the centers often offer amenities such as puzzles and crafts, water and more.
Authorities suggest limiting outdoor activity, wearing loose, lightweight clothing and staying hydrated.
Information: 211sb.org/cooling-centers, capriverside.org or lacountylibrary.org/coolingcenters
Inland centers include:
San Bernardino County
Bloomington Branch Library, 993 W Valley Blvd.
Chino Branch Library, 13180 Central Ave.
Chino Senior Center, 13170 Central Ave.
Preserve Community Center, 15800 Main St., Chino
Chino Hills Branch Library, 14020 City Hall Drive.
Gonzales Community Center,670 Colton Ave., Colton
Jessie Turner Health & Fitness Community Center, 8353 Sierra Ave., Fontana
Cypress Community Center, 8380 Cypress Ave., Fontana
Don Day, Community Center, 14501 Live Oak Ave., Fontana
Fontana Branch Library, 8437 Sierra Ave., Fontana
Kaiser Branch Library, 11155 Almond Ave., Fontana
Heritage Neighborhood Center, 7350 W. Liberty Parkway, Fontana
Summit Branch Library, 15551 Summit Ave., Fontana
Grand Terrace Branch Library, 22795 Barton Road
Highland Sam J. Racadio Library, 7863 Central Ave.
Highland Senior Center, 3102 E Highland Ave.
Loma Linda Branch Library, 25581 Barton Road
Loma Linda Senior Center, 25571 Barton Road
Mentone Senior Center and Library, 1331 Opal Ave.
Montclair Branch Library, 9955 Fremont Ave.
Anthony Munoz Community Center, 1240 W Fourth St., Ontario
Armstrong Community Center,1265 S Palmetto Ave., Ontario
De Anza Community and Teen Center, 1405 S Fern St., Ontario
Dorothy A Quesada Community Center, 1010 S Bon View Ave., Ontario
Ontario Senior Center,225 E. B St.
Ovitt Family Community Library, 215 E C St., Ontario
Westwind Community Center, 2455 Riverside Drive, Ontario
Archibald Library, 7368 Archibald Ave., Rancho Cucamonga
Paul A Biane Library, 12505 Cultural Center Drive, Rancho Cucamonga
Josyln Senior Center, 21 Grant St., Redlands
Redlands Community Center, 111 W Lugonia Ave.
Carter Branch Library, 2630 N Linden Ave., Rialto
Grace Vargas Senior Center, 1411 S Riverside Ave., Rialto
Rialto Branch Library, 251 W 1st St.
Delamann Heights Community Center, 2969 N Flores St., San Bernardino
Dorothy Inghram Branch Library, 1505 W Highland Ave., San Bernardino
Fifth Street Senior Service Center, 600 W Fifth St., San Bernardino
Howard M. Rowe Branch Library, 108 E Marshall Blvd., San Bernardino
Lytle Creek Community Center, 380 S K St., San Bernardino
Nicholson Community Center, 2750 W 2nd St., San Bernardino
Norman F Feldheym Central Library, 555 W 6th St., San Bernardino
Perris Hill Senior Center, 780 E 21st St., San Bernardino
Paul Villasenor Branch Library, 525 N Mt Vernon Ave., San Bernardino
Ruben Campos Community Center, 1717 W Fifth St., San Bernardino
Rudy C Hernandez Community Center, 222 N. Lugo, San Bernardino
George Gibson Senior Center, 250 N. Third Ave., Upland
Upland Public Library, 450 N. Euclid Ave.
Scherer Senior Center, 12202 1st St., Yucaipa
Yucaipa Branch Library, 12040 Fifth St.
Yucaipa Community Center, 34900 Oak Glen Road
Riverside County
Anza Community Hall, 56630 Highway 371
Banning Senior Center, 769 N. San Gorgonio Ave.
Renaissance Pet Resort & Spa Cool Center for Pets, 1346 E. Ramsey St., Banning
Albert A. Chatigny Senior Community Center, 1310 Oak Valley Parkway, Beaumont
James A. Venable Community Center, 50390 Carmen Ave., Cabazon
Calimesa Senior Center (seniors only), 908 Park Ave.
Rancho Calimesa Mobile Home Ranch, 10320 Calimesa Blvd., Calimesa
Circle City Center, 365 N. Main St.,Corona
Simpson Center, 305 E. Devonshire Ave., Hemet
Idyllwild Library, 54401 Village Center Drive
Eddie Dee Smith Senior Center, 5888 Mission Blvd., Jurupa Valley
Lake Elsinore Senior Center (seniors only), 420 E. Lakeshore Drive
Mead Valley Senior Center, 21091 Rider St. #102Mead Valley Community Center, 21091 Rider St.
Kay Ceniceros Senior Center, 29995 Evans Road, Menifee
Moreno Valley Library, 25480 Alessandro Blvd.
Moreno Valley Senior Center, 25075 Fir Ave.
Murrieta Senior Center (seniors only), 5 Town Square
Rose M. Eldridge Senior Center, 2690 Clark Ave., Norco
Perris Senior Center (seniors only), 100 N. D St.
Moses Schaffer Community Center, 21565 Steele Peak Road, Perris
Arlanza Community Center Bryant Park, 7950 Philbin Ave., Riverside
Cesar Chavez Community Center, 2060 University Ave., Riverside
Community Action Partnership, 2038 Iowa Ave., Suite B102, Riverside
Dales Senior Center (seniors only), 3936 Chestnut St., Riverside
Janet Goeske Center (seniors only), 5257 Sierra St., Riverside
La Sierra Community Center, 5215 La Sierra Ave., Building A, Riverside
La Sierra Senior Center (seniors only), 5215 La Sierra Ave., Building B, Riverside
Joyce Jackson Community Center, 5505 Dewey Ave., Riverside
Renck Community Center, 4015 Jackson St., Riverside
Orange Terrace Community Center, 20010 Orange Terrace Parkway, Riverside
Ruth Lewis Community Center, 701 N. Orange St., Riverside
Stratton Community Center, 2008 Martin Luther King Blvd., Riverside
Ysmael Villegas Community Center, 3091 Esperanza St., Riverside
San Jacinto Community Center, 625 S. Pico Ave.
Mary Phillips Senior Center, 41845 6th St. Temecula
Lakeview Chapel, 32700 Mission Trail, Wildomar
Los Angeles County
OTTAWA — The Competition Bureau is forcing Bayer AG to divest some of its Canadian canola, soybean and vegetable seed, traits and herbicide assets before it will allow the German pharmaceutical giant to purchase agricultural business Monsanto Company.
The watchdog says in a consent agreement filed Wednesday that if the assets aren't divested the takeover would likely "substantially lessen" competition in Canada's seeds and crop treatment sector.
Bayer previously said the assets would be sold to German chemical company BASF SE for 5.9 billion euros.
The bureau says it is reviewing the suitability of BASF as a buyer for the assets.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Metrovacesa: Bookrunner:
* ‍BOOKS WILL CLOSE AT 11.30AM UK TIME TODAY FOR IPO​
* ‍REMINDER BOOKS FOR IPO ARE OVERSUBSCRIBED​ Further company coverage:
ADELAIDE 36ers star Josh Childress will miss the rest of the NBL grand final series against Melbourne after scans revealed he had broken his shoulder in Sunday's win.
Initial scans on Monday showed no structural damage but further investigation last night revealed a scapula fracture.
It is a major blow to Adelaide's championship hopes given Childress is arguably Adelaide's second most important player behind MVP Mitch Creek.
Childress went down in the final quarter of the game two wins over Melbourne after driving to the basket and running into David Barlow.
No foul was called and Childress left the court clutching his left shoulder. He left the stadium with his arm in a sling and will take no further part in the grand final series.
Camera Icon A dejected Childress at training. Picture: AAP, David Mariuz (AAP).
It means Majok Deng, Matthew Hodgson and Ramone Moore will be vying for his position in the starting five when Adelaide travels to Melbourne for game three on Friday night.
Game four is back in Adelaide on Sunday afternoon.
Childress does not require surgery on the injury and will still travel with the team to Melbourne.
It comes as Adelaide coach Joey Wright is reportedly set to be fined and handed a suspended two-game ban for comments on the referees following Friday night's loss in game one.
It's understood the league took issue with Wright saying “Who should I talk to? Talk to Melbourne about Melbourne?” when asked if he would raise the issue of refereeing post-match.
reece.homfray@news.com.au
Well, the Picture This gig certainly didn't disappoint, they absolutely rocked the Arena 365. The two lads from Athy, Jimmy and Ryan, had the crowd in the palm of their hands, especially when they performed their smash hit singles – Take My Hand, Addicted to You, Never Change and Let's Be Young. Brilliant stuff out of them and they have a new fan in the shape of Paul Collins, although he kept singing ‘Shake My Hand' instead of ‘Take My Hand'.
It was a brilliant night and the ski trippers partied into the early hours. And the Today FM staff got a very early night too....who am I kidding?! We were in the thick of it, singing along to Picture This and dancing our legs off – it was such a great night.
On Thursday morning, Iano chatted to listeners Greg, Mark and Dermot who all had brilliant celebrity stories. Greg had shared a flight with Colin Farrell, even though he hadn't a clue who he was, Mark played football down a hotel corridor with Robbie Williams after his infamous Slane gig and Dermot told Mick Hucknall to get up off the bonnet of his jeep. Gas craic altogether. That night, we all headed up the mountain, in a snowy wonderland, to a traditional Austrian restaurant. We had some lovely grub, including a bowl of pancake soup which sounds slightly frightening but is actually delicious!
We were very well behaved that night and got to bed nice and early because we had an early start on Friday morning for the big show! For the final show of the week, we moved from Ian's Alpine Studio, up to the massive Arena 365.
We were joined by the one and only Mario Rosenstock for some live Gift Grub, Picture This for two live performances and a roomful of ski trippers, who were in flying form. What a great morning!
And then, just like that, it was all over for another year. What a week it was. Thanks to everyone at home for listening, for tweeting and texting, to all at Topflight and everyone who came along and was a part of the trip.
See you bright and early on Monday morning.
Voting is voluntary in Indonesia, but Jakartans and voters from 100 other regions across the country will live to regret it if they stay away from the polling stations on Wednesday. And the nation may be all that poorer because of it.
Voters should take their cue from the United States, where millions of citizens are now protesting President Donald Trump's policies, including the suspension of immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, although Indonesia fortunately is not on the list.
Many of those outraged at Trump's policies contributed to his election in November. A voter turnout of 54.6 percent was lower than the 57.1 percent that gave Barack Obama his first victory in 2008. That amounts to more than 110 million Americans who did not cast their votes in November.
In Jakarta, more than 7.1 million people are registered to vote on Feb. 15. They can hardly complain about the choice of candidates: Agus Harimurti Yudhoyono-Sylviana Murni, Basuki “Ahok” Tjahaja Purnama-Djarot Saiful Hidayat and Anies Baswedan-Sandiaga Salahuddin Uno.
With the four-month election campaign and three televized public debates, voters should have had enough time to assess the candidates' relative merits, not only based on their vision and programs for the city, but also track records, integrity and character. The three pairs are different enough to represent all the divergent ideologies, aspirations and interests of voters.
Agus-Sylvi is a combination of a young former military figure and an experienced bureaucrat; incumbents Ahok and Djarot have their track records to speak for them; Anies-Sandiaga is a combination of a scholar/educator and a successful businessman.
With most surveys indicating the gaps dividing the three pairs to be quite narrow, one single vote, your vote, could be the telling factor in deciding the winner.
As the election campaign ended on Saturday, Indikator Politik put Agus-Sylvi's electability at 19 percent, Ahok-Djarot's at 39 percent and Anies-Sandi's at 35 percent. The Indonesian Survey Circle (LSI) gave Agus-Sylvi 30.9 percent, Ahok-Djarot 30.7 percent and Anies-Sandiaga 29.9 percent.
The Electoral Commission (KPU) has its reasons for wanting the highest possible voter turnout: It is a measure of its success. In the 2012 Jakarta election, 61 percent of those registered cast their votes in the runoff round. Anything less than that on Wednesday would be considered a failure.
Candidates are also campaigning aggressively to make sure their supporters get out and vote.
The nation's capital city of 10.5 million is struggling to address long standing problems. It needs a governor who can lead the bureaucracy with accountability and transparency to address complex problems, such as traffic congestion, flooding, poverty and a widening wealth gap, and lack of housing and sanitation facilities.
Jakartans never stop complaining about the state of their city, from poor public services to endless traffic jams. Wednesday's election is their only chance to decide who should be at the helm in solving these problems.
Unlike in neighboring Singapore and Australia, where voting is obligatory, it is a democratic choice in Indonesia. You don't go to jail if you don't vote. Still, the government has campaigned hard to encourage as many people as possible to go out and vote. Wednesday has been declared a national holiday.
Indonesia can take pride in its status as the third-largest democracy in the world. Since it launched political reforms in 1998, it has held four presidential and legislative elections. Unlike in the past under the Soeharto regime, now voters elect their leaders directly, from presidents and governors down to regents and mayors. They have more power in deciding who should lead them, and they have the power to remove incumbents who fail to deliver through periodic elections.
Understandably, many are disappointed at the leaders that have emerged from the more open political system. Many of these democratically elected leaders have been arrested and convicted of corruption. Some things have barely changed in spite of democracy, and one of the things that has not changed is the level of corruption.
Voter turnout of between 50 and 60 percent in many past local elections indicates increasing public apathy. Turnout tends to be higher in national elections.
If apathy runs high (at least by Indonesia's standards), that is because the democratic system has yet to deliver what the people want from their leaders: Effective, efficient and accountable government.
But if people go along with the notion that their votes don't make a difference, then not only is Jakarta doomed to go the way of the US by handing victory to candidates of dubious quality, but democracy itself is in danger of crumbling if people lose faith in it.
As the capital city of Indonesia, Jakarta is considered the barometer of the nation's politics. What happens in this year's election will have a bearing on the national political landscape, including the 2019 presidential election. President Joko Widodo won the Jakarta gubernatorial election in 2012 with Ahok as his running mate. In 2014, he ran in the presidential race and won.
So to Jakartans who are registed to vote on Wednesday, we say please go out and vote and make a difference. Or we will all be sorry and have to wait for another five years to make good on our mistake.
Planned Parenthood views the horrific events in Charlottesville Saturday as white supremacists' desire to deny abortion to minorities.
The organization – founded by eugenicist Margaret Sanger – is urging its supporters to #StandWithCharlottesville against “racism” and “white supremacy.”
advertisement
“Racial justice is reproductive justice,” tweets Planned Parenthood Advocates of Indiana and Kentucky. “#StandWithCharlottesville against racism & hate in your community”:
Hoosiers & Kentuckians: Join a demonstration to #StandWithCharlottesville against racism & hate in your community: https://t.co/mUsn5AvnQ6 pic.twitter.com/UlCxUHcMx0 — PP Advocates of INKY (@PPAdvocatesINKY) August 13, 2017
.@RepealHydeArtPr ty for this imp reminder as folks organize to support anti-racism efforts across the US in #solidarity w #Charolettesville pic.twitter.com/SOBYpVbujj — PP Advocates of INKY (@PPAdvocatesINKY) August 13, 2017
“Planned Parenthood stands against white supremacy & racism,” tweets Planned Parenthood Action Fund:
Planned Parenthood stands against white supremacy & racism. Join an event near you & #StandWithCharlottesville: https://t.co/QudQ91cNNr pic.twitter.com/LuL3oaZTvT — Planned Parenthood (@PPact) August 13, 2017
“In order for our country to live up to its promise and democratic values, bigotry of all kinds must be rejected,” the abortion vendor continues. “We must not only condemn these actions, but also work relentlessly and collectively to put an end to white supremacy”:
Now, more than ever, we cannot remain silent as marginalized & oppressed communities face appalling attacks. #StandwithCharlottesville pic.twitter.com/52mWFCnbpO — Planned Parenthood (@PPact) August 13, 2017
These are words from an organization that was founded by eugenicist Margaret Sanger – whose bust and images are still celebrated in the Smithsonian Institution's National Portrait Gallery (NPG), despite a call by a national group of black ministers to have them removed.
In a letter to the gallery's director two years ago, Ministers Taking a Stand wrote:
Perhaps the Gallery is unaware that Ms. Sanger supported black eugenics, a racist attitude toward black and other minority babies; an elitist attitude toward those she regarded as “the feeble minded;” speaking at rallies of Ku Klux Klan women; and communications with Hitler sympathizers. Also, the notorious “Negro Project” which sought to limit, if not eliminate, black births, was her brainchild. Despite these well-documented facts of history, her bust sits proudly in your gallery as a hero of justice. The obvious incongruity is staggering! Perhaps your institution is a victim of propaganda advanced by those who support abortion. Nevertheless, a prestigious institution like the National Portrait Gallery should have higher standards and subject its honorees to higher scrutiny… Like Hitler, Sanger advocated eugenics – the extermination of people she deemed “undesirables.” Finding that the American people rejected that idea, she then switched to birth control as a way of controlling the population growth of black people and others.
Now, more than ever, it is unacceptable to remain silent as marginalized and oppressed communities face violence & hatred. #Charlottesviille pic.twitter.com/b7vm1MZAIo — Cecile Richards (@CecileRichards) August 12, 2017
In an interview with Breitbart News at the time, Bishop E.W. Jackson of S.T.A.N.D. said his group received a response from the NPG, which referred to Sanger as a person who struggled for justice because she tried to make birth control and reproductive freedom available to poor women.
“We responded back that this was not Sanger's motivation,” Jackson asserts. “Her motivation was stopping people whom she considered ‘defective' from having what she would call ‘defective children.'”
“She thought that black people needed to be stopped from propagating and growing their population, and other people she called ‘feeble-minded,'” he adds. “And the analogy I drew is that's like saying, ‘Hitler might have been controversial, but at least he helped population control.'”
Jackson said it is “outrageous” that Sanger is held in high esteem.
“We will not rest until it's taken down,” he asserts. “We want to make sure that everybody in America knows who Margaret Sanger actually was. We think that will put Planned Parenthood and what they do in the proper perspective and I hope this will be one more nail in the coffin of Planned Parenthood.”
On Sat, Trump used his Twitter bully pulpit to decry hate & violence ‘on many sides.' Clarification: THERE IS ONLY ONE SIDE #Charlottesville pic.twitter.com/E5n7a4Cfr1 — NARAL (@NARAL) August 13, 2017
Ryan Bomberger, chief creative officer of The Radiance Foundation, also told Breitbart News, “Museums educate the public about history. The NPG, however, wants to create a dangerous and fictionalized version of it.”
“Planned Parenthood was born in eugenic racism and elitism, and Margaret Sanger was the mother who gave birth to the world's largest abortion chain,” he continued. “In the city where Planned Parenthood began, more black babies are aborted than born alive according to the New York Department of Health and Mental Hygiene. This is not the result of justice. It's the result of animus.”
Regarding the notion that the institutional left upholds Planned Parenthood, founded by a racist, yet cites racism as the downfall of the United States, Bomberger added, “Liberals find racism in every institution of American life, except in the one industry that kills for a living.”
“Abortion is the number one killer in the black community (363,705 abortions versus 285,522 deaths from all causes of death combined),” he added. “Yet the propagandistic and hypocritical #BlackLivesMatter movement leadership stands with Planned Parenthood, proving that only some black lives matter.”
Last November, singer and TV personality Nick Cannon said Planned Parenthood inflicted “real genocide” on black Americans, later asserting the abortion provider was designed to “exterminate” black people.
“When you talked about Margaret Sanger, all the people who follow eugenics. It was all about cleansing,” the America's Got Talent host said of Planned Parenthood's founder in an interview with DJ Vlad.
“Margaret Sanger said that she wanted to exterminate the Negro race, and that she was going to use her organization as she founded to do so,” Cannon continued. “It was more about the sterilization and where it comes to actual ethnic cleansing — where they actually said we want to get rid of a class of people, a group of people. Seventy-five percent of them are all in the hood.”
“They like to label ‘feeble-minded' or ‘lower-class,' that's what they used in public. In private, they were talking about the black community,” Cannon said.
Sanger's organization – which now takes in more than $500 million in taxpayer funding annually – grew to perform over 300,000 abortions per year in the United States. According to the 2010 census, 79 percent of Planned Parenthood's surgical abortion facilities are located within walking distance of black or Hispanic neighborhoods.
About 59 million abortions have been performed in the country since the Supreme Court's Roe v. Wade decision in 1973, nearly 18 million of them on black babies. As Breitbart News has reported, the Alan Guttmacher Institute also provided data showing that about 30 percent of all abortions in the U.S. are performed on black women, with another 25 percent performed on Hispanic women.
Baltimore Ravens tight end Ben Watson commented on Sanger's bigotry in August.
“I do know that blacks kind of represent a large portion of the abortions,” Watson told TurningPointFriends.org, “and I do know that honestly the whole idea with Planned Parenthood and [founder Margaret] Sanger in the past was to exterminate blacks, and it's kind of ironic that it's working.”
Retired NFL Super Bowl champion Burgess Owens backed up Watson.
“Sanger looked at blacks as ‘weeds,'” Owens told Breitbart News, adding that the NAACP was complicit in the decimation of the black community through abortion. He added, “The NAACP was not a black-run, black-originated organization. It was run by 21 white, socialist, atheist, Marxist Democrats. It was the antithesis of Rev. Martin Luther King Sr.'s community at that time, which was capitalist, Christian, very pro-life, and pro-America. So, these 21 white people began to put a message through to the black community that Democrats were good, liberalism was good, and they subscribed to the same philosophy that Margaret Sanger believed of blacks at that time.”
Sanger, who began the Negro Project in 1939 and worked to bring birth control to blacks in an effort to reduce their population, joined with elite and well known African Americans Mary McLeod Bethune, W.E.B. DuBois, and Rev. Adam Clayton Powell Sr. The Negro Project was sold as a solution to poverty and high birth rates among the black community. At the same time Sanger promoted her theory of “eliminating the unfit,” she also condemned charitable organizations that she believed were elevating the very population that needed to be weeded out.
“If you wonder why urban, young, black women are allowing themselves to be victimized by Planned Parenthood, look at BET [Black Entertainment Television], which is owned by very wealthy white Democrats,” Owens urged. “Look at the 15 years of messaging that has been gotten through to our urban black communities: anti-white, anti-police, anti-family, and pro-abortion.”
“Forty percent of black babies have been given to the altar of abortion,” he observed. “In any other society, that would be considered genocide. Today, we put a nice name to it and, at the same time, have convinced our own mothers that their babies are no more than an inconvenience or a profit.”
MOSCOW, April 3 An explosion in the St Petersburg metro system on Monday has killed at least 10 people, according to "preliminary information," Russian news agency TASS reported.
A Reuters witness saw eight ambulances near the Sennaya Ploshchad metro station.
Another agency, RIA Novosti, said there appeared to have been blasts at two metro stations.
Three metro stations have been closed, local media outlet Fontanka reported.
(Reporting by Alexander Winning; writing by Sujata Rao)
0 Rapper Meek Mill released from prison after 5 months
PHILADELPHIA - The Pennsylvania Supreme Court has ordered the immediate release of rapper Meek Mill.
TMZ reported that the 30-year-old, whose birth name is Robert Rihmeek Williams, was denied bail last week by Judge Genece Brinkley. Brinkley had been criticized for having what some considered a bias against Meek.
>> Read more trending news
In November, Meek was sentenced to two to four years in prison after violating probation for a drug and weapons case when he was 21.
The Associated Press reported that Meek will be on bail while he appeals the gun and drug convictions.
Activists and celebrities, including JAY-Z, T.I. and Kevin Hart, have shown support for Meek. At the time of the sentencing, JAY-Z said Brinkley's sentence was “unjust and heavy handed.” Hart visited Meek in prison earlier Tuesday with 76ers co-owner Michael Rubin.
“We are thrilled that the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has directed Judge Brinkley to immediately issue an order releasing Meek on bail,” Meek's lawyer, Joe Tacopina, said in a statement. “As we have said all along, Meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail. We are also pleased that the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has noted that Judge Brinkley may opt to remove herself from presiding over any further proceedings in Meek's case in the interests of justice. Meek is excited to be reunited with his family, and we, along with Meek, intend to continue to shine the light on a justice system in need of reform to prevent any other citizen from being put through what Meek has endured.”
Meek himself issued a statement that was posted on his Twitter page. He thanked his supporters and advocates while voicing plans to bring attention to people of color in prison and move on with his career.
“I'd like to thank God, my family, and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time,” the statement said. “While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letters and rallies have helped me stay positive.
“To the Philly District Attorney's office, I'm grateful for your commitment to justice. I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues. In the meantime, I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career.”
I'd like to thank God, my family, and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time. While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letters and rallies have helped me stay positive. — Meek Mill (@MeekMill) April 24, 2018
To the Philly District Attorney's office, I'm grateful for your commitment to justice. I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues. — Meek Mill (@MeekMill) April 24, 2018
In the meantime, I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career. — Meek Mill (@MeekMill) April 24, 2018
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
File photo: Jul 29, 2017; Oakville, Ontario, CAN; Graham DeLaet hits his shot on the first hole during the third round of the RBC Canadian Open golf tournament at Glen Abbey Golf Club. Mandatory Credit: Eric Bolte-USA TODAY Sports - RTS19OPJ
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - Graham DeLaet bookended back-to-back eagles with a pair of birdies in a stunning four-hole stretch to charge into contention at the PGA Championship on Saturday.
After a birdie at the par-three 13th, the Canadian then went eagle, eagle, birdie -- six-under-par for the four holes -- en route to a three-under 68 at Quail Hollow.
DeLaet, two-under for the tournament and five shots adrift of leader Kevin Kisner, was as surprised as anyone by the run, which came after what had been a mediocre round up until that point.
He had even needed a pep talk from his caddie after being "bummed out" by a double-bogey at the 11th.
“It's fun to do that at a regular tour event but at a PGA Championship that's pretty cool,” said the world number 117.
"It's something I'll probably always remember. And the nice thing about it was it put me in a position where something really special tomorrow can (happen).
"Probably gonna take a special round, but you never know."
DeLaet's run started when he almost made a hole-in-one with a six-iron at the 13th, his ball stopping on the edge of the cup. He almost aced the 301-yard par-four 14th as well, his tee shot with a three-wood running over the hole before stopping eight feet beyond, from where he sank the eagle putt.
“I almost had three (eagles) in a row because I hit it to an inch the hole before," he said.
"I left that ball hanging on the lip (at the 13th and then I) hit the hole on the next one, the par-four.
"That's where I turned to (my caddie) and said, 'Man, I could have just gone one, one,' but going two, two is pretty good on those holes too."
DeLaet's charge continued with a 12-foot eagle putt at the par-five 15th before he sank a 45-footer for birdie at the par-four 16th.
“That was just a bonus, are you kidding me?” he said of the 16th. "When that putt went in, you shake your head and it was pretty unreal."
The 35-year-old is still seeking his first victory on Tour, and a major would not be a bad way to start.
Afflicted with a chronically bad back, he underwent microdiscectomy surgery in 2011, the same procedure Tiger Woods has undergone, and is health is a day-to-day issue.
“I've been on the (treatment) table a lot this week,” he said. “I haven't done any practising. Today was the best that it felt.
"It was painful with every swing but it didn't affect me for the first time this week, so that was nice."
Scroll for more content...
Rescue teams have found all 12 boys and their soccer coach alive in a cave in Thailand nine days after the group went missing.
The boys, aged between 11 and 16 years old and are all members of the Wild Boar soccer team, entered the Tham Luang Nang Non cave system on Saturday, June 23, for a team outing, but became stranded in the dark tunnels by a sudden and continuous downpour.
The international rescue operation -- which includes the Thai Navy SEALs as well as experts from the US, China, Australia and the UK -- had been working to reach a large, deep chamber, informally known as Pattaya Beach, where the missing boys were believed to have taken refuge.
"I confirm they are all safe," Narongsak Osottanakorn, governor of the local region Chiang Rai, told reporters on Monday night.
Osottanakorn said the rescuers had reached Pattaya Beach but found it was flooded. The Thai Navy SEAL divers continued a further 300 to 400 meters where they located the team.
The Thai Navy released a video on Facebook apparently showing the moment the group were found. In the almost 5-minute clip, the boys are illuminated by torchlight while a diver can be heard speaking to them.
"How many of you?" one of the rescuers calls out in English, before a faint "Thirteen!" is heard in response.
"Thirteen? Brilliant!" the rescuer says, before continuing: "We are coming, it's OK, many people are coming ... we are the first."
The rescuer tells them: "You are very strong, very strong."
Amid the emotional discovery, Governor Osottanakorn warned that the mission is "not done yet" and a medical team needs to enter the cave network to assess the boys.
"We will drain all water out from the cave then we will take all 13 people out of the cave. We are now planning how to send (a) nurse and doctor inside the cave to check their health and movement. We will work all night," Osottanakorn said.
Next phase of rescue
In Thailand, the search efforts have captured the public's attention with wall-to-wall media coverage as many waited with bated breath for a positive outcome.
Outside the cave system, there were exhausted but jubilant scenes on Monday night. Families -- many of whom have maintained a constant vigil since the team went missing -- could be seen cheering the good news on a live feed from the Facebook page of the Chiang Rai provincial Public Relations Department.
Tim Newton, a journalist based in Phuket, told CNN getting the team out of the cave will be the next challenge and that it will take time.
"Now they've got to try and figure out how to get these 13 very weak footballers out of the caves and that is going to be an enormous task," Newton said.
"They've got some medical doctors who are also divers, who are ready to get into the caves. They clearly want to stabilize the boys before they try and bring them out.
"There is some talk they may try to bring them out as early as tomorrow but the most important thing is tried and stabilize them," he added.
Pat Moret, a rescue consultant, added the team will likely need a lot of medical treatment before they can be moved.
"They'll need fluids replacing (and) possibly feeding. They're going to need reheating. They've possibly been lying still for days now. And sensory faculties won't be what they should be. So I would think that they're not really fit to move for maybe 12 hours or so really."
Even after that, the kids and their coach may need to dive to get out of the cave, Moret added.
"Worst case scenario is that they have to dive them out. So they're being fully immersed in water, wearing what we know is a full face mask or maybe even some sort of commercial dive helmet to make it a little less stressful for them. But it will be a truly terrifying experience," Moret said.
A park officer first sounded the alarm after spotting the boys' bicycles near the entrance to the off-limits cave complex.
The cave labyrinth is popular with tourists and for the first kilometer (0.6 miles) or so inside the cavernous entrance, limestone rock formations, huge high ceilings, creating an almost amphitheater-like atmosphere.
Late last week trekkers discovered a hidden opening deep in the jungle giving an alternative point of entry to the cave system.
The natural chimney, around 1.5 meters in diameter and at least 22 meters (72 feet) deep, was found to the north of the opening of the cave.
Update: The spelling of the Chiang Rai Governor's name has been updated to reflect the latest information from the province's Public Relations Department.
A nationwide manhunt is underway for three men accused of kidnapping and raping two sisters, ages 13 and 14, in northern Ohio, Bowling Green police said.
One suspect, David Ramos Contreras, 27, of Mexico, was spotted Saturday with two women in a lightly colored vehicle at a Walmart in Holland, Ohio, said police, who are asking for the public's help in their pursuit of the suspects.
All three men are classified as dangerous, police said. It's not clear whether they're traveling together.
Nationwide warrants were issued for Contreras, Juan Garcia Rios Adiel and Arnulfo Ramos after an alleged incident last week at a Days Inn motel in Bowling Green, Deputy Chief Justin White said Tuesday in a statement.
The sisters were staying at the hotel with their parents when four men held them for a time against their will, White said. Later, the girls' mother took them to be examined at a local hospital, he said.
Police learned of the incident around 11 p.m. on June 28, Lt. Dan Mancuso told CNN on Wednesday, adding he was unsure of the date of the alleged attack.
One suspect, Simon Juan Thomas, 24, of Guatemala, was arrested the next day, and charged with unlawful sexual conduct with a minor, a misdemeanor, jail records show. He was being held by the Wood County, Ohio sheriff on $50,000 bond.
Police believe the men had stayed at the Days Inn for about a week before the alleged crimes, they said.
All four suspects were found to have “fraudulent paperwork” documenting their status as immigrant workers, White said.
“We are investigating an alleged sexual assault, not their immigration status,” White told CNN affiliate WTVG.
The US Immigrations and Customs Enforcement agency is also involved in the manhunt, Bowling Green police said.
Contreras previously has been deported, White said.
SHARE to SPREAD the WORD!
John O'Donnell
Clynagh, Carraroe. Reposing at Lydon's Funeral Home, Carraroe this evening from 6:30. Removal at 7:30 to Seipeál Mhic ara, Carraroe. Mass for John O'Donnell tomorrow Tuesday at 11. Funeral afterwards to Clynagh cemetery.
Paddy Gillespie
Carrowmanagh Oughterard and formerly of Glencolmcille Co. Donegal. Reposing at Walsh's Funeral Home, Oughterard this evening from 5 until 7. Mass for Paddy Gillespie tomorrow Tuesday at 12 in Oughterard Church. Funeral afterwards to Kilcummin cemetery, Oughterard. Family flowers only, by request. Donations if desired to Alzheimer's Association of Ireland.
Josephine also known as Josie McNamara née Henchy
Ohilly, Woodford and formerly of Feakle Co. Clare. Reposing at St. Mary's Funeral Home, Woodford this evening from 5. Removal at 7 to St. Brendan's Church, Looscaun. Mass for Josie McNamara tomorrow Tuesday at 12. Funeral afterwards to Gorthaganna Cemetery. Family flowers only, by request. Donations if desired to Irish Cancer Society, Galway Hospice or the Irish Kidney Association.
Mary Hansberry née Whyte
Castle Ellen, Athenry and formerly of Cloonsheecahill. Reposing at Gardner's Funeral Home, Athenry this evening from 5. Removal at 8 to Church of the Assumption, Athenry. Mass for Mary Hansberry tomorrow Tuesday at 2. Funeral afterwards to New Cemetery Athenry. House private and family flowers only, by request. Donations if desired to Alzheimers Association and Palliative Care.
Rita Walsh née Naughton
Derrycrib, Furbo and formerly of Seamus Quirke Road, Newcastle. Reposing at the Cillín within Church of Mary Immaculate Queen, Barna this evening from 5.30. Removal at 7 to Realt na Mara Church, Furbo. Mass for Rita Walsh tomorrow Tuesday at 11. Funeral afterwards to Realt na Mara Cemetery, Furbo.
Nancy Crowe née Delargey
Bohermore. Reposing at Irwin's Funeral Home, Bothar Irwin this evening from 5. Removal at 6.30 to St. Patrick's Church, Forster Street. Mass for Nancy Crowe tomorrow Tuesday at 11. Funeral afterwards to New Cemetery, Bohermore. House private, by request.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Jose goes down to the Courthouse every week and asks the tough questions so YOU dont have to! Hear what all those pesky troublemakers are up to in the Podcast RIGHT HERE.
Sen. Marco Rubio is trying to build a bridge between the GOP's populist voters and the party's business-first wing — but without mentioning his advocacy for the cheap-labor immigration policy which has split the GOP, wrecked his career and put a real-estate developer into the White House.
Rubio does his bridge-building in National Review, but his article does not even mention “immigration.” That dodge allows Rubio to skip the question of whether he should admit or even apologize for his support of the disastrous “Gang of Eight” amnesty-and-cheap-labor legislation in 2013.
Instead, Rubio tries to build his bridge with promises of “dignity,” even though the federal policy of economic growth via cheap-labor immigration strips many Americans of wages, community solidarity, and confidence in the future:
President Trump won the office I sought. As a participant in that campaign, I can attest that he owes his victory to the fact that he was the candidate who best understood that our political parties no longer appealed to millions of Americans — that being hailed as a “reasonable conservative” by CNN, or a “pure conservative” by conservative think tanks didn't mean anything to the millions of Americans who felt forgotten and left behind. The families I met in West Miami during my first campaign and the ones I met running for president aren't ideological warriors. They are fathers and mothers, workers and small-business owners, Little League coaches and church volunteers. What they care about is having leaders who understand them and fight for them. They need leaders who appreciate that jobs are not just about making money so they can buy more things; jobs are first and foremost about dignity.
Rubio portrays himself as a defender of the family and of religion, but declines to show how he can deliver higher paychecks:
The family, the single most important institution in all society, is buffeted by economic pressures that discourage family life, and by social engineering that seeks to replace it. The faith of our fathers and the traditional values it teaches are now routinely mocked, ridiculed and increasingly silenced by liberal elites in the press, Hollywood, and academia, denying millions of Americans their place in the public square.
The essay does include a careful appeal to Rubio's Florida donors — the ones who wrecked his career by pushing him to support the amnesty legislation. That appeal consists of a vague warning that Americans will eventually support government authoritarianism:
What happens to a nation when the only economic-policy options offered are narrow economic growth without redistribution, or narrow economic growth with redistribution? Or when the social security provided by strong families is replaced by accumulating wealth or by becoming dependent on government programs? What happens when what is right and wrong is relative instead of rooted in absolute truth found by faith? What happens when citizens of a nation abandon their shared inheritance for the identity politics of wealth, race, or ideology? … This failure has left millions of people vulnerable to the ancient temptation of authoritarianism. … But if we fail to correct our current course, we could end up emboldening the cause of autocracy.
But without mentioning the mechanism that is causing such pain, Rubio cannot explain why he, rather than the real-estate developer from New York, is better able to divert the nation from an autocratic future. Small wonder that Rubio defaults back to meaningless rhetoric:
Rebuilding the American project cannot be the work of conservatives alone. It will require a broad civic awakening, one that restores our ability — as one people with many different views — to discuss these issues, recommit to our founding principles, and ensure that we preserve the blessings of American freedom for generations to come.
National Review‘s editor thinks highly of Rubio's meandering:
Related Video
WASHINGTON (CNS) -- The overflowing congregation at the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception hardly needed reminding to raise their "eyes to the heavens" during a dedication of the Trinity Dome Mosaic Dec. 8.
Before Mass began, all eyes were already on the newly completed gold dome above the front central section of the Upper Church.
When it was blessed during Mass, incense rose above the congregation and bright lights were turned on to give a better view of the newly finished dome that includes the words of the Nicene Creed encircling the base and a depiction of the Holy Trinity, Mary, the four Evangelists, angels and more than a dozen saints connected to the United States or the shrine.
During the blessing and before and after Mass, phones and cameras were held aloft to capture the completed work more than two years in the making. But it would take more than a few pictures to capture the details in this majestic work of art described as the "crowning jewel" of the national shrine during introductory remarks by Msgr. Walter Rossi, the rector.
The dome mosaic is composed of more than 14 million pieces of Venetian glass covering more than 18,300 square feet of the dome's surface. Its completion marks the final step in finishing the work of the Upper Church that began in 1955.
The dome was dedicated, fittingly, on the feast of the Immaculate Conception, reflecting the basilica's namesake. The dedication Mass was celebrated by Washington Cardinal Donald W. Wuerl and Cardinal Kevin J. Farrell, prefect of the Vatican's Dicastery for Laity, the Family and Life, who was named by Pope Francis to be his special envoy at the dedication Mass.
Other cardinals concelebrating the Mass included Cardinals Theodore E. McCarrick, retired archbishop of Washington and Justin Rigali, retired archbishop of Philadelphia, along with Cardinal Daniel N. DiNardo of Galveston-Houston, president of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. They were joined by more than two dozen bishops and 90 priests.
Cardinal Wuerl pointed out in his homily that the mosaic tiles in the dome are symbolic of the living body of Christ regularly filling the pews of the shrine and reflecting the church's diversity.
He urged the congregation of families, women religious, students and people of all ages and ethnic backgrounds who filled the pews, the side chapels and stood in the back at the dedication Mass to always look to this "great majestic dome mindful of our prayer to Mary" and ask for her intercession.
He said Mary is the model of "what our faith should be" because she believed that nothing was impossible with God.
The cardinal said he remembered coming to the shrine when he was a student at The Catholic University of America in the 1960s when the walls were simply brick except for the mosaic image of the Risen Christ at the front of the church.
He also noted that the completion of the dome finishes a work that began nearly 100 years ago when the shrine's cornerstone was placed in 1920.
As construction began on the National Shrine, as it was then called, Catholics across the country were invited to contribute however they could. Some donated pieces of gold jewelry and even precious stones, the cardinal said, which were fashioned into what came to be known as the "first chalice of the National Shrine" and was used at the Dec. 8 mosaic dedication.
When Pope Francis was at the shrine in 2015 to celebrate Mass and canonize St. Junipero Serra, he also blessed a piece of the mosaic: the words for the beginning and end of the Nicene Creed: "I believe in one God" and "Amen."
At the end of the dedication Mass, Msgr. Rossi thanked the artists and workers, some of whom were seated at the front of the church, for their work on the mosaic, which was done in Italy and shipped in 30,000 sections weighing 24 tons. He pointed out that no one was injured and no damages occurred in the installation.
He also thanked the many donors who contributed to the dome work and gave to the shrine's one-time national collection for the project on Mother's Day.
"This crowning jewel of Mary's shrine is really your work, your gift to the Blessed Mother," he said.
- - -
Follow Zimmermann on Twitter: @carolmaczim.
SES crews are on standby with gale force winds set to last Sydney.
The SES today released a gale wind warning for parts for NSW that is likely to continue on until late on Saturday afternoon.
According to Bureau of Meteorology Duty Forecaster Rosemary Barr, winds of up to 63km/h are expected along the coast of Sydney.
Camera Icon Sydney is set to be hit by wild winds that will make the temperature feel even cooler. Picture: Supplied
“These stronger winds are coming through due to a high pressure system out at Western NSW alongside a low pressure system across the Tasman Sea,” she said.
MORE NEWS
HOW COPS SMASHED ALLEGED DRUGS SYNDICATE
JAIL RON MEDICH FOR LIFE, JUDGE TOLD
SYDNEY VALET DRIVER'S EPIC PORSCHE FAIL
“The result is strong gale force southerly winds along the coast which is also causing damaging surf and abnormally high tides.”
Camera Icon The SES has volunteers on standby as the winds hit Sydney. Picture: News Corp Australia, John Grainger
The strong winds are expected to bring more wind chill, meaning that we will really be feeling the cold over the next few days.
“While winds don't bring down the temperature, you'll notice that on our website we have both the temperature and the “feels like” temperature,” she said.
“Sydney is expected to be 18 tomorrow, but will feel a lot cooler as wind makes the air feel a lot cooler.”
The SES has place its volunteers on standby, and has asked people to prepare for the winds by removing items that could be blown away from their homes, and parking cars in secure locations.
They have also asked anyone in need of assistance to call 132 500.
FILE PHOTO: A Google search page is seen through a magnifying glass in this photo illustration taken in Berlin on August 11, 2015. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski/File Photo
SYDNEY Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL.O) Google said it will challenge amended tax assessments issued by the Australian Taxation Office (ATO), which is trying to claw back billions of dollars from multinational corporations citing unpaid taxes.
The ATO has increased scrutiny over how much tax multinationals operating in Australia pay. In December, it said it was pursuing seven global businesses over A$2 billion ($1.50 billion) in unpaid tax.
While the ATO has not named the businesses it is pursuing, Google's Australia unit said in accounts filed with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission that it will “lodge an objection” to the tax demand from the ATO.
“The company will continue to uphold its positions against any and all such claims,” Google said in the financial statement released on Friday. The search giant did not disclose how much the ATO has demanded it pay in taxes.
Google and the ATO declined to comment on how much the company's amended tax bill was.
Treasurer Scott Morrison said in April the country expected to claw back A$2.9 billion from companies under the legislation.
Australia enacted the Multinational Anti-Avoidance Law in December 2015 and the ATO has introduced new guidelines for foreign trading hubs.
Google Australia restructured its operations effective January 1 of last year to comply with the legislation and its financial statement reveals an increase in revenue and tax for the 2016 calendar year as a result.
Revenue surged to A$1.14 billion in 2016 from A$498 million in 2015, while total income tax rose to A$16 million from A$2.8 million in 2015, the accounts show.
(Reporting by Harry Pearl; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
VOL. 41 | NO. 15 | Friday, April 14, 2017
US homebuilder sentiment slips, but overall outlook positive By ALEX VEIGA, AP Business Writer Print | Front Page | Email this story To:
From:
Message:
From (email):
Message:
U.S. homebuilders are feeling slightly less optimistic about their sales prospects, even as their overall outlook remains favorable.
The National Association of Home Builders/Wells Fargo builder sentiment index released Monday slipped to 68 this month. That's down three points from 71 in March, when it jumped to the highest level since June 2005.
Readings above 50 indicate more builders view sales conditions as good rather than poor. The index has been above 60 since September.
The April reading fell short of analyst predictions. They expected the index to dip to 70, according to FactSet.
Readings gauging builders' view of sales now and over the next six months also edged lower, as did a measure of traffic by prospective buyers.
Despite the decline in the latest builder sentiment survey, sales of new U.S. homes have been robust this year and are expected to continue climbing.
Low mortgage rates and a solid job market have helped drive home sales steadily higher. Sales of new U.S. homes increased in February at the fastest pace since July, reaching a seasonally-adjusted annual rate of 592,000. That sales pace was nearly 13 percent higher than in the same month last year.
A pickup in mortgage rates last fall helped spur sales early this year. In recent weeks, mortgage rates have been edging lower, making the cost of home loans less expensive.
The average 30-year fixed mortgage rate has fallen the past four weeks, declining to 4.08 percent last week. That's up from an average of 3.65 percent all last year, but still low by historical standards.
This month's builder index was based on 307 respondents.
A measure of current sales conditions for single-family homes fell three points to 74, while a gauge of traffic by prospective buyers declined one point to 52. Builders' view of sales over the next six months slid three points to 75.
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
UPDATE 1-Nike, Sanrio, Universal Studios face EU probe over sale terms
BRUSSELS, June 14 U.S. sports goods maker Nike , Comcast's Universal Studios and Hello Kitty owner Sanrio found themselves in EU antitrust regulators' crosshairs on Wednesday over the way they control the sale of products in the bloc.
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Lawn Grass & Turf Grass Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Ten Cate, FieldTurf, CoCreation Grass, Polytan GmbH, Domo Sports Grass, Mondo S.p.A., Mondo S.p.A., SIS Pitches, Beaulieu International Group, Saltex Oy, Edel Grass B.V., Condor Grass, Nurteks, Victoria PLC, Garden Grass, Taishan, LIMONTA SPORT S.p.A., ForestGrass, Wonderlawn.
The Lawn Grass & Turf Grass Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Lawn Grass & Turf Grass industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-lawn-grass-turf-grass-market/10146/#requestforsample
The Lawn Grass & Turf Grass Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Lawn Grass & Turf Grass Market Products Type Segmentation : Seeded Lawns, Sod Lawns, Artificial Turf, Hydroseeding, Others.
Lawn Grass & Turf Grass Market Applications Segmentation : Contact Sports, Leisure, Landscaping, Gardens, Others.
Key Highlights of the Lawn Grass & Turf Grass Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-lawn-grass-turf-grass-market/10146/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Lawn Grass & Turf Grass market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
An angry truckie has blasted a female driver who moved across in front of him and then came to a complete stop in the middle of a busy Sydney motorway.
Mark Wearne shared vision of his crash on Dashcam Owners Australia, with the video already viewed more than 1.15 million times.
In the video, the truck driver is seen travelling on the M4 in Merrylands at 90km/h, when the woman comes onto the highway.
Instead of staying in her merging lane, she moves across in front of the truck driver, who has no room to brake before he hits the rear of her Toyota sedan.
“Why?” the truckie can be heard saying, before gasping and going on an expletive-ridden tirade.
“Oh how f****** stupid you gotta be?
“Fair dinkum.”
Instead of moving her vehicle off the busy eight-lane highway, the woman stops and exits her vehicle with her young child in the middle of the road, as motorists go past on both the inside and outside lanes.
Camera Icon Dashcam footage captures driver pulling out in front of a truck on NSW's M4.
“Can you drive up over there?” the truckie can be heard saying.
“Move your car!
“Lady, move your car please!
“OK listen, excuse me, don't worry about that now, move your car.”
But the woman is too busy on her mobile to move, causing traffic chaos around them.
In his post to Dashcam Owners Australia, the man says he was “exceptionally upset” by the woman's behaviour.
“In a very dangerous situation, the whole time I had my eye on her passenger door, waiting for the kid to jump out and potentially become road kill,” he said.
“I asked her (very politely and calmly) for her to move her car, she refused, I just wanted them both of the road.
“I asked again and again, each time my anger and frustration is building to boiling point.
“In her second stupid move for the day, she approaches the truck and demands my licence.
“I told her not to worry about that now, and that she needs to move her car immediately, again she refused and demanded my licence.
“That's when flew off the handle, only this time she moved her car. Sometimes you have to be cruel to be kind.”
Both the woman and her son were uninjured in the crash.
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Police in Florida say an angry dog sent three people to the hospital after one tried to put a sweater on it.
Tampa police say the pit bull mix named Scarface bit a 52-year-old woman who was trying to dress him on Friday and her husband was attacked while trying to pull the dog off of her. Police say the couple's 22-year-old son was attacked while trying to stop the dog by stabbing it in the neck and head.
The three people escaped the house and left the dog in the backyard.
Police say animal control officers shot it with a tranquilizer gun, but it managed to get back into the house where there were two children present. Police used a bean bag gun and stun gun on the animal before catching it.
Filipino Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre (C) presents to the media Kuwaiti Husayn al-Dharifi (2nd L) and Syrian Rajaf Zina (L), suspected to have links to Islamic State, during a press conference at the National Bureau of Investigations (NBI) headquarters in metro Manila, Philippines April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
Kuwaiti Husayn al-Dharifi (R) and Syrian Rajaf Zina, suspected to have links to Islamic State, are presented to the media during a press conference at the National Bureau of Investigations (NBI) headquarters in metro Manila, Philippines April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
A member of the National Bureau of Investigation (NBI) unlocks the handcuff of Kuwaiti Husayn al-Dharifi, suspected to have links to Islamic State, as he is presented to the media during a press conference at the NBI headquarters in metro Manila, Philippines April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
MANILA Philippine security forces arrested a Kuwaiti and a five-month pregnant Syrian for suspected links to Islamic State three months after they arrived, authorities said on Thursday.
Kuwaiti Husayn al-Dhafiri and Syrian Rajaf Zina had been living and working in Manila since January before they were arrested on March 25 in an upscale commercial district, Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre told reporters.
The two, wearing orange prison uniforms, were paraded in front of journalists at the National Bureau of Investigation office where they were being held.
Authorities said al-Dakiri would be deported to Kuwait where he is suspected of bomb plots. Zina would be deported to Qatar, from where she last came. The two were not available for comment.
"We are only speculating why they are in the Philippines," Aguirre said after immigration authorities said the two had travelled to Davao in the south and Cebu in the central Philippines.
Aguirre said they had relied heavily on information from foreign allies to detect the presence of suspected Islamic State militants.
They were first come to the Philippines last year on tourist visas but returned in January on working visas after a Kuwaiti manpower agency hired them, immigration authorities said.
(Reporting by Manuel Mogato; Editing by Nick Macfie)
[India], June 15 (ANI): The Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh (RSS) on Thursday condemned Kashmiri separatist leader Mirwaiz Umar Farooq's congratulatory tweet for the Pakistan Cricket team and advised him to go to Pakistan.
"Mirwaiz is a Pakistani by heart and mind. He must go to Pakistan," RSS leader Indresh Kumar told ANI.
Another RSS leader Rakesh Sinha said that Mirwaiz was intending to disturb the harmony in Kashmir.
"He is cheering for Pakistan and we cheer for him to go to Pakistan. Such elements are not nationalist, but are radical Islamists. They are intending to disturb the harmony in Kashmir. Their soul is in Pakistan," Sinha said.
Mirwaiz took to Twitter to express his happiness over the victory of Pakistan in Champions trophy in the first semi-final match. "As we were finishing taraweeh, could hear the fire crackers bursting, well played team Pakistan. Best of luck for the finals!," Mirwazir tweeted. Pakistan thrashed England by eight wickets to enter the Champions Trophy finals. Pakistan will now play the winner of the second semi-final between India and Bangladesh to be played today in Birmingham. (ANI)
Cybersecurity is a concern at the state Capitol with experts reporting nearly a half million threats in the past year -- threats that could target you.
The director of the state's IT security department said every day hackers are trying to get at sensitive state information, and when it comes to a serious breach, they said it isn't a case of if it will happen but a case of when it will happen.
Personal information about almost every Oklahoman is stored in the databases of the state's 600-plus agencies.
Every day hackers try to bypass the state's firewalls to get inside.
The biggest threat right now is a scam where hackers break into a database, encrypt the information, and hold it hostage until the owner pays up.
The state was recently tipped by federal agents that hackers were planning an attempt here.
"Within 11 minutes, I physically was on site at that agency and unplugging that PC, stopping it from encrypting and stopping from infiltrating the network," information technology security director Mark Gower said.
The state's IT security department wants to consolidate all state agencies into one cyber-security department to better monitor sensitive information. That task should be complete this year.
[India], December 12 (ANI): A Hyderabad based doctor has appealed to the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) for the safe return of her husband stranded in Saudi Arabia after his employer has allegedly been delaying his return.
"My husband left for Saudi in 2012 to work in a Dentoplast centre as he is an orthodontist, the centre is owned by a doctor named Ali. In 2014, he renewed his contract and in 2016 it was finished. Even after completion of the contract, the employer is just postponing his exit," Dr Pavithra Mallam, wife of Anil Mallam Balaiah (doctor) told ANI.
She said that when her husband Balaiah asked the reason for the delay, he was told by the employer that in March a few patients sued the centre for free treatment. "The patients were treated by my husband. The employer has kept him there saying he will not let Balaiah exit till the case comes to an end," she added. Mallam added that the reason given by the employer makes no sense, as the employer is not paying any salary to her husband for the last five months. She added, "I have tweeted the matter to MEA Sushma Swaraj, Indian embassy in Riyadh and have also received a reply from the Indian embassy asking for all the details."(ANI)
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
A new study finds how deep wastewater is injected is key to understanding the quake outbreak in Oklahoma.
A new study finds how deep wastewater is injected is key to understanding the quake outbreak in Oklahoma.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after he tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after he tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
It's an annual rite in Fairfax County, one of the wealthiest counties in America: hundreds of second-graders trooping off to private psychologists, taking IQ tests to prove they're worthy of the county's advanced academic programs.
It's an annual rite in Fairfax County, one of the wealthiest counties in America: hundreds of second-graders trooping off to private psychologists, taking IQ tests to prove they're worthy of the county's advanced...
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure.".
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure.".
The families of six Americans kidnapped and killed in Colombia during the 1990s by the terrorist organization known as FARC are seeking damages from banana giant Chiquita Brands International because of payments the company made to the group.
The families of six Americans kidnapped and killed in Colombia during the 1990s by the terrorist organization known as FARC are seeking damages from banana giant Chiquita Brands International because of payments...
PENSACOLA, Fla. (AP) - A nurse's Facebook rant about the "cesspool of funky flu" in emergency room waiting areas is getting a lot of attention.
"Wash your stinking hands," Katherine Lockler says in a six-minute video that's been viewed 4.8 million times since she recorded it in frustration after a 12-hour shift during this particularly nasty flu season. The mother of four works in several emergency rooms in the Pensacola area in Florida's Panhandle.
She said 25 to 30 people often sit for hours in hospital waiting rooms as the worst cases get treated first.
"Some of them are not true emergencies, but they're waiting along with the flu right next to them. So guess what? Five flus came in, 15 flus walk out. It's great," she said sarcastically. "They'll be back."
Lockler told the Pensacola News Journal her intent was not just to vent, but to offer a constructive message from a health care professional's perspective.
"The biggest problem for me was seeing people come in to visit, and not only being exposed to this awful flu virus, but not taking the correct precautions to get themselves disinfected before going out in the world," Lockler said.
She said she's getting responses from around the world to the video she titled "After Work Thoughts." In it, she says the flu is spreading like "wildfire," and offers suggestions for staying healthy. She demonstrates the "magic trick" of sneezing or coughing into the crook of an arm to avoid getting germs on your hands. Then she repeats it, in slow motion.
"My sleeve got the germs, my hands didn't," she said, holding up her hand. "It's amazing to watch how many people come through the emergency room, sneeze in their hands and - I watch - no one grabs the hand sanitizer."
Lockler shares ER horror stories, like the father who let his baby crawl on the floor, and the softball coach who brought his whole team.
"If you have a team member from your softball team who is sick or injured, you do not bring the entire softball team in to check on them. Because guess what?" Lockler said. "You just got 15 new vectors, or carriers of the flu by them all walking in. Which I watched them all walk in last night, see their friend, and not touch the hand sanitizer. Not once!"
In fact, if you aren't sick, just stay home, she advises.
"So, don't bring bring your team in. Please don't bring your healthy children, especially your newborn babies, into the emergency," she said. "If you don't have what I call a true emergency, this would not be the time to come to the emergency room."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Ina Schakaraschwili holds her glasses in place during a solar eclipse at the University of Denver's Chamberlain Observatory in this May 20, 2012 file photo
The total solar eclipse is Aug. 21, and the American Astronomical Society wants to make sure you view the event safely and don't fall victim to buying an unsafe or fraudulent product.
For a list of reputable vendors to buy your solar filters, glasses, and viewers, just click this link to visit the AAS site.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Galway Bay fm newsroom – The Marine Institute has confirmed that significant numbers of farmed Salmon in Galway have been stung to death by an influx of deadly jellyfish.
In a statement to Galway Bay fm news, the institute says there is no health risk to the public and it is monitoring the situation.
The Marine Institute says it has been made aware of a significant number of Salmon mortalities at three aquaculture sites in Galway in recent weeks.
These are Killary, Kilkieran and Bertraghboy.
The deaths were caused by blooms of stinging jellyfish, including the Mauve Stinger and the Muggiaea Atlantica.
The latter is widely thought to be responsible for a catastrophe in Irish salmon stocks in 2003, when up to one million fish were lost.
While the Marine Institute has not given an exact number of Salmon lost to the recent influx, Galway Bay Against Salmon Cages believes it could number in the tens of thousands or beyond.
The institute says that all mortalities are being disposed of at authorised rendering plants in compliance with the animal by-products regulations.
It further advises that the presence of a listed disease has been ruled out in all cases and there is no health risk to the public.
Westerner Park is pleased to announce that another successful Red Deer Motors North American Pony Chuckwagon Championships Tarp Auction was held on April 18th in the Sheraton Red Deer Hotel Special Events Center.
The Alberta Professional Chuckwagon & Chariot Association (APCCA) was welcomed back to the Westerner Days Fair & Exposition as the sanctioning organization for the Red Deer Motors North American Pony Chuckwagon Championships for 2018 and look forward to some exciting battles to the finish line during their 50th season of “Racing across the prairies”.
Businesses were vying for the opportunity to display their business name and logo on one of the 40 wagons and 20 chariots slated to participate during the 2018 Westerner Days Fair & Exposition. The Red Deer Motors North American Pony Chuckwagon Championships are an anticipated annual event and are viewed by nearly 4,000 spectators each night of the Fair.
The highest selling tarp for the evening went to ABC Country Restaurant who purchased Neil Salmond for $4,400. The total of the tarp auction was $103,650 for an average of $2,591 per tarp. The highest selling chariot was Marty Maxwell, purchased by PWE Rentals for $1,300. The total of the chariot auction was $14,005 with an average of $700.
Ben Antifaiff, CEO and general manager for Westerner Park closed the evening by thanking everyone for coming together as a community to be a part of such an exciting event. He extended thanks to all the sponsors for their support of Westerner Days and the drivers who entertain them for five days, noting that “each and every year we celebrate the foundational role the community, and sponsors like you, play in our success. You are an integral component of Westerner Park as Central Alberta's ‘Destination for Celebration'.”
The Red Deer Motors North American Pony Chuckwagon Championships will take place during the 2018 Westerner Days Fair and Exposition from July 18th to July 22nd.
-Submitted by Westerner Park
FILE PHOTO: The General Electric logo is pictured on the General Electric offshore wind turbine plant in Montoir-de-Bretagne, near Saint-Nazaire, western France, November 21, 2016. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe
ONITSHA, Nigeria Striking Nigerian workers cordoned off the country headquarters of U.S. industrial firm General Electric (GE.N) in Lagos on Wednesday in a dispute over wages, a trade union official said.
The Petroleum and Natural Gas Senior Staff Association of Nigeria (PENGASSAN) "today picketed General Electric head offices in Lagos over unpaid salaries of some staff members," said Lumumba Okugbara, acting general secretary for the union.
He said GE had made commitments to pay ARCO, which the union said was a maintenance subcontractor that had failed to pay salaries, allowances and other entitlements. Some of the workers affected are PENGASSAN members.
Okugbara said members of the trade union, one of Nigeria's two main organizations representing oil workers, also picketed GE offices in southeastern oil hub Port Harcourt and was considering picketing offices in the capital, Abuja, later in the week.
"GE is in direct discussions with ARCO and relevant stakeholders, and anticipates an amicable resolution of all concerns," GE spokesman Segun Obagbemi said.
(Reporting by Anamesere Igboeroteonwu and Paul Carsten in Abuja)
0 Is Bill Belichick hinting at retirement?
Fox Sports' Colin Cowherd believes New England Patriots coach Bill Belichick has been dropping hints that he plans on retiring after Super Bowl LII.
>> Read more trending news
Cowherd went on a rant during his show, “The Herd,” on Thursday saying he believes there's a 50-50 chance that the five-time Super Bowl-winning coach will retire, especially if the Patriots defeat the Eagles on Sunday.
The host pointed out a quote in which Belichick said he believed quarterback Tom Brady has “earned the right to make the decision to retire,” which he somehow believes gives away the coach's own plans.
“That is not a small thing,” Cowherd said, while beaming with pride at his discovery. “The Kraft family is doubling down on Brady over Belichick. They're doubling down on it. OK, remember the first time, I told you, we saw the ESPN story that Jimmy Garoppolo, a threat, get him out of town. What they were saying is, ‘Mr. Belichick, Tom trumps Belichick.' The ESPN story reported it, I theorized it before the story came out, everybody's denying it but now they're admitting there's tension. Well why would there be tension? So Jimmy Garoppolo was a threat, out of town.”
Cowherd continued to point out that Belichick, “a legendary grudge-holder,” was forced to trade both Garoppolo and Jacoby Brissett for “less than market value,” despite always wanting a succession plan and numerous capable backup quarterbacks.
"Everybody's talking about Tom Brady retiring. Zero chance. Belichick? 50/50 proposition." — @ColinCowherd on tension with the Patriots pic.twitter.com/XZiwIFjxqK — Herd w/Colin Cowherd (@TheHerd) February 1, 2018
He also acknowledged that the coach “suddenly” assisted in his coordinators --Josh McDaniels and Matt Patricia -- getting head coaching jobs, which he's “never” done in the past. Additionally, the coach openly helped McDaniels go to the Indianapolis Colts -- an AFC team with Andrew Luck, who the host referred to as the best quarterback in the conference other than Brady -- with “all of the Patriots secrets.”
Finally, Cowherd noted that Belichick has been more “light-hearted” during Super Bowl week by wearing a fedora while walking off of the team plane and smiling more during media sessions, to which the pundit presumed meant that Sunday's game would be his “swan song.”
So there you have it, folks. Bill Belichick is going to retire because he wore a fedora. Might as well start looking for a new coach now, Bob Kraft!
While there are some valid points made here, it all boils down to Cowherd wanting to hear himself talk during a “hot take,” as is usually the case. Surely, Belichick will still be wearing sleeveless hoodies on the Patriots' sideline next season, despite the pundit's conspiracy theories.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - STOPKLATKA SA:
* PRELIM. Q4 NET PROFIT 1.2 MILLION ZLOTYS VERSUS 1.5 MILLION ZLOTYS YEAR AGO
* PRELIM. FY 2017 NET LOSS 991,000 ZLOTYS VERSUS PROFIT OF 47,000 ZLOTYS YEAR AGO
* PRELIM Q4 REVENUE 8.6 MILLION ZLOTYS VERSUS 9.7 MILLION ZLOTYS YEAR AGO
* PRELIM. FY 2017 REVENUE 28.0 MILLION ZLOTYS VERSUS 29.8 MILLION ZLOTYS YEAR AGO
* Q4 RESULT AFFECTED BY 15% LOWER CASH REVENUES FROM ADVERTISING THAN YEAR AGO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
CTV Atlantic
The RCMP have identified the people involved in an incident Tuesday night in which a man reportedly "forcibly dragged" a woman into a vehicle and then drove off with her in Cole Harbour, N.S.
Just after 10 p.m. on Tuesday evening, Halifax District RCMP responded to a 911 call that a female was forcibly dragged into a vehicle by a male who then drove off with her.
The Mounties investigating the case asked for the public's assistance and received information that helped them identify the man and the woman, police say.
“Investigators have confirmed the woman is safe,” the RCMP said in a news release.
The investigation is continuing and police expressed gratitude to the public who assisted by sharing the call for information on social media.
London was booked in Jackson County. (Photo source: Jackson Co. Sheriff's Department)
Actor Jeremy London was arrested and charged with one count of Domestic Violence Simple Assault Friday.
The charge is a misdemeanor and will be heard in justice court.
London was booked in Jackson County.
The actor starred in Mallrats, a comedy film in 1995. Other roles include Party of Five, I'll Fly Away, and 7th Heaven.
We will update this story as more details become available.
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All rights reserved.
VOL. 41 | NO. 49 | Friday, December 08, 2017
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration came into office looking to dismantle Barack Obama's health care law, but the Affordable Care Act survived. Now the administration is on the hook to deliver a smooth ending to sign-up season, with a crush of customers expected this week.
For millions of eligible consumers time runs out on Friday.
Dec. 15 is the last day for procrastinators to enroll in subsidized private coverage in 39 states served by the federal HealthCare.gov website. Consumer interest has remained brisk, even as the Trump administration cut the sign-up season in half, reducing it from roughly from 90 days to 45 days.
"It's more likely than ever that they're going to run into real volume problems in the last week because that's when everybody is going to show up," said Tim Jost, a legal analyst who closely follows the workings of the ACA.
Heavy traffic could slow the website, and lead to long hold times at the federal call center. For the vast majority, this is the last opportunity to secure coverage for 2018, or switch from an existing plan. One exception: People living in hurricane-affected areas can get an extension to sign up by Dec. 31 by contacting the HealthCare.gov call center. That could make a difference in states such as Texas and Florida.
Enrollment fluctuates in the course of the year, but it's estimated that 9 million to 10 million people currently have coverage through the ACA's marketplaces. The markets cater to people who don't have access to a job-based plan, and participation is expected to dip somewhat next year.
In a twist, many people eligible for financial help may actually be able to pay lower premiums in 2018. Although list price premiums for the most popular plans went up sharply, so did taxpayer-provided subsidies that limit how much individuals actually have to pay. In many communities, bare-bones "bronze" plans are available for no monthly premium to those eligible for subsidies.
Sign-up season has been free of problems up to now, insurers say. Scheduled early Sunday maintenance shutdowns have not been a disruption.
Nonetheless, administration officials at the Health and Human Services department are saying little about their contingency plans for the final week. That's a contrast from the Obama years.
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, which also administers the ACA, did say that the deadline hour will remain the same this year — midnight Pacific time. That means consumers on the East Coast will have until 3 a.m. on Saturday morning to enroll.
Although the Trump administration slashed the advertising budget, HealthCare.gov has been sending out targeted emails to people potentially eligible. Examples:
— "Don't forget: Friday, December 15 is the last day to pick a 2018 Marketplace plan."
— "FINAL DEADLINE: Enroll in a 2018 health plan before December 15 or risk going without Marketplace coverage."
— "Come back to HealthCare.gov to select a plan before the final deadline or risk missing out on 2018 Marketplace coverage."
During the Obama years, officials allowed a grace period for consumers who started an application before the final deadline, but were unable to finish. It's unclear if the Trump administration will allow such extensions, or whether it will strictly enforce the deadline hour. Previous extensions allowed hundreds of thousands of consumers to enroll.
Failure to provide extensions this year would be a mistake, said Andy Slavitt, who oversaw HealthCare.gov under Obama.
"It really would not be fair to people, particularly if there are technology challenges with the last minute surge as there have been every year," Slavitt said.
While Dec. 15 is the deadline for states served by HealthCare.gov, that's not the case in all parts of the country. Most states that run their own health insurance websites are providing an extended period for consumers to enroll. In California and New York, for instance, the deadline remains the same as last year — Jan. 31. Other states have deadlines spanning from late December to mid-January.
Economist Joe Antos of the business-oriented American Enterprise Institute said the Trump administration has to get it right. Otherwise, it reinforces the Democrats' charge that Trump is bent on sabotaging the health law.
"Everything that goes wrong will be attributed to White House malevolence," said Antos. "Donald Trump should not be tweeting negative statements this week. If he were to tweet at all, I would suggest: 'Be sure to check your plan.'"
UPDATE 1-Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, despite surprising election losses for London's governing Conservatives.
[India], Dec 11 (ANI): Union Minister KJ Alphons on Monday slammed the incident of thrashing French tourists in Uttar Pradesh's Mizrapur, terming it as "deplorable."
Speaking to ANI, the Minister of State for Tourism Alphons said, "It is hugely deplorable and such things should never happen. I have talked to UP Government in the morning and they have said 4 people have been arrested in connection with this case. They have taken immediate action on the issue."
Alphons further averred that those taking selfies with tourists may be violating their privacy.
"We must ensure people accept foreigners are coming in and they want privacy, they don't want to be interfered with, if every guy out there wants to have a selfie with tourists, it will make it impossible for people to visit" said Alphons "We say that guests are God we should treat them as God that's the fundamental idea of India. Lot more civilised behavour is required," added Alphons. A group of foreign tourists was allegedly beaten up and molested in Ahraura area of Mirzapur in Uttar Pradesh on Sunday by a group of local boys. All of them were natives of France. As of now, eight people have been arrested by the Uttar Pradesh police in connection to the case. (ANI)
U.S.-NATO troops have demolished “30 Taliban narcotics processing labs” in less than three months, dealing the narco-jihadists a “more than $20 million” blow to their drug operations, primarily made up of trafficking opium and heroin, a spokesman for the international coalition in Afghanistan told Breitbart News.
U.S. Army Lt. Col. Kone Faulkner, a spokesman for the U.S.-NATO mission officially known as Resolute Support (RS), told Breitbart News via email:
Since the first strikes, less than three months ago, we have been targeting the enemy's [Taliban] financial streams. Our combined operations have destroyed 30 Taliban narcotics processing labs, denying this narcotic-insurgency more than $20 million and drug trafficking organizations more than $80 million of drug money. Remember that this is only the beginning of our counter-threat revenue campaign in the war. Additionally, the Afghan National Interdiction Unit conducted two simultaneous raids of Taliban narcotics bazaars, as a part of this integrated campaign.
Marking a significant departure from the previous administration, U.S. President Donald Trump authorized the American military to target the Taliban's economic engine—opium and heroin—with airstrikes as part of his Afghanistan war strategy unveiled in August 2017.
In collaboration with their Afghan partners, RS troops began bombing heroin and opium processing labs last November.
On November 19 alone, the U.S. military and its Afghan counterpart annihilated ten opium and heroin processing labs, recently revealed the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR), an American watchdog agency.
Although the watchdog group learned from Reuters that “it would take three or four days to replace a lab in Afghanistan,” Faulkner insisted that targeting the facilities with airstrikes is more efficient than going after the opium fields.
SIGAR argues that, while it takes tens of thousands of American taxpayer funds to operate U.S. warplanes involved in bombing heroin labs, the facilities “being destroyed are cheap and easy to replace.”
“According to the latest DOD [U.S. Department of Defense] financial management report, an F-22 costs between $35,294 and $36,799 per hour to operate; a B-52 between $32,569 and $34,341 per hour; and an F/A-18 between $9,798 and $16,173 per hour, depending on the model,” John Sopko, the SIGAR chief, reported.
Asked by Breitbart News why the U.S. military is sparing the opium fields while pulverizing the labs used to process the illicit drug, Lt. Col Faulkner explained:
Weapons we have selected are successfully disrupting the Taliban drug processing facilities, blocking their ability to purchase weapons to continue to terrorize innocent civilians. … The strikes do not target poppy fields but rather opium processing facilities in order to avoid causing irrevocable damage to the soil that farmers, who are forced to grow poppy, depend on to sustain themselves and their families with other consumable crops. Additionally, the future ecosystem and a major potential resource for Afghanistan's future. Instead, every precaution is taken to minimize civilian casualties both prior to and during operations.
Targeting the Taliban leadership, financiers, trainers, and logistics elements is a significant component of Trump's South Asia strategy, the official name given to the president's plan to end the Afghanistan war.
The Afghan war has been raging for more than 16 years, since October 2001, in response to 9/11. Despite the U.S. having already spent about $8.7 billion on counternarcotics operations since the war started, Afghanistan remains the top producer of opium and heroin in the world, reaching an unprecedented level of production last year.
Afghanistan is now producing nearly 50 times more opium than in 2001, when the Taliban had instituted a ban on the drug.
“Destroying support networks will prevent the Taliban insurgency from continuing to attack innocent civilians and degrade their combat power,” noted the U.S.-NATO mission spokesman.
SIGAR reported that the DEA estimates the Taliban actively operates “as many as 400–500” opium facilities in Afghanistan at any given time.
Opium is the main ingredient in heroin and various other opioids fueling an unprecedented drug epidemic in the United States, killing tens of thousands of people each year
Besides opium and heroin, the top source of funding for the Afghan Taliban, the jihadist group, described as a “criminal or narco-insurgency” by the U.S. military, is also involved in trafficking marijuana products like hashish.
The Taliban has continued to gain territory even after the implementation of Trump's strategy.
Currently, the Taliban controls or contests about 45 percent of the country, according to the U.S.-NATO mission.
BBC found that the Taliban maintains a presence in 70 percent of the country.
According to SIGAR, the record number of airstrikes launched under President Trump have failed to strengthen the Afghan government's control over the country.
“The expanded authorities provided [by President Trump] to U.S. forces in Afghanistan have resulted in a significant uptick in U.S. air strikes and special operations against the insurgency, with the U.S. dropping 653 munitions in October 2017, a record high since 2012 and a more than three-fold increase from October 2016,” noted the inspector general.
“These actions have yet to increase the Afghan government's control over its population. … The goal of the Afghan government is to control 80% of its population within the next two years,” it adds.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Nottingham's Royal Concert Hall plays host on Tuesday, December 19, to the eagerly-awaited and popular annual Kate Rusby Christmas concert, from 7.30pm.
With a career spanning 25 years in music, Kate Rusby is one of the finest interpreters of traditional folk songs and one of our most emotive original songwriters - melding old and new so you can barely see the join.
A Mercury Prize nominee, Folk Singer of the Year, Best Live Act, Best Album and Best Original Song winner at the BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards, she is forever proud to call herself folk singer.
Kate Rusby's beautiful, expressive vocals never fail to connect the emotional heart of a song to that of her audience. Famously down to earth, Kate'͛s engaging personality and sharp Yorkshire wit have further endeared her to concert goers everywhere.
And it is in her special Christmas concerts that all these elements combine to exquisite effect.
Call the box office for ticket availability on 0115 9895555.
COLUMBUS – Ohio's Spring Severe Weather Awareness Week runs March 18-24, making it a perfect time to ensure you have adequate insurance for financial protection against damaging weather, said Ohio Department of Insurance Director Jillian Froment.
“Many people decide to put off an insurance review for another day then a storm hits,” Froment said. “I urge people to contact an insurance agent to analyze their insurance needs, to make sure adequate coverages and amounts are in place.”
Damage caused by rain, hail, lightning, wind and tornado are generally covered by a standard homeowners insurance policy, renters insurance policy and an auto insurance policy's “comprehensive” or “other than collision” coverage. Flood insurance has to be purchased separately. It's not included in a typical homeowner or renters policy.
Froment shared six insurance protection action items:
Start your insurance review. Contact an insurance agent right away and comparison shop for coverage.
Protect against flood damage. To secure flood insurance talk with an agent, call the National Flood Insurance Program at 1-888-379-9531 or visit www.floodsmart.gov. Check with an agent to see if protection for damage caused by sewer or drain is included in your homeowners policy.
Review personal possessions coverage. If you have a loss, actual cash value pays the value of the item the day it was destroyed. Replacement cost coverage pays in accordance with the value of a comparable item at the current market price. Renters should consider renters insurance to protect their possessions.
Ask about after the fact expenses. Determine if the policy pays for such things as fire department charges, temporary repairs, debris removal, trees and shrubs, personal property storage, and certain living expenses.
Assess roof repair/replacement deductible. Most homeowners policies have a wind/hail deductible. It's either a flat dollar amount, or a percentage amount based on the home's insured amount, not the damage amount. Know how much of the repair/replacement costs you will be responsible for because of wind/hail damage.
Conduct an inventory. Listing possessions with photos and their values will prove worthwhile in a claim filing situation and help determine if you have adequate amounts of insurance. Download the free phone app myHOME Scr.APP.book or print a paper version at www.insurance.ohio.gov.
For more visit the Ohio Department of Insurance severe weather preparation and recovery toolkit at www.insurance.ohio.gov and call 1-800-686-1526 with questions. Safety information is available from the Ohio Committee for Severe Weather Awareness, www.weathersafety.ohio.gov.
http://www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/03/web1_FromentSM-1.jpg
[India], Feb. 3 (ANI): Parents of two assaulted Kashmiri students studying in Central University of Haryana thanked the government of Jammu and Kashmir and Haryana for taking appropriate actions on time.
"I want to thank Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti for raising this issue. I also want to thank the Haryana government for taking appropriate action. It doesn't matter which religion one belongs to, incidents like these should not take place," said Mohd Quyoom, father of Aftab Ahmed, the Kashmiri student who assaulted by unknown people.
Recalling how his son was saved, Aftab Ahmed further said, "Some Hindu boys identified my son as their classmate. Two boys from Haryana helped a lot and took them to hospital. I am grateful to them and media."
The emotional mother of the two boys said she wished all kids who are studying away from their homes don't' have to go with such an ordeal.
"We are very poor and with much difficulty we sent our kids to study outside. Why did this happen with our kids? We want justice for our kids. We wish all the kids who are studying away from their homes don't' have to go with such an ordeal," said the mother.
Earlier in the day, the Haryana Police lodged an FIR in connection with the alleged assault on two Kashmiri students of Central University of Haryana, in Mahendergarh.
The FIR was registered at the Mahendergarh Police Station, under sections 148 (Rioting, armed with deadly weapon), 149 (unlawful assembly guilty of offence towards common object), 341 (wrongful restraint) and 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
The two students, Aaftab Ahmed and Amzad Ali, narrated the incident to ANI.
"Yesterday, my friend and I had gone to Mahendergarh to buy some things and before leaving for the university, we also visited the mosque to offer Namaz. When we came out, we noticed some people following us, but we didn't pay much heed," Aaftab Ahmed said.
Next, we went to a tailor's shop for my work, and as soon as I sat on the bike, a group of 15 to 20 people came and started beating us," the other student Amzad Ali said.
The perpetrator did not offer any reason for their action, despite the students repeatedly asking what their fault was. Their call for help also went unheard by the passersby," Ahmed said.
Ali said the police had assured that they would come to the hospital but after waiting for them till 5:00 p.m., Ahmed and Ali left for their university. (ANI)
Tennis legend Roger Federer has said he does not think there will ever be enough drug testing in the sport.
His comments came with 23-time Grand Slam champion Serena Williams claiming it is "unfair" how often she is tested.
Federer said he is tested all the time because the tester lives in the same Swiss village.
"I don't believe there's ever going to be enough testing," the 36-year-old, who has won 20 Grand Slams, said as he bids for a ninth Wimbledon title.
"What's important is these people are professional, they know what they're doing, they treat you like humans, not like criminals.
"Then it's okay.
"But I understand the frustration sometimes.
"I have it, too."
Federer, who turns 37 next month, said he has had "a lot of testing" in the past month.
"I think I've had seven tests," he said.
"It's been quite heavy.
"Also blood and urine.
"Two in Stuttgart, in Halle."
He went on to say that being tested in Switzerland was "very convenient", because the man who carries out the tests lives in the same village.
Both Roger Federer and Serena Williams started their 2018 Wimbledon campaigns on Monday with straight set wins ©Getty Images
"If he's bored at home, he probably just says 'let me check in on Roger to see if he's having a good time,'" Federer said.
"Anyway, it's only going to take 10 minutes, whatever."
The Swiss added, however, that in the 15 years he has been based in Dubai, he has rarely been tested.
"In Dubai I've hardly ever been tested, which has been quite disappointing," he said.
"To honest, in the 15 years I've been there, it's been one test."
Federer's stance, that he does not think there will ever be enough testing, is quite a contrast to that of Williams, who said that the amount she is tested in comparison to other American players is "unfair".
"Just test everyone equally," she said.
"I'm totally okay with testing and I encourage it.
"It's just about being equal and not centering one person out."
Williams was asked her opinion after it emerged she has been tested five times so far this year, more than any other player from the US.
She also hit the news after an anti-doping official recently arrived to carry out a test a full 12 hours before Williams said she would be free, eventually leaving without a sample.
Both players have now begun their 2018 Wimbledon campaigns, each winning in straight sets yesterday.
The New York Times columnist David Brooks writes in a “memo” to Democratic Party leaders that their support for abortion on demand up until birth is hurting their party.
Pointing out the failure of the Senate to muster 60 votes to protect unborn babies from abortion past the fifth month of pregnancy, Brooks notes, “I kept wondering: How much is our position on late-term abortions hurting us?”
Taking his readers back through time before Roe v. Wade, when the Supreme Court created a right to abortion – though, as Alan Dershowitz has noted, none ever existed in the Constitution – Brooks observes that some right to life groups, including the National Catholic Welfare Conference, once also embraced progressive causes, such as a “right to collective bargaining.”
Roe v. Wade, however, polarized the abortion debate, Brooks writes, as the pro-life movement gained momentum.
“Without pro-life voters, Ronald Reagan never would have been elected,” he explains. “Without single-issue voters who wanted pro-life judges, there would never have been a President Donald Trump.”
Writing as an “Imaginary Democratic Consultant,” Brooks observes to Democratic Party leaders that science and polling are not on their side and that Democrats likely stand to lose more by clinging to the demands of their donor abortion industry that insists on abortion access up until the time of birth.
He reasons that if Roe v. Wade were overturned and the abortion issue returned to the states, many states would ban the procedure, but many would allow it only in the first few months of pregnancy.
“That's what most Americans support,” he admits, laying out that only 24 percent of millennial voters believe abortion should be legal under any situation.
Brooks further points to Emma Green's piece at the Atlantic, which illuminates how science is on the side of the pro-life movement.
“Babies are now viable outside the womb at 22 weeks,” he writes. “Parents can see their babies' faces earlier and earlier.”
“It could be that one of the current behaviors that future generations will regard as most barbaric is our treatment of fetuses,” Brooks asserts.
The columnist further reasons with the leaders of his party that, by taking abortion off the table as a polarizing issue, they will allow greater consideration of the rest of the Democrats' agenda.
“Roe v. Wade polarized American politics in ways that have been fundamentally bad for Democrats,” Brooks writes. “If you don't believe me, compare the size of the elected Democratic majorities in 1974 to the size of the Republican majorities in 2018. Without Roe v. Wade the landscape would shift.”
“We need to acknowledge our vulnerability here,” Brooks urges Democratic leaders.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - A new traveling exhibit at the Children's Museum encourages problem-solving.
Scroll for more content...
Brain Teasers 2 opened on Friday with a special ribbon cutting.
The exhibit offers 20 brain twisters for puzzle lovers of all ages.
It highlights the importance of creative thinking.
You can check out the name for yourself through May 6th.
To learn more, click here.
Municipalities are concerned with fatberg – caused by dumping fats, oils and grease that clog your pipes.
As many sit down this weekend for the Thanksgiving feast, they may not realize they are contributing to a costly problem.
The average 14 pound turkey produced about 250 millilitres or 1 cup of fat.
Image that multiplied by thousands of homes in this community alone and it can create a problem down the line.
Many municipalities are encouraging people to not pour fats, oils and grease (or FOG) down the drains. They mix with other items such as wipes and dental floss to create what's called a fatberg.
As soon as the FOGs go a short distance, they start to harden and end up clogging the sewage system.
Metro Vancouver spends about $2 million to repair the damage caused by these products and homeowners can also face costly bills when their pipes get blocked. That's why it created the Wipe It, Green Bin It campaigns to educate residents, but these tips can be used in homes throughout British Columbia.
Disposal:
• For small amounts of grease, wipe or scrape out the pot or pan and put the grease into your green bin.
• Larger amounts of grease, like deep fryer oil, can be dropped off at an approved recycling depot.
Kitchen cloggers:
• Fats – dairy produts, salad dressings, margarine, butter, shortening.
• Oils – cooking oils such as olive, canola, vegetable, corn, peanut, coconut) as well as oil-based sauces.
• Grease – pan drippings, trimmings from meat, lard.
READ ABOUT THANKSGIVING COOKING FIRE SAFETY
President Donald Trump, who has been outspoken against the concept of White House dinners in the past, will host French President Emmanuel Macron and French First Lady Brigette Macron at his first state dinner on Tuesday night—and the meal will follow the upscale tradition of his predecessors.
“Forget the state dinners—that cost, by the way, a fortune,” Trump said on the campaign trail in Iowa in 2016. “We shouldn't have dinners at all. We should be eating a hamburger on a conference table.”
Rather than Big Macs, though, the evening's three-course menu consists of gussied-up American comfort food with some classic French culinary terms thrown in for good measure.
To start, guests will be served a savory goat cheese gateau (a fancy word for cake) with tomato jam, biscuit crumbles and “young variegated lettuces.” The main course is a rack of spring lamb (we assume Trump will ask for his well done), burnt cipollini soubise (a traditional French sauce of onion, butter and cream), and gold rice jambalaya. Rounding out the menu is a nectarine tart with crème fraîche ice cream for dessert.
Whet your appetite. WH announces menu for Tuesday night's State Dinner for French Pres and Mme Macron: pic.twitter.com/AHzVE9iUlN — Mark Knoller (@markknoller) April 23, 2018
According to a press release from the Office of the First Lady, the menu is meant to “celebrate the wondrous first harvest of spring, using greens from the White House kitchen garden.” Melania Trump has notably embraced the precedent Michelle Obama set with the White House Kitchen Garden, and will also be using Hillary Clinton's china for the affair.
The dinner menu has the stamp of approval from at least one high-profile chef, José Andrés, who was previously embroiled in a bitter lawsuit with the President after pulling out of a restaurant project in the Trump Hotel in Washington, D.C.
“Menu looks great!,” he tweeted at the President and First Lady.
Dear @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP Menu looks great! Remember to honor Honoré Julien who was the first known French chef at the White House and Virginia wines, that are full of French influence…. https://t.co/TGxigXb4pa — José Andrés (@chefjoseandres) April 23, 2018
The Macrons landed in D.C. on Tuesday morning and were greeted with an official arrival ceremony followed by a day of activities with the President and First Lady. In addition to the upscale fare, Tuesday night's dinner will feature a performance from the Washington National Opera.
HARRISBURG, Pa., April 6 A Catholic monsignor will plead guilty to embezzling over a half-million dollar from the Archdiocese of Philadelphia over nine years to pay gambling debts, buy concert tickets and enjoy expensive meals, his lawyer and authorities said Thursday.
Monsignor William Dombrow, 77, was rector of Villa Saint Joseph, a retirement home for aged and infirm priests in Darby, Pennsylvania, outside of Philadelphia.
“He accepts full responsibility and has cooperated with authorities from the beginning,” said his lawyer, Coley Reynolds. “He is ashamed and remorseful, and hopes he can someday redeem himself in the eyes of the archdiocese and parishioners.”
Dombrow waived preliminary arraignment on four counts of wire fraud and is expected to have a guilty plea hearing later this month, said Michele Mucellin, a spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney.
Dombrow had sole control of a Villa Saint Joseph bank account used to deposit bequests and life insurance proceeds intended to benefit the home, court documents said.
Prosecutors say the monsignor stole $535,258 between 2007 and 2016. Last year the bank became suspicious and alerted the archdiocese.
Church officials froze the account and notified law enforcement, said Ken Gavin, a spokesman for the archdiocese. The church suspended Dombrow as an administrator at Villa Saint Joseph and as a priest, he said.
Dombrow faces a statutory maximum of 80 years in prison on the charges, but would likely receive far less under sentencing guidelines. His lawyer would not say how long of a sentence they expect him to receive. (Editing by Frank McGurty and Lisa Shumaker)
AIKEN COUNTY, S.C. (WJBF) – Students in Aiken County will head back to class on Tuesday.
January 3rd was selected as the make-up day for the time missed due to Tropical Storm Hermine back in September.
It was originally scheduled as the final day of winter break for students.
Richmond County students are back in class on January 5th.
Columbia County students don't return until January 10th.
“My two little sisters, we never even heard from them. They never even RSVP'd I don't think… I would have loved to have had them there.”
— Brody Jenner, on half-sisters Kendall and Kylie Jenner not responding to his wedding invitation, to PEOPLE
(Reuters) - World number one Caroline Wozniacki suffered her first defeat since lifting the Australian Open trophy when she was edged out 7-6(2) 6-3 by Russia's Daria Kasatkina in the quarter-finals at the St Petersburg Ladies' Trophy on Friday.
The 20-year-old Kasatkina was dominant in the tiebreak to claim the opening set and won three of the last four games of the match against Wozniacki, who had fought hard to get back on serve halfway into the second set.
“She just won the Australian Open, and since I beat her, it means I was playing really well,” Kasatkina said. “I was just trying to play point-by-point and focus on the rally.”
It was Kasatkina's second career win over a reigning world number one, having beaten Angelique Kerber when the German held the top ranking in Sydney last year.
World number 23 Kasatkina will next face defending champion Kristina Mladenovic, who continued her strong run with a 6-4 6-3 win over Czech Katerina Siniakova in the quarter-finals.
Earlier in the day, two-time Wimbledon winner Petra Kvitova booked her place in the semi-finals with an attacking masterclass to defeat second seed Jelena Ostapenko 6-0 6-2.
Kvitova, who entered the tournament as a wildcard, broke her Latvian opponent's serve five times to seal the most one-sided victory in the pair's five head-to-head meetings.
“At the end of the last match, I found my rhythm a little bit - I knew I had to play a little bit better today, against someone who is playing very aggressive,” Kvitova said on-court.
“I had to stay focused on every point. It was just about a few games which I was serving and kept my serve... I served pretty well today, so it was great.”
Kvitova's will next face fifth seed Julia Goerges, who recorded a convincing 6-3 6-3 win over Russian qualifier Elena Rybakina.
A MAN accused of lying to a Queensland corruption watchdog investigation into harness racing match-fixing has been charged with perjury as the cheating scandal around the industry continues.
The 35-year-old, who was charged with match-fixing in November, is accused of lying to the Crime and Corruption Commission about his participation in match- fixing conduct and the release of inside information.
Camera Icon Shane Graham at the Beenleigh watchhouse. Picture: Annette Dew Picture: News Corp Australia
His perjury charges come after Queensland's championship-leading driver and prominent industry identity Shane Robert Graham and another of the state's top harness racing drivers, Leonard Cain, were charged on Sunday in relation to the long-running sting.
Graham has been charged with two counts of disclosing the knowledge to another about a relevant bet, two counts of facilitating match-fixing conduct for a pecuniary benefit and one count of encouraging another person to make a relevant bet.
The alleged cheating operation was at the time likened by Queensland Racing Integrity Commissioner Ross Barnett to organised crime.
The allegations of match-fixing centre on two races at Albion Park in July and October.
On Monday, a 65-year-old man was charged over allegations he knew of a match-fixing arrangement when he put bets on a race.
Those charged under the ongoing investigation into major and organised crime around racing circles remain before the courts.
“The Queensland racing crime squad will pursue all information received regarding match-fixing and criminal conduct across all codes of racing,” Detective Inspector Mick Dowie said on Tuesday.
The last time Britain saw this much heavy snow nationwide was in March 2013, and during the winter of 2010
Published 7:56 PM, December 11, 2017
LONDON, United Kingdom – Britain was recovering Monday, December 11, after heavy snow brought freezing temperatures, shutting hundreds of schools and disrupting flights for a second day.
Power was restored to more than 100,000 homes, while airports tried to recover their schedules following the winter's first major snowfall – the biggest in four years.
The last time Britain saw this much heavy snow nationwide was in March 2013, and during the winter of 2010.
Newspaper front pages were filled with pictures of people either enjoying the snow or stuck in gridlock on the roads.
Some 32 centimeters (12.5 inches) of snow fell in Sennybridge in south Wales on Sunday, December10.
And temperatures overnight dropped to minus 11.6 degrees Celsius (11 degrees Fahrenheit) in Northumberland, northeast England.
The Western Power Distribution network said it has restored power to more than 99,500 customers, while a further 7,000 were still without electricity, largely in west central England.
Meanwhile disruption continued on the roads and at airports.
London Heathrow, Europe's busiest airport by passenger numbers, said it was still experiencing problems.
"Some flights at Heathrow will be disrupted on Monday due to crew and aircraft being out of position following yesterday's weather," it said.
"We're working with our airline partners to return aircraft to where they need to be, and full service recovery remains the focus."
Hundreds of schools were closed in western England and north Wales, while much of the kingdom was on a yellow weather warning for snow and ice.
All local authority-run schools in the central city of Birmingham were also shut. – Rappler.com
BRUSSELS European Union finance ministers will try on Friday to find a way to deal with bad loans at European banks that drain their profits and capital and obstruct their financing of the economy.
The 2008 financial crisis and subsequent economic downturn in Europe increased the non-performing loans (NPLs) of EU banks, which now amount to 1 trillion euros ($1.07 trillion), or 5.4 percent of all bank loans.
The data come from a paper prepared for the ministers' discussions on Friday and Saturday at informal talks to be held in Valletta by the Maltese presidency of the EU.
The paper said it is difficult to compare levels of bad loans in banks elsewhere because no common definition exists, but they amounted to 1.7 percent of total loans in the United States and 1.6 percent in Japan in 2015.
"The pace of working out the NPLs is still relatively slow, and if action continues at that level it will take quite a bit of time," one EU official said.
Officials said banks could survive with a 5.4 percent bad loan ratio, but that the average masked huge differences between countries, ranging from 1 percent to 47 percent.
"We expect recognition from the ministers that there is a European dimension to the problem and so it makes sense that we have a common strategy," the official said.
The countries with the highest bad loan ratios were Greece, Cyprus and Portugal, followed by Italy, Slovenia and Ireland. Banks have made provisions for roughly half the bad-loan amount, officials said.
"Given its magnitude, the NPL problem will not solve itself, even in the context of economic recovery," the Maltese presidency paper said.
"Significant steps have already been taken in member states to tackle the NPL issue, including in the context of financial assistance program. More is needed, however, to bring the NPL ratio down to sustainable levels," it said.
The paper suggested ministers should push for unifying the treatment of bad loans by bank supervisors across the EU, unify insolvency laws, develop secondary markets on which banks could trade bad loans and set up asset management companies for NPLs.
Finally, ministers should consider restructuring in the banking system to help deal with high levels bad loans now and in make it more resilient to NPLs in the future.
(Reporting By Jan Strupczewski; editing by Philip Blenkinsop, Larry King)
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is set to be the keynote speaker at a St. Louis Area Police Chiefs Association prayer breakfast this week. But a spokesperson for St. Louis County prosecutor questioned whether it was appropriate for the governor, who faces charges for offenses related to computer tampering and taking a nonconsensual nude photo of a woman, to speak at the religious event.
“Chiefs, Are you sure you want a guy currently charged with a felony as your guest speaker?” county prosecutor Robert McCulloch's spokesperson Ed Magee wrote, according to a copy of the email obtained by the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. “That will not be good press wise.”
Read the full Post-Dispatch report here and TPM's most recent coverage of the charges lobbed against Greitens here.
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
O-BAHN passengers have praised the time saved on the new route after the much-anticipated $160 million tunnel opened on Monday, with some making dedicated journeys just to see for themselves.
Bob Godfrey, of Gilles Plains, took the bus into the city to try out the tunnel.
“Some people say it's only improved by two minutes. It might be two minutes in the middle of the day but in the morning (you) would be sitting on Hackney Rd for 20 minutes,” Mr Godfrey said.
“Hackney Rd was almost a carpark (in peak hour traffic).
“The O-Bahn system is a fabulous transport system.
“I've been riding it for about 35 years,” he said.
The 670m tunnel – beginning near the National Wine Centre and ending at East Tce – plus an extra lane created for buses along Hackney Rd, was expected to shave off an average of three and a half minutes per trip.
Geoff McDuff, of Para Vista, was also full of praise for the new additions.
“It's brilliant,” Mr McDuff said.
“It's the best thing that's ever been done.”
JORDYNN Knight was a devoted, loving father who worked hard to support his young family.
On Monday the labourer, 21, kissed goodbye his partner of four years and his newborn daughter before leaving for work from their southern suburbs home.
“I saw him … before he went to work and he said to me ‘I love you, I will ride safe and I will call you when I get to work',” an emotional Erica Wastell told The Advertiser .
He never called.
Mr Knight, of Christies Beach, became the state's 96th road fatality for the year early on Monday after crashing his new trail bike at Kangarilla as he travelled through the Adelaide Hills to work.
Camera Icon Jordynn Knight with his partner Erica Wastell and their baby daughter Sayge, just after her birth. Picture supplied by family Picture: Supplied
He also became the 22nd motorcyclist to die on South Australian roads this year, compared with eight in 2016. The state's road toll was 81 at the same time last year.
Major Crash police are investigating the smash's circumstances on Kangarilla Road, about 40km south of Adelaide, at 6.45am after the motorcyclist collided with a Mitsubishi Pajero 4WD.
Mr Knight, a concreter who was travelling to Mt Barker, died at the scene. The 4WD driver was not injured. No charges had been laid on Monday night.
A devastated Ms Wastell, also 21, led tributes to the “loving father”, who she said doted on their four month-old daughter Sayge — whose name carries relatives' initials.
Speaking at the southern suburbs house of his parents, Karina Harding, 40, and her husband, John, 49, Ms Wastell wept as she told of her grief.
Camera Icon Jordynn Knight's daughter Sayge. Picture supplied by family Picture: Supplied
“He was such a loving father,” she said. “He worked so hard for us. We had just been chilling over the weekend, organising Christmas and spending time with Sayge.”
Supported by her mother, she said he got his motorbike as a Father's Day present this year to help save time, and money, travelling to work so he could spend more time with his youngest daughter.
He loved watching motocross and professional drag racing but he was careful riding on the road, she said.
She told how he took his daughter to a recent motocross event but made sure she was wearing suitable earmuffs and sunglasses to ensure she was protected from the noise.
Camera Icon The scene of the fatal crash at Kangarilla. Picture: News Corp Australia
As his friends paid tribute on social media, government worker Mrs Harding, 40, of Old Reynella, said her son's main concern was his family's wellbeing.
“Jordynn was like life,” she said as she fought tears.
“He worked hard but he made everyone happy. He would light up a room and everyone would take notice because he was here.
“He was an even brighter light when Sayge was born. He was so family orientated. His life was family and work.
“He wrote in his Year 7 yearbook he wanted to be a concreter ... he succeeded.”
Police appealed for any witnesses, or drivers with dashcam footage, to call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
MIRANDA Devine's inaugural online radio show Miranda Live started with her sitting down with Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull.
The PM, who has been battered by a string of poor Newspoll ratings admitted he's regretting making his rolling of Tony Abbott all about the polls.
Listen to the Miranda Live interview below:
LISTEN TO THE FULL MIRANDA LIVE SHOW HERE
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
CIUDAD VICTORIA, Tamaulipas — Cartel gunmen murdered a two-year-old boy and his family in the most recent execution in a trend of violence without end.
On Sunday early morning, a team of gunmen stormed a home in the Infonavit Aldama neighborhood, a housing project in the city.
The gunmen went around the perimeter shooting the four family members, including a two-year-old boy.
A series of graphic photographs obtained by the Cartel Chronicles project reveal in gory detail how the gunmen killed Jose Esteban Huerta, 37, his wife Yolanda de la Cruz Urbina (40), their daughter 19-year-old Yahaira Elizabeth Huerta de la Cruz and two-year-old Jose Ramiro Huerta de la Cruz.
As Breitbart Texas reported, Ciudad Victoria is ground zero for a fierce war between Los Zetas Cartel factions. Through executions, kidnappings, shootouts and other violent means, the rivals continue to fight for lucrative drug distribution territories and trafficking routes to the U.S.-Mexico Border.
Initially, the war was between the Cartel Del Noreste faction that primarily operates in Nuevo Laredo and the border state of Coahuila and the alliance of Vieja Escuela Z and Grupo Bravo. Since then, Grupo Bravo (now using the name Z) and Vieja Escuela have disbanded their alliance and now the three factions continue a war on separate fronts.
Editor's Note: Breitbart Texas traveled to the Mexican States of Tamaulipas, Coahuila, and Nuevo León to recruit citizen journalists willing to risk their lives and expose the cartels silencing their communities. The writers would face certain death at the hands of the various cartels that operate in those areas including the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas if a pseudonym were not used. Breitbart Texas' Cartel Chronicles are published in both English and in their original Spanish. This article was written by “M.A. Navarro” from Ciudad Victoria.
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
If your Pinterest wedding boards are filled with dreamy boho bridal gowns, The Bachelorette‘s Desiree Hartsock Siegfried is going to make your pins an (affordable!) reality. After testing the waters by designing a wedding dress collection for Maggie Sottero back in 2015, she's now launching her very own line that includes romantic, modern styles all at a price point that will still leave you room in your wedding budget for a fully stocked open bar.
Her debut designs features 21 styles that “bridge the gap” from modern to boho for a bride who is looking for “elements of surprise” in the dress, Siegfried tells PeopleStyle.
RELATED PHOTOS: Look Back at Every Wedding Dress From The Bachelor, The Bachelorette and Bachelor in Paradise
Her main objective for the line, though, was to be within reach for the average woman. “My whole goal is to be affordable. Working in bridal, I've seen it all,” she says. “And I want to be accessible and affordable so it's actually reachable for brides.”
The collection ranges in price from $1,300 to $3,200, which is on the lower end of the bridal gown spectrum, where prices can easily reach $10,000 for a gown. “Build your life together with that money [instead]!” Hartsock says.
‘Bachelorette' Rachel Lindsay Reveals How Her Engagement Ring Was Partially Inspired by Beyoncé
She first started sketching this collection two years ago, but says she had to put her plans on hold to focus on her family; she and husband Chris Siegfried welcomed son Asher in October 2016.
“Staying at home with Asher has been the most amazing thing ever, but there is still that passion inside me that needs to create and needs to work and I think that makes me a better mother,” she explains. “When I'm able to be creative and have an outlet, I'm a much happier wife and much happier mom. Overall I think that makes the whole family dynamic really good. I feel really good about it. Obviously it takes a little longer with an almost 1-year-old, but I've made it through!”
She actually first developed her love of wedding dress design back during her days at the Fashion Institute of Design & Merchandising. “When I went to FIDM I just developed this love for bridal and the intricacy of the details and also just the meaning behind it all,” she says. “It's one of the most special days of a girl's life; you get to be a part of that, walk down the aisle with her and experience all of that. I've worked in bridal since I was 19. I've always been drawn to it.”
You can start shopping the debut, Desiree Hartsock Bridal Dream Catcher collection, on October 8, with a list of stockists soon to come on her website.
— with reporting by Aili Nahas.
Global Grind
Adrian Daniel may think he's a normal guy from Brooklyn, but there is nothing average or everyday about what he does in the booth.
Adding to an already impressive catalogue in anticipation for his forthcoming album, the Alternative R&B singer hit us with a new song from the project—and he's calling it “Open Up.” Equal parts trap flow and R&B soul, it's the kind of hit that grabs you from the moment you press play, inspiring you to reflect on your own hang-ups about being vulnerable in love and life. Adrian says the addictive track is all about “accepting someone's imperfections and loving them in spite of them. It's about allowing someone to love you even though you have flaws.”
In a moment of stunning sincerity, he adds “We forget we all have flaws; we all have imperfections. That's what makes us human. That's what makes the relationship real.”
If you haven't been introduced to Adrian just yet, he makes an amazing first impression with “Open Up.” Listen below and stay tuned for more.
President Donald Trump spoke this morning at a press conference on the shooting in Virginia that appeared to target several GOP members at a baseball practice in Alexandria.
President Trump confirmed that the assailant is dead.
The gunman is identified as James Hodgkinson, 66 of Belleville, Illinois. Hodgkinson opened fire on Republican Congressional lawmakers and staff as they practiced baseball in a Virginia park.
Officials believe James T. Hodgkinson was targeting members of Congress. ABC News reports that law enforcement is examining his supposed anti-Trump posts online. The FBI says it's investigating the social media presence and motives of the Illinois man suspected in a shooting that injured Rep. Steve Scalise and several others.Authorities are searching his home in Illinois.
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was among the shooting victims. He is listed in stable but critical condition. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy told reporters that Scalise was out of surgery. Scalise's office released a statement that he had been shot in the hip but in stable condition at MedStar Washington Hospital.
Five people were taken to the hospital with gunshot wounds.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
After a promising start to the season, things have not gone well for Motherwell in the recent months.
Well, who lost 1-2 at Hamilton during the midweek, have managed only one win in their last 11 league games. As things stand, they find themselves in the sixth spot with 28 points – this point-total puts them just five points outside the drop zone.
Well will be looking to put more distance between themselves and the bottom-two when they host second-from-bottom Partick Thistle at Fir Park on Saturday.
Thistle come into this game on the back of an impressive 3-1 win at St Johnstone last weekend. They have won three of their last five league games, and that is encouraging for them considering they have won only six games during the season.
Thistle currently sit on the eleventh point with 23 points from 24 games. They find themselves level on points with Hamilton in the tenth, and a positive result on Saturday would most definitely see them move out of the drop zone.
Both sides have played each other twice this season, and both games have ended in home wins. Well claimed a 3-0 in their home game in September, and Thistle followed that up a with a 3-2 home win in December.
Motherwell vs Partick Thistle – Match Facts
Thistle have lost eight of their 12 away games this season.
Well have won their last four home games against Thistle.
Well have managed just one win their last 11 games.
Motherwell vs Partick Thistle – Match Odds
Well are favourites to win and they are available at their best odds of 11/10 at Skybet. We believe that Thistle can get a draw from this game despite having a poor away record against Well. Thus, this preview is going for a draw as its prediction in this game. A draw is available at 12/5 odds at BetVictor.
An away win can get you 13/5 odds at Bet365.
Motherwell vs Partick Thistle – Correct Score Odds
A 1-1 draw is the most probable result in the betting market at the best odds of 6/1 at William Hill. In this game, we are going for the same scoreline as our correct score prediction.
Motherwell vs Partick Thistle – Anytime Goalscorer Odds
Well striker Nadir Ciftci, a loan signing from Celtic, is the favourite to score in the game, and he is available at his best odds of 27/11 at Unibet. Ryan Bowman, who has already scored twice against Thistle this season, is available at 5/2 odds at Betfair. For the visitors, Connor Sammon is available at 3/1 odds at Unibet.
We are backing Curtis Main as our prediction. Main, who has scored Well's last two goals in the Premiership, is available at 16/5 odds at Unibet.
Motherwell vs Partick Thistle – Total Goals Over/Under Odds
We are going for under 2.5 goals in the game, and this prediction is priced at the best odds of 4/6 at BetVictor.
By: News Staff
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
NORTH SMITHFIELD, R.I. (WLNE) — Police arrested a Massachusetts man Friday morning for possession of drugs.
28-year-old Milano Andre-Fields, of Boylston Mass., was charged with possession of marijuana and possession of narcotics with intent to deliver.
Police were investigating a possible drug activity at the Travelers Motor Lodge on Eddie Dowling Highway in North Smithfield at 5:30 a.m. Friday.
Officers found a stash of marijuana, money, a scale, and a ledger inside a backpack.
Andre-Fields will be arraigned in 3rd District Court in Warwick on Friday.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
By: Scott Cook
Email: SCook@ABC6.com
Twitter: @JScottCook
WESTERLY, R.I. (WLNE) -- Monday was the first day students at Westerly High School were required to use specially issued identification badges to gain access into two main buildings on campus.
"It is helpful that we can now keep our doors secure pretty much all the time," said Westerly High School principal, Todd Grimes.
The badges will only allow students into the buildings during passing periods. Students who are late or are on campus after hours won't be able to get in.
"We can set the times on them, so we've set them to only the times students would need access," said Grimes. "At times other than that, they would have to gain access, as any visitor would, through the main office."
The move comes amid increased concerns about school safety, following last month's massacre in Parkland, Florida.
However, Westerly High principal, Todd Grimes, says the badges are not in response to the tragedy in Parkland.
"This is something we've been looking to implement for nearly a year and a half," he said. "There just have been many barriers that have come up during the process."
But Westerly students are calling for more increased security measures. A main idea that has been presented is hiring a second security officer so that each building on campus would be watched at all times.
The school says it is considering numerous other options for increased security, but does not know if or when they will institute them.
© WLNE-TV 2018
* Bharti Airtel sells 10 pct stakes in tower unit for $953 mln
* Bharti Airtel to use funds to reduce debt
* Bharti Airtel's stake in tower unit reduced to 62 pct (Adds detail, context and analysts' comments)
By Sankalp Phartiyal
MUMBAI, March 28 India's Bharti Airtel said it sold a 10.3 percent stake in its telecom tower unit Bharti Infratel to U.S. private equity firm KKR & Co LP and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB) for more than 61.9 billion rupees ($952.75 million).
Bharti Airtel sold 190 million shares in Infratel to KKR and CPPIB at 325 rupees apiece, the country's top telecom operator said in a statement on Tuesday, adding that the funds will primarily be used to reduce its debt. The selling price was a 4 percent premium to the share's closing price of 312.55 a share on Monday.
Bharti Infratel shares on Tuesday were up 2 percent to 318.80 rupees at 0709 GMT, compared to a rise in the broader Mumbai market of 0.65 percent.
The deal will leave Bharti's stake in Infratel at 61.7 percent, with the remainder owned by a slew of fund managers, including Fidelity Management & Research Company and Aberdeen Asset Management, according to Thomson Reuters data.
The transaction marks KKR's second investment in Infratel, the telecom operator said. KKR invested in the tower firm in 2008 and sold its 2.5 percent stake in 2015, according to media reports.
Analysts expect an increase of acquisitions in India's mobile tower business, as wireless providers seek to exit the business in order to reduce high debt levels and focus on their core businesses.
Earlier this month, Britain's Vodafone Group and Idea Cellular agreed to merge their Indian operations in a $23 billion deal, and said they would look to sell their mobile tower businesses.
"Just as the telecom industry is consolidating due to unviable spectrum pricing and competitive pressures, tower companies will follow," Ambit Capital said this month in a research note.
Earlier this month, Reliance Communications said India's competition regulator approved its sale of a 51 percent stake in its tower assets to Canada's Brookfield Infrastructure Group for 100 billion rupees ($1.54 billion).
India's mobile tower business is benefiting as carriers expand their 4G telecoms networks to cater to fast-rising demand for high-speed data, but it still remains a capital-intensive business that can constrain profits in the near-term, analysts said.
"Over the near to medium term, pain continues to persist for telecom and tower companies, and it's difficult to say how tenancies would develop over the long-term," Naval Seth, equity research analyst at Emkay Global said. ($1 = 64.9700 Indian rupees) (Additional reporting by Aby Jose Koilparambil in BENGALURU; Editing by Randy Fabi)
Fed presses ahead with details on gradual bond-trimming plan
NEW YORK, June 14 The Federal Reserve pressed ahead with plans to shrink its $4.5 trillion in bond holdings, outlining on Wednesday a very gradual plan for trimming securities that came in at the low end of Wall Street estimates.
Cars that ‘see' around corners on the cards
Jaguar Land Rover is leading a £4,7-million (approximately R79-million) project to develop self-driving cars that can “see” at blind junctions and through obstacles.
The UK's biggest carmaker is leading a project called AutopleX to combine connected, automated and live mapping tech so more information is provided earlier to the self-driving car.
This enables automated cars to communicate with all road users and obstaclees where there is no direct view, effectively helping them see, so they can safely merge lanes and negotiate complex roundabouts autonomously.
Chris Holmes, connected and autonomous vehicle research manager at Jaguar Land Rover, says: “This project is crucial in order to bring self-driving cars to our customers in the near future. Together with our AutopleX partners, we will merge our connected and autonomous research to empower our self-driving vehicles to operate safely in the most challenging, real-world traffic situations.
“This project will ensure we deliver the most sophisticated and capable automated driving technology.”
Jaguar Land Rover is developing fully- and semi-automated vehicle technologies, offering customers a choice of an engaged or automated drive, while maintaining an enjoyable and safe driving experience. The company's vision is to make the self-driving car viable in the widest range of real-life, on- and off-road driving environments and weather.
AutopleX will develop the technology through simulation and public road testing both on motorways and in urban environments in the West Midlands.
Highways England, INRIX, Ricardo, Siemens, Transport for West Midlands and WMG at the University of Warwick join the AutopleX consortium, which was announced as part of Innovate UK's third round of Connected and Autonomous Vehicle Funding in March 2018.
HAPPY END (M)
*** 1/2
Director: Michael Haneke
Starring: Isabelle Huppert, Jean-Louis Trintignant, Mathieu Kassovitz, Toby Jones
Verdict: Downbeat drama of family dysfunctionality
DURING a hot Aussie summer, a chilly new drama by Michael Haneke offers a welcome palate cleanser. Happy End is an elegantly savage deconstruction of a well-to-do French family that packs quite a punch.
The Laurents, a construction dynasty, are headed up by Anne (played by Isabelle Huppert), who has taken over the reins from her elderly and ailing father Georges (Jean-Louis Trintignant, so memorable as the husband in Haneke's previous effort, Amour ).
Georges is losing his grip on reality and knows it. But so is Anne's son Pierre (Franz Rogowski), a young man who struggles to function within the company he's destined to inherit. When a poor local man is injured in an accident on one of the Laurents' building sites, Pierre begins to be eaten up by guilt.
Guilt, among other things, runs in this family. Twelve-year-old Eve (Fantine Harduin) may or may not have had something to do with her abusive mother's recent drug overdose. She has come to live with her father, Anne's brother Thomas (Mathieu Kassovitz), and his new young family, but has trouble trusting her dad (not without reason).
Camera Icon Fantine Harduin, Jean-Louis Trintignang, Isabelle Huppert, Laura Verlinden, Toby Jones and Mathieu Kassovitz in a scene from Happy End. Picture: Supplied
Darkly funny at times, this is a film with no intention of delivering on its title. You'd expect nothing less of this filmmaker, whose films are a relentless barrage of truth missiles aimed at the heart of western capitalist democracy.
Happy End's setting, Calais, is only gradually revealed through telling details such as groups of African refugees walking the streets. But it's quickly obvious we're meant to see in this wealthy family's moral turpitude a parallel failure of Europe to deal with a crisis eating at its heart.
Alienation, for this filmmaker, is both subject matter and style. Several lengthy scenes simply show text message conversations taking place on a computer screen. In showing a man returning home from hospital after a failed suicide attempt, Haneke films the scene from the point of view of a barking dog on the other side of a closed door. Like that dog, we're denied access to the person whose demons we desperately want to understand.
Even though there nothing so shocking as Haneke's exploration of violence in Funny Games , or so terrifying as his portrayal of Alzheimer's in Amour , or so wonderfully unsettling as his deconstruction of paranoia in Hidden , Happy End is still a worthy entry in the Haneke canon.
OPENS THURSDAY
× Frustrated police appeal for public's help in Vegas case
LAS VEGAS (AP) — After five days of scouring the life of Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock and chasing 1,000 leads, investigators confessed Friday they still don't know what drove him to mass murder, and they announced plans to put up billboards appealing for the public's help.
Investigators have examined Paddock's politics, his finances, any possible radicalization and his social behavior — typical investigative avenues that have helped uncover the motive in past shootings.
“We still do not have a clear motive or reason why,” Undersheriff Kevin McMahill said. “We have looked at literally everything.”
The FBI announced that billboards would go up around the city asking anyone with information to phone 800-CALL-FBI.
“If you know something, say something,” said Aaron Rouse, agent in charge of the Las Vegas FBI office. “We will not stop until we have the truth.”
Paddock, a reclusive 64-year-old high-stakes gambler, rained bullets on the crowd at a country music festival Sunday night from his 32nd-floor hotel suite, killing 58 and wounding hundreds before taking his own life.
McMahill said investigators had reviewed voluminous video from the casino and don't think Paddock had an accomplice in the shooting, but they want to know if anyone knew about his plot beforehand.
It is unusual to have so few clues five days after a mass shooting. McMahill noted that in past mass killings or terrorist attacks, killers left notes, social media postings and information on a computer, or even phoned police.
What officers have found is that Paddock planned his attack meticulously.
He requested an upper-floor room overlooking the festival, stockpiled 23 guns, a dozen of them modified to fire continuously like an automatic weapon, and set up cameras inside and outside his room to watch for approaching officers.
In a possible sign he was contemplating massacres at other sites, he also booked rooms overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and the Life Is Beautiful show near the Vegas Strip in late September, according to authorities reconstructing his movements leading up to the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
His arsenal also included tracer rounds that can improve a shooter's firing accuracy in the dark, a law enforcement official told The Associated Press. It wasn't clear whether Paddock fired any of the illuminated bullets during the high-rise massacre.
Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of the .308-caliber and .223-caliber tracer ammunition from a private buyer he met at a Phoenix gun show, a law enforcement official not authorized to comment on the investigation said on condition of anonymity.
Tracer rounds illuminate their path so a gunman can home in on targets at night. But they can also give away the shooter's position.
Video shot of the pandemonium that erupted when Paddock started strafing the festival showed a muzzle flash from his room at the Mandalay Bay resort, but bullets weren't visible in the night sky.
A federal official said authorities are looking into the possibility Paddock planned additional attacks, including a car bombing. The official wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity.
Paddock had 1,600 rounds of ammunition in his car in a casino parking garage, along with fertilizer that can be used to make explosives and 50 pounds (23 kilograms) of Tannerite, a substance used in explosive rifle targets.
His girlfriend, Marilou Danley, told FBI agents Wednesday that she had not noticed any changes in his mental state or indications he could become violent, the federal official said.
Paddock sent Danley on a trip to her native Philippines before the attack, and she was unaware of his plans and devastated when she learned of the carnage while overseas, she said in a statement.
Community protests against high crime
Thousands of seething Chatsworth residents and members of public from surrounding areas gathered at Chatsworth SAPS on Monday evening in a peaceful protest that went awry, following the brutal killing of nine-year-old Sardia Sookraj in a botched hijacking in Shallcross, earlier that day.
Sardia was fatally shot whilst seated in the hijacked vehicle as the suspects fled from Caucasus Street. She and her dad were accosted by three armed men who drove off with Sardia whilst throwing her father out of the vehicle. A shootout ensued between the suspects and community members as the hijackers drove off towards Himalaya Street. Eyewitnesses say the suspects drove into an oncoming truck before coming to a halt. Police confirmed that the suspect driving the hijacked vehicle passed on due to injuries that he sustained during the crash, whilst the second suspect was injured and taken to hospital under police guard.
The third accomplice remains at large, and a police manhunt is underway for him. Young Sardia was shot in the stomach and was declared deceased upon arrival at hospital.
She was laid to rest following a massive, heart-wrenching funeral service held at the Christian Revival Centre on Tuesday.
Still reeling from the shocking killing, furious community members gathered in their numbers outside the local police station calling for police intervention against the spiralling crime rate on Monday evening. Amidst the peaceful demonstration, they claim police used stun grenades and tear gas to disperse them, leaving some protestors injured.
Speaking to the Chatsworth Tabloid, Ashley Pillay, the man who on his own took a stand shortly after the fatal hijacking, and blocked the entrance to Chatsworth SAPS, said enough is enough. “As a community we hear about the crimes that are occurring, and after a child was killed on Monday morning, we cannot sit back and allow it to happen again. The mentality of the people of Chatsworth needs to change; something needs to be done.
“Change needs to happen now or this will be another death in vain,” Pillay added. Scores of community members took note of Pillay's stance earlier in the day and pledged support to the cause at hand. Police spokesperson, Cpt Nqobile Gwala, said protestors wanted the suspect to be released to them to be dealt with for the heinous crime committed in the killing of Sardia. “There is a suspect that died at the scene, but the nature of injuries are still unknown as the forensic team are still busy. A 39-year-old suspect was apprehended by an off-duty police official,” said Gwala.
“Protestors were demanding that the suspect who was arrested on Monday be released to them. We are appealing to community members to raise their grievances in a polite and peaceful manner,” said Cpt Gwala. She said police are investigating a case of murder and hijacking.
Sardia, a pupil at Everest Primary, was described as a cheerful and family orientated child. Family spokesperson, Devika Sookraj said, “Sardia loved her baby brother. She had played with him and she even prayed for him before going to school. I saw her before going to school, I bought her a pen and she thanked me for it and for helping her with her homework. She was very excited to go to school.”
Spokesman for the Department for Education in KZN, Muzi Mahlambi, said that their psychological unit is providing counselling for pupils and staff at Marklands Secondary School, who witnessed the ordeal. “Our officials are at the school with the principal, together with the psychological unit to do the trauma debriefing. The police are attending to the matter,” he said.
A petition has been started to reinstate the death penalty and members of the public are being urged to sign up and make a difference. Those who want to join can do so by logging on to, https://www.change.org/p/justiceforsadia-bring-back-the-death-penalty and use the hash tag #JusticeForSadia to show their support.
President Donald Trump wants to send astronauts where no man has gone before.
Trump will authorize the acting NASA administrator Robert M. Lightfoot Jr. to “lead an innovative space exploration program to send American astronauts back to the moon, and eventually Mars” during a White House signing ceremony.
“The President listened to the National Space Council's recommendations and he will change our nation's human spaceflight policy to help America become the driving force for the space industry, gain new knowledge from the cosmos, and spur incredible technology,” deputy White House press secretary Hogan Gidley said Monday.
The directive, Gidley said, will push NASA to “refocus … on its core mission of space exploration” and if Trump does send astronauts back to the moon, they would be the first to visit the lunar landscape since the Apollo 17 mission in 1972.
Trump's pick for NASA administrator — Jim Bridenstine, a Republican congressman from Oklahoma — has yet to be confirmed. He has come under withering criticism from Sen. Bill Nelson, a Florida Democrat, who wields considerable power over the space program.
Both Trump and Vice President Mike Pence have made it clear since the 2016 campaign that they would like to send astronauts back to the moon.
During a 2016 campaign event near NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida, Trump pledged to “free NASA from the restriction of serving primarily as a logistical agency for low Earth-orbit activities” and “instead refocus on space exploration.”
“Under a Trump administration, Florida and America will lead the way into the stars,” he said.
Pence, during the first meeting of the National Space Council in October, said the Trump administration “will return American astronauts to the moon, not only to leave behind footprints and flags, but to build the foundation we need to send Americans to Mars and beyond.”
“The moon will be a stepping-stone, a training ground, a venue to strengthen our commercial and international partnerships as we refocus America's space program toward human space exploration,” Pence said.
Other Republicans, namely former former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, have expressed interest in going back to the moon.
During his 2012 presidential bid, Gingrich advocated for forming colonies on the moon.
RACING'S long-awaited return to Royal Randwick on Saturday coincides with the running of Sydney's premier summer race, the Group 2 $250,000 Villiers Stakes (1600m).
In fact, there are three stakes races on the Villiers program including two Listed events, the $125,000 Razor Sharp Handicap (1200m) and the $125,000 Christmas Cup (2400m).
This trio of feature races have stood the test of time and deservedly retain their stakes-race rating.
But there has been an argument in recent years that there are too many stakes races on the Australian turf and this debate could gain further traction after a Racing Australia media release on Monday which commended the Pattern Committee for the growth in black type races in recent years.
Racing Australia chair, Frances Nelson, QC, said the increase in black type races and prizemoney in the past five years has also highlighted the ongoing commitment of the thoroughbred industry to improve the “national quality of racing”.
Nelson revealed that between 2011/12 and 2016/17, the number of Group and Listed races across Australia grew from 575 to 592, while prizemoney for these races increased by $36.5 million to $161.7 million last year.
“While black type races represent just 3% of total races run across the nation in 2016/17, they are the pinnacle events of Australian racing and showcase the quality of our Thoroughbred industry to the world,” she said.
Camera Icon Sense Of Occasion (rails) wins last year's edition of the Villiers Stakes. Picture: News Corp Australia
The number of Group 1 races held nationally has increased again this season with the Surround Stakes being elevated to the top level and taking the total number of majors to 73. This tally will increase again next year as the Warwick Stakes will go to Group 1 level next August.
Meanwhile, there has been a validation of Racing Australia's equine welfare measures introduced last year as they are now being adopted internationally, further improving integrity and traceability in the global thoroughbred industry.
The British Horseracing Authority has determined to adopt Racing Australia's foal ownership and traceability reforms from January 1.
“The BHA's action again highlights the innovation which has always been a feature of
Australian racing,'' Ms Nelson said.
“It is also a tribute to the vision of former Racing Australia chair, John Messara AM.''
The new rules were introduced nationally last August and require foal ownership declarations to be lodged within 30 days of foaling and owners must advise the Australian Stud Book of any subsequent change in the location of the foal and ownership interest.
Then in October, the Australian Rules of Racing were amended to allow Stewards access to studs and farms to test for anabolic steroids in young horses, prohibited substances in racehorses and to monitor the health and welfare of horses in general.
IT'S testbed may have fallen to Earth earlier this year. But China says it has learnt enough to commit to building a massive new space station. And it's invited the world to get aboard.
“CSS belongs not only to China, but also to the world,” UN ambassador Shi Zhongjun told the state-run Xinhua news agency. “All countries, regardless of their size and level of development, can participate in the co-operation on an equal footing.”
It's an open hand of welcome that has been denied to China itself.
The United States enforces a strict technological transfer ban on Beijing.
This extends to it sending astronauts or experiments to the existing International Space Station (ISS).
But, with President Trump signalling an early end to US participation in the ISS project by 2025, China has sensed an opportunity.
It's already committed to a bold new campaign to explore the Moon.
Now it wants to take a giant leap forward in the space race — and win worldwide support in the process. It's proposed a Chinese Space Station (CSS) and invited UN members to participate.
Beijing has tendered documents to the UN stating the initial components of the new space station should become operational as early as 2022. Ultimately, it wants an orbital outpost capable of supporting up to six astronauts for durations of up to 180 days.
The space station's central module, dubbed Harmony of the Heavens, is reportedly already complete. It is due to be mounted on a rocket in 2020.
EXPLORE MORE: The search for alien life just got a big new boost
The European Space Agency (ESA) has already accepted a deal which will allow its astronauts to use China's space station once it is in orbit. International corporations such as Robert Bigelow's inflatable module producing project are in the process of being courted.
Meanwhile, NASA faces serious cutbacks threatening its $4-billion-per-year commitment to keeping the ISS operational.
Even if funding continues, the ISS is beginning to age. Its first module was launched in 1988. Construction was completed in 2010. It's been permanently occupied for almost 18 years.
While NASA and other ISS partners have begun to discuss its replacement, the Trump Presidency wants to end public funding and instead promote a commercial project.
Camera Icon Chinese astronauts aboard the Tiangong-1 space station before it crashed back to Earth earlier this year. Tiangong-2 remains in orbit. Picture: Supplied
CHINA ON WAY TO MOON
China's ambition to soft-land a spacecraft on the far side of the moon later this year faces considerable challenges, but if successful would propel the country's space program to the forefront of one of the most important areas of lunar exploration, experts say.
China hopes to be the first country to complete such a landing. It has just launched a relay satellite to facilitate communication between controllers on Earth and the upcoming Chang'e 4 mission.
The moon's far side is also known as the dark side because it faces away from Earth and remains comparatively unknown.
Creating the ability to explore the far side of the Moon is an impressive achievement, John M. Logsdon of George Washington University's Space Policy Institute told AP in an email.
“Spacefaring countries around the globe are focusing a great deal of attention on lunar exploration, and this far side capability, if it comes into being, will put China in a leading position with respect to that objective,” Logsdon said.
However, getting the relay satellite into the proper position will be tricky and marks only a first step in pulling off the landing, he said.
“Doing things in space, especially at a far distance from Earth, remains hard, so success is far from assured,” Logsdon said.
Camera Icon China has invited UN nations to participate in its new space station, due to go into orbit in 2020. Picture: Supplied
A far side soft-landing would be a “world historical first,” said Bernard Foing, head of the European Space Agency's International Lunar Exploration Working Group, which has collaborated with the Chinese program.
That would offer a “deep science opportunity to study the far side,” which has a different composition from sites on the near side, where previous missions have landed, Foing said.
However, he too warned of the difficulties ahead, saying it would be a “great challenge using the relay orbiter for control and data.”
Such a communications relay link is needed for communication with a spacecraft on the far side because the moon's rocky bulk would otherwise block contact with Earth.
China previously landed its Jade Rabbit rover on the moon and plans to land its Chang'e 5 probe there next year and have it return to Earth with samples — the first time that would have been done since 1976.
China has already obtained the “technological basis” to put astronauts on the moon, the chief designer of the manned space program, Zhou Jianping, told a conference last month.
“We have had in-depth discussions with many experts about manned lunar exploration, and conducted research on key technologies in recent years,” Zhou said.
Speech to Text for Hughes retires
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
bryan hughes is stepping down as the head coach at barr-reeve.. after 33 years of coaching.. 25 of which were spent at barr- reeve.. hughes is retiring. hughes is one of the most successful coaches in indiana basketball history.. he holds a career record of 590-205.. that's a 74 percent win rate.. which is 4th highest among active coaches.. with his retirement.. hughes finishes 17th on the state's all-time wins list.. hughes has guided barr- reeve to five state title games during his tenure.. most recently.. he led the vikings to a semi-state appearance and a 24-5 record.. hughes has been a basketball staple in the valley for more than
Trump on Charlottesville: We Have to Respect and Ideally Love Each Other
David Webb: White Nationalists and Radical Leftists Both Attacking Trump
A Newsweek piece published last week attacked First Lady Melania Trump and first daughter Ivanka Trump for wearing high heels.
In the piece, which was titled "Melania, Ivanka, and Ivana Trump Wear High Heels, a Symbol of Everything That Is Beautiful and Horrifying About Them," author Nina Burleigh wrote that high heels are out of fashion, but the Trump women still wear them.
She said that's because the are primarily concerned with appearing attractive to men, not wearing comfortable footwear.
“Historically, the Trumpian women's shoe of choice was invented not for women but for aristocratic men, men who would never have to work, and who didn't have to walk much but were carried in litters or carriages,” Burleigh wrote. “Paintings of Louis XIV, the Sun King, show him sporting red-soled heels, posing with one foot forward and pointed out— much like Ivana and Ivanka Trump in countless photographs over the years.”
Dershowitz: Trump Has 'More Credibility' Than Obama With North Korea
Diamond and Silk: We Don't Like White Nationalists or Antifa
Likewise, a recent piece in Forbes said that Melania Trump is fashionable, but she's unlikely to become a fashion icon like Michelle Obama.
"Becoming an icon is about more than just a pretty face and an international platform," author Rachelle Bergstein wrote, arguing that the current first lady sticks to a "classic style" while the former first lady "captured the zeitgeist in fashion."
"Trump is gorgeous like an actress at the Oscars, with a dash of Real Housewife thrown in. She's polished, but she's not inspiring," Bergstein wrote.
On "Fox & Friends," Steve Kurtz said the Trump women are "fair game" because of their association to President Trump.
"I think the general rule with first ladies is that they're off limits," Kurtz said. "They're not elected, they're not setting public policy. You just leave them alone."
He said that has apparently changed and the rules are being rewritten for the Trump presidency.
"If Michelle Obama and Melania switched clothes ... I think they would still like Michelle's clothes and call her a fashion icon," Kurtz said. "And they wouldn't really go for what Melania's wearing these days or anything. It doesn't really matter what."
Watch more above.
Herman Cain: John McCain Is the 'Biggest Bozo' in the Senate
Huckabee: White Nationalist Riots Are 'Evil, Sinful, Disgusting Behavior'
Scott Baio: If Rosie O'Donnell Likes Kim Jong-un She Should Move to North Korea
BEIJING, March 29 Moody's Investors Service warned on Wednesday that the financial risks facing China from a potential property downturn have grown as record lending has made banks more risk-prone while the government is less able to combat those risks.
China extended a record 12.65 trillion Chinese yuan ($1.84 trillion) of loans in 2016 to support economic growth, half of which was household loans - mostly mortgages - sending new home prices to five-year highs in the year.
Policymakers now face the prospect of a nasty property market crash damaging the economy.
More large cities on China's wealthy east coast - Fuzhou, Xiamen, and Hangzhou - stepped up property curbs again this week, following Beijing's drastic moves that analysts say could freeze the market.
Fuzhou, Xiamen and Hangzhou home prices rose 23.7 percent, 36.5 percent and 25.4 percent year-on-year in February, according to statistics bureau data.
Recent weeks have seen the biggest wave of tightening of home purchase and lending rules since October, as China's red-hot property market picked up pace in February after price gains had slowed in the previous months.
"Previously, the banking sector's exposure to the property market was relatively modest," says Lillian Li, a Moody's Vice President and Senior Analyst.
"But the rising share of mortgages in new bank credit, the risk from property pledged as collateral on other loans, and the increasing role of shadow banks as providers of finance to the property sector have all raised the financial system's vulnerability to a property-related shock," she said.
While risks are rising, the scope of the Chinese authorities for mitigating such risks through fiscal and monetary policy has become more limited, as such moves may exacerbate other economic challenges such as capital outflows which have become increasingly pressing, Moody's said.
It noted the central government's fiscal balance had "deteriorated" and government leverage at 36.7 percent was no longer low.
The rating agency expects China to increase its deficit to 3.3-3.5 percent of GDP over the next few years.
($1 = 6.8930 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Yawen Chen and Elias Glenn; Editing by Eric Meijer)
Songs of the City started in 2014, the concept of Michael James, an actor turned entrepreneur who became a volunteer with the United Way in Toronto. His vision was to marry deeply personal life narratives with musical interpretations, as part of an evening of celebration to thank and help donors understand the impact of their philanthropy.
United Way agencies in eastern Canada have embraced the program, and for the first time, the United Way of St. Catharines.
In the spirit of appreciation, the events are always free and open to the public, however the Friday program is sold out.
Musicians Jackie Richardson and Shakura Saida will also tell stories through song. And woven around these narratives are other musical performances that will include the Laura Secord Secondary School Concert Choir, led by teacher Dave Sisler.
The stage will be like an emotional sponge, saturated with stories of courage and defeat, tragedy and triumph, joy and loss.
"Something is created that is so beautiful, so intimate," says James. "Because they're willing to share with each other."
In each case, a singer/songwriter is paired with a speaker through a process that matches characteristics such as personality and their style of expression. A singer carries a weight of responsibility to create lyrics and music that exemplifies an often painful part of a speaker's life.
One vocalist told James: "I will never get these people out of my head."
When Lica and Bell met, there was an instant human connection. Lica scribbled notes as she listened to Bell tell her story. Bell was refreshingly candid and open, she says.
When Bell was 17 years old, she was sexually assaulted at a party. When her boyfriend heard about it, he ridiculed her. Blamed her. Then he called her a "f---ing rag doll."
His words, disparaging, degrading and deeply hurtful, became her internal voice. Slut. Whore. Worthless. "I was nothing," she said.
She started stripping for fast cash, and using crystal meth to forget about her broken, out-of-control life. "She (the drugs) made me feel like everything was perfect," says Bell.
Over the years, those words lost their power. Bell went into rehab, and regained control of her life with help from Hope House, an emergency homeless shelter since closed in Welland, and the YWCA Niagara Region which gave her housing and support.
She earned her high school diploma, and enrolled at Niagara College. These days, she has made amends with her family, are in a healthy, long-term relationship and works as a hair stylist in St. Catharines.
Her strength is the essence of Lica's song, Rag Doll. A belittling insult, transformed into a source of empowerment.
"I wanted to reclaim the words that had hurt her," says Lica. "I wanted something more triumphant at the end.
"I'm using a word that had hurt her so much and I was afraid of putting her back in a bad place.
"But as humans, we persevere."
Indeed, the last line of the chorus, a line often repeated: I'm stronger than you'll ever know.
Bell cried when she read the lyrics
"I'm not a piece of fabric," says Bell. "I'm not something to be thrown away. I'm a person who deserves love."
She will hear her song in its entirety for the first time during a private rehearsal this week.
And on Friday night, it will be public.
She has shared parts of her story before with smaller audiences because she sees it as an opportunity to work on herself spiritually.
"The more you talk about something the less power it holds over you."
Cheryl.Clock@niagaradailies.com
905-225-1626 | @Standard_Cheryl
Cheryl.Clock@niagaradailies.com
905-225-1626 | @Standard_Cheryl
The two Hashtag members, who star in 'Haunted Forest' share how the group is coping with the death of Franco
Published 7:55 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Jameson Blake and Jon Lucas have both “moved on” from the death of fellow Hashtags member Franco Hernandez. The former reached out to Franco's fans and encouraged them to accept his unexpected passing. He pointed out that engaging in needless discussion about his death wouldn't help bring Franco back to life.
Franco died on November 11 in a drowning accident in North Lamidan, Davao Occidental.
During the press conference for Haunted Forest on December 6, Jameson shared that it took him almost two weeks to move on from Franco's death. Although difficult, he explained that the group needed to maintain a positive outlook after the tragedy.
“I think as a group we became stronger… I felt that it brought us closer kasi we all feel the same, we all have the same state of mind when that happened. We just felt closer with each other,” he shared.
According to Jon, there are still times when they get hit with pangs of loneliness, knowing that the group will never be the same without Franco.
"May time na pagkanagre-rehearse kami, nami-miss namin kung saan s'ya palaging gumagalaw, nagpa-practice, nakikita namin kung saan s'ya nag-aayos. So, minsan mami-miss mo lang talaga,” he said.
(There are times when we rehearse, we would miss how he moves, the ways he fixed himself during practices. So there are times you would really miss that person.)
“Pero yun nga kailangan natin mag-move on kanya kanya naman kaming indibidwal, kanya kanya kaming pangarap,so kailangan namin mag-move on para ‘di na kami ma-stuck sa kalungkutan na ito. Stay positive na lang para matupad ‘yung mga pangarap para sa mga sarili namin. Kahit ano naman po ‘yung marating namin habambuhay na s'ya sa puso namin. S'yempre, minahal namin ‘yung kagrupo namin, kapatid na po talaga ‘yung turing namin sa kanya.”
(But we all need to move. We're our own individuals, our own dreams, we all need to move on so we won't get stuck in the lonliness. Let's just stay positve so that we can fulfill all of our dreams. Whatever we reach for ourselves, we know he's in our hearts. Of course we loved him, he was our brother, and that's how we will treat him forever.)
Jameson also pleaded with fans to stop engaging in discussions about Franco's death and respect his family's privacy.
“Don't talk about it anymore kasi the person's already gone so just don't talk about it. Kasi we cant bring him back to life. People have their own side of the story, they explained their side, the family, but then wala tayong magagawa kasi (we can't do anything because) he's already gone. I think it's better to just let him rest in peace na lang. Even his parents said Franco doesn't like complications so I think it's better to not build more complications to this issue. Just keep quiet na lang.”
He recalled that when he spoke to Franco's parents at his funeral, both of them seemed to have accepted their son's fate.
“I didn't get to talk to his girlfriend kasi she [was] really down that time when I went to his funeral pero yung parents niya kasi (but his parents), I knew his mom and his dad. They were really positive about everything. I can see that they accepted it even if it's really hard for them. I can only imagine losing their son but then I can see they're really positive about it they don't wanna build any more complications.”
Jameson and Jon are currently promoting Haunted Forest, an entry to the Metro Manila Film Festival. They star alongside Jane Oineza and Maris Racal under the direction of Ian Loreños. – Rappler.com
JONNY BAIRSTOW is confident England can finally put all the off-pitch distractions behind them in order to hit back against Australia and go on to retain The Ashes.
The current tour Down Under seems to have created as much media interest for what has gone on off the pitch as on it, as Yorkshire's Bairstow knows only too well to his cost.
As if the furore over his ‘headbutt' on Cameron Bancroft in Perth before the Test series had not been enough, the weekend's revelations concerning Lions tour party member Ben Duckett pouring a drink over James Anderson's head gave the collective press, TV and internet media plenty more material to chew over ahead of this week's third and, possibly, deciding Test in Perth.
Duckett, 23, has since been suspended for the remainder of the England Lions tour of Australia and received a final written warning over his conduct.
But, coming on top of Bairstow's bizarre ‘coming together' with Bancroft in a Perth bar and the much-publicised pre-tour incident in Bristol concerning all-rounder and vice-captain Ben Stokes – currently keeping his eye in playing some 40-over cricket over in New Zealand – it has led to an unprecedented level of scrutiny on what England's players do once off the field of play.
Bairstow admits it has been difficult to avoid all the negative publicity over the past few weeks – of which he has formed a central part – but believes only by getting their game right out in the middle can England start to create headlines and take up air time for the right reasons.
“There's been a lot of stuff spoken about since we've been over here,” said Bairstow, speaking ahead of the third Test at the WACA, which starts on Thursday. “We knew it was going to be tough coming to Australia, the cricket is always going to be tough.
“But that's what we can control and we need to control more of that. I'm sure you can imagine what the toughest part of the tour has been. Naturally, it's been everywhere and all that anyone has been talking about – whether it's right or wrong, true or false. It is what people have been talking about.
“But we need to just put all that to the back of our minds when we get on the pitch – go out there and try and do something special.”
At 2-0 down and with three Tests to play heading to a venue that has brought only one win in 13 matches for England – even then against an Australian side severely depleted after the exodus to Kerry Packer's controversial World Series – it does not augur particularly well for Joe Root's side.
But Bairstow is having none of it and is almost boastful in his belief that England can hit back from defeats in Brisbane and Adelaide to square the series.
“As a group, there's no way we see this series as being over,” said Bairstow. “We've lost two games, but we've been in both of them for decent periods of time. We just need to do what we've been doing for longer and do it in the key periods of the games where we've come unstuck.
“So, yes, it is frustrating, but we have a group of players who can win games here and we still have three chances to put things right.”
One reason Bairstow appears so confident that England can turn things around over the next three weeks or so lies in his faith in Yorkshire team-mate and England captain Root.
Still a relative rookie when it comes to international captaincy, the Sheffield-born batsman has impressed since taking over the reins from Alastair Cook earlier this year. Naturally, in the more intense heat of an Ashes battle. his tactics and decision-making were always going to come under a bigger spotlight in Australia.
For example, some have queried Root's decision to field first in Adelaide after winning the toss, with some critics suggesting he had handed a significant advantage to the hosts at a ground where many observers felt the conditions favoured England more.
Ultimately, Root's players were left dispirited by a second heavy defeat, the 120-run loss coming hot on the heels of a 10-wicket pounding in Brisbane. But while there may be critics outside the dressing room, Bairstow revealed that Root has the total backing of his players.
“I think Joe's captaincy has been brilliant – there aren't many things that you can fault with what he's done,” added Bairstow.
“He's still learning as a captain, but if you're captain of England you're going to be learning for a while.”
Yorkshire Tea are sponsors of National Cricket Week, working in partnership with the Chance to Shine programme, which works with 1,500 schools across the UK aiming to encourage youngsters to take up cricket.
Though it long held the title of most-watched TV broadcast in the U.S., this year's Super Bowl comes at a tumultuous time for the NFL.
Scroll for more content...
The league's TV ratings have taken a 10 percent dive from last year. Some of its most prominent players, including Aaron Rodgers and J.J. Watt, suffered injuries on the field. Head traumas and concussions continued to rise. And in perhaps the biggest "unofficial game" of the season, the NFL squared off with President Trump after he criticized players who knelt during the National Anthem to protest social and racial injustice.
Times aren't all rough -- the league recently closed a five year deal with Fox Sports for "Thursday Night Football" -- but the lead up to Sunday's game between the Eagles and the Patriots is raising questions about the NFL's status as an organization.
"I think the narrative that we need to look at is that it's not necessarily falling apart or on fire, but rather that it's no longer immune to the trends that are taking place on all media and all TV," CNNMoney media reporter Frank Pallotta said. "For a long time, the NFL felt like it was above it all. And for a long time it was. That is no longer the case."
Pallotta and CNNMoney sports business reporter Ahiza Garcia sat down with Brian Stelter to discuss the various factors at play in the NFL's rocky season for this week's Reliable Sources podcast.
The Super Bowl LII comes amid a time of dropping viewership metrics for the league. Super Bowl XLIX in 2015 had the largest audience in TV history, with 114.4 million viewers. About 111.3 million people watched 2017's game; this year, more than 110 million are expected to tune in.
Do the declining numbers signal that the NFL has already hit its peak? Pallotta doesn't entirely think so. "You also need to say, 'How many things can bring in 100 million people and connect that many people in this divisive country right now?' It still is the Super Bowl."
"That being said," he added, "I don't want to sound too bullish on the NFL. It does have a lot of issues, including the game itself."
Garcia said player protests were "an example of the turmoil" the NFL has faced over the past few months.
"I think the player protest thing is obviously hugely polarizing," she said. "It's a huge issue that the NFL has really tried to solve in a way that kind of satisfies the players but also keeps fans happy."
And, in addition to injuries and spats with President Trump, one of the most prominent issues of the season dealt with dramatic moments "off the field."
"I think one of the bigger things that I think was most shocking is the way that owners were kind of at each other [this season] and it played out very publicly," Garcia said. "The NFL for so long has done such a good job of kind of insulating any conflicts that it had, and really kind of keeping up a veil between what happens behind the scenes and what the public sees. But this was just so public."
So what's the ultimate status of the league? "It's in a transitional phase right now," Garcia said. "But honestly, I think that despite the tendency that everyone has to try to say, 'This is the thing that's going to end the NFL,' the NFL is doing really well... I mean, it's still the biggest juggernaut in sports and it's the thing to beat still."
Pallotta agreed that the NFL is "perfectly fine" as it wraps up its season.
"I think ultimately we as journalists, and people who are watching media, and TV observers have a predisposition to really kind of look at things as if things are coming to an end," he said. "...But ultimately [the NFL] is not dying. It's still the biggest thing on television by a large margin."
April 5 Nordson Corp :
* On March 30, Nordson, Viking Merger Corp, Vention and VMHI entered into first amendment to agreement and plan of merger - SEC filing
* Pursuant to amendment to agreement parties agreed, among other things, that cash consideration would be increased by $11.5 million
* On March 31, in connection with closing of merger, Nordson established $705.0 million term loan facility under terms of term loan amendment Source text : (bit.ly/2p18xDY) Further company coverage:
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround his suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when he tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. He later said he was trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for his love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while he was in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified him as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but he died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesman Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given his sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if he was killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune he handled, or that he was the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," he says.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei share average fell on Friday on weakness in most sectors, with banking stocks down on worries that domestic bond yields would be kept low after the central bank conducted a special bond purchase operation to curb rising yields.
Kyocera Corp tumbled 6.6 percent and was the biggest negative contributor to the Nikkei after it cut its annual net profit outlook.
The Nikkei dropped 0.9 percent to 23,274.53. For the week, it dropped 1.5 percent.
The broader Topix shed 0.3 percent to 1,864.20, with 26 of its 33 sectors falling.
The Bank of Japan on Friday conducted a special bond purchase operation to stem the rise in Japanese bond yields, offering to buy an unlimited amount of JGBs with more than five to ten years left to maturity.
Bank shares, which rose the previous day after some banks posted upbeat earnings results, lost ground. Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group shed 1.4 percent, Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group fell 1.2 percent and Mizuho Financial Group declined 1.1 percent.
Bucking the weakness, Kobe Steel jumped 5.8 percent after it reinstated its annual profit forecast. (Reporting by Ayai Tomisawa; Editing by Sam Holmes and Eric Meijer)
* Cheaper LPG curbing demand for naphtha
* LPG can be used as alternative petrochemical feedstock
* At least 300,000 T of LPG seen replacing naphtha in May -traders (Adds price chart; comments from LG Chem)
By Seng Li Peng and Jane Chung
SINGAPORE, April 10 Asian petrochemical makers are ramping up purchases of liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) to use as an alternative feedstock to naphtha, looking to snap up cheap cargoes as heating demand for LPG fades in the wake of winter.
LPG, often referred to as butane or propane, is commonly used in heaters or stoves in some countries, but can also be an ingredient in plastics used to churn out everything from drinks bottles to carrier bags.
Faltering demand for naphtha could drag on prices that have been in premiums to benchmark Japanese quotes for most of the year compared to discounts in the same period in 2016, while offering support to LPG markets.
Four traders said that Taiwan's Formosa Petrochemical Corp , Asia's top naphtha importer, last week bought its first spot LPG cargo of the year, with South Korea's LG Chem and Lotte Chemical also taking cargoes.
"Typically LPG prices fall in summer as heating demand weakens, and we increase our LPG purchase when prices are low," said LG Chem's spokesman, but he did not confirm any purchases.
Formosa's spokesman was unavailable for comments while Lotte Chemical has declined to comment.
"The Koreans and Formosa moved immediately when the value was in switch mode, (showing) impressive quickness," said one of the traders, who closely follows naphtha and LPG markets. He asked not to be identified as he was not authorised to speak with media.
Petrochemical companies in Asia are typically set up to shift around 5 percent to 15 percent of their feedstock to LPG when prices drop below 93 percent of the cost of naphtha.
Late last week, Asian spot propane price for cargoes to be delivered in the second half of May were less than 86 percent of naphtha's $493.50 a tonne.
The traders estimate that some 300,000 tonnes of LPG is expected to replace naphtha in May, or around 7 percent of North Asia's naphtha demand. They said that could climb to 400,000 to 450,000 tonnes in subsequent months.
"LPG prices will likely be weak relative to naphtha in the coming months, incentivizing petrochemical demand," said He Yanyu who leads Asia natural gas liquids market research at IHS Markit.
However, increased LPG purchases would likely mitigate the impact on naphtha markets from possible naphtha shipment delays from Qatar following a splitter outage.
And Asia is structurally short of naphtha, with a supply deficit averaging 4 million tonnes a month in 2016, data from IHS consulting firm showed.
(Reporting by Seng Li Peng and Jane Chung in SEOUL; Editing by Joseph Radford and Christian Schmollinger)
Todd's mother Carol stresses the importance of putting the phone down and talking with children
Amanda Todd would have turned 21-years-old on Nov. 27.
Instead her mother Carol Todd marked the milestone year remembering how Amanda wanted to go to Las Vegas to celebrate it.
Amanda committed suicide on Oct. 10, 2012, after years of cyber-bullying. Immediately after her death a video called My Story: Struggling, bullying, suicide and self-harm went viral around the world. The video showed Amanda using flash cards to tell her story silently to a camera. She explained that while using video chat to meet new people she would receive many compliments about her looks. When she was asked to bare her breasts to a stranger, a screen capture taken from the video of that moment started circulating on the internet and was used to blackmail her online.
Even after changing schools numerous times and moving out of the community, the stranger followed her online. He would befriend students, teachers and parents at her new schools through Facebook where he would send them the video.
Amanda began experiencing anxiety, depression and panic attacks. She survived a suicide attempt and began to self mutilate. However, the bullying continued at school leading up until her death when she was only 15-years-old.
“It was a hard one,” said Carol of the passing of Amanda's birthday.
“Every year is hard. The bigger milestones are even harder. And when you see her friends out there moving forward with their lives and going to college, university, you know, getting boyfriends and settling down. It's hard,” Amanda's mother reflected.
Now when Carol drives past the wedding stores that line Columbia Street in New Westminster, instead of feeling excitement for her daughter's future, the memories of Amanda's death come flooding back.
But Carol has continued to remain strong over the years, drawing fortitude from the foundation created in her daughter's name and speaking at engagements that take her all over the world.
“I just completed speaking at all the WE Days across Canada and that was, to me, really inspirational to be in a place where there are so many youths who are leaders that can go back to their schools and communities and do something positive,” said Carol, who has been to almost every WE Day since Amanda's death.
This year, though, Carol noticed a shift where conversations surrounding mental health and the internet have become more open.
“That was really interesting and an eye opener for me,” said Carol noting that she has heard conversations on how to support others, what can happen on the internet and how there should be a focus on kindness and respecting others.
“I had quite a few conversations with the Kielburger's about it,” Carol said.
Carol's audience, though, is mostly professionals, not children or teenagers. Although, she hopes that they are listening. She finds hope in the certain percentage of children who grow up and mature and realize their mistakes.
“I've heard many stories where people have actually looked for those people they have victimized in their younger years and apologize. That's a really good start and it brings tears to both sides of it,” Carol explained.
Amanda's legacy through the foundation continues to thrive. Carol gets messages of support from all over the world. Recently she received a message from some young girls in Europe who were working on a class project on cyber-bullying and wanted to ask her some questions.
“As you see it's not just a community problem, it's a global problem,” she explained.
Carol continues to follow the extradition hearings currently underway in Amsterdam for Amanda's alleged abuser who is a Dutch resident. He is appealing an extradition to Canada and is due back in court mid-January where Carol is expecting him to make a statement about his offences.
Earlier this year Aydin Coban was sentenced to almost 11 years in a Dutch jail for fraud and blackmail.
However, Carol doesn't expect to hear anything that hasn't been included in Coban's 690-page book that he has written while waiting in prison.
“It's in Dutch right now. I managed to get a copy and translate it into English, but it's all about his injustices,” Carol laughed.
“How everyone has done him wrong including the justice system over there,” she said adding that there are four sections to the book with section three dedicated to Amanda's story.
She has been unable to read that section, but plans to some day.
Carol continues to be amazed at how the Amanda Todd Legacy Foundation continues to thrive. She never expected Amanda's story to continue to move people after five years.
“When I am speaking on that WE Day stage or any other platform and I hear silence and everyone listening, it just amazes me still,” said Carol who wants to keep the conversation open, not just about cyber-bullying but also about mental health.
She hopes that more parents will sit down with their children and put away the technology. Have a meal together, play a board game, and talk.
“It's like just sitting your kids down and just having talk time and listening time. We get so busy in our everyday lives, we don't make room for that,” she said adding that that's one thing she would change, if she could, with Amanda, having more sit downtimes with deeper conversations.
Right now she is taking time to reflect on the past year. She took 28 trips in 2017 to talk about what happened to Amanda, a subject that will always be difficult to talk about. But, Carol says, there is a need to do it.
“Putting myself out there is part of my healing but it's also necessary to have people listen to real stories,” said Carol.
“We know in Canada because of media publication bans we don't really talk about death by suicide. If we don't talk about that we don't necessarily get the story about mental health, bullying,” she continued.
Carol remembers Amanda as a vivacious, energetic spunky child with lots of different ideas. But now she sees Amanda was also very vulnerable.
“I see her vulnerability more and more,” said Carol.
“Some of it came from the home situation too and I take full responsibility that I didn't have a handle on how to raise kids,” she said.
“If I could take it all back I would. But what I can do is I can learn from them and share the story and hopefully others will learn from those things.”
“I would give it up all in a heartbeat to have my daughter back.”
Carol Todd with her daughter Amanda. (Contributed)
Amanda Todd. (Contributed)
A small earthquake was reported Saturday in northwest Oklahoma, the U.S. Geological Survey reported.
The 3.1-magnitude earthquake happened shortly before 5 p.m. in Alfalfa County. The earthquake was about two miles north, northwest of Lambert, 38 miles northwest of Enid and 100 miles north, northwest of Oklahoma City.
The quake was more than four miles deep.
No immediate reports of damage or injury were reported.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Scroll for more content...
In response to the release of a Republican memo alleging that the FBI abused its surveillance tools, Democrats on Capitol Hill have prepared their own memo.
California Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, produced the 10-page document as a rebuttal to the GOP memo on alleged Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act abuses that the House panel voted to make public on Monday.
For the Democrat's memo to actually be released, it would have to undergo the same process that the Republican memo has gone through.
First, the House Intelligence Committee would vote to have the memo released to the public -- and if they vote for it, President Donald Trump would have five days to object to its public release.
When the committee voted Monday to release the memo spearheaded by House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes, the committee also rejected a motion from Schiff to release his own memo at the same time.
"Well, we are going to try to force another vote on this," Schiff told CBS on Friday about his memo. "The Republicans voted down the release of the Democratic response, which was quite breathtaking, because they said they were offering their own memo in the interest of full transparency."
House Speaker Paul Ryan's spokeswoman AshLee Strong said the speaker is open to the Democrat's memo to be released.
"The speaker is in favor of greater transparency," Strong said in a statement. "If it is scrubbed to ensure it does not reveal sources and methods of our intelligence gathering, the speaker supports the release of the Democrats' memo."
The Democrats' memo charges that the Nunes memo is an attempt to help the White House with the Russia investigation. It argues that proper procedures were followed in obtaining FISA warrants.
May 3 Strayer Education Inc
* Strayer Education, Inc. reports first quarter enrollment, revenues and earnings; Q2 2017 enrollment outlook
* Q1 earnings per share $0.95
* Q1 revenue $114.9 million versus i/b/e/s view $116.4 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.95 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Total enrollments at strayer university for Q2 2017 are anticipated to grow 6% to approximately 43,400 students
* Anticipate revenue per student for Q2 to decrease between 1% and 2%
* Strayer education inc- new student enrollments expected to increase about 8%, while continuing student enrollments are expected to increase about 5%
* Declared a regular, quarterly cash dividend of $0.25 per share of common stock Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Uber Technologies Inc. recently reached its goal of recruiting 12,000 new drivers in the greater Los Angeles area and now the company is looking to hire 15,000 more.
The San Francisco-based ride-hailing service says its Work on Demand Initiative has enhanced economic opportunities for thousands of people throughout Southern California while also providing access to reliable transportation where it's needed the most.
Those who are interested in becoming an Uber driver can get additional information at www.uber.com.
Uber drivers, referred to by the company as “driver-partners,” work as independent contractors. A portion of the company's initial hiring campaign targeted inner city portions of Southern California's Latino communities, ranging from South and East Los Angeles to Crenshaw and Pacoima.
Amanda Ashley has been an Uber driver for about two years and it's had a big impact on her life.
“Before I worked for Uber I didn't have a car and I was tired of doing random jobs,” the 34-year-old Koreatown resident said. “I used to do background work as an extra in films and TV, but that can be very long hours working at minimum wage and I had to bring three or four outfits along with me. This job stabilized me.”
Working for Uber, Ashley was able to buy a Honda Fit. And best of all, she says, her work schedule is flexible.
“The great thing is you are never late and you don't have supervisors,” she said. “And if I get a ride that takes me over to the beach I'll have lunch there. I can be at Santa Monica at 2 p.m. and West L.A. at 4 p.m. I probably do about 40 rides a week. They also offer different incentives on the weekends so you can earn a bonus. That can be an extra $35 to $75 a week.”
Uber has also worked out well for Francisco Quijivix. He was hired on as a driver last year while also working for ride-hailing competitor Lyft.
“A lot of people do this,” the 53-year-old Lawndale resident said when the company's Work on Demand Initiative was launched in May of last year. “It's great because it's so flexible. You work but if you have to do errands or want to spend time with your family you can do that.”
Income depends on a variety of factors
The amount of money a driver earns depends on when and where they drive and on how many hours are logged each week. Most drivers work part-time for supplemental income, although others approach it as a full-time job.
Advertisement
“Many people drive 10 hours or less a week to supplement their income or to save up for a vacation or special event,” company spokeswoman Eva Behrend said. “Some might be chefs or artists and while they are pursuing their dream they can earn more money in their own community.”
L.A. drivers earn less than other cities
Statistics on the company's website reveal that drivers in the Los Angeles area make average of $616 a week in net earnings. That's lower than the $732 in net earnings drivers in San Francisco and Boston average in a given week and slightly below the $648 drivers in Chicago average each week.
Established in 2009 by founders Travis Kalanick and Garrett Camp, Uber currently employs about 147,000 drivers in California alone. The ride-hailing service, along with competitor Lyft, has been a disruptive factor to the nation's transportation industry.
Many consumers have turned to Uber because its mobile app makes it quick and easy to schedule a ride — often at a lower price than a traditional taxi ride. Several taxi companies have folded as a result, with many drivers jumping over to Uber.
Company's momentum comes with challenges
Figures released to Bloomberg show the ride-hailing service booked $20 billion in rides during 2016. That was more than double the amount from the previous year and its net revenue after drivers were paid $6.5 billion for the year. But Uber says it still lost $2.8 billion in 2016, excluding the sale of its China business to rival Didi Chuxing.
The company has also come under fire for alleged sexual harassment. In February, former Uber engineer Susan Fowler Rigetti claimed she was sexually harassed by a manager who was then allegedly protected from fallout by the company's human resources team. Uber hired former Attorney General Eric Holder to investigate the claims.
0 Doctors warn breast cancer treatment increases risk of heart disease
MEMPHIS, Tenn. - Patients who undergo breast cancer treatment are at a greater risk of heart disease, according to a recent warning from the American Heart Association.
The warning was published Thursday, ahead of Friday's “National Wear Red Day,” which encourages people to wear red to raise awareness about women's risk of heart disease.
Trending stories:
Dr. Dharmesh Patel is a cardiologist at the Stern Cardiovascular Foundation in Southaven Miss., and board president of the Mid-South American Heart Association.
“It's very important we treat breast cancer,” Patel said. “But we have to understand that sometimes the treatments for breast cancer can actually affect the heart.”
A heart's job is to pump blood throughout someone's body. Patel explained how cancer treatments like chemotherapy and radiation can weaken the heart muscle.
“Chemo therapy is more likely to affect the strength of the heart, or the pumping ability,” Patel said. “Radiation is more likely to affect the blockading of the heart further down the road.”
Data show more women are beating breast cancer, but the treatment to survive cancer presents health problems later.
According to the report from the American Heart Association, “Improvements in early detection and treatment of breast cancer have led to an increasing number of breast cancer survivors who are at risk of long-term cardiac complications from cancer treatments.”
Patel said healthy hearts can often recover from the impact of cancer treatments, and not all damage caused by cancer treatment is permanent.
He added that someone with a family history of heart disease should be more cautious when considering treatment options.
“That's where the doctor-patient dialogue comes in,” Patel said. “If you do get chemotherapy, then I think it's reasonable to check the heart function during and after the chemotherapy.”
The heart is a muscle, and Patel said it's important to keep it strong by eating well, exercising, and knowing important numbers, including blood pressure, cholesterol, and weight.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Parents in favor of vaccination choice for their children converged Wednesday on the state Capitol.
Parents in favor of vaccination choice for their children converged Wednesday on the state Capitol.
They spoke out against legislation that would make vaccines necessary before a child can go to school unless they have a medical exemption.
The producer of the documentary “Vaxxed” spoke to the rally held inside the Capitol and organized by the Oklahomans for Vaccine Health Choice PAC.
The film alleges proof linking vaccines and autism was covered and destroyed by the CDC.
“It's very hard to accept. It was hard for me to accept that we've been lied to about something that so continuously is said to be safe,” said Vaxxed producer Del Bigtree, who also came to Oklahoma to visit with lawmakers.
“The benefits far, far outweigh the risks,” said state Senator Ervin Yen, who wrote the vaccination mandate legislation.
This is the medical doctor's third try with his legislation. Dr. Yen claims more lawmakers and medical experts are coming to his side.
He also chairs the health and human services committee which debates the legislation first.
“The opposition to my bill are even more hyped up,” Yen said.
Proof of that may have come this weekend when flyers against Yen's legislation were put on cars at several churches in Yen's district on Sunday.
On Wednesday, the state senator received a postcard depicting him as a communist leader at his Capitol office.
The drawing shows a syringe and sickle and reads “support mandatory vaccines because you're too stupid to decide for yourself.”
That postcard had no return address.
Yen said he has not received any legitimate threats.
Oklahomans for Vaccine and Health Choice-PAC wants to clarify that it is not responsible for the postcard Yen received. In a statement, the organization said:
"We did not create, nor do we endorse that image. We include our logo in every publication our PAC creates. We believe in respecting our public servants, but we will also hold them accountable for their adherence, or lack thereof, to their party's platform," wrote Liza Greve, President of Oklahomans for Vaccine and Health-PAC.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Recasts throughout after Fed statement, updates prices; adds comment, second byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON, June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting, and
THE CANADIAN PRESS
FREDERICTON - Animal welfare advocates are welcoming proposed changes to legislation in New Brunswick that include increased fines and a new offence related to animal abandonment.
Andrea Boyd of People for Stronger Animal Protection says her group has been pushing for the changes for years.
Local Government Minister Serge Rousselle says too often people leave an animal behind when the lease on an apartment expires -- and that will now be an offence with a fine ranging from $240 to $5,200.
The fine for failing to humanely euthanize an animal will now range between $240 and $10,200, while anyone convicted of holding an animal fighting contest could face a fine of up to $200,000 and be imprisoned up to eight months.
A new section will be added to the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act requiring veterinarians to report when they encounter an animal not being properly cared for.
Boyd says she is still pushing the government for more changes, including protection of animals from extreme weather.
BOSTON (Reuters) - A group representing large investors voiced concern that the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is undoing protections for shareholders to bring proxy resolutions opposed by management.
Ken Bertsch, executive director of the Council of Institutional Investors, said his group disagreed with recent SEC decisions allowing companies including electric utility AES Corp to craft their own rules on the right to call special investor meetings, in place of versions proposed by shareholders.
“AES is playing games with this,” Bertsch said in a telephone interview late on Thursday, adding that existing guidance from the top U.S. securities regulator should have been enough to protect the resolutions.
The council, whose members include big pension funds and asset managers like BlackRock Inc and Vanguard Group, raised its concerns to the SEC directly in a Jan. 31 letter seen by Reuters.
Under Chairman Jay Clayton the SEC has taken steps seen as favoring businesses, such as allowing companies to confidentially file paperwork for initial public offerings. Clayton said at a November conference he hoped to reconcile concerns about the cost of shareholder resolutions with the corporate governance improvements they can bring about.
Spokespeople for AES and the SEC declined to comment, and the SEC did not make Clayton available for an interview.
Shareholder resolutions have taken on a new importance as fund firms seek money from investors concerned about climate change and corporate governance. [nL1N1IX15V]
The SEC has already taken steps that could raise the bar for filers, such as allowing more resolutions to be skipped as “ordinary business.” [nL1N1OX1EX]
The AES resolution and a similar one at CF Industries Holdings Inc were filed by independent investor John Chevedden. Both called for shareholders with at least 10 percent of shares to be able to call special meetings, which can put pressure on management.
The companies requested SEC permission to leave the proposals off their proxies. Each company said it planned instead to offer shareholders a resolution to set the special meeting threshold at 25 percent of shares, a higher standard that could protect executives and directors.
The SEC sided with AES in December, and with CF on Jan. 30, saying Chevedden's measures conflicted with the management proposals. A CF spokesman did not respond to messages.
In an interview, Chevedden said shareholders could logically vote for both standards to see which had more support. Now, he said, shareholders would “only get to hear management's side.”
Posted by admin on February 3, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
The legal battle between Taylor Swift and former Denver country radio DJ David Mueller is over.
Related: Taylor Swift Takes Stand in Trial Vs Former Denver DJ
A jury ruled in Swift's favor awarding her the symbolic $1 she was countersuing for, according to CNN.
In a statement Swift wrote:
I want to thank Judge William J. Martinez and the jury for their careful consideration, my attorneys Doug Baldridge, Danielle Foley, Jay Schaudies and Katie Wright for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault, and especially anyone who offered their support throughout this four-year ordeal and two-year long trial process.
I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life, in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this. My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard. Therefore, I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves.
The jury also found the singer's mother, Andrea Swift, and manager Frank Bell not liable for tortious interference.
DETROIT — The mother of a G League basketball player who died in March after collapsing on the court during a game has filed a lawsuit accusing the NBA and the Detroit Pistons of negligence.
Zeke Upshaw played for the Grand Rapids Drive, a G League affiliate of the Pistons. He collapsed during a game at Grand Rapids on March 24 and died two days later .
The lawsuit was filed Wednesday in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The NBA and Pistons are named as defendants, along with SSJ Group and The DeltaPlex Arena.
The lawsuit alleges that medical personnel at the game failed to attempt lifesaving measures in a timely fashion.
The heart wants what it wants: new Selena Gomez music!
During a recent interview with BBC's The Radio 1 Breakfast Show With Nick Grimshaw, Gomez revealed, “There is no might, there is an album.”
“And I think it's fair to say that people know the year I've had, and I've poured my heart into my music and I wanted it to be fresh,” continued the 25-year-old. “It wasn't really about charts for me or numbers. It was more just about what I could creatively do for my music. So, yes, I can successfully say that my inspiration for this next album is in full motion and it will be very soon.”
Gomez revealed earlier this year that, due to lupus complications, she'd received a kidney transplant from her best friend Francia Raisa over the summer. The singer returned to the stage for the first time just last month, performing during the American Music Awards. The staging of her single “Wolves” marked Gomez's first live performance in over a year as she had stepped away from the spotlight to deal with her health crisis.
On her new music, Gomez also told Radio 1, “It's exciting to be in a place where I love surprising people and creating new areas of music I can explore. And I'll get to be present, you know? I was taking some time off for my health and it was good, but now I get to be here.”
The star posted a photo of herself in what appeared to be a studio on Instagram, Sunday, writing, “Currently. Until the next year. Here's where I'll be.”
Selena Gomez/Instagram
RELATED VIDEO: Francia Raisa Reveals Scar While Working Out After Donating Kidney to BFF Selena Gomez
Gomez put out several new tracks throughout 2017, including “Fetish” and “Bad Liar,” and lent her voice to two collaborations: “Wolves” with EDM DJ Marshmello and chart-topper “It Ain't Me” with Norwegian DJ Kygo. However, her last album came in 2015's Revival.
She's also previously teased that she's ready to make her career top priority — and already has plenty of new sounds ready to go.
“I'm ready. I want to get back in and re-focus on all of my music,” she told Apple Music's Zane Lowe in October. “To be honest, I feel like I have two albums already completed, but I'm wanting to figure it out. So it's a lot sooner than I think people anticipate. I want to call the shots, I want it to be good, I want to be ready, I don't want to do anything that's forced. It will be soon.”
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DevOps Engineer
DevOps. Newest tech, free lunch, fully covered medical aid, flexi-time and work from home. Relaxed dress code and life, disability and funeral insurance. All you need is strong OO Programming skills and at least 2 years' experience using a broad range of AWS and Azure technologies. Qualification:Matric Skills & Experience: Minimum of 2 years' experience in developing, deploying and maintaining large SaaS solutions on the Amazon AWS and Microsoft Azure cloud platformsSolid experience of DevOpsExperience in a 24×7 environmentScripting skills, deployment, automating and maintenanceLinux and Windows operating systems Job Description:The job entails working with a broad range of AWS and Azure technologies, operating systems (Windows and Linux) and application environments (IIS, Tomcat, SQL Server, Docker and Kubernetes). You will also be responsible for the implementation of best practice Cloud Security principles. Excellent English verbal and written communication skills are a must. Let us assist you with your career. Connect with us on www.communicate.co.za and Register your CV to create a profile, view IT jobs and apply. If you have not had any response in two weeks, please consider your application unsuccessful. Your profile will be kept on our database and we will connect with you with any other suitable roles or positions.We also invite you to contact us to discuss other exciting career opportunities in our niche area!For more information please call, ARETHE PRINSLOO on (contact number), quoting the Ref: CIT027271.
Learn more/Apply for this position
(Reuters Health) - Obesity is a strong predictor of high blood pressure early in life, but a U.S study suggests the connection may be stronger for Hispanic and white teens than for adolescents in other racial and ethnic groups.
Researchers examined weight, blood pressure and racial and ethnic data from more than 21,000 youth attending 27 secondary schools in the Houston area. About one-third were overweight or obese, and 2.7 percent had hypertension, or high blood pressure.
Overall, 6.6 percent of obese teens had high blood pressure, as did 2.6 percent of overweight youth and 1.6 percent of normal weight adolescents, the study found. Obesity was much more likely to increase the risk of high blood pressure in Hispanic and white participants.
"While increasing body mass index, a measure of obesity, was associated with increased risk for high blood pressure in all four ethnic groups, the prevalence of high blood pressure was almost six times higher among obese Hispanic adolescents compared to normal weight Hispanics," said senior study author Dr. Joshua Samuels of the McGovern Medical School at the University of Texas Health Science Center in Houston.
"White adolescents also saw dramatic increases in blood pressure with obesity - four times higher - but there were fewer obese white children affected," Samuels said by email.
Participants in the study were 14 years old on average and ranged in age from 10 to 19. Data were collected from 2000 to 2015.
About 23 percent of Hispanic youth were obese, as were 21 percent of black students, 13 percent of white adolescents and 10 percent of Asian participants.
Black students had the highest prevalence of high blood pressure among normal-weight and overweight study participants. But among obese participants, black youth had the lowest rates of hypertension.
At the same time, researchers found a disproportionate increase in the prevalence of high blood pressure for obese Hispanic and white teens.
Compared to normal weight Hispanic youth, their obese peers were 5.8 times more likely to have hypertension and their overweight counterparts were 2.2 times more likely, the study found.
Obese white teens were 4.1 times more likely to have high blood pressure than their normal weight peers, while obese black youth had 2.3 times the risk encountered by their normal weight counterparts.
The study isn't a controlled experiment designed to prove that obesity causes hypertension, and it excluded youth who were taking medication to control their blood pressure. Another limitation of the study is that researchers lacked data on the timing of puberty for study participants, making it impossible to determine how this process might influence weight or blood pressure.
Even so, the results should serve as a reminder to screen obese teens for high blood pressure, regardless of ethnicity, said Dr. Mark DeBoer, a researcher at the University of Virginia School of Medicine in Charlottesville who wasn't involved in the study.
"While hypertension is most common among African American adults and has been seen less often among Hispanic adults, this study serves as notice that obese white and Hispanic children are at least as much at risk for hypertension as African-American children," DeBoer said by email.
"Thinking about hypertension and performing regular screening should lead to earlier identification and treatment - and prevention of downstream consequences," DeBoer added.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2oYY4JQ Pediatrics, online April 10, 2017.
MINNEAPOLIS — Together again? Not so much.
Janet Jackson has shut down any rumours that she will be joining Justin Timberlake during this year's Super Bowl halftime show.
"To put to rest any speculation or rumours as to whether I will be performing at the Super Bowl tomorrow; I will not," Jackson said in a statement released Saturday. "Thank you for your support and I do look forward to seeing you all very soon."
Timberlake is returning to the halftime show 14 years after a wardrobe malfunction with Jackson caused a national controversy. Timberlake was Jackson's special guest during her performance at that year's game and ripped off a piece of her clothing, revealing her nipple. Timberlake later described it as an unintended "wardrobe malfunction."
CBS, which aired that Super Bowl, was fined $550,000 by the Federal Communications Commission, but the fine later was overturned.
The hashtags #JusticeforJanet and #JanetJacksonAppreciationDay became trending topics on Twitter days before Timberlake's record third trip to the stage at the Super Bowl, at which the Philadelphia Eagles will face the New England Patriots at the U.S. Bank Stadium on Sunday.
At a press conference on Thursday, Timberlake mentioned Jackson's name, along with Jay-Z and 'NSync, when talking about rumoured guests to join him onstage. He was not asked any direct questions about Jackson or the infamous wardrobe malfunction.
When the NFL announced late last year that Timberlake would be returning to the Super Bowl, the decision triggered a backlash from women, minorities and others who felt Jackson was unfairly forced to pay a far higher price than Timberlake faced. Some argued that Jackson, as a black woman, fell victim to a racist and sexist double standard and received harsher treatment than Timberlake, as a white man, did, and they said he benefited from "white male privilege."
When asked during an interview last month if he and Jackson have since made peace, Timberlake said, "Absolutely."
He said he and Jackson have talked privately about what happened.
KNOX COUNTY, Ind. (WTHI) - A Sandborn man is in jail following a 4 and-a-half hour standoff with Knox County Sheriff's Deputies that ended around 7:30 Monday morning.
Scroll for more content...
According to Knox County Sheriff Mike Morris, Larry Plummer is facing charges of burglary, residential entry and resisting law enforcement.
The standoff started after deputies responded to a report of a residential break-in in Sandborn.
Morris said that the break-in was part of an alleged domestic situation.
Deputies were able to track Plummer to a residence on Hill Street in Sandborn.
Police say when Plummer refused to come out of the residence, a sheriff's negotiator was called in.
At one point, Morris says Plummer visibly raised a weapon at deputies but never discharged it.
He eventually was taken into surrendering around 7:30 a.m.
Deputies confiscated a rifle, shotgun, and flare gun from inside the home.
After being evaluated at Good Samaritan Hospital, Morris says Plummer was taken to the Knox County Jail.
Posted by admin on February 3, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Long March-7 rocket and Tianzhou-1 cargo spacecraft are seen as they are transferred to a launching spot in Wenchang, Hainan province, China, April 17, 2017. China Daily/via REUTERS
Long March-7 rocket and Tianzhou-1 cargo spacecraft are seen as they are transferred to a launching spot in Wenchang, Hainan province, China, April 17, 2017. China Daily/via REUTERS
Long March-7 rocket and Tianzhou-1 cargo spacecraft are seen as they are transferred to a launching spot in Wenchang, Hainan province, China, April 17, 2017. China Daily/via REUTERS
BEIJING China launched its first cargo spacecraft on Thursday, taking another step towards its goal of establishing a permanently manned space station by 2022.
President Xi Jinping has prioritized advancing China's space program to strengthen national security.
The Tianzhou-1 cargo resupply spacecraft lifted off early evening on a Long March-7 Y2 rocket from the Wenchang Satellite Launch Centre in the southern island province of Hainan.
State television broadcast the launch live.
The spacecraft is designed to dock with the Tiangong 2 space laboratory, or "Heavenly Palace 2", where two astronauts spent a month last October in China's longest ever manned space mission.
The cargo spacecraft mission will provide an "important technological basis" for the construction of China's space station, according to state media.
The spacecraft can carry 6 tonnes of goods, 2 tonnes of fuel and can fly unmanned for three months, state media said.
Despite the advances in its space program for military, commercial and scientific purposes, China still lags behind the United States and Russia.
In late 2013, China's Jade Rabbit rover landed on the Moon to great national fanfare, but ran into severe technical difficulties.
The U.S. Defense Department has highlighted China's increasing space capabilities, saying it was pursuing activities aimed at preventing other nations from using space-based assets in a crisis.
China insists it has only peaceful ambitions in space, but has tested anti-satellite missiles.
(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Robert Birsel)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TACOMA, Wash. – A 19-year-old man admitted to detectives that he shot and killed a cab driver in Tacoma while he was trying to rob him last week, according to documents filed in Pierce County Superior Court on Monday.
Eddie Lamont Hogan was charged with first-degree murder and first-degree unlawful possession of a firearm in the death of 54-year-old Robert Crall.
According to court documents, Hogan at first denied knowing about Crall's murder, then claimed he was acting in self defense because Crall grabbed him to keep him from leaving the cab without paying his fare. After being shown photos from a dash cam showing that he was wearing a bandana over his face when he got in the cab, Hogan admitted he'd tried to rob Crall and shot him during the ensuing struggle.
Detectives said Hogan's description matches that of a suspect in a series of armed robberies in the area in the 48 hours leading up to Crall's death.
INDIO, Calif. – A 36-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of stealing more than 100 cellphones during the Coachella Art and Music Festival, officials said Monday.
Authorities said that several concertgoers noticed their phones were missing and activated their “Find my iPhone” feature, according to the Indio Police Department.
Some victims were able to find and follow the suspect, identified as Reinaldo De Jesus Henao. He was eventually detained by security and arrested by Indio Police officials.
Henao, of New York, allegedly had more than 100 cellphones in his backpack. Several phones were returned to their owners and the remaining ones were turned into lost and found, officials said.
Henao faces grand theft and possession of stolen property charges.
Indio Police advise concertgoers to place their wallets or phones in their front pocket and to use an elastic band around their items to prevent them from sliding out.
Officials also advise those enjoying the festival to consider taking a “dummy wallet” to confuse potential thieves, and to spread valuables instead of keeping them in one place.
US Vice President Pence: 'We have many options for Venezuela, but the president also remains confident that working with all of our allies across Latin America we can achieve a peaceable solution'
Published 10:35 AM, August 14, 2017
BOGOTA, Colombia – The United States "will not stand by as Venezuela crumbles," Vice President Mike Pence said Sunday, August 13, but he emphasized a peaceful path even as he stood by President Donald Trump's startling warning that US military action remained a possibility.
"We have many options for Venezuela, but the president also remains confident that working with all of our allies across Latin America we can achieve a peaceable solution," Pence said in a news conference alongside Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, as he began a week-long Latin America tour of four countries.
His trip comes after Trump on Friday, August 11, said he was mulling a range of scenarios for crisis-hit Venezuela – "including a possible military option if necessary."
Trump's comment drew condemnation from Caracas, which called the threat "reckless" and "craziness."
The rest of Latin America – even countries strongly opposed to Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's usurpation of his country's democratic institutions – also strongly rejected it.
Santos re-affirmed that regional stance by saying he told Pence frankly "that the possibility of a military intervention shouldn't even be considered."
He added: "The Latin American continent, every country in Latin America, would not favor any form of military intervention."
Seeking Venezuela's 'isolation'
Colombia, Venezuela's neighbor, is a stalwart US ally and a fierce critic of Maduro and his policies.
But it and many other Latin American countries have bitter memories of past US adventures in the region, including invasions, the propping up of military dictators and the sponsorship of guerrilla groups and paramilitaries.
Pence's trip to Colombia, Argentina, Chile and Panama was dominated by US efforts to find joint action with Latin American partners to increase pressure on Maduro.
Washington has already imposed unilateral sanctions on Maduro and nearly two dozen of his officials over the establishment of a new loyalist body, an all-powerful Constituent Assembly, that supersedes the legislature controlled by the opposition.
Specifically on the threat of military action, Pence said: "President Trump is a leader who says what he means and means what he says."
But he emphasized his trip was "to marshal the unprecedented support of countries across Latin America to achieve by peaceable means the restoration of democracy in Latin America, and we believe it is achievable by those means."
Eclipsing other issues
Trump's stated possibility of a US military operation looked likely to shadow Pence at every stop, eclipsing bilateral issues, especially trade, that he was raising along the way.
In Venezuela, Maduro's regime has seized onto Trump's threat as proof of its oft-repeated claim that the United States wanted to topple the current leftist government to get its hands on Venezuela's oil reserves, the largest in the world.
The Venezuelan opposition coalition seeking to oust Maduro through early elections on Sunday also rejected "the use of force, or the threat of applying such force, by whatever country against Venezuela," in a statement.
Venezuela's leftist allies Bolivia, Cuba, Ecuador and Nicaragua meanwhile all backed Venezuela in a confrontation against its "imperialist" foe.
Venezuela's economy is heavily reliant on its oil exports, and shipments to the US – its biggest customer – account for 40 percent of its crude production, but only 8% of American oil imports.
The US sanctions so far have been against individuals and not targeted Venezuela's oil industry, which would have consequences for US refineries. – Rappler.com
April 28 China Everbright Bank Co Ltd
* Qtrly operating income RMB23,692 million versus RMB 23,574 million
* Qtrly net profit attributable to equity shareholders RMB 8.58 billion versus RMB 8.45 billion
* At quarter-end non-performing loan ratio was 1.54%, down by 0.06 percentage point over end of previous year
* At quarter-end, capital adequacy ratio of group was 11.78%, its tier-1 capital adequacy ratio was 9.32% Source text for Eikon: [bit.ly/2oEHGS9] Further company coverage:
* SPDR Gold holdings rise by about 6 tonnes this week (Recasts, updates prices) By Maytaal Angel April 12 Gold steadied on Wednesday after hitting a five-month peak as political tensions simmered, leaving investor interest in safe havens like the precious metal largely in tact. Tarnishing an otherwise brightening outlook for global growth, tensions continued to boil in the Korean peninsula and the Middle East, while worries over the upcoming French presidential election persisted. Spot gold was mostly unchanged at $1,274.85 per ounce by 1249 GMT. It hit its strongest since Nov. 10 at $1,279.80 earlier, extending the previous session's near 2 percent gains. U.S. gold futures rose 0.2 percent to $1,277. "The short term geopolitical impact will likely fade but (gold) was oversold on expectations of rate hikes and the reality of muted rate hikes sets up the potential for (further) upside," said Hamza Khan, head of commodities strategy at ING. Gold tends to gain when rate hike expectations recede because lower rates reduce the opportunity cost of holding non-yielding bullion. The dollar was flat versus a currency basket after falling on Tuesday, though a general risk-off mood that has prompted investors to sell the greenback prevailed. Chinese President Xi Jinping on Wednesday stressed the need for a peaceful solution for the Korean peninsula on a call with U.S President Donald Trump. On Tuesday North Korea warned of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression, as a U.S. Navy strike group steamed towards the western Pacific. Elsewhere, Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday trust had eroded between the United States and Russia, as Moscow delivered an unusually hostile reception to U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in a face-off over Syria. In France's presidential race, centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen clung on as frontrunners, but a far-left veteran has surged into the top four, pushing some pollsters to calculate the most extreme run-off scenarios. Gold could resume its rise ahead of the Easter long-weekend, Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at OANDA, said. "Gold has finally broken and closed above its 200-day moving average at $1,257.50, which now becomes a support. From a technical perspective, the way is now clear for a run at $1,300 and possibly higher," Halley said. Holdings of SPDR Gold Trust , the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, rose 0.50 percent to 842.41 tonnes on Tuesday. The ETF has seen about six tonnes of inflows this week. Spot silver was unchanged at $18.30 an ounce. Platinum fell 0.4 percent to $963.50 after rising over 3 percent in the previous session, while palladium dropped 1.1 percent to $793.20. (Additioanl reporting by Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; Editing by Susan Thomas)
A canine carol service is taking place today in Dublin.
Dogs of all sizes will be attending the annual event at Christ Church Cathedral this lunchtime.
The service is to celebrate the work Peata, the organisation that brings therapy dogs into care homes.
Dean of Christ Church Cathedral Dermot Dunne says the dogs are mostly well behaved, apart from when the choir sings one particular carol:
The Rancho Cucamonga Quakes defeated the Lake Elsinore Storm 9-3 at LoanMart Field.
Rylan Bannon (2-5), Jeren Kendall, and Logan Landon (2-3) each hit a homerun for the Quakes (23-29).
Landon finished with three RBIs while Bannon added two. Gavin Lux and Cody Thomas each supplied one RBI.
Matthew Batten led the Storm (25-27) going 2-for-4 at the plate. Eguy Rosario, Hudson Potts, and Brad Zunica each had a RBI.
Andrew Sopko earned the win, pitching six innings while striking out eight and allowing five hits. Michel Baez took the loss for the Storm in five innings with three strikeouts and three hits.
Lancaster 7, Inland Empire 4:
Despite leading 4-1 in the top of the seventh, the Inland Empire 66ers (26-26) could not top the Lancaster JetHawks at The Hangar.
Jo Adell homered in the first for a 1-0 66er lead, followed by Colton Welker's homer for Lancaster.
Roberto Baldoquin added a RBI in the fourth, and scored on a wild pitch for a 3-1 game.
Jordan Zimmerman homered in the seventh before the JetHawks scored two runs in the seventh and four in the eighth to take the win.
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland.
Trammell was the 1984 World Series MVP, hitting .450 as the Tigers trounced San Diego in five games and finished off a season in which they started out 35-5.
A six-time All-Star and four-time Gold Glover, Trammell scored 1,231 runs and drove in 1,003. He batted .285 with 185 home runs and a .352 on-base average — he walked 850 times and struck out 874.
Trammell never came close to election during his 15 tries on the Hall ballot in voting by Baseball Writers' Association of America members. His best showing came in his last year, when he got 40.9 per cent in 2016.
Morris got a lot closer.
Starting at 22 per cent in his first Hall ballot appearance in 2000, Morris peaked at 67.7 per cent in 2003, falling 42 short. He dropped to 61.5 per cent four years ago in his final time on the writers' ballot, 78 votes shy.
Hall of Fame players George Brett, Rod Carew, Dennis Eckersley, Don Sutton, Dave Winfield and Robin Yount were on the panel that voted.
Steve Garvey, Tommy John, Don Mattingly, Dale Murphy, Dave Parker and Luis Tiant were also on the ballot.
Miller, who headed the players' union from 1966-82 was on the ballot for the seventh time.
Miller drew 44 per cent in 2003 and 63 per cent in 2007 when all Hall of Famers could vote on the veterans panel. After the Hall downsized the committee, he got 3 of 12 votes in 2007, 7 of 12 in 2009 and 11 of 16 in 2010, one fewer than the necessary 75 per cent. Four years ago, he was at least six votes shy.
In 2008, four years before he died, Miller sent a letter to the association saying he didn't want to be considered anymore.
The annual vote on players will be announced Jan. 24.
Chipper Jones, Jim Thome and Omar Vizquel are among 19 first-time candidates, and Trevor Hoffman, Vladimir Guerrero, Edgar Martinez, Roger Clemens are Barry Bonds among the holdovers.
The Associated Press
It was all fun and games until someone stole a waterslide.
You can still see left over confetti from Saturday's birthday party on Wisteria Drive, but what you won't see is the 700 pound waterslide that was stolen from the property that night.
“We have parties, we rent slides, and nothing like this has ever happened to us,” says Nathaniel Vasquez.
Vasquez says that his family left the slide on the front lawn overnight, and the next morning all that remained was a trail of mud down the street where it had been dragged off.
“My grandma woke me up the next morning and she was like, 'the waterslide is gone,'” says Vasquez. “We were shocked, we weren't expecting that the next morning.”
Even more shocked was Esparaza's Party Entertainment, the company the slide was rented from.
“I am surprised because it's too big for anyone to steal,” says Eric Esparaza. “You can't put it in the backseat; it's way too big, it wouldn't fit.”
Inflatables of this size take at least 3 people and a trailer to transport.
“It was 30 feet long and 12 feet tall,” says Vasquez. “I don't know how they could have done it that quickly.”
Disassembling these inflatables takes at least an hour. The Esparazas say this isn't the first time an inflatable has gone missing.
“Someone we know who also rents, about two weeks ago they had a waterslide, and it was also stolen a mile away from where ours was stolen,” says Esparaza.
No word yet on who slid off with the $3,000 inflatable but, the Esparazas are hoping to get it back. They ask anyone with information on the missing waterslide to contact them through the company's Facebook page.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko, who had been reported shot and killed in the Ukrainian capital Tuesday, has shown up at a news conference very much alive.
Vasily Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service, told a news conference on Wednesday the agency faked Babchenko's death to catch those who were trying to kill him.
Kyiv and national police had said Babchenko, a strong critic of the Kremlin, was shot multiple times in the back at his apartment building and found bleeding by his wife.
He showed up at Gritsak's new conference on Wednesday and thanked everyone who was mourning his death.
BRIEF-China Science Publishing & Media says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.033 yuan per share(before tax) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
Traffic on the M1 near Wakefield is slowing because of an earlier crash.
The inside lane is shut between J41, A650 Carrgate, and J40, Ossett turn-off, on the southbound carriageway.
As rush hour approaches, queues are starting to form.
It is hoped that the area will be cleared by 6pm.
Roseanne Barr says she is mulling her next move a day after ABC canceled the hit sitcom Roseanne — suggesting that fans and defenders have inspired her to fight her swift sacking over a controversial tweet.
“[Y]ou guys make me feel like fighting back. I will examine all of my options carefully and get back to U,” Barr tweeted Wednesday in response to an outpouring of support.
you guys make me feel like fighting back. I will examine all of my options carefully and get back to U. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
“I am tired of being smeared,” she continued, “over a stupid mistake erasing 30 yrs of activism.”
Can you all help me get more followers here? The more I have the more my words will have weight. I am a fighter 4 FAiRNESS in all aspects of US life. I am tired of being smeared-over a stupid mistake erasing 30 yrs of activism. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
Barr has not publicly suggested any specific course of action she may take.
“The star might be able to litigate for wrongful termination, but it's unlikely that even invoking the First Amendment could get her out of the morality clause given the public backlash from her tweet. It's even more unlikely that she could convince the network to reverse its cancellation and green light a second season of her revival given the extremely negative attention her words brought on the network,” reports Fox News.
Roseanne Barr set off a firestorm of criticism on Tuesday after describing Jarrett as the product of the Muslim Brotherhood and Planet of the Apes — a remark she has since apologized for, later claiming she was “Ambien tweeting.”
“Guys I did something unforgiveable so do not defend me,” she said in a now-deleted tweet.
“It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible. I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but…don't defend it please. ty.”
ABC and its parent company Disney worked quickly to denounce Barr's insult to Jarrett.
“Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel her show,” ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey announced Tuesday.
Disney CEO Bob Iger called Jarrett personally to offer her an apology — prompting President Donald Trump to demand an apology for insults from other ABC employees.
'They have the technical expertise in operating and TransCo has the facilities to offer,' says TransCo President Melvin Matibag
Published 8:00 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – State-run National Transmission Corporation (TransCo) put its name forward as a possible partner for China Telecom Corporation Ltd in a bid to establish a long-sought after 3rd player in the Philippines' telecommunications industry.
"We can be the 60%. They have the technical expertise in operating and TransCo has the facilities to offer. This will shorten the process," said TransCo President Melvin Matibag at a Department of Energy (DOE) briefing on Monday, December 11. (READ: China Telecom to help establish 3rd PH telco player – Andanar)
But Matibag clarified that no discussions have taken place yet.
He added: "It's beyond my pay grade. I think they are talking to somebody higher, maybe the secretary, secretary of [the] Department of Finance or the Office of the President. What I did is to make the available recommendations."
The TransCo head did lay out a timeline for how soon it could begin covering areas as a telco should it partner with China Telecom or a local firm. (READ: 10 firms eye partnering with TransCo for telco entry)
"The way we project it, for Luzon we can do it in 6 months, and for the entire country for one year. This is from the time it's going to be agreed and all," Matibag said.
TransCo, which owns all of the country's transmission assets that link power plants to electric distribution utilities, announced plans to diversify into the telco industry last October and asked Congress to amend its charter to allow it to do so.
This comes as Presidential Communications Secretary Martin Andanar said that the Chinese government has selected China Telecom to invest in the Philippines' telco industry following an invitation by President Rodrigo Duterte himself.
It is still unclear how any arrangement would proceed, however, as the 1987 Philippine Constitution limits foreign ownership to 40%.
Newly revitalized Philippine Telegraph & Telephone Corporation is another potential partner. It previously said that it was in talks with China Telecom and Datang Telecom.
The Philippines' two telco giants, Globe Telecom and PLDT, both have foreign telco partners – Globe with Singapore's Singtel and PLDT with Japan's NTT Docomo. – Rappler.com
May 3 Exterran Corp:
* Exterran Corporation announces first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.13 from continuing operations
* Q1 earnings per share $0.02 from continuing operations
* Q1 revenue $280.7 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.39 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Says oil and gas product sales backlog was $424.6 million at March 31, 2017, as compared to $306.2 million at December 31, 2016
* Says oil and gas product sales bookings for Q1 of 2017 were $249.2 million, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 190% Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Prithvi Kanti Bandyopadhyay)
Ryanair cabin crew are to hold co-ordinated strikes in four European countries, a union official says, escalating industrial action at Europe's largest low-cost carrier, which dismissed their demands as "pointless".
Cabin crew in Spain, Portugal, Italy and Belgium are planning strikes and will announce dates for the action on Thursday once authorities in Italy give their approval, Antonio Escobar, an official with Spanish union SITCPLA said on Wednesday.
He added that other countries may join the action.
The cabin crew are joining Irish Ryanair pilots who on Tuesday announced a strike for July 12, saying the carrier had failed to improve conditions sufficiently after recognising unions in December.
Ryanair, which flies to 37 countries and carried 130 million passengers last year, averted widespread strikes before Christmas by deciding to recognise trade unions for the first time in its 32-year history. But it has since struggled to reach agreement on terms with several of them.
Cabin crew from across Europe published a list of 34 demands on Wednesday, including "a fair living wage", improved sick pay and employment contracts in their own language based on local rather than Irish law.
The list of demands was drawn up by crew representing 80 per cent of Ryanair's 86 bases, the International Transport Workers Federation, which organised the event, said in a statement.
Cabin crew said at a media briefing they were forced to physically report to work when sick to provide written details of symptoms and struggled to claim sick pay as their terms and conditions often straddled the law of Ireland and their home country.
The cabin crew, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said staff from several EU countries were forced to travel to Ireland to open bank accounts to receive their pay.
A Ryanair spokesman disputed some of the claims and described the demands as "pointless" considering the attractiveness of the overall package offered to staff.
He said cabin crew received sick pay and a 400-euro ($A630) annual uniform allowance and could earn up to 40,000 euros per year. Crew had attractive working hours and could not legally fly for more than an average of 18 hours per week, he said.
"Ryanair is already engaged in extensive negotiations with national cabin crew unions across Europe during which all of these, and other issues, are being negotiated and we have already concluded agreements in the UK and Italy," the spokesman said.
Italian union Ultrasporti has said the agreement Ryanair secured in Italy is with a union that does not represent the majority of Ryanair cabin crew in the region.
Portuguese union SNPVAC, Spain's SITCPLA and USO, Italy's Ultrasporti and Belgium's CNE/LBC in April released a joint threat to strike if their demands were not met by June 30.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
LONDON May 2 The UK Serious Fraud Office (SFO) said on Tuesday it had charged logistics company F.H. Bertling Ltd and four people with conspiracy to commit or accept bribery in an investigation into a North Sea oil exploration project known as Jasmine.
The SFO alleged that Robert McNally, Georgina Ayres, Giuseppe Morreale, Stephen Emler and F.H. Bertling, the UK-based subsidiary of the German-headquartered Bertling Group, conspired together and with others to win or retain freight forwarding services contracts between January 2010 and May 2013.
Representatives for the company and the individuals have been told to appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court on May 19. (Reporting by Kirstin Ridley; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
ACAPULCO The remains of at least six bodies were found in a ditch on Saturday just outside the seaside resort of Acapulco in Guerrero, Mexico's bloodiest state, an official said.
The bodies had been buried between 5 and 20 days ago in a ditch that fed rain water into one of Acapulco's main bays, according to Acapulco prosecutor Ricardo Quevedo.
Sparsely populated Guerrero has led the nation in firearm killings for most of the past six years as heroin production for the U.S. market has spiked in an area that is being fought over by a growing number of drug gangs.
Violence has also been fed by turf wars over the distribution of drugs like cocaine and methamphetamine in cities like Acapulco.
There were nearly 1,500 recorded firearms murders in Guerrero last year, according to government data, and hundreds more people have disappeared, with many found in mass graves.
Violence in Mexico has spiked during the past year to the highest rates since 2011 and the worst during the presidency of Enrique Pena Nieto, who took office in late 2012.
(Reporting by Uriel Sanchez; Writing by Michael O'Boyle; Editing by Paul Tait)
Miriam Bruns, the long-time head of the Goethe-Zentrum in Atlanta, is stepping down to take up a new role in the nation's capital.
But Ms. Bruns isn't leaving the arena of promoting German culture and language. She's headed to Washington to work on DeutschlandJahr (Year of Germany) USA for the Goethe-Institut there. The 2018-19 initiative is aimed at making Germany and its culture more visible across America.
During her tenure in Atlanta, the German cultural center created a high school outreach that touches 1,500 students and worked with European diplomats and other cultural organizations on various projects, from wine tastings to film screenings. Ms. Bruns was head of programming for more than 10 years and executive director for nearly five.
The Goethe's co-located sister institute, the Alliance Francaise d'Atlanta, earlier this year named its own new executive director: DeShawn Jenkins. It's not clear yet who will replace Ms. Bruns, who also presided over the Goethe-Zentrum's 40th birthday ball last year.
In a letter of thanks to volunteers and supporters, Ms. Bruns struck an optimistic tone about the future of the organization, largely based on its devoted core base of supporters in the business community and beyond. Atlanta has become a magnet for German companies, including huge automakers Porsche and Mercedes-Benz, making its mission more relevant and its potential support base larger than ever.
Throughout, the Goethe Atlanta has thrived on its outside support and the work of its volunteers. Nothing that we have accomplished together would have been possible without your help and assistance. A special thank you to the board of directors, teachers, staff, and volunteers for all your hard work, enthusiasm, and dedication. You are an amazing team and I wish you all the best. I truly enjoyed working with you and learning from all of you.
And, characteristically, Ms. Bruns ended with a culturally appropriate note from her adopted home:
Y'all, the Goethe, and Georgia will always be “on my mind”…
Read the full letter here.
Read more on the 40th anniversary: Goethe-Zentrum: A Survivor With a Cultural Mission
EDINBURG, Texas (AP) — Police in Texas acting on a tip found 17 immigrants locked inside a tractor-trailer parked at a gas station about 20 miles (30 kilometers) from the border with Mexico.
Edinburg Assistant Police Chief Oscar Trevino tells KGBT-TV that the immigrants from Mexico, Honduras and other countries may have been locked inside the 18-wheeler for at least eight hours before being freed by officers in Edinburg late Sunday morning.
None of the people inside the tractor-trailer required medical attention. A man and woman who Trevino said are Cuban nationals were in charge of the rig and have been detained.
Edinburg police went to the gas station, a popular stopover for commercial truck drivers traveling through the region, after receiving an anonymous call from someone saying a relative was trapped inside the tractor-trailer with several others.
Officers began knocking on the sides of trailers parked at the station and eventually received return knocks from the one holding the immigrants, police said.
A spokeswoman for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement says the agency is investigating the matter.
The discovery comes more than three weeks after 10 people died and several others were rescued from a sweltering rig parked at a Walmart in San Antonio. At least a dozen others were hospitalized. The driver of that rig remains in federal custody, charged with illegally transporting immigrants for financial gain, resulting in death.
The San Antonio incident demonstrated how smugglers regularly use big rigs as part of an elaborate network of foot guides, safe house operators and drivers. The immigrants discovered in San Antonio had been divided into groups and marked with color-coded tape. Six black SUVs were waiting at one transit point to take some on to their destinations.
Authorities have not said if similar arrangements had been made for the immigrants found in Edinburg, about 230 miles (370 kilometers) south of San Antonio.
Tractor-trailers emerged as a popular smuggling method in the early 1990s amid a surge in U.S. border enforcement in San Diego and El Paso, Texas, which were then the busiest corridors for illegal crossings. Before that, people paid small fees to mom-and-pop operators to get them across a largely unguarded border. As crossing became exponentially more difficult after the 2001 terror strikes in the U.S., migrants were led through more dangerous terrain and paid thousands of dollars more.
Golden Flake A-Day Game Activities and Experiences
The Mercedes-Benz Fan Fest gets the day started at 8 a.m. followed by the Alumni Flag Football Game and a home run derby with former Crimson Tide athletes at halftime
The Alabama Golden Flake A-Day Game, scheduled for a 1 p.m. (CT) kick on April 21 at Bryant-Denny Stadium, will include a full day of activities and experiences, including the opportunity for fans to take the field at the conclusion of the game. The A-Day game will serve as the 15th and final practice of the spring. Gates open at 10 a.m. and admission will once again be free to the public.
It will be the program's 12th A-Day Game under the direction of six-time national championship coach Nick Saban. A myriad of activities punctuates the 2018 Golden Flake A-Day Game that will be televised on ESPN with Kirk Herbstreit, Joey Galloway, Adnan Virk and Holly Rowe calling the game from field level.
Game day will get started with the Mercedes-Benz Fan Fest, which will open at 8 a.m. adjacent to Bryant-Denny Stadium. The Fan Fest will feature free giveaways, sampling events, the Coca-Cola Kids Zone, live radio remotes, vehicle displays, the annual UA athletic apparel/game program sale and other fun fan activities open to the general public. Numerous food vendors will also be open on the Walk of Champions Plaza starting at 8 a.m.
Alabama's 2017 Sugar Bowl and College Football Playoff national championship trophies will be on display at the Mercedes-Benz Fan Fest. Free photo opportunities with the trophies will begin at 8 a.m., while former Alabama football players will also be in attendance signing free autographs at Fan Fest. Check RollTide.com and UA Athletic Facebook pages for updated appearance confirmations and times.
A limited number of unique experience upgrades remain available for sale. Fans may purchase the opportunity to take their picture on the sideline during the game, secure VIP access to the alumni flag football game, guarantee seats in the shade, and more. Two special national championship items – commemorative season ticket sheets and College Football Playoff banners displayed in Atlanta – have also been released for sale. Visit RollTide.com/Experience to browse all available experience upgrades and commemorative items.
Winn-Dixie rewards cardholders can pick up reserved tickets in the special Winn-Dixie Family Section by signing up or showing their new Plenti rewards card at the Winn-Dixie display in the Fan Fest. The Winn-Dixie Family Section will be located in Section A of Bryant-Denny Stadium. Approximately 1,000 Family Section tickets will be available prior to the game while supplies last.
A-Day posters featuring the 2018 schedule will be given away at the gates to the first 10,000 fans. A-Day programs will also be available at a cost of $5. University of Alabama students are encouraged to enter through Gate 31 and swipe their ACT card for a chance to win one of several prizes that will be given out throughout the game.
The Alumni Flag Football Game begins at 10:30 a.m. inside Bryant-Denny Stadium and will feature former Alabama standouts. The game is slated for two 20-minute halves and should wrap up around 11:15 a.m.
One of the great traditions at The University of Alabama, which is always open to the public, is the annual Walk of Fame Ceremony at Denny Chimes. At approximately 11:15 a.m. on A-Day, head coach Nick Saban and 2017 captains Bradley Bozeman, Rashaan Evans, Minkah Fitzpatrick and Shaun Dion Hamilton will address the crowd. The captains will then leave prints of their hands and cleats in the concrete as they join a long list of Crimson Tide greats at Denny Chimes.
The Crimson Tide will then hold its Walk of Champions, scheduled for 11:50 a.m., when the team arrives at Bryant-Denny Stadium. This year's halftime entertainment will feature a home run derby as former Crimson Tide football, baseball and softball players square off in an entertaining competition.
Coach Saban will present the spring awards to the team at midfield at the conclusion of the game. Once the team has cleared the field, for the fifth straight year at A-Day, all fans will have postgame field access. Fans may enter through any of the four corner gates.
Alabama leads the nation in spring game attendance over the last 11 years with a total of 884,070 fans for an average of 80,970 fans per game during that period. The largest A-Day crowd in school history came in 2011 (92,310). In head coach Nick Saban‘s first year of 2007, the stadium was at full capacity prior to expansion (92,138).
The Crimson Tide softball team hosts Tennessee at 4:30 p.m. in game one of their three-game series at Rhoads Stadium. The day concludes when the Alabama baseball team takes on Auburn at 7 p.m. at Sewell-Thomas Stadium. The Crimson Tide will also host the Tigers on Friday at 6 p.m. and on Sunday at 1 p.m. Tickets for Alabama baseball and softball games can be purchased at RollTide.com.
Public parking for A-Day is free and first-come/first-serve with Crimson Ride shuttles beginning their game day routes at 7:00 a.m. Tuscaloosa Transit will begin running from the downtown Intermodal Facility at 10 a.m. and will conclude one hour after the end of the game. For more parking, traffic and A-Day information go to UAGameday.com.
Once again, Alabama's clear bag policy (PDF) will be in effect during the 2018 season beginning with the A-Day Game. The clear bag policy is in the best interest of public safety and significantly expedites entry into Bryant-Denny Stadium. The policy limits the size and types of bags that may be brought into the stadium by fans.
Get all the latest information on the team by following @AlabamaFTBL on Twitter and Facebook and AlabamaFBL on Instagram. General athletic news can also be found at UA_Athletics on Twitter and Instagram and AlabamaAthletics on Facebook.
A central pillar of Rep. Devin Nunes' memo alleging wrongdoing by the FBI -- that the government did not disclose the political bias of a source when seeking a surveillance warrant -- is unfounded, House Intelligence Committee ranking member Adam Schiff told reporters Friday.
Scroll for more content...
The memo alleges that ex-British intelligence officer Christopher Steele, who authored an opposition research dossier on Trump that was used to obtain a FISA warrant on former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page, harbored anti-Trump financial and ideological motivations, including that the dossier was funded in part by Hillary Clinton's campaign and the Democratic National Committee. The memo claims those motivations were not included in the FISA application even though senior Justice Department officials knew about Steele's alleged anti-Trump bias.
Schiff disputed that assertion as "not accurate," saying the court was aware that there was a "likely political motivation" behind the Steele dossier. The California Democrat also said it is normal in FISA applications not to name individuals who may be sources of information.
The Washington Post, New York Times and Wall Street Journal reported after the memo's release that the FISA court was aware of political motivations behind the dossier.
According to an official cited in the Post on Friday, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the matter's sensitivity, the Justice Department presented "ample disclosure of relevant, material facts," to the FISA court, including that "the research was being paid for by a political entity."
The New York Times also reported Friday that the FISA court was told about political motivations behind the dossier. A Democratic memo written to rebut the allegations in Nunes' document said the FBI did, in fact, tell the court that the information in the Steele dossier was politically motivated, even if the bureau didn't mention that research that went into the dossier was paid for by Democrats, the Times reported, citing two people familiar with the Democratic memo.
The Wall Street Journal further reported that, according to a person familiar with the matter, the FISA application disclosed that Steele was paid by a law firm working for a major political party,
Steve Vladeck, a CNN legal analyst and professor at the University of Texas School of Law, tweeted Saturday that the news reports served as "proof that the #mehmo deliberately misrepresented the record to make the #FISA application look shadier than it was" and called the revelations "(f)atal to the memo's entire premise."
"I don't find these reports at all surprising, because it would've been the responsible thing for the government to say, especially if, as appears to be the case, there was a lot of additional evidence not derived from the dossier that was part of the underlying application," Vladeck later said in an email. "It all just further undermines not just the specific conclusions of the Nunes memo, but the larger point it's being invoked by the President and his supporters to make."
The Nunes memo -- the most explicit Republican effort yet to discredit the FBI's investigation into Trump and Russia -- has drawn criticism from Democrats as well as some Republicans, who say it is politically motivated, and also from the FBI, which warned it omitted key facts that could affect its veracity.
There are currently multiple investigations looking into possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia during the 2016 election, including a probe by the House Intelligence Committee, on which Nunes serves as chairman.
On Saturday morning, Trump tweeted about Nunes' memo, saying it "totally vindicates" him, and called the Russia investigation "an American disgrace!"
"This memo totally vindicates 'Trump' in probe," Trump wrote. "But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!"
"If it were a royal wedding we'd do maybe three fittings to make sure everything's to the millimetre, absolutely right," she said.
Then comes the labour-intensive part: when seamstresses work on the embroidery artwork and lace. More fittings follow to decide details such as where exactly the neckline sits and how many layers of petticoats are needed.
"For a really exclusive dress it could take 60 hours plus (of labour), it depends on the embroidery. If it's embroidered all over we're talking hundreds of hours. The sky's the limit," Lepley said. "It really is very old-fashioned and all done by hand. It's unbelievable how many hours things take."
3-D petals or clean and simple?
Romantic, soft and whimsical styles with 3-D details like petals are popular with many brides right now, experts say. But traditional shapes like a ball gown or a column silhouette never go out of style, and many who have watched Markle's style have a hunch she might go for something unfussy and streamlined.
"Ball gowns are forever popular, because they look so incredibly dramatic. If you can't make an entrance on your wedding day when can you?" Burstein said. "Lace is always a strong trend and at the moment you'll see a lot of 3-D petals that give the dresses so much life."
Lepley said that she hoped Markle would choose "something not too over-designed." She showed off one of her luxury duchess satin gowns with no embellishments, with just a striking picture collar framing the bride's face. "This would be amazing," she said.
"I got a feeling she'd probably like to go quite straight and simple, but she might end up going much bigger because of the drama, the size of the venue," Lepley added. "She's got to hit it just right, hasn't she? Not too ornate, not the dress wearing her. She still needs to shine."
Susan Courter, who runs WhatMeghanWore.net, a popular website identifying Markle's choice of apparel in each public appearance, agreed.
"I'm thinking there'll be clean lines, a tailored look, very chic. That's who she is," Courter said. "I don't think there will be a lot of lace, maybe a little bit of whimsical touches to represent her personality."
The royal effect
There's no denying the huge effect royal weddings have on what brides everywhere want to wear.
Princess Diana's 1981 wedding gown, with its puff sleeves, romantic ruffles and dramatic train, defined the 1980s fairytale bridal look. More recently, when Kate Middleton married Prince William in 2011, the long-sleeved lace gown she chose sparked a trend for more covered-up, traditional bridal dresses that lasted for years.
"I think people tend to be, 'Yes I want to follow that through, or I totally don't want to be like that at all,'" Lepley said of the royal effect. "You get a double reaction."
Markle has already set herself apart from traditional royal style, ditching classic frocks for trousers on several royal engagements. If she picks something similarly bold for her wedding, it's sure to make a fashion statement, Burstein said.
"She may not go for a long dress at all, but a beautifully tailored dress and coat. That would send a huge message and no doubt there would be a dramatic shift in what a bride would choose after this wedding," she said.
And as an established actress known for her love of fashion, Markle's wedding style will appeal to a broad audience — likely surpassing the "Kate effect," Courter said.
"We've seen the frenzy with what she wears for all these engagements. I can really see these brides are going to be running out and saying 'I want that look, how can I get it?'"
* Less-costly pork price through 2018
* March pigs-per-litter record high
* Report neutral for hog futures on Friday
By Theopolis Waters
CHICAGO, March 30 The U.S. hog herd in the December-February quarter grew 4.0 percent versus a year earlier, according to Thursday's U.S. Department of Agriculture report, suggesting ample hog supplies ahead.
The result was slightly above analysts' average forecasts and was the largest on record for the period. Analysts regarded the report as neutral because most of the results were close to forecasts.
They said farmers ramped up production to accommodate four new packing plants slated to come on line in 2017. A record number of baby piglets that survived during the quarter further fueled herd expansion.
The report suggests plentiful hog numbers ahead, which should help keep a lid on pork prices at the meat case through 2018, said analysts.
"The summer seasonal increase in pork prices is not going to change. But cheaper pork is still on the horizon for the next two years," said Allendale Inc chief strategist Rich Nelson.
USDA's report showed the U.S. hog herd as of March 1 at 104.0 percent of the year-ago level or 70.976 million head.
The result topped analysts' average forecasts and was the most for the quarter since USDA began tabulating the March quarterly data series in 1988, according to Nelson.
Analysts, on average, expected 70.761 million head, or 103.9 percent of the year-earlier herd.
The U.S. breeding herd was 101.0 percent of the year-ago level, at 6.068 million head, up from 5.980 million last year.
The average trade forecast was 6.089 million or 101.8 percent of the previous year.
The March 1 supply of market-ready hogs for sale to packers was 104.0 percent of a year earlier at 64.908 million head, an increase from 62.144 million last year. Analysts, on average, looked for a 4.0 percent rise, or 64.648 million.
Record March 1 pigs per litter at 10.43 suggests consistent industry improvement in saving pigs that are born, said U.S. Commodities President Don Roose, referring to hog herd growth. Four new plants planned for this year imply increased capacity, which means more hogs are needed, he said.
Roose suggests keeping an eye on pork exports that he said will be needed to absorb the extra hogs entering the pipeline.
Analysts viewed Thursday's report as generally neutral for Chicago Mercantile Exchange lean hog futures, depending on how much of it had already been factored in to the market. (Editing by Matthew Lewis)
TIM BRESNAN believes that the new city-based T20 competition will accelerate cricket's appeal and lead to more Roses-type atmospheres in the future.
The Yorkshire pace bowler has thrown his support behind the franchise tournament designed to rival the Indian Premier League and the Australian Big Bash.
Yorkshire captain Tim Bresnan celebrates taking the wicket of Nottinghamshire's Michael Lumb.
The eight-team competition will run alongside the T20 Blast from 2020 and has been overwhelmingly endorsed by the first-class counties, who will each receive £1.3m a year.
Although some say that cricket does not need a second T20 tournament in this country, fearing that the Blast could be relegated to second-class status, Bresnan cited the atmosphere generated by a sell-out Roses crowd at Headingley last Friday as proof of why city-based cricket will work.
“There are not many better atmospheres than that,” said Bresnan, who captained Yorkshire to a 19-run win in front of 15,750 spectators.
“I was speaking to (television commentator and former player) Rob Key afterwards, and he said, ‘That's why we need city cricket.'
I think it's one of the best cricket leagues in the world, and I've played in a few. The standard (on Friday) was quite exceptional. There's nothing better. Tim Bresnan
“I certainly think it will move the game forwards at a rapid rate of knots. This (the Roses match at Headingley) is only once a year, whereas it could be six or seven times a year like this at home (with the new competition).
“If every game in that city league turns out to be one of these games, then who wouldn't want it? It gets the boys up, and you can see how we fed off it. It was absolutely fantastic.”
Bresnan also compared the standard on Friday to that of international cricket.
Having played in the England team that won the World T20 in 2010, and the Perth Scorchers side that won the Big Bash earlier this year, he is well-placed to comment as England gets ready for the franchise event.
“I think it's one of the best cricket leagues in the world, and I've played in a few,” he said.
“The standard (on Friday) was quite exceptional.
“There's nothing better, and that's as close to international cricket as you're going to get.
“The quality there from both sides was probably as good as you're going to see.”
The match featured such as England quintet David Willey, Liam Plunkett, Adil Rashid, Jos Buttler and Liam Livingstone, the Pakistan Champions Trophy-winning duo of Sarfaraz Ahmed and Junaid Khan, plus the Australian Shaun Marsh.
Yet it was 32-year-old Bresnan, who last played international cricket in 2015, who stole the show with figures of 6-19 from four overs – the third-best analysis in English T20.
Only Arul Suppiah, with what remain world record figures of 6-5 for Somerset against Glamorgan at Cardiff in 2011, and Tim Southee, who took 6-16 for Essex against Glamorgan at Chelmsford in the same year, have returned better figures.
Bresnan said: “I was very happy with that. I got the knee slide out at the end, and I don't need to be doing that at my age. The win was all that mattered.”
It was a win that Yorkshire were unable to back up the next day when they lost by four wickets to Leicestershire.
It leaves them needing to win their final group game against Northants at Headingley on Thursday to retain hope of qualifying for the quarter-finals.
GREENVILLE – The Greenville High School Class of 1983 will hold its 35th year class reunion the evening of Aug. 25 at Thirsty Turtle, U.S. Route 36 East, Greenville.
Individual invitations will not be sent out so class members are asked share this information if their classmates. Class members should RSVP on the GHS Class of 1983 Facebook group event or to jac4930@hotmail.com.
PENTICTON, B.C. — Manitoba's Jennifer Jones is heading to the Scotties Tournament of Hearts final after defeating Wild Card Kerri Einarson 9-7 on Saturday in the Page 1-2 playoff.
Jones, who already holds five national titles, scored two in the 10th end to break a 7-7 tie and secure her place in the Canadian women's curling championship draw on Sunday.
Einarson's rink from East St. Paul, Man., still has a chance to reach the title draw through the semifinal. She will face Nova Scotia's Mary-Anne Arsenault in Sunday's semi.
Einarson opened the scoring with a deuce in the second end only for Jones to reply with two of her own in the third.
Jones put the pressure on Einarson in the fifth end when she scored three to turn a 3-2 deficit into a 5-3 lead.
But Einarson responded with two in the next end and stole a single in the seventh to regain a one-point advantage.
Jones came right back with a deuce in the eighth only for Einarson's single in the ninth to tie it 7-7.
Earlier in the day, Arsenault led her team into the semifinal by defeating Northern Ontario's Tracy Fleury 6-2.
"It was so nice to put a really good game together. I'm so proud of my girls," Arsenault said. "Any time we got into a bit of trouble then Jen and Christina (second Jennifer Baxter and third Christina Black) would get us back out of trouble so it was awesome."
Nova Scotia broke the game open against Northern Ontario by scoring three in the sixth end to go up 5-1.
April 28 Livanova Plc
* Livanova to unveil new data further demonstrating the perceval sutureless valve is a safe and effective aortic valve replacement for patients
* Data presentations showcase perceval's safety and performance for aortic valve replacement (AVR) patients Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
YELM, Wash. — A 19-year-old bicyclist was killed in a collision on State Route 507 near Yelm.
The Olympian reports that man in a pickup was heading south when he left his lane for an unknown reason and collided with the southbound bicyclist.
The Washington State Patrol says the collision happened at about 2 p.m. Sunday.
The agency tweeted that showed the bicycle jammed underneath the truck.
The cyclist, Martin Valencia of McKenna, died at the scene.
State Patrol spokeswoman Shaneka Phillips says the uninjured driver, a 56-year-old Graham man, was not impaired.
The driver was cited for negligent driving, driving with a suspended license and having no insurance.
April 20 Devon Energy Corp
* Devon Energy - in connection with Jeff Ritenour's appointment as CFO, Ritenour to get base salary at an annualized rate of pay of $575,000 -sec filing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
× Police looking for green Saturn Vue allegedly involved in fatal hit-and-run crash on SR 167
TACOMA — Washington State Patrol troopers were looking Tuesday night for a green Saturn Vue from Federal Way that they say was involved in a fatal hit-and-run crash near Waller.
A state trooper said the green car, license plate number APL7862, came out of a side street at SR 167 and Gratzer, prompting the victim — who was killed — to swerve and then rolled over into oncoming southbound traffic where it was hit by another vehicle.
The driver of the oncoming vehicle was injured and taken to Tacoma General Hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
The State Patrol said the Saturn Vue that drove away was believed to be “returning to a Federal Way address.”
UN members: Syria not answering chemical weapons questions
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — Syria is still failing to answer questions about its chemical weapons program, years after becoming a party to the chemical weapons convention, members of the U.N. Security Council said Wednesday.
Swedish Ambassador Olof Skoog, the current council president, said many members raised the issue during a closed meeting on Syria's chemical weapons at which U.N. disarmament chief Izumi Nakamitsu gave a briefing by video.
"There are a lot of uncertainties" in Syria's declaration to the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons of its chemical weapons program, "and that is part of the problem," Skoog told The Associated Press after the meeting.
Britain's deputy U.N. ambassador, Jonathan Allen, said before the meeting that members would be discussing "how to ensure the Syrian regime dismantles their chemical weapons program."
The council meeting followed last week's 82-24 vote by OPCW member nations giving the international chemical weapons watchdog the authority to determine blame for chemical attacks for the first time, over strong objections from Russia and Syria.
The OPCW was created to implement the 1997 convention that banned chemical weapons, but it lacked a mandate to name the parties it found responsible for using them.
The Security Council established a joint U.N.-OPCW investigative team to determine responsibility for chemical attacks in Syria.
But Russia vetoed a Western-backed resolution in November that would have renewed the mandate of the Joint Investigative Mechanism, or JIM. Russian Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia said it "became a puppet in the hands of anti-Damascus forces."
The JIM accused Syria of using chlorine gas in at least two attacks in 2014 and 2015 and the nerve agent sarin in an aerial attack on Khan Sheikhoun in April 2017 that killed about 100 people and affected about 200 others. The Khan Sheikhoun attack led to a U.S. airstrike on a Syrian airfield.
The JIM also accused the Islamic State extremist group of using mustard gas twice in 2015 and 2016.
Syrian President Bashar Assad said in an interview last month with Russia's state-controlled NTV television channel that his government got rid of all its chemical weapons in 2013 and that allegations of their use are a pretext for invasion by other countries.
But Syria has been accused repeatedly of using chemical weapons in the seven-year civil war, most recently in April in the town of Douma. The United States, France and United Kingdom launched air strikes in retaliation for that attack.
Dutch Ambassador Karel Van Oosterom also stressed the outstanding questions about Syria's OPCW declaration.
He welcomed the OPCW's decision last week to expand its mandate to determine responsibility for chemical attacks, calling it "a big step in the right direction."
In a related development, Van Oosterom said a group of "like-minded countries" are working to beef up the International, Impartial and Independent Mechanism established by the U.N. General Assembly in December 2016 to assist in the investigation and prosecution of people responsible for the most serious crimes since the Syrian conflict began in March 2011.
Last Thursday, he said, the group met with U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres to discuss "sustainable financing" for the investigative body, and "to see what we can do with the files of the JIM, and in other ways help to ensure accountability."
The father of three who lunged at Larry Nassar inside of a courtroom on Friday has been praised for his actions on social media but he says he's “no hero.”
Randall Margraves, whose three daughters were victims of Nassar, formally apologized when he returned to the courtroom to face contempt charges – charges which were later dismissed.
“I look over here and Larry Nassar's shaking his head ‘no,' like it didn't happen. I'm embarrassed,” Margraves told the court of his conduct.
He continued, “I'm not here to upstage my daughters. I'm here to help them heal.”
The father of 3 of Larry Nassar's victims tried to attack the former gymnastic doctor at his latest sentencing hearing for sexual abuse today @adrianasdiaz spoke with the father pic.twitter.com/GB29IYfReY — CBS Evening News (@CBSEveningNews) February 2, 2018
Margraves told CBS News he “did not think about wanting to kill” Nassar after he requested to be alone with him, but that he “did want to inflict some pain.”
The father of the three girls, still racked with guilt, said the social media praise he had received was directed at the wrong person.
“I'm no hero, my daughters are the heroes. My daughters and the other victims,” Margraves said.
Dismissing the charges against him Eaton County Judge Janice Cunningham said she felt for him.
“I don't know what it would be like to stand there as a father and know that three of your girls were injured physically and emotionally by somebody sitting in a courtroom. I can't imagine that,” she said.
Randall Margraves, the father of three victims of Larry Nassar, lunges at Nassar during court Friday morning Cory Morse/The Grand Rapids Press/AP
RELATED: Disgraced Former Gymnastics Doctor Larry Nassar Sentenced to 175 Years for Sexually Abusing Girls
Despite understanding why Margraves reacted in violence, she said it was “not acceptable that we combat assault with assault.”
During Nassar's third and final sentencing hearing, Margraves asked Cunningham for five minutes alone with the disgraced doctor in a locked room. After she denied his request, he asked for one minute. She denied his request again, and Margraves lunged toward Nassar.
“Let me at him! I want that son of a bitch!” Margraves yelled as bailiffs held him down on the courtroom floor. “Give me one minute with that bastard!”
Margraves tackled by three police officers Cory Morse/The Grand Rapids Press/AP
The display came after Margraves' daughter Lauren testified in court, detailing that life has been a “crazy whirlwind” since Nassar first abused her when she was 13 years old, according to the Detroit News. Both Lauren and her sister Madison gave statements to the court and said that their other sister had also been abused by the former Michigan State and Team USA gymnastics doctor.
I know the normal platitudes are that violence/retaliation isn't the answer, but a lot of parents of Larry Nassar's victims either wanted to do this or would have been happy had this Dad completed the task pic.twitter.com/UHVCu2ynfE — Jemele Hill (@jemelehill) February 2, 2018
In November, Nassar pleaded guilty to three counts of criminal sexual conduct, an Eaton County court spokesperson told PEOPLE. Two of the counts were first-degree and one was in the third degree. Two of the counts involved girls between the ages of 13 and 15, and one against a girl younger than 13.
RELATED VIDEO: Ex-USA Gymnastics Official Larry Nassar is Sentenced for Sexually Abusing Over 100 Young Women and Girls
Last month, Judge Rosemarie Aquilina of Michigan's Ingham County Circuit Court sentenced the 54-year-old predator to up to 175 years in prison after he pleaded guilty to seven similar charges in that county. The sentencing followed days of moving impact statements from dozens of victims
“Your crimes have cut into the core of this community and families and many we don't know,” Aquilina said before handing down the sentence. “There was no medical treatment. You did this for your pleasure and your control. You still think that somehow you are right … I wouldn't send my dogs to you, sir.”
“It was my honor and privilege to sentence you,” Aquilina added later, stating that she wants him to remain in prison for the rest of his life. “I just signed your death warrant.”
More than 250 women and girls have accused Nassar of assault, including gymnasts Aly Raisman, Simone Biles, McKayla Maroney and Gabby Douglas.
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
SO, after “taking a breather” (because what's another few weeks and she obviously needed a break after resigning from the Bulldogs in May), Raelene Castle has been tasked with reviving rugby in Australia.
Four months after Bill Pulver announced he would be stepping down, Rugby Australia unveiled the New Zealander as the organisation's first ever female chief executive.
The Wagga Wagga-born Castle edged out former Wallabies captain Phil Kearns for the RA position.
Here are four areas that Castle must tackle if the sport is to thrive.
LIVE stream every stop of the World Rugby Sevens tournament on FOX SPORTS. Get your free 2-week Foxtel Now trial & start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
Camera Icon An anti Bill Pulver banner on display at Manly Oval. Picture: News Corp Australia
‘Piss it up against the wall': Regaining the grassroots' faith
Animosity towards Rugby Australia's administration has arguably never been more fierce.
Ever since Pulver told Sydney's clubs he had tightened the purse strings because they would “piss it up against the wall,” plus the predictable outcry, RA (formerly the Australian Rugby Union) faced an uphill battle overturning that image.
The messy circumstances surrounding the Force's culling meant RA has lost its national footprint and credibility too.
LISTEN: Why Raelene Castle is the right candidate - The Splash pod
SUBSCRIBE TO THE SPLASH ON iTUNES
As RA repeatedly told us throughout 2017, the return to four Super Rugby franchises was inevitable.
But the lack of transparency and the time it took to come to a conclusion was unacceptablem and RA should have foreseen the legal challenges lying in wait.
Repairing those fractured relationships, both in Western Australia and in club land, is essential for Castle to succeed.
Just as important is a change in perception.
For too long the cliche, right or wrong, of Australian rugby being the exclusive domain of private schools, has existed.
RA has smashed the gender glass ceiling with Castle's appointment and now they must continue to push into new frontiers by spreading rugby's reach in public schools, non-traditional rugby areas and among women.
An olive branch to ‘Twiggy Forrest'
Part of RA's rationale in returning to four Super Rugby franchises was because the coffers had run dry.
They were losing some $7 million dollars a year by keeping all five franchises afloat and poor results only exacerbated those financial woes.
Enter billionaire mining magnate Andrew Forrest, who in July promised to save the Force and said they had his financial backing.
But according to Pulver and RA chairman Cameron Clyne, it was too little too late.
The Force were toast and the Rebels were spared.
Since then Forrest has attempted to start the Indo Pacific Rugby Championship, with the Force at the epicentre.
But negotiations with RA, who must sign off on the competition, seem to have stalled.
Castle revealed in her first press conference that she would meet with Forrest.
“Certainly I will. I'm sure that's something that Cameron and I will do once I start in January.”
Bravo.
Australian rugby simply can't turn away from such riches.
Camera Icon Rugby Australia chairman Cameron Clyne listens as Bill Pulver speaks. Picture: AFP
How much is too much? Super Rugby salary cap dramas
The culling of the Force meant an entire squad needed to be scattered throughout the remaining four Super Rugby sides.
The Rebels have gone on a signing bonanza with many of the former Force players following their coach Dave Wessels to Melbourne.
Others, like back-rower Isi Naisarani, have joined the Brumbies, while the Reds and Waratahs were too advanced in their plans for 2018 to capitalise on the talent available.
Last month RA announced they were waiving the salary cap for 2018 to deal with the overflow of players.
Ironically, some of the money RA had hoped to save from discontinuing the Force will now be sucked up in the short-term by the elevated salary cap.
But major issues will arise in 2019 when the regular $5 million Super Rugby cap — minus Wallabies top-up payments — returns.
Jobs will undoubtedly be lost, which makes negotiations with Forrest all the more important to keep the best rugby talent in Australia.
Immediate success is the key to long-term sustainability
Undoubtedly, Australian rugby needs instant success on the field.
Australia's Super Rugby sides were pathetic in 2017, losing all 26 games against New Zealand opposition.
It wasn't that long ago though that the Reds (2011) and Waratahs (2014) won the damn thing.
Consistency is the key though, with both championship-winning sides nose diving soon after.
At this stage New Zealand rugby holds all the power.
Their Super Rugby sides have won the past three competitions, 15 consecutive Bledisloe Cups and are the back-to-back world champions.
And in 2020, SANZAAR's current broadcast rights deal will end.
At this stage, South Africa are considering packing their bags and leaving Super Rugby for the European competitions which sit in the same time zone.
That would leave Australia, New Zealand, Japan and Argentina to work out the new broadcast rights deal.
If Australia doesn't start winning, then it will be a hard sell in negotiations to walk away from the table with a significant slice of the financial pie.
New Zealand Rugby chief executive Steve Tew — who knows Castle well from her previous role as Kiwi netball supremo — has poured cold water on the idea of a trans-Tasman club competition because he thinks it will hurt the All Blacks.
It's up to Castle to help change that line of thinking.
A man's body was found Friday afternoon in a wooded area of Gulfport just off 29th Ave, between 22nd & 23rd streets. (Photo source: WLOX)
A body found in Gulfport Friday has been identified as the Pass Christian man who went missing under suspicious circumstances on Thursday.
Kenneth Charlot, 60, was found just off 29th Ave, between 22nd & 23rd streets. Pass Christian Police Chief Tim Hendricks said authorities are now investigating the death as a homicide.
Gulfport Police working a scene off 30th Ave. A man's body found in the brush area. pic.twitter.com/qdol21BOZT — Ray Price (@RayPriceWLOX) February 2, 2018
According to Harrison County Coroner Gary Hargrove, the body was found by two men who were walking down the street near the wooded area. Hargrove said the body was laying right at the edge of the woods. The coroner said the body will be taken to Jackson to the state crime lab for an autopsy.
Authorities began investigating the disappearance of Charlot, 60, after a family member went to Charlot's home on Seal Avenue Thursday evening and noticed the house did not look quite right. According to Chief Hendricks, that relative called authorities and officers were sent out to the home.
Police tape still surrounding a home in Pass Christian more than 12 hours after the initial investigation. details surrounding this case or extremely limited. pic.twitter.com/6ToiyuQNKz — Ray Price (@RayPriceWLOX) February 2, 2018
Chief Hendricks said officers did not find anyone inside Charlot's home, but they did find evidence of "suspicious circumstances" that led them to investigate further.
A few neighbors who did want to speak to me say they haven't been told much by the police. They say the man who lived in the house was "their friend" and "he didn't bother anyone." @WLOX — Ray Price (@RayPriceWLOX) February 2, 2018
Harrison County Sheriff's Office and Gulfport Police are all assisting in this investigation. Anyone with information about Charlot is asked to contact Pass Christian Police Department at 228-452-3301.
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All rights reserved.
March 31 Chengdu Yunda Technology Co Ltd :
* To use undistributed profits to pay a cash dividend of 2 yuan (pre-tax) per 10 shares to shareholders for FY 2016
* To use additional paid-in capital to distribute 10 new shares for every 10 shares
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/xDtPK5
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
How many wins will Fremantle finish on this season? The West Australian PerthNow
How many wins will Fremantle finish on this season?
PerthNow March 20, 2018 12:32PM
Topics AFL
[India], Jul 4 (ANI): The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday approved the proposal submitted by Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion, Ministry of Commerce and Industry, regarding the accession to the WIPO Copyright Treaty and WIPO Performers and Phonograms Treaty which extends coverage of copyright to the internet and digital environment.
The approval is a step towards the objective laid in the National Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) Policy adopted by the central government on May 12, 2016, which aims to get value for IPRs through commercialisation by providing guidance and support to EPR owners about commercial opportunities of e-commerce through the Internet and mobile platforms.
Meeting the demand of the copyright industries, these treaties will help India:
To enable creative right-holders enjoy the fruit of their labour, through international copyright system that can be used to secure a return on the investment made in producing and distributing creative works.
To facilitate international protection of domestic rights holder by providing them a level-playing field in other countries, as India already extends protection to foreign works through the international copyright order and these treaties will enable Indian right holders to get reciprocal protection abroad.
To instil confidence and distribute creative works in a digital environment with return on investment.
To spur business growth and contribute to the development of a vibrant creative economy and cultural landscape.
After the administration of Copyright Act 1957 was transferred to DIPP in March 2016, a study was initiated to examine the compatibility of Copyright Act 1957 with WCT and WPPT. Also, a joint study was undertaken with WIPO.
The Copyright Act, 1957 was amended in 2012 to bring it in conformity, with WCT and WPPT, and includes amendment in definition of "communication to the public" to make it applicable to digital environment (Section 2(ff)) as also introduced provisions related to technological and protection measures (Section 65A) and rights management information (Section 65B), moral rights of performers (Section 38B), exclusive rights of the performers (Section 38A) and safe harbour provisions over electronic medium (Section 52 (1) (b) and (c)).
The WIPO Copyright Treaty came in force on March 6, 2002, and has been adopted by 96 contracting parties till date and is a special agreement under "Berne Convention" (for protection of literary and artistic works).
It has provisions to extend the protection of copyrights contained therein to the digital environment.
Furthermore, it recognises the rights specific to the digital environment, of making work available, to address "on-demand" and other interactive modes of access.
The WIPO Performances and Phonograms Treaty came in force on May 20, 2002, and has 96 contracting parties as its members.
WPPT deals with rights of two kinds of beneficiaries, particularly in digital environment - (i) Performers (actors, singers, musicians etc.) (ii) Producers of Phonograms (Sound recordings). The treaty empowers right owners in their negotiations with new digital platforms and distributors. It recognises moral rights of the performers for the first time and provides exclusive economic rights to them.
Both the treaties provide a framework for creators and right owners to use technical tools to protect their works and safeguard information about their use i.e. Protection of Technological Protection Measures (TPMs) and Rights Management Information (RMI). (ANI)
× Man robs Navy Federal Credit Union with a note
HENRICO, Va. — The Navy Federal Credit Union off Glenside Drive in Henrico was robbed around 11:15 a.m. on Monday, April 17.
Henrico Police Lt. Garrett said that a white male entered the bank and passed a note to the clerk.
The clerk complied and the suspect fled on foot with undisclosed amount of money.
Police said that the suspect was a white male, with a thin build who had on a baseball cap, black sweatshirt, and blue jeans.
If you have any information about the crime, please contact Crime Stoppers at (804) 780 -1000.
May 2 Vastned Retail Belgium NV:
* Q1 rental income EUR 4.7 million ($5.13 million) versus EUR 4.5 million year ago
* Q1 operating profit EUR 3.4 million versus EUR 4.5 million year ago
* Q1 net profit EUR 3.1 million versus EUR 3.5 million year ago
* Occupancy rate as at 31 March 2017: 98 pct (98 pct as at 31 December 2016)
* Fair value investment properties at March 31 EUR 350.7 million versus EUR 350.7 million at Dec 31, 2016
* EPRA net asset value at March 31, 2017 EUR 50.85 versus EUR 50.33 at Dec 31, 2016
* As from 2017, it is anticipated that declining trend in EPRA earnings will slow down Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9167 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
GREENSBORO — To further commemorate its recent milestone of recycling 10 billion bottles, Unifi, Inc. (NYSE: UFI) is pleased to announce the recipients of the inaugural REPREVE Champions of Sustainability awards. These annual awards celebrate Unifi's brand and textile partners that share in its commitment to sustainability and vision for a better tomorrow.
“Unifi created the REPREVE Champions of Sustainability awards to recognize our brand and textile partners that have achieved plastic bottle recycling milestones as a result of their use of REPREVE performance fibers,” said Kevin Hall, Unifi chairman and CEO.
“We are proud to honor companies that exemplify leadership in sustainability, and are among those that have contributed to the more than 10 billion bottles that Unifi has recycled so far. We look forward to recognizing even more companies in the future as we work toward our goal of recycling 30 billion bottles by 2022.”
REPREVE Champions of Sustainability will be awarded to 25 brand and retail partners that have each used the equivalent of 10 million or more bottles, and 15 textile partners that have each used the equivalent of 50 million or more bottles, through the use of REPREVE fiber. A partial list of award recipients can be found by visiting REPREVE.com/champions.
“More than 70 percent of plastic bottles in the United States end up in a landfill,” Hall explained. “By creating these awards, we hope to inspire designers, customers and consumers to continue to invest in sustainability, and that together, we can make everyday life better by transforming recycled plastic bottles into the products consumers use every day.”
In addition to the bottle awards, Unifi is also introducing four special category awards:
• REPREVE Partners in Innovation recognizes companies using REPREVE in a way that's unique to the market.
• REPREVE Circular Economy recognizes companies demonstrating best-in-class use of the closed loop concept, which aims to eliminate waste throughout the product life cycle.
• REPREVE Newcomer recognizes key companies that started using REPREVE in the past year.
• REPREVE All-In recognizes companies that integrated REPREVE into their entire product line from the beginning of the partnership.
To craft the awards, Unifi partnered with The Olio, a nonprofit organization based in Winston-Salem, that focuses on teaching and empowerment through entrepreneurship, glassblowing, art and sustainable solutions. Each custom crafted award is blown by hand from glass recycled from local restaurants and bars, and sits on a base made from recycled aluminum and reclaimed wood.
Among the award recipients are Adidas, Ford Motor Company, Nike, Hanesbrands Inc., Target, and more.
Awards recognize sustainability leaders who are partnering with Unifi in protecting natural resources
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
The next time you buy a car, the dealer may ask if you want to buy, lease or subscribe. Subscribe? That's right: The auto-buying wave of the future may be getting a new car for every season.
And the trend is starting at a handful of dealers around the country.
One dealership offering this service says it's ideal for people who are quickly bored with their car, but can't afford to trade it in.
“You're going to have one monthly payment, but you are going to have access to over 20 different vehicles," said David Wyler, president of the Jeff Wyler Auto Group.
He says customers tell him they hate being stuck in the same car for four or five years, or more. With a subscription, he says, you have options.
"You get your choice of GMC Sierras, Jeep Wranglers, Jeep Cherokees, even some midline Mercedes-Benz cars and SUVs," he said.
New car for each season
For a lot of people, Wyler says, this would be a dream come true: an SUV for January, a convertible for the summer and if you need to move a student to college, a pickup truck for a couple of weeks.
Frank Wilson, the dealership's digital manager, says you can do it all from your smartphone, choosing the car you want that month, then waiting for it to be delivered to your home by valet (they also take the old one away).
Car buyer Brittany Meyer would love to swap out her Chrysler minivan.
"It's really cool, because you always want to try multiple different types of cars," she said. "Especially when you have a big car, sometimes you want a small car."
Costs and fine print
There's just one big downside: it's not cheap: $950 a month, double most car payments.
But it includes door-to-door service, all maintenance (you'll never pay for an oil change or tires) and, most importantly, they pay all insurance and taxes.
"You'll have full-coverage insurance, no matter what car you drive," Wyler explained, so that you don't have to readjust your insurance premium every couple of months based on what you are driving.
Wyler also points out that while $950 sounds like a lot of money, a five-year loan on a $50,000 SUV can cost $900 a month, if you don't make a hefty down payment. And insurance for many people is $100 a month.
We followed a valet taking a Mercedes SUV to the wife of a dealership employee, who was one of the first to sign up (and yes, they are paying the monthly fee).
"Oh, this is awesome," she said, as the SUV arrived at her home.
Trend of the future
Don't scoff: This could be how you drive a car 10 years from now.
Automotive News predicts many dealers will eventually offer a budget version, for about $400 or $500 a month. And Quartz says automakers like Volvo and Cadillac are already offering subscriptions of their own.
Budget-minded drivers in big cities are using the service Car2Go, where you just pay for a car when you need it.
Decide you are not happy with the car you just got? Decide you made a mistake? Just turn the car in and start over. That way you don't waste your money.
___________________
“Don't Waste Your Money” is a registered trademark of Scripps Media, Inc. (“Scripps”).
"Like" John Matarese on Facebook
Follow John on Twitter (@JohnMatarese)
For more consumer news and money saving advice, go to www.dontwasteyourmoney.com
March 31 Ichigo Inc :
* Says it took out 8 billion yen worth loan on March 31, with a term of 7 years
* Says it signed loan contract with commitment lines worth 14 billion yen in total, with a term of 2 years
* Says the proceeds to be used to fund acquisition of hotels
* Says it also financed 7 billion yen in total to fund development and acquisition of solar power generation station as well as the CAPEX expenses
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/Tm3eRZ
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 27 Cloudera Inc
* Cloudera announces pricing of initial public offering, marking its debut as a public company
* Pricing of its initial public offering of 15 million shares of its common stock at a price to public of $15.00 per share. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
0 Your bottled water is probably contaminated with tiny plastic particles, health experts say
That water bottle you just purchased is likely contaminated with microplastic particles, according to a new investigation from researchers at the State University of New York at Fredonia and journalism organization Orb Media.
>> Read more trending news
Through an analysis of 259 water bottles from 11 brands sold across nine countries, including the United States, scientists found 93 percent were contaminated with an average of 10.4 plastic particles per liter of water. That's twice the amount of contamination typically found in tap water.
Tests on major brands of bottled water have found that nearly all of them contained tiny particles of plastic https://t.co/24xphZnUjl #BBCNewsTen pic.twitter.com/MLw67mQp2r — BBC News (UK) (@BBCNews) March 14, 2018
Major brand names such as Aquafina, Dasani, Evian, Nestle Pure Life and San Pellegrino were among the water bottles tested.
>> Related: Do you need 8 glasses of water per day? 6 myths and truths about drinking water
"In this study, 65 percent of the particles we found were actually fragments and not fibers," lead researcher Sherri Mason told AFP.
According to the research, the plastic debris found in the water bottles included polypropylene, nylon and polyethylene terephthalate, which is used to make bottle caps. The particles are likely a result of the industrial bottling and plastic packaging process.
But the effects of these chemicals on human health, scientists say, are still unclear.
“As much as 90 percent of ingested plastic could pass through a human body, but some of it may end up lodged in the gut, or traveling through the lymphatic system, according to research by the European Food Safety Authority,” Time reported.
>> Related: Considering the water diet? Here's what you need to know
Previous research has linked synthetic chemicals often found in plastic to “certain kinds of cancer to lower sperm count to increases in conditions like ADHD and autism,” Mason said, prompting calls for further studies on the possible health implications of plastics pollution.
90% of all bottled water contains tiny plastic particles https://t.co/SY85gw2Cr0 pic.twitter.com/nUlLuvqh1D — Vala Afshar (@ValaAfshar) March 18, 2018
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Mobile Developer
A client of mine is looking for an individual to come in on a 3-6 Month Contract. This is an amazing company, they are looking to make you permanent or extend the contract. The lunch that they have is amazing and there are many added benefits to this position. Qualification:MatricAny IT related Degree or relevant experience Skills & Experience: Minimum 3+ years' experienceObjectC / SwiftC#Xamarin (advantageous)React Native Job Description:As the Mobile Developer, you will be coding for a high profile company. There are additional benefits to the job as well apply and find out. The successful candidate will be developing an application that millions of users will be on almost every day. Let us assist you with your career. Connect with us on www.communicate.co.za and Register your CV to create a profile, view IT jobs and apply. If you have not had any response in two weeks, please consider your application unsuccessful. Your profile will be kept on our database and we will connect with you with any other suitable roles or positions.We also invite you to contact us to discuss other exciting career opportunities in our niche area!For more information please call, MARISA LUDSKI on (contact number), quoting the Ref: CIT027266.
Learn more/Apply for this position
Ikea, Enterprise Rent-A-Car, and the University of Maryland Medical System have been added to a lawsuit which alleges certain companies routinely use Facebook advertisement targeting to exclude older people from job applications.
According to the Chicago Tribune, the Communications Workers of America “added claims under California's fair employment and unfair competition statutes to the lawsuit, which was initially filed in December.”
“The Communications Workers of America is suing on behalf of union members and other job seekers who allegedly missed out on employment opportunities because companies used Facebook's ad tools to target people of other ages,” the Chicago Tribune explained. “The original filing named defendants are Amazon.com Inc., Cox Media Group, Cox Communications Inc. and T-Mobile, as well as what the union estimates to be hundreds of employers and employment agencies who used Facebook's tools to filter out older job hunters when seeking to fill positions.”
“When Facebook's own algorithm disproportionately directs ads to younger workers at the exclusion of older workers, Facebook and the advertisers who are using Facebook as an agent to send their advertisements are engaging in disparate treatment,” the complaint declared.
Last year, Amazon, Verizon, Goldman Sachs, Target, and Facebook itself were accused by ProPublica of using the practice to exclude certain demographics.
Despite the fact that Washington employment lawyer Debra Katz claimed the practice was “blatantly unlawful,” Facebook disagreed, arguing it was “an accepted industry practice.”
“In the last year ProPublica has uncovered a number of different flaws in our advertising systems. Several of them were serious failures on our part. It's why we apologized and took immediate action to prevent them in future,” declared Facebook Vice President Rob Goldman in a statement. “Today ProPublica has raised new concerns about companies, including our own marketing team, using Facebook to show recruitment ads to specific age groups. We have carefully reviewed their concerns — and this time we disagree.”
“First, our own advertisements. Facebook tailors our employment ads by audience. For example, we may use pictures of women or older people depending on the context. These individual ads are part of broader-based recruitment efforts designed to reach all ages and all backgrounds,” Goldman expressed. “We completely reject the allegation that these advertisements are discriminatory.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BOGOTA, Colombia (AP) — It was a hostile homecoming for former guerrilla leader Rodrigo Londono as he campaigned for Colombia's presidency in the coffee-growing region he abandoned four decades ago to join the rebels.
Londono's trip to his hometown of La Tebaida on Saturday was touted by his supporters as a chance to canvass for votes with a message of hope and justice for the poor.
But it was nearly wrecked before even beginning when he was chased out of the nearby city of Armenia a day earlier.
A video circulating on social media showed the moment when Londono, wearing bulletproof vest, had to be hurried out of a building by his nervous bodyguards past a small group of hecklers waiting for him. Later, riot police had to be called in to control an angry mob that to shouts of "assassin" and "rapist" pelted his armored SUV with eggs and violently ripped off a plastic spoiler from the roof.
Advertisement
Londono, who is better known by his nom de guerre Timochenko, dismissed the incidents as the work of a small group of right-wing extremists bent on sabotaging implementation of the 2016 peace accord between the government and his Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia.
"The smear campaign of the last 50 years produces these consequences," he said in a statement. "It's understandable that people have prejudices. But little by little we will get our message across and change those impressions."
While the former guerrillas have kept their promise to disarm, many Colombians are reluctant to turn a page on a conflict that left at least 250,000 dead, another 60,000 missing and more than 7 million displaced. Polls show support for Timochenko ahead of the presidential election in May hovering in the low single digits.
The nation's once-largest rebel group is now known as the Common Alternative Revolutionary Force, keeping its Spanish FARC acronym, and is guaranteed 10 seats in congress.
Timochenko secretly visited his birthplace once before since the peace agreement was signed. But his trip to La Tebaida Saturday was his first public visit to the town and his speech to a few dozen residents was peppered with references to the mistreatment of peasants he witnessed as the son of a communist shopkeeper growing up in a rural area engulfed by political violence.
"In this corner of the earth carved out by axes and machetes was where I perceived that things weren't going so well for the common people," he said in prepared remarks. "Here the inconformity of my elders laid deep roots and taught me that I must fight if I want to see change."
(It's even extended to such unlikely fare as "The Real Housewives of New York," where one on-the-nose subplot on the most recent season involved the Hillary lament of one of its more "woke" ladies, Carole Radziwill.)
Finally, in the case of "Queer Eye," the old show (which even won an Emmy way back when) always did lean toward the small-p political, with then-president George W. Bush referencing it in one formal address; for many Americans, it marked the first time a gay person regularly came into their living rooms, let alone five.
A voice-over in the new Netflix version sets the parameters right off the top: "The original show was fighting for tolerance. Our fight is for acceptance."
Cue a parade of emotionally honest moments, ones that reach more catharsis than one might expect, including one powerful episode built around a cop in the Deep South.
Over the course of the Queer Eye treatment, the officer enters into a conversation with the one Black member of the cast: about policing, Black Lives Matter, etc.
It's organic and nuanced, and probably more useful than a million related discussions on cable news, with the cop conceding at episode's conclusion that the experience "changed my heart."
Disarming prejudices. Shushing those negative voices within. Unsticking bad habits. All this and game-changing pedicures! The series goes there. And there. And there.
OK, so, the new guys to the rescue:
There is Jonathan, he of the Rapunzel hair and the new-gen Richard Simmons razzmatazz, the one who will casually refer to a car as a "she" and, at one point, declares that his dream man is someone "who has the body of the Rock" and the personality of "Justin Trudeau, the prime minister of Canada." He's the grooming expert in the bunch.
There is Antoni, who actually does hail from Canada and has a bit of doppelganger thing going on with Jonathan Groff (in an alternate reality, Groff decided to give up hunting serial killers on his own Netflix series, "Manhunter," to teach people how to make "guac" and hold forth on the glories of "sharp cheddar").
Antoni is, if you hadn't figured it out, the food guy of the series, a Strokes T-shirt-wearing foodie who has the strongest connection to the origin story of the show, having once worked as the personal chef for Queer Eye OG Ted Allen.
Then there's the taut-bodied, silver-haired guy who goes by Tan; he's the clothing savant. ("This is a Bob Saget classic," he quips about one guy's dated shirt). Oh yeah, he's a Muslim ... married to a Mormon.
Next up: Bobby, a kind of gay everyman who grew up on a farm in Missouri and is the design go-to in the series.
In a scene that stood out to me, he takes one guy to a scrapyard to throw out a way-past-its-due-date recliner. (The recliner is a metaphor for the staidness of the dude's life; when he throws it out it's akin to the scene at the end of "The Devil Wears Prada" when Anne Hathaway throws out her cellphone. Hurrah!)
And, finalement, we've got Karamo. A father of two, his suaveness is possibly only bested by his ability to listen.
The so-called "culture guy" on the show, he also operates as a kind of life-coach at large, the Iyanla Vanzant of the group. (The dude is no stranger to reality TV: Karamo was the first openly gay man on MTV's "The Real World" back in 2004.)
Can you teach an old dog new tricks? That remains the central question of the show.
You betcha: the answer that it gives again and again as it takes on a bevy of "patients," both straight and gay.
And, yup, that includes one guy who is deeply devoted to his Crocs and another who enjoys a daily dose of what he calls a "red neck margarita," with Mountain Dew.
Using the building blocks of fashion, food, hair, design and self-knowledge, the show's cast manages to do its thing, all while dodging some of the criticism sometimes lobbed at its earlier incarnation, that of "the magical gay elves" premise. The new Netflix series is more expansive, less parochial.
Its only hocus-pocus, perhaps?
The same school of personal development that has held North American culture in a trance for decades: from Dale Carnegie's "How to Win Friends and Influence People" to Norman Vincent Peale's "The Power of Positive Thinking" to the tao of Oprah.
It's the magical thinking of self-improvement.
"Queer Eye" debuts Feb. 7 on Netflix.
Toronto Star
A mystery Euromillions winner has become a millionaire without ever touching a ticket.
The lucky man from Londonderry, scooped the life-changing prize of £1,000,000 in the special EuroMillions UK Millionaire Maker draws on Friday 13 April 2018.
EuroMillions UK Millionaire Maker guarantees to create two millionaires in every draw but with the special EuroMillions draw on Friday 13 April, thirteen UK millionaires were created. For every EuroMillions line played, UK players automatically receive a UK Millionaire Maker code printed on their ticket.
According to a statement from the National Lottery, Mr M played EuroMillions through national-lottery.co.uk and has become one of over eight million players that win each week on The National Lottery's range of games.
Andy Carter, Senior Winners' Advisor at The National Lottery, said, “Huge congratulations to Mr M for winning this fantastic prize without even touching a ticket – after a few simple clicks he has become a millionaire! With many people leading busy lives, playing online is becoming increasingly popular. It means you can make sure your lucky numbers are always in the draw and your ticket is always checked.”
At national-lottery.co.uk, players can buy tickets for all of The National Lottery's draw-based games including Lotto, EuroMillions and Thunderball. Once they have registered and set up an account, they can also play a range of online Instant Win Games.
The National Lottery changes the lives of winners as well as communities across the UK – players raise around £30M for National Lottery-funded projects every week.
Britain's continuing success in the global aerospace market depends on a customs deal that preserves friction-free cross-border trade.
Commenting on UK aerospace deliveries for April 2018, ADS chief executive Paul Everitt added that it is vital for the UK and EU to reach an agreement on a customs deal with no new burdens that could threaten future growth. According ADS, April 2018 saw 96 aircraft deliveries worth up to £2bn to UK industry. Total deliveries for 2018 currently stand at 406, with a total value to the UK of up to £7.5bn. ADS added that industry forecasts put the aerospace sector on track to deliver over 1700 aircraft this year, which is ahead of 2017's total of 1498, which was worth £29bn to the UK companies.
April saw 146 orders placed, pushing the 2018 total to 469, the largest number at this point in the year since 2014. Widebody aircraft have seen 127 orders in the year to date, an especially strong performance that promised a future economic boost to the UK of £6bn as the orders are fulfilled.
Everitt said: “The global aerospace industry continues to grow to meet strong international demand for modern, efficient and technologically advanced aircraft. We expect 2018 will see a new record for deliveries, bringing billions of pounds in economic benefit to the UK.
“As production continues to be stepped up in the years to come, we must make sure we maximise our ability to compete for new investment in capacity to produce more of the wings, engines, avionics and other critical components we make so successfully today.
“April's aircraft deliveries were worth up to £2bn to UK industry, but creating new burdens for business under a “maximum facilitation” customs arrangement could cost our four sectors up to a combined £2.3bn a year.”
CLICK HERE FOR MORE AEROSPACE NEWS
By September, the players making up the very first Vegas Golden Knights amputee team hope to have a scrimmage in place – perhaps against the Anaheim Ducks amputees.
Scroll for more content...
For the last few months, men who have lost a limb have been practicing "Sled Hockey" on the ice over at City National Arena.
The difference in Sled Hockey: players are sitting on a sled with a large skate blade fastened to its underbelly. And players carry a shortened hockey stick in each hand using the blade end to hit the puck and the other end to dig into the ice to get the sled moving.
"I think it's very challenging, I think it's a way to be part of the community and have fun...bring some other amputees in. Sometimes people who get injuries or develop cancer or something like that tend to think that life is over," said player Lawrence Salerno. He lost his leg after a bout with cancer and has only taken up Sled Hockey within the last couple months.
The Vegas Golden Knights Foundation spent $15,000 on sleds and protective gear to gauge interest from the disabled community and find a way to connect all those who want to play to the sport. The rules of Sled Hockey are very similar to the traditional game. Several other pro teams, including the LA Kings, Arizona Coyotes, and Colorado Avalanche all have amputee teams.
Senior Software Developer (.NET)
Senior .NET Developer – up to R75,000 CTC
International consultancy based in Cape Town, looking for an experienced C#Developer to join their expanding team on a permanent in-house basis.
Perks:
They offer an open plan, agile work environment and work on the latest projects using the newest technologies.
Other perks such as FREE gym, FREE lunches, modern offices, location allows you to avoid traffic, flexi hours, quarterly teambuilding events, “non corporate environment”, and more is on offer for the successful candidate!
Responsibilities:
Your main focus will be on assissting with client project development and integration based at the office. The opportunity to grow within the company into a manager role exists for ambitious individuals who are keen to further progress on a professional level.
The candidate would be:
The right candidate will have a passion for coding, as well as a creative mindset. Knowledge of C#, ASP, MVC and SQL is essential. Other skills such as JavaScript, Bootstrap and React would be beneficial.
This is an opportunity not to be missed, you will be working under some of the best in the business, using the latest technologies.
If you would like the opportunity to work with like-minded, Microsoft professionals in an environment where you can grow on a personal as well as professional level, apply now!
I have a strong relationship with this client so I'm able to arrange interviews on short notice. Send an up to date CV to (email address) or call me on (contact number) for more information on how to secure this position.
As the global leader in .NET recruitment, Nigel Frank International are the sole supplier to this client. We lead the way in .NET recruitment and deal with some of the biggest Microsoft partners throughout the industry, some of which use us exclusively to recruit high caliber candidates due to our understanding of the market.
Learn more/Apply for this position
YASH Technologies, a leading global consulting, technology, and outsourcing company has been recognized as one of India's best workplaces for 2018, by the Great Place to Work Institute. YASH's focus on building a unique organizational culture that fosters collaboration, trust and diversity have contributed to its strong performance.
Manoj Baheti, Founder & CEO, YASH Technologies said, “Listening to the voice of our employees and adapting to the same, are important facets of the environment that we have fostered within YASH. It is a matter of satisfaction that YASH is a Great Place to Work, four years in a row. With strong mentorship and an open style of communication, the talent pool at YASH is amongst the most motivated and engaged. Harnessing this momentum, we will strive to be the employer of choice in the Industry.”
In addition to its people-centric culture, YASH focusses on building accessible and approachable organizational leadership and enhancing the spirit of celebration among its associates, ensuring that teams work cohesively.
Bala Navuluri, COO, YASH Technologies said, “YASH is known for its High-performance culture and a passionate team that addresses challenging situations with confidence. We feel happy that we are among a handful of IT Services companies that made it to this prestigious listing, this year. This recognition is a strong vote of confidence and pride that our employees have for YASH. Getting recognized continually as a GPTW is a testimony to the levels of engagement, collaboration, and camaraderie within YASH.”
Highlighting the consistent focus on improving people management practices at YASH, there have been significant improvements in many of the parameters that are measured every year.
Commenting on the announcement, Dharmendra Jain, CFO & Head-HR, YASH Technologies said, “Emphasis on identifying & retaining high potentials, strong career management practices and accent on learning in combination with fun events and celebrations, has ensured that YASH is one of the most sought-after workplaces in the Industry. We have built a diverse and inclusive workforce on the bedrock of market leading policies and practices. Being recognized as a GPTW, four years in a row is a re-iteration of the employee-centric approach at YASH.”
Great Place to Work® Institute is a global research, consulting and training firm that helps organizations find, create and sustain great workplaces through the development of high-trust workplace cultures.
For more information about YASH Technologies, please visit www.yash.com or email [email protected].
Former Vice President Joe Biden offered a scathing indictment of Donald Trump and his administration Thursday night, suggesting the President is leading the US “down a very dark path” of geopolitical decline.
“We really worry that we're walking down a very dark path. It's not alarmist. We're walking down a very dark path that isolates the United States on the world stage and, as a consequence, endangers — not strengthens — endangers American interests and the American people,” Biden said.
Biden, who was being honored with the Center for Strategic and International Studies' Zbigniew Brzezinski Annual Prize, referred to Trump by name only a handful of times in his blistering condemnation — a strategy he, former President Barack Obama, former first lady Michelle Obama and others have used to criticize the 45th President.
However, his condemnation was unmistakeably pointed. Biden portrayed Trump as a “charlatan” who had preyed on America's worst ills to gain the Oval Office and was threatening to undo decades of precedent and the alliances that the US has forged.
“The appeal to populism and nationalism is a siren song, a way for charlatans to aggrandize their power, raise themselves up, break down those mechanisms that are designed within our Constitution and internationally to limit the abuse of power and destabilize the world,” Biden said. He later denounced Trump's attacks on the press and the courts.
Biden lambasted Trump's speech to the United Nations General Assembly, in which he called North Korea's Kim Jong-un “rocket man” and threatened to “totally destroy” that nation if forced to defend the US or its allies.
“Trading insults. Deploying taunting nicknames. Promising to ‘totally destroy' a country of 25 million people. Such erratic action only worsens the crisis and rejects the possibility of diplomacy and actively increases the risk of conflict,” Biden said. He suggested that the rhetoric was reminiscent of those that preceded World Wars I and II.
“To stand in the well of the General Assembly and wave the flag of narrow nationalism while warning of a future vulnerable to ‘decay, dominion and defeat' marks a dangerous revision of political small-mindedness that led the world to consume itself in two world wars in the last century, and it abandons America's hard-won position as the indispensable nation, as a leader that inspires more than fear,” Biden said.
On reports that Trump intends to “decertify” the Iran nuclear deal, Biden said the move would isolate the US, not Iran. Moreover, that action, coupled with the US exit from the Paris climate accord and the Trans-Pacific Partnership, could cause the rest of the world to “(call) into question what the word of the United States is actually worth.”
Biden slammed Trump for his repeated refusal to condemn Russia's interference in the US political process.
“So far, President Trump has been unwilling to call out (Russian President Vladimir) Putin for Russia's meddling, even in our own democratic process, or criticize his action,” he said. “Think of that. Think of the signal it sends around the world for God's sake.”
Speaking more generally, Biden painted a picture of an administration in foreign policy disarray, citing their “ideological incoherence, inconsistent and confusing messaging, erratic decision-making, unwillingness or inability to solve problems caused by understaffing.”
“When's the last time, in the State Department, you can stand on the seventh floor and yell and hear an echo?”
“For as long as I've been in politics, the United States has earned the respect of the world when we've led with our values. We haven't been perfect by any stretch of the imagination … but on balance, the world has always looked to us, believing that we mean what we say even if we don't always live up to it,” Biden said, almost shouting.
“It's irresponsible. It's this brand of zero-sum thinking that I find the most disturbing and dangerous,” he added.
“Rather than building a shared narrative of freedom and democracy that inspires nations to unite in common goals, this administration casts global affairs in a dog-eat-dog competition, like it's a competition — who gets that plot to build the new high-rise building,” Biden said, dinging Trump's background as a real-estate developer.
Biden said it was essential for the US not only to remember its core values but to advocate for them.
“Think of all who came, and all those who came, before you! They had courage. They had a sense of optimism. They were persistent. That's who the hell we are!” he said. “Treating everyone with dignity without exception, respecting the rule of law, modeling an unassailable commitment to freedom of speech and freedom of the press.”
“We can't let the current distractions keep us from keeping an eye on the horizon as well,” he added, suggesting that he and Obama could be increasingly likely to speak out against Trump.
“I really feel incredibly strongly that the women and men sitting before me, who have been the intellectual backbone of the foreign policy establishment in this country for decades, have to start to speak out,” he said. “President Obama and I have been very quiet and respectful, giving the administration time. Some of these roots are being sunk too deeply. I believe it's time to challenge some of the dangerous assumptions that are attempting to replace that liberal world order.”
AN AUSTRALIAN man who lost his daughter to a dangerous cult — whose members are accused of sexually exploiting young women — has told of his struggle to win her back.
Camilla Wageman was a promising young law student at the Australian National University when she was approached by recruiters from group Providence, also known as Jesus Morning Star.
Camera Icon Former ANU student Camilla Wageman defends cult leader Jeong Myeong-seok in a promotional video. Picture: Supplied
The leader of the South Korean-based Christian sect, Jeong Myeong-seok, is a self-proclaimed Messiah — and a convicted rapist.
Former female cult members were told they could be purified by becoming his “spiritual brides” and having sex with him, ABC's 7.30 reports.
Camilla Wageman's father, Gerry, told 7.30 he had no idea his daughter was involved in the cult until he recognised her in an item broadcast on SBS current affairs show The Feed.
He said he felt “a sense of disbelief and a realisation that I really had lost my daughter”.
Mr Wageman told the ABC Camilla, who appeared in apromotional video for the cult in defence of its controversial leader, had “adopted a new family”.
Camera Icon Gerry Wageman had no idea his daughter had joined the cult until he saw her on TV. Picture: Supplied
Contact with his daughter is limited to the occasional email or phone call and the subject of Providence is off-limits, he told 7.30.
Desperate for more information on the cult, Mr Wagemen contacted anti-cult activist and academic Peter Daley, who has researched the sinister cult.
He told 7.30 Providence was created to serve the needs of convicted rapist Jeong Myeong-seok.
He first encountered the group when he arrived in South Korea in 2003.
The church, he told the ABC, “seemed to place importance on really beautiful women”.
Camera Icon Jeong Myeong-seok founded the Providence cult in 1982. Picture: Supplied
“The leader wasn't there. He was a fugitive,” Mr Daley said. “But his brother was there, and he was surrounded by an entourage of women who looked like they had stepped out of a magazine. It's a strange thing for a church to be focusing on.”
Ros Hodgkins, who founded the Cult Information and Family Support after her own daughter became involved in a sect, told the ABC recruiters were cunning in the way they targeted vulnerable young people.
“All of these cults use a very similar way of recruitment and that is by putting on fun activities, by looking wonderful on the outside.
“And they don't disclose exactly what those people are going to end up having to believe andhow they're having to behave.”
When contacted by the ABC, both Providence and Camilla Wageman rejected all allegations made against them.
& Kashmir) [India], Dec 12 (ANI): Three army jawans went missing at Mani Post Bagtoor Gurez sector of Line of Control (LoC) in Jammu and Kashmir's Bandipora district due to snow avalanche.
They went missing after the night temperature at most places in Kashmir division, including Ladakh, dropped last night.
Pir Panjal range in Rajouri and Srinagar continued to receive season's first snowfall, while the Mughal road and the Jammu-Srinagar National Highway has been closed for traffic due to snowfall in the region.
Meanwhile, Solang valley in Manali of Himachal Pradesh also received fresh snowfall. The Met Department had earlier said that a western disturbance would affect the state from December 11. (ANI)
Juneau's Docks and Harbors board has given the green light for firefighters to burn down the former Thane Ore House restaurant. The 35-year-old former attraction is being razed to make way for a Alaska Native cultural immersion park.
The result was an end to the Patriots' 14-game road winning streak, hardly a great springboard into what's a short week before a showdown in Pittsburgh on Sunday that will likely go a long way toward deciding the top seed in the AFC playoffs.
"They did a good job tonight," Patriots coach Bill Belichick said of the Dolphins, before the rest of his postgame availability became mostly a collage of short, mumbled answers. "They obviously did a better job than we did. We just weren't really good enough in any area, consistent enough in any area to win the game. We all need to do a better job and hopefully we'll be able to do that. This wasn't good enough tonight, across the board."
Brady didn't have his first completion until the second quarter, after missing on his first four throws — one of which was intercepted. The Dolphins went after him all night, never letting him get into rhythm. With no running game and no Rob Gronkowski, serving a one-game suspension over an unnecessary hit he doled out last week, the Patriots needed Brady to be exceptional.
"I've got to throw the ball better," Brady said. "That's where it starts."
The Patriots being the Patriots, they nearly pulled off a comeback from a 27-10 third-quarter deficit anyway. Brady connected with James White for a 3-yard scoring throw early in the fourth, and the Patriots got to the Miami 1 in the final moments. But a pair of penalties pushed them back to the 16, and Stephen Gostowski's 33-yard field goal with 53 seconds left got New England within a touchdown.
That left an onside kick to decide matters. The low-percentage play didn't work, and Belichick was asked afterward what happened.
"They recovered it," Belichick said, then shrugging.
On a night where the Patriots had few answers, at least that one was succinct.
"I wish we played better," Brady said. "But we didn't."
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Tim Reynolds, The Associated Press
[India], May 31 (ANI): Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad announced that the Centre will provide Rs. 3 crore for setting up an incubation centre at IIT-BHU to promote Purvanchali languages.
While addressing a press conference on the achievements of the Modi government in its four years in office, Prasad said, "The government will provide Rs 3 crore for setting up an incubation centre at IIT-BHU where Purvanchali languages like Awadi, Bhojpuri, Maithili, and Magahi can be studied in digital form."
Apart from this, the Union Minister said that an Income Tax Appellate Tribunal will be established within a month in Varanasi, so that those having any dispute can appeal at the tribunal and don't need to travel to places like Allahabad and Lucknow. He said under the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) rule, the government has remained transparent and corruption-free. Prasad further underscored that the development of youth and farmers is necessary for the country's progress and that the BJP-led Centre was making all needed efforts in this direction. Prasad further underlined that the government is also mulling ways to strengthen the education system in the state. (ANI)
March 30 Facebook Inc:
* Made some updates to branded content policy based on direct feedback from publishing partners
* Now allow logos, watermarks, graphical overlays to persist throughout a video
* Any page can now submit an application to gain access to the branded content tool
* Previously, had prohibited logos, watermarks, graphical overlays from appearing in first three seconds of a video - blog
* Pages that post branded content in violation of our policies will get a notification letting them know what needs to be corrected
* Updating the branded content tag to include the word ‘paid' in the post
* Will no longer remove posts violating policies; instead, those posts will still appear on publisher's page, but be hidden from news feed Source text: (bit.ly/2mTcTQN) Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
AUSTRALIA'S housing market is slowing after years of rapid growth, but the value of the nation's 10 million homes is nearing $7 trillion, taking the average home price to $686,700.
Residential property prices in the eight capital cities rose five per cent in the year to December, slower than the 8.3 per cent annual growth rate achieved three months earlier, according to the Australian Bureau of Statistics.
The total value of Australia's 10 million dwellings rose by $92.9 billion to $6.9 trillion, after passing the $6 trillion mark in June, 2016.
Camera Icon Sydney house prices fell fractionally in the December quarter but grew 3.8 per cent last year.
"The results are in line with market indicators like falling auction clearance rates, and point to a continued moderation in annual property price growth across a number of Australia's capital cities," ABS chief economist Bruce Hockman said.
Sydney property prices fell 0.1 per cent In the December quarter, Melbourne prices rose 2.6 per cent, Brisbane gained 0.9 per cent, Adelaide added 0.6 per cent, Perth rose 1.1 per cent, Hobart lifted 3.9 per cent, Darwin fell 1.5 per cent, and Canberra rose 1.7 per cent.
In the year to December, property price growth was strongest in Hobart (13.1 per cent), followed by Melbourne (10.2 per cent) and Canberra (5.7 per cent).
Sydney prices rose 3.8 per cent in 2017, reflecting tighter regulatory conditions and the resulting slowdown in investor credit growth.
Adelaide had a yearly gain of 3.6 per cent, and Brisbane rose 2.1 per cent.
Darwin recorded the biggest yearly fall at 6.3 per cent, and Perth prices were down 1.7 per cent.
The global community has spoken loud and clear: more resources must be mobilised to end extreme poverty and mitigate the effects of climate change. Blended finance - an approach to mix different forms of capital in support of development - is emerging as an important solution to help raise resources for the Sustainable Development Goals in developing countries. But scaling up blended finance without a good understanding of its risks could have unintended consequences for development co-operation providers. This report presents a comprehensive assessment of the state and priorities for blended finance as it is being used to support sustainable development in developing countries. It describes concepts and definitions, presents an overview of actors and instruments, and discusses lessons learned from blending approaches, tracking and data, and monitoring and evaluation. Its findings and recommendations are useful for policymakers and practitioners.
'Blended finance will contribute to faster economic growth, but to achieve this it is vital to get donors into alignment.'
Martin Wolf, Chief Economics Commentator, Financial Times
'Official development assistance continues to be a key way to finance efforts aimed at eradicating extreme poverty. However, the challenge is more than governments alone can manage. We must all think, work, finance and deliver development differently to mobilize private-sector resources and expertise to help the world's poorest and most vulnerable people. Canada continues to promote innovative approaches to finance development and achieve sustainable growth for everyone.'
The Honourable Marie-Claude Bibeau, Canada's Minister of International Development and La Francophonie.
JAMES Milner has set a new record for most assists in a Champions League campaign, while the Reds front three have outscored every other team in the competition themselves this season.
Its Champions League Extra Time!
MILNER BREAKS ASSISTS RECORD
Liverpool midfielder James Milner is now the unlikely holder of the record for most assists in a single Champions League campaign.
The Reds veteran is the first ever to register 9 assists, after his 68th minute corner was headed home by Roberto Firmino in a 5-2 semi-final first leg victory over Roma.
Milner now moves past previous record holders Wayne Rooney and Neymar who had set the previous mark of 8 under the current format introduced in 2003-04.
Most assists:
9 James Milner (Liverpool), 701mins, 2017/18
8= Wayne Rooney (Manchester United), 765mins, 2013/14
8= Neymar (Barcelona), 797mins, 2016/17
7= Roberto Firmino (Liverpool), 879mins, 207/18
7= Ryan Giggs (Manchester United), 605mins, 2006/07
7= Zlatan Ibrahimović (Paris Saint-Germain), 793mins, 2012/13
7= Xavi Hernández (Barcelona), 971mins, 2008/09
FIRMINO EQUAL FASTEST TO 10
Not to be outdone, Firmino has grabbed his own piece of Champions League history!
The Brazilian striker has become the equal fastest player to 10 goals in the competition's history, with his brace against Roma seeing him equal Adriano's mark.
Firmino has 10 goals in 11 matches in the tournament this season, also putting him equal with Mohamed Salah as the equal highest ever scorer in a European campaign for Liverpool.
The pair is only the second ever to both hit double figures for the same team in a Euro season – the other being Lionel Messi and Neymar for Barcelona in 2014-15.
Additionally, Firmino now has 50 goals in all competitions this season!
THE BIG THREE
The Reds rampant front three of Firmino, Salah and Sadio Mane have outscored every other club in the Champions League this season.
Between them, the trio have found the net a jaw dropping 28 times in the competition this campaign, while the next best club return (after their Reds) has been PSG with 27!
Real Madrid are hot on their heels having played one less match, sitting on 26 and they will face Bayern Munich in a semi-final tomorrow morning.
Against Roma, the ‘fab three' scored all five goals with Salah and Firmino snaring two apiece while Mane chipped in with one.
Camera Icon Liverpool's Mohamed Salah (C) celebrates with Roberto Firmino and Sadio Mane (R) Picture: AFP
LINESMAN'S AWFUL START
It was a shocking start to proceedings at Anfield for the far side linesman.
The official had a shocker as his flag fell loose onto the floor unable to be re-attached – luckily for him, the action on the park didn't bring the broken flag into use.
The fourth official then came over in the hope of piecing the flag back together, and eventually it was back in working order.
Luckily in time for him to correctly rule Sadio Mane offside just after the half hour mark.
CAIRO GOES NUTS FOR MO
Footage has emerged of Egyptian football fans watching closely as Liverpool took on Roma.
As local superstar Mo Salah starred and found the net, their reaction was wonderful to watch.
Salah nabbed two goals and two assists as the Reds romped to a 5-2 first leg win at Anfield.
NEW Zealand Rugby is coming under fire from local media over the decision to block Brumbies bound backrower Pete Samu from playing for the Wallabies in June.
A day after the Melbourne born Crusaders star signed with the Brumbies for 2019 and 2020, Wallabies coach Michael Cheika had hoped to select Samu in his squad for the three Test series against Ireland.
But NZR has not yet given Rugby Australia their blessing to pick Samu — who is eligible for but not wanted by the All Blacks — because of his contract with the Crusaders and Tasman.
“We have received a request from Rugby Australia and we're in discussions, but nothing has been decided yet,” said Chris Lendrum, NZR's head of professional rugby.
The situation follows a similar standoff between NZR and England over Hurricanes loose forward Brad Shields for the series against the Springboks in June.
Ultimately, NZR gave their blessing for Shields to be selected, but said they were “extremely disappointed” that England took the “unusual step in seeking this release given that Brad has not yet played rugby in England.”
NEW PODCAST! Irish great Jamie Heaslip and Wallabies legend Tim Horan join the show to preview the blockbuster June series and share some ripping yarns along the way
Subscribe to the podcast on iTunes by CLICKING HERE
Senior NZ Herald journalist Gregor Paul took aim at NZR over the Samu standoff.
“Again, just as was the case with Shields, NZR face accusations of pettiness and spite should they deny Samu's request,” Paul wrote before the Wallabies squad — sans Samu — was announced.
Crusaders coach Scott Robertson and chief executive Hamish Riach both gave their blessing for Samu — currently sidelined with concussion — to be picked to play Ireland.
“He's going to be a Wallaby at some stage isn't he?
“If that's in June good on him — he's an Australian who wants to play for Australia,” Robertson said.
“He's good enough to be a Wallaby.”
Added Riach: “He's Australian, he's committed to the Brumbies next year, the Wallabies want him and he's clearly going to play international rugby for the Wallabies at some point.
“So we're quite happy for that to be sooner rather than later.”
NZR are, however, within their rights to refuse Samu's release because he signed ‘schedule three' which restricts him to playing for Kiwi sides.
“He will be free of his contractual obligations with the Crusaders once they are knocked out — or have won Super Rugby — and therefore available to the Wallabies for the Rugby Championship,” Paul wrote.
“Hence the feeling NZR would be petty to deny him the opportunity to play for Australia in June.”
It's not as if Australia haven't thrown the Kiwis a bone recently either.
Last year, Tyrel Lomax — the son of former Raiders and Kiwis league prop John — told the Rebels that he wished to return to NZ and wanted to play for the All Blacks.
An Australian under-20s prop, Lomax was well and truly on Cheika's Test radar.
But not only did the Rebels release Lomax with a year left on his contract, they also did not ask for compensation and allowed him to play for Tasman and the Highlanders.
Who encouraged Trump to continue tweeting? Plus, Cam Newton apologizes! And more in today's Hollywood Stories with Christine Lee!
Trump's ex-wife, Ivana, said he asked her if he should whether or not he should tweet. And she encouraged him to do it. He also offered her an ambassadorship to the Czech Republic.
Cam Newton put out a video apologizing for sexist comments to the female reporter. The video only came after he lost his yogurt sponsorship.
Producer Harvey Weinstein is being accused of sexually harassing several women over the last three decades, including Rose McGowan and Ashley Judd. He said the allegations are false, but he also apologized and said he's working on improving himself. But obviously not physically.
Greatest interviewer ever! She's on the British equivalent of The Today Show – it's called This Morning; she's the entertainment reporter. She's interviewing Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford for Blade Runner 2049 and she starts the interview by saying, “Bleak, dystopian, and an absolute nightmare, to be honest with you. That's just my interview techniques. So let's talk about the movie.”
Guy Verhofstadt, European Parliament's chief Brexit negotiator, sits for an interview with Reuters in New York, U.S., January 23, 2017 while promoting his book ''Europe's Last Chance''. REUTERS/Daniel Bases
BRUSSELS The two-year Brexit negotiations should produce a divorce deal as well as an "agreement on general terms" of the future relationship between the EU of 27 and London, the European Parliament's chief negotiator said on Wednesday.
While a detailed trade agreement between Britain and the EU would not be possible in such a short time, a "general framework", giving an idea of what a more detailed deal could look like, was something the EU would pursue, he said.
"What is needed in the framework of these two years is the withdrawal agreement plus also an agreement on the general terms of the future relationship," the parliament's chief Brexit negotiator Guy Verhofstadt told a news conference.
(Reporting by Gabriela Baczynska)
Nottingham Symphonic Wind Orchestra will be returning to Thoresby Riding Hall for a concert later this year.
NSWO is one of the leading amateur wind orchestras in the UK and is celebrating its 30th anniversary in 2018.
Guided by musical director Keiron Anderson, highlights over the years have included broadcasts on Radio 3 and Classic FM.
Concerts are given in support of charity with over £100,000 raised since 1987. In 2018 NSWO is supporting Maggie's (Nottingham).
NSWO will be at Thoresby Riding Hall for an exciting afternoon of musical Heroes and Villains.
The concert takes place on Sunday, May 13, starting at 3pm.
Tickets are £10 (under 14s £5) from Windblowers on 0115 9410543 and the box office on 01623 822009. (Donation to Maggie's.)
For more see www.nottinghamsymphonicwinds.org.uk
Seriously in LOVE with Tim + Faith, and their new song is by far my favorite. The adorable couple not only dropped their new tune today, but also announced the release date for their first ever duet album, titled The Rest of Our Life, out Nov 11th READ MORE
The country duo will bring their Soul2Soul tour to the BB&T center Oct. 19th. Register to win your tickets online now, or listen to win next weekend Oct 14th-15th.
KNOXVILLE (WATE) – No one wants to start out a new year in debt, but in 2016, credit card debt and auto loans drove up household bills for millions of people.
Similar to a new year's weight loss plan, paying off debt requires dedication, determination and persistence. Just think about what happens to those who crash diet, but then fail after a few weeks. Debt reduction works in the same manner; brief bouts of deprivation only make things worse.
Here are a few smart ways to pay off debt fast this new year.
If you desperately want a way out of debt, you have to cut down on your use of your credit cards. The more you swipe, the more the balance climbs. Start by setting up a spending plan and building an emergency fund to get you through those tough situations without having to resort to debt.
Pay as much money as you can afford to pay down your debt each month. Once you have an emergency fund intact, use any extra money you have at your disposal to put toward debt, even if it's only a few dollars. The more you pay, the faster you'll get out of debt. Did you work some overtime last week? Use that to lower your debt.
Make cuts to your spending. This may be tough to accomplish. You'll have to take a good look at where your money is going and separate the necessities from the mere wants. You can't cut every single expense in the book by 75 percent, however, you can go without the daily trips to the local coffee shop. Over time, savings can add up and can dig you out of the hole quicker than you probably expected.
Tackle those debts with the highest interest rates first. Although some prefer the debt snowball method, which suggests that you pay the debts with the lowest balances first to build momentum, it's wiser to get those with the higher interest rates out of the way first.
If you've paid off one credit card, now start doubling up on payments. You need to keep the momentum going by allocating those funds that are now freed up to the next balance in line.
Don't sacrifice the things you love the most. Paying off debt may require you to make a few lifestyle changes, however, if you have a difficult time adjusting to new circumstances, implement gradual changes so the process won't become too overwhelming.
UPDATE 1-Canada household debt-to-income ratio dips, but near record high
OTTAWA, June 14 Canadian household debt as a share of income dipped in the first quarter but remained near record highs, Statistics Canada said on Wednesday in a report likely to reinforce concerns that consumers are becoming overly indebted.
IT was the day men and boys in woollen swimsuits became heroes as they fought the ocean and the sand was littered with casualties.
In a scene of “indescribable panic” 80 years ago three freak waves barrelled into Bondi Beach and swept about 200 hundred swimmers out to sea on what is known as Black Sunday .
There were no helicopters, jetskis, or IRBs. There weren't even simple swimfins.
Dozens of surf lifesavers swam into the surf wearing belts attached to ropes on surf reels to rescue 180 swimmers.
The “reel, line and belt” method was almost the lifesavers' undoing, as stranded swimmers clung to the ropes in desperation, threatening to pull their rescuers down with them.
Thirty-five unconscious swimmers were revived on the sand. Five people died.
The rescue methods used in the largest mass surf rescue in Australian history, at 3pm on Sunday February 6, 1938, will today be recreated by 80 members of Bondi Surf Bathers' Life Saving Club, North Bondi Surf Life Saving Club and Waverley ­lifeguards.
MORE: BONDI RESCUE COULD BE FILMING ITS LAST SEASON
MORE: BONDI BEACH DANGERS FUELLED BY SWIMMER IGNORANCE
Camera Icon The rescue methods will be recreated today by members of Bondi Surf Bathers' Life Saving Club, North Bondi Surf Life Saving Club and Waverley ­lifeguards. From left, Bella Hunter, Ella Marshall, Josh Stevens, Chris Cooper and Claudia Frontini. Picture: News Corp Australia, Sam Ruttyn
In the crowd will be North Bondi surf lifesaver Brendan Krone, whose then 16-year-old grandmother Norma Allerding, 96, was swept off her feet before being plucked out of the water by a rescuer.
“Black Sunday has gone down in folklore among eastern suburbs surf clubs,” Mr Krone said.
“My grandmother was badly dumped, ripping her T-shirt and cap off, then suddenly a lifesaver plucked her out and threw her on a ­surfer plane — like a lilo — because they'd run out of ropes and rescue boards.
RELATED
The Sunday Telegraph take to the skies for an aerial insight into the top stats affecting Bondi Surf Rescue Lifesavers The West Australian The Sunday Telegraph take to the skies for an aerial insight into the top stats affecting Bondi Surf Rescue Lifesavers
“She was winded, churned underwater for ages and required rescue along with 180 others.”
In the past four years, Mr Krone's worst day on duty at North Bondi was a mass rescue when 30 people were swept out by a rip known as “backpackers' express”.
Black Sunday was the day the legend of the Australian surf lifesaver was etched into immortality, according to North Bondi SLSC president Mark Cotter.
The Black Sun re-enactment will be held on Bondi between 3pm and 4pm.
[India], December 11 (ANI): India's first Electronic Manufacturing Cluster (EMC) will be coming to Andhra Pradesh.
The Government of India, through the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeiTY), had announced in 2012 about setting up an EMC in India, with grant-in-aid for establishing such clusters.
An EMC is designed and developed for providing facilities and amenities for manufacturing mobiles and allied products.
In 2015, the Andhra Pradesh government announced the first exclusive mobile and electronic manufacturing cluster in the new capital, Amaravati.
A Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) called Sri Venkateswara Mobiles and Electronics Manufacturing Hub Private Limited was formed. The foundation stone was laid by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the same year. The SPV Company has applied for the final approval of the project. Three major Indian mobile manufacturers - Celkon, Karbonn and Lava have come forward to establish their units in the EMC. An anchor unit has been formed in the name of Seven Hills Digital Park Private Limited for the three companies. It will be involved in manufacturing of accessories to mobile phones and other related electronic equipment. Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu has allotted 113.27 acres of land for the new cluster, through Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC). Nara Lokesh, Minister of Information Technology and Communications, had said that the new EMC is being developed at the cost of Rs 104 crore. Around 50,000 jobs will be created every year in the cluster. (ANI)
0 Social workers overlooked boy's abuse, bribed by $10,000 in food stamps, prosecutors say
A social worker was bribed with $10,000 in food stamps and did not report abuse of a 5-year-old boy who was later found dead and buried in a backyard, prosecutors said Wednesday.
>> Read more trending news
Nancy Caraballo bought more than $10,000 in food stamps from Larissa Rodriguez for 50 cents on the dollar from July 2015 to December 2017, Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Michael O'Malley told WJW.
Rodriguez's son, Jordan Rodriguez, was found buried behind a house Dec. 19. His body had broken ribs and other signs of abuse, according to WJW.
“Selfish criminal acts such as these take the food from the children who cannot provide for themselves, making them the true victims of these crimes," Greg Croft, agent-in-charge of the Ohio Department of Public Safety's Investigative Unit, told WJW.
The boy had not been seen alive since September. The brother of the child's stepfather called police from Pakistan about the death, according to WOIO.
Larissa Rodriguez, 34, who has nine children and is pregnant, was arrested and charged with murder, felonious assault, endangering children and offenses against a human corpse, according to WJW. She pleaded not guilty. Her bond was set at $1 million. Child welfare workers have looked into allegations including neglect and physical abuse in connection with Larissa Rodriguez since 1999.
The mother's boyfriend, Christopher Rodriguez, 36, was indicted on charges of murder, felonious assault, endangering children and gross abuse of a corpse, according to WJW. He was already being held at Medina County Jail on unrelated charges, according to WJW.
Caraballo was indicted on trafficking food stamps. If malnutrition played a role in the boy's death she could face more charges, O'Malley told WJW.
It has become fashionable to equate the French and American Revolutions, but they share absolutely nothing beyond the word “revolution.”
The American Revolution was a movement based on ideas, painstakingly argued by serious men in the process of creating what would become the freest, most prosperous nation in the history of the world. (Until Democrats decided to give it away to the Third World.)
The French Revolution was a revolt of the mob. It was the primogenitor of the horrors of the Bolshevik Revolution, Hitler's storm troopers, Mao's Cultural Revolution, Pol Pot's slaughter and America's periodic mob uprisings, from Shays' Rebellion to the current attacks on White House employees and Trump supporters.
The French Revolution is the godless antithesis to the founding of America.
One rather important difference is that Americans did win freedom with their revolution and created a self-governing republic. France's revolution consisted of pointless, bestial savagery, followed by another monarchy, followed by Napoleon's dictatorship and then finally something resembling an actual republic 80 years later.
Both revolutions are said to have come from the ideas of Enlightenment thinkers, the American Revolution influenced by the writings of John Locke and the French Revolution informed by the writings of Jean-Jacques Rousseau. This is like saying presidents Reagan and Obama both drew on the ideas of 20th-century economists — Reagan on the writings of Milton Friedman and Obama on the writings of Paul Krugman.
Locke was concerned with private property rights. His idea was that the government should allow men to protect their property in courts of law, in lieu of each man being his own judge and executioner. Rousseau saw the government as the vessel to implement the “general will” and create a new man. Through power, the government would “force men to be free.”
As historian Ralph Hancock summarized the theories of the French revolutionaries, they had no respect for humanity “except that which they proposed to create.” To liberate man, they would “reconstruct his very humanity to meet the demands of the general will.”
Liberals dearly wish our Founding Fathers were more like the godless French peasants, skipping around with human heads on pikes. But alas, our Founding Fathers were God-fearing descendants of Puritans and Presbyterians. (And one Catholic!) King George denounced the American Revolution as “a Presbyterian war.”
As Stephen Waldman writes in his definitive book on the subject, “Founding Faith,” the American Revolution was “powerfully shaped by the Great Awakening,” an evangelical revival in the Colonies in the early 1700s, led by famous Puritan theologian Jonathan Edwards, among others. Aaron Burr, the third vice president of the United States, was Edwards' grandson.
There are books of Christian sermons endorsing the revolution. The barbaric attacks on the church by the French revolutionaries would later appall Americans and British alike, even before the bloodletting began.
Americans celebrate the Fourth of July, the date our written demand for independence from Britain was released to the world.
The French celebrate Bastille Day, a day when a thousand armed Parisians stormed the Bastille and savagely murdered a half-dozen guards, defacing their corpses and sticking their heads on pikes — all in order to seize arms and gunpowder for more such tumults. It would be as if this country had a national holiday to celebrate the Ferguson riots.
Among the most famous quotes from the American Revolution is Patrick Henry's “Give me liberty or give me death!” Among the most famous quotes from the French Revolution is the Jacobins' “Fraternity or death!” Or, as Jacobin Sebastien Nicolas de Chamfort satirized it: “Be my brother or I'll kill you.”
Our revolutionary symbol is the Liberty Bell, rung to summon the citizens of Philadelphia to a public reading of the just-adopted Declaration of Independence.
The symbol of the French Revolution is the “National Razor” — the guillotine.
Of the 56 signers of the Declaration of Independence, all died of natural causes in old age, with the exception of Button Gwinnett of Georgia, who was shot in a duel unrelated to the revolution.
Only one other founding father died of unnatural causes: Alexander Hamilton, who did not sign the Declaration of Independence. He died in a duel with Burr because as a Christian, Hamilton deemed it a greater sin to kill another man than to be killed. Before the duel, Hamilton vowed in writing not to shoot Burr.
President after president of our new nation died peacefully for 75 years, right up until Abraham Lincoln was assassinated in 1865.
Meanwhile, all the leaders of the French Revolution died violently, guillotine by guillotine.
The Fourth of July also marks the death of two of our greatest Founding Fathers, Thomas Jefferson and John Adams, who died on the same day, exactly 50 years after the Declaration of Independence was signed.
We made it for nearly another 200 years. And then, for some reason, the Democrats decided to give our country away to the rest of the world.
COPYRIGHT 2018 ANN COULTER
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesman said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
When the 13 inmates took over the A Wing of the Correctional Center, the jail was locked down and Wilbur Street, which leads to the facility, was closed off.
Alaska State Troopers and Fairbanks police helped corrections staff secure the area.
Troopers and city police called in tactical-response units.
When they ordered the inmates to surrender, and the prisoners responded by breaking windows and pouring slippery soap on the floors in anticipation of the officers charging in.
The inmates surrendered after police fired a volley of tear gas.
Some of the 13 indicted inmates have lengthy criminal records that include convictions for violent offenses, and whose cases have now been reopened as a result of their roles in the riot.
They include Tevyn Alonza Davis, 23, of Fairbanks, who's charged with two counts each of first- and second-degree murder, in connection with shootings at a south-side nightclub that left one man dead and another wounded in 2016.
And Dametrey Jaymes Rice, 24, of Fairbanks, who's charged with kidnapping, assault and armed robbery related a home invasion last Christmas, in which one man was pistol-whipped and another held at gunpoint.
Fairbanks District Attorney Gregg Olson was traveling today and unavailable to talk about the case.
Spokespersons for the state Department of Corrections and Alaska State Troopers didn't respond to queries by deadline, and Fairbanks Police declined to comment.
Other indicted inmates include: Jerald Burton Jr., 24; Patrick Burton-Hill, 24; Robert Gentleman III, 39; Anthony Heard, 41; Marcus Howard, 22; Donovan Huntington, 34; Hoe Kim, 31; Nicholas Pierce, 24; R.J. Seymour, 20; Eli Simpson, 22; and Justin West, 26.
The big six of smart cities
The term smart city is not a new one and, while some examples already exist on the African continent, it is not as widespread as it should be.
Urbanisation, economic, social and environmental sustainability requirements are putting increasing pressure on cities' infrastructure. This requires a paradigm shift to urban centres operational and management models by adopting new and smart technologies to create sustainable living environment for their citizens.
This is the view of Mahmoud El-Banna, global IoT solution management leader at Nokia.
Cities across the globe are facing persistent challenges in different sectors in terms of energy consumption, environmental sustainability, citizen safety, traffic management, vulnerability to disasters, changing climate conditions and many more. These challenges are accelerating the need of new business models for cities management to improve the quality of life inside the city.
Cities looking to thrive in the future are encouraged to invest in creating smart, safe and sustainable applications enabled by a shared, scalable and secured ICT infrastructure in the so-called Six S's smart city model.
With challenge comes opportunity
The city challenges translate into various opportunities for cities to embrace new technologies and improve efficiency of urban operations. The Internet of Things (IoT) which aims at connecting everything around us towards the journey to programable world is on the high rise and at the heart of future proof smart cities.
IoT will be the technology of choice to enable unlimited possibilities for smart city applications and use cases, says El-Banna.
The smart city IoT applications will have various requirements with direct implications on the city ICT infrastructure.
These requirements will vary in terms of data volume, throughput, number of devices and the latency pattern for transferring the data. This in return mandates the need to have a robust and flexible infrastructure to support a wide range of use cases that would be implemented as part of smart city.
The adequate infrastructure would be composed of a massive scale broadband access technologies layer supported by an agile networking gear and topped by a city management platform to manage all aspects of the city. Across all these horizontal layers, security is vertically positioned to secure the data across the entire ICT infrastructure.
“All these applications and infrastructure solutions are brought by Nokia in a full end to end stack fashion to support cities in their technology transformation journey”, says Mahmoud.
Where do the six-s's fit in?
“Optimal smart city implementation will truly benefit from the Six s's,” says El-Banna. “By sharing network infrastructure, applications and data over a single IP infrastructure, cities can minimise cost and provide residents with ubiquitous and real-time access to applications anytime and anywhere.”
Cybersecurity and data privacy also remains an ultimate priority. “Endpoint data protection, device management, authentication, authorisation, traffic profiling and encryption must be key points on both governments' and citizens' checklists.”
On the scalability front, while the initial uptake of smart city initiatives might start small, they can grow fast and cities must ensure that their ICT infrastructure anticipates this growth.
To ensure smart city initiative success, applications must satisfy the smartness, safety and sustainability angles.
“Smart applications aim at improving the quality of success, bolster innovation and drive social and economic development, but also make the cities more attractive places to live, visit and do business,” El-Banna adds. S
fety comes through providing applications that prevent or minimise the risks of adverse events, such as crime, accidents and natural disasters.
“Sustainability applies to minimising the environmental impact of the municipality's operations and the activities of its businesses and citizens, while ensuring that cities select the right business model to fund, invest and cost-efficiently manage innovations.”
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
Not sure where to head now that Mayon has erupted?
Published 10:35 PM, February 03, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Do you want to know which of the tourist spots in Albay are considered safe for sightseeing?
Kurt Zepeda from the Provincial Tourism, Culture and Arts Office names 6 of them: Legazpi Boulevard, Ligñon Hill, Taysan Hills, Eztanza Highland, Daraga Church, and Cagsawa Ruins.
"These are outside the 8-km danger zone and mostly in elevated areas," Zepeda says. "The lava flow from Miisi and Bonga gullies in the south and southeast slopes are also visible in these areas."
How to get to these places? Here's the route via the Daraga-Legazpi Diversion Road.
Legazpi Boulevard
You can get there on foot or via jeepney then tricycle. From the city proper, look for the 7-Eleven convenience store across LCC Mall. You can hail an Embarcadero-bound jeepney, or keep walking past the Development Bank of the Philippines and the National Food Authority. Turn right at the seawall park to the Embarcadero de Legazpi.
From there, you can walk outside to the parking lot, turn left and follow the pedestrian lane along the coastal road, or ride a tricycle from Embarcadero to Legazpi Boulevard.
Ligñon Hill
Wait for the Rawis-bound jeepney at Embarcadero. Get off at the intersection of Daraga-Legazpi Diversion Road and Tiwi-Legazpi Road, and tell the driver you're stopping at "Diversion." The landmark is the yellow-orange waiting shed.
Cross the street to the Diversion Road, where a Loop jeepney waits for passengers. Tell the driver to drop you off at Ligñon Hill. From the city proper, wait for Loop jeepneys at the LCC parking area.
Daraga Church
The Church of the Lady of the Gate, or Daraga Church, is one of Albay's 3 National Cultural Treasures. To get there from Ligñon Hill, go back to the main road and wait for Loop jeepneys heading to Daraha. Do not cross the road. Go down at Bigg's Diner, Daraga Branch, cross the street, and enter the alley to the side of Bigg's. Keep going until you see the stairwell between Daraga Municipal Hall and a hardware store. That leads to the church.
Cagsawa Ruins
This historical landmark is a reminder of how devastating a volcanic eruption can be. To get there from Daraga, walk back to the main road. Walk straight ahead, past the Mercury Drug. Cross the intersection and wait for jeepney with any of these routes: Camalig, Ligao, Guinobatan and Polangui. Alight at the road intersection with a replica of the ruins. Walk to the park or ride a tricycle.
Eztanza Highland
This alternative route to Sorsogon has a panoramic view of Albay. Even Ligñon Hill is visible. To get there, ride a Daraga-bound jeepney, alight at the intersection between Albay Pilinut Candy and the bridge next to the Bicol Christian College of Medicine. The store is a few minutes walk from Albay Cathedral. You can rent a habal-habal to take you there and back.
Taysan Hills
Taysan Hills is where The Oriental Hotel is located. A tricycle from Old Albay (or the tricycle stand at the side of Bigg's Diner, Albay Branch) can take you there. It's best to walk back to the city so you don't miss the view overlooking Mayon.
Safety Tips
Bring dust or N95 masks, wet towel and goggles. Some are distributed by the DOH and the Red Cross.
Park cars in places protected from possible ashfall.
Note the nearest hospitals in case of emergency: Albay Doctors Hospital, Aquinas Hospital, Ago General Hospital, Estevez Hospital, BRTTH (Bicol Regional Training and Teaching Hospital).
As of this writing, APSEMO PDRRMC has extended the Danger Zone to 9km, with Camalig and Sto. Domingo in Albay in focus. Quituinan Hills in Camalig, originally part of the safe zone, is no longer on the list. There is no ashfall in Legazpi, even after a recent eruption.
Asked about the harmonic tremors associated with the volcanic eruption, Zepeda said that it is not as severe as tectonic eruption.
Hotlines:
Philippine National Police: 820-6440
BFP (Bureau of Fire Protection): 481-3638
BRTTH: 483-0016
BRTTH-HEMS: 437-8055
PNRC (Philippine National Red Cross): 481-3638
APHO (Provincial Health Office): 480-4545
APSEMO (Albay Public Safety and Emergency Management Office): 480-3772
– Rappler.com
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
With Tony Romo getting his first action of the season for the Cowboys on Sunday against Philadelphia, some kind of controversy would surely emerge from Lincoln Financial Field. However, the dramatics ended up coming from the Philadelphia media and not the Cowboys quarterbacks.
The Twitter feed of Philadelphia Daily News Reporter Les Bowen provides an in-depth, internet play-by-play of the incredibly bizarre incident where Eagles media booted The Philadelphia Inquirer's Jeff McLane from the press box, after they told reporters in the press box to quiet down. The rest is Twitter history:
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Eagles are attempting to eject @Jeff_McLane from the press box because he objected to being yelled at by an Eagles media relations staffer — Les Bowen (@LesBowen) January 1, 2017
Other reporters are being told they will be ejected as well if they interfere with Jeff being ejected from the press box — Les Bowen (@LesBowen) January 1, 2017
This is a ridiculous situation, a minor disagreement that the Eagles are making into a huge incident — Les Bowen (@LesBowen) January 1, 2017
The Eagles have not clarified what policy Jeff is alleged to have violated. — Les Bowen (@LesBowen) January 1, 2017
During confusion over a penalty a while ago, we were all trying to figure out the call. An Eagles staffer yelled for us to be quiet. (1) — Les Bowen (@LesBowen) January 1, 2017
(2) Many of us took exception, Jeff most vocally. He then went to the staffer and calmly discussed why the admonishment was inappropriate. — Les Bowen (@LesBowen) January 1, 2017
(3) A while, later, security guard comes and tells Jeff he is being ejected “for violating the fan code of conduct.” — Les Bowen (@LesBowen) January 1, 2017
This ought to be good for Jeff's talk radio appearances this week. — Les Bowen (@LesBowen) January 1, 2017
This is the most vengeful, petty Eagles regime I've dealt with since I started covering the team in 2002. #Ejectthat — Les Bowen (@LesBowen) January 1, 2017
Eagles beat writer @Jeff_McLane being ejected from the press box for discussing press box etiquette w pr staff. pic.twitter.com/5IUdTdFEof — Marcus Hayes (@inkstainedretch) January 1, 2017
Again, @Jeff_McLane has been ejected from the stadium. This is an irrational and unprofessional act by the Eagles. — Les Bowen (@LesBowen) January 1, 2017
#Eagles Anne Gordon is former “managing editor/vice president of news for The Philadelphia Inquirer”…@Jeff_McLane‘s current employer. https://t.co/PUbIPZa335 — Charles Robinson (@CharlesRobinson) January 1, 2017
Eagles Sr VP Anne Gordon made it clear to everyone objecting that she would be happy to eject us all, and that fallout did not concern her. — Les Bowen (@LesBowen) January 1, 2017
Anne Gordon, the Eagles Senior Vice President of Marketing, Media, and Communications released a statement to Philly.com to clarify McLane's ejection, “I asked for security to eject Jeff from our press box, a press box that has a standard code of behavior that every reporter understands and actually participates in endorsing and policing. . . so that people can watch the game and can follow and do their jobs carefully.”
McLane had recently criticized the Eagles front office. According to Philly.com, “McLane has occasionally criticized the Eagles in his coverage. Last week, he wrote an article questioning whether executive vice president Howie Roseman had made wise investments in players. In another article, he wrote that “the jury is certainly still in deliberation” about the prospects for head coach Doug Pederson, though he did say Pederson deserved to return next season.
“Asked whether he believed his coverage played a role in his ejection, McLane said: “I think you'd probably have to ask them.””
McLane just might have just found his answer.
Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn
April 13 Rogers Communications Inc
* Rogers Communications Inc - announced that Joe Natale will join as president and chief executive officer on April 19, 2017
* Natale will be appointed to Rogers board at its annual general meeting next week Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Scroll for more content...
(CNN) -- The disputed GOP-Rep. Devin Nunes intelligence memo alleges that then-Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe told the House Intelligence Committee that no surveillance warrant would have been sought for a Donald Trump campaign aide without the Steele dossier. The FISA court granted a warrant to monitor Carter Page and approved three subsequent renewals, according to the memo. Even if the dossier was used as part of the application, a FISA renewal indicates that a judge was convinced that the surveillance was yielding information about the target acting as an agent of a foreign power that merited continued monitoring. The memo alleges that Steele had an anti-Trump financial and ideological motivations that were not included in the FISA application. Senior DOJ officials knew about Steele's anti-Trump bias, according to the memo.
'Just to think that I'm going to be able to say Catriona Gray, Philippines, gives me the chills all over again,' she says
Published 2:30 PM, March 20, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Newly crowned Miss Universe Philippines 2018 Catriona Gray is still overwhelmed by the love and support she has been getting after winning the title.
On Monday, March 19, Catriona took to social media to share her thoughts on representing the country one more time. (READ: From Miss World Philippines 2016 to Miss Universe Philippines 2018: The journey of Catriona Gray)
"After months of preparation and guidance and prayers, I kept waiting for a wave of nerves to hit me but it never came. Maybe it was God's gift to me that night, or maybe I just knew I had done everything to be ready, now it was just time for me to enjoy and have fun," she said.
"Just to think that I'm going to be able to say Catriona Gray, Philippines, gives me the chills all over again. How do I begin to thank all of the beautiful souls who have been so generous and kind with their time, effort, and resources? Truly, I would not have been able to realize this dream without you all."
Catriona thanked Binibining Pilipinas Charities Incorporated (BPCI), led by its chairperson Stella Marquez Araneta, "for this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity."
She also thanked the people who helped her prepare for coronation night, including fashion stylist Ton Lao and talent agent Harley Barley, as well as her family, boyfriend Clint Bondad, and best friend Sandra Lemonon, who was also part of the competition.
"To my family, my love (Clint), and my friends for always being there to support me and give me strength. Special shout-out to my sister (Sandra) who kept me sane throughout," Catriona said.
"Lastly to my Catrionians, what an amazing journey we've been on. Through the highs and lows you've never left my side. For your love, dedication, and ceaseless support... [I am] forever grateful that you've chosen me as your queen. This is all for you. Let's do this."
Catriona, who won Miss World Philippines in 2016, was a heavy favorite to win Miss Universe Philippines 2018. She won the biggest number of awards during coronation night last Sunday, March 18, including Best in Long Gown and Best in Swimsuit. – Rappler.com
Bb Pilipinas 2018 coronation night:
More Bb Pilipinas 2018 updates:
Bb Pilipinas 2018 post-pageant:
TORONTO — Great-West Lifeco's real estate arm has acquired the business of Colorado-based EverWest Real Estate Partners, marking its first move into the U.S.
The terms of the deal announced today were not disclosed.
The president of GWL Realty Advisors says the acquisition of EverWest provides the Canadian insurer's wholly-owned subsidiary with a real estate platform south of the border and opens up investment opportunities for its clients.
Paul Finkbeiner adds that the purchase is an important step in the long-term growth strategy of GWL Realty Advisors, a Toronto-based real estate investment advisor which services pension funds and institutional clients.
Illegal migrants are attempting to reach the UK by breaking into lorries leaving from a port in Normandy as security around Calais continues to be tightened.
The port of Ouistreham is 200 miles south of Calais' ports and Eurotunnel entrance – now surrounded by an imposing parameter to protect ships and trains headed for the UK.
advertisement
British holidaymakers passing through the Normandy port have reported seeing a rise in migrants in the area. The attempts to illegally board lorries pictured below took place at 3 pm on Thursday.
The migrants are a part of a group of about 100 young men from Sudan and Eritrea who live in a makeshift camp in woodland a mile-and-a-half from the port, the Daily Mail reports. Many have travelled down from Calais.
A witness to Thursday's incident told the paper: “As soon as the truck stopped at the red light the migrants were quickly trying to jump on.
“Only one made in onboard before the lights changed. This is happening almost every day. They know exactly when the ferries leave for Britain and plan their days around these timetables.
“Unlike Calais, there are not hundreds of policemen stopping them. At the moment they see this as their best chance of success.”
Caravanning enthusiasts have been warning each other to be vigilant as they approach Ouistreham. One wrote on an internet forum how he spotted “groups of what appeared to be migrants hanging around the area”.
He said: “On one occasion we saw them hiding in ditches at the side of the road, another time behind the trees at the side of the road. They appeared to be staying at the bottom of a field behind a bakery.
“Drivers heading towards the port need to be alert as some of the people we saw were standing very close to the road and studying on-coming traffic.”
PHOENIX — State lawmakers are moving to force people getting unemployment insurance checks back to work by changing the law about what jobs they have to take — or forego the payments.
Under current law, someone collects benefits must accept “suitable'' work. But the Department of Economic Security is required to consider various factors, including the “risk involved to the individual's health, safety and morals.''
Other considerations include physical fitness for the work, experience, prior earnings and how long the person has been unemployed.
And DES also has to figure in the prospects of the person being able to secure local work in the individual's customary occupation as well as the distance to the new job.
Under SB 1398, however, all that would become legally irrelevant after someone has been collecting benefits for four weeks. At that point the person would have to take a job — any job — where the employer is offering to pay someone at least 20 percent more than they are collecting in benefits.
And that's not much.
Under Arizona law, individuals who are laid off or fired through no fault of their own are entitled to collect payments equal to one-half of what they were earning for up to 26 weeks. The money comes out of a special funds financed by premiums paid by employers.
But here's the thing: Arizona law limits benefits to $240 a week, no matter how much the person was earning. Only Mississippi has a lower cap.
And that means someone would have to take any work that pays at least $288 a week.
Sen. Steve Smith, R-Maricopa, the sponsor of the legislation, acknowledged that translates out to $7.20 an hour, less than the current minimum wage of $10.50.
And he said no one is expected to work for less than the minimum.
But it still leaves open the possibility someone could be forced to take part-time work of 28 hours a week or more at the minimum wage, no matter how much they were earning before they were let go, or end up with no benefits at all.
Smith's bill does have a carrot.
It would require DES to set up a return-to-work program where those collecting unemployment insurance could become an apprentice or intern at certain companies for up to six weeks.
The sweetener is they could continue to collect their weekly checks.
And Smith companies would benefit, too.
“They can effectively recruit new people to come in and work,'' he said, with the money for paying the workers coming from the Federal Workforce Opportunity Act.
But it was the back-to-work-or-lose-your-benefits language that caused the most heartburn among foes.
Rep. Mitzi Epstein, D-Tempe, said it forces those getting benefits into a difficult situation by making factors like risks to safety and health irrelevant.
“Will I be in endangered if I go on this job?'' she said.
“Am I not physically fit enough for this job?'' Epstein continued. “Will this job go completely against my moral fiber about what I think is right or wrong?''
All that, she said, are relevant questions which is why the law is worded the way it is now.
“I think the state should not be forcing people off the crutch (of jobless benefits) and into a much worse situation,'' Epstein said.
Smith said there's a simple solution to avoid being offered unsuitable work: Don't apply for such jobs in the first place.
If there's no offer on the table, he said, someone collects benefits can't be accused of refusing to take it.
But it's not that simple.
DES lobbyist Kathy Ber pointed out existing Arizona law requires those on unemployment insurance to engage in “a systematic and sustained effort to obtain work during at least four days of the week.'' That same law mandates the person make at least one job contact per day on each of those four days.
Smith was unsympathetic to the possibility that someone who has been collecting benefits for at least four weeks could be forced to take a job that, until now, DES has considered unsuitable.
“You're supposed to go out and look for a job,'' he said, with the benefits simply to provide a financial bridge while people are doing that.
“We shouldn't say, ‘Pretty please, here's a job, would you please take it?' ‘' Smith continued. “If you're offered a job that pays you more than your benefit, you should take it.''
That also is the attitude of Rep. Jeff Weninger, R-Chandler, part of owner a firm that runs Dilly's Deli which has several sandwich shops as well as Floridino's Pizza and Pasta.
Like all employers, Weninger pays into the account that funds unemployment benefits. Premiums range from less than 1 percent of the worker's first $7,000 of wages to nearly 13 percent, with the actual rate dependent on how often a company lays off or fires a worker without cause.
Weninger said he has close to 100 employees.
“I've paid a ton of money into this,'' he said, blasting “this notion that the government or employers or everybody has to take care of someone cradle to the grave.''
If SB 1398 becomes law it would have no immediate impact on how much employers pay. But DES officials said if fewer people overall are collecting, that leaves more money in the special account that finances the benefits, opening the door for future rate decreases.
That account was depleted during the recession when the state's jobless rate topped 11 percent, with DES having to borrow money from the federal government.
The current unemployment rate is now 4.8 percent. And DES reports that the fund hit nearly $571.6 million this past June 30, up from $332.7 million a year earlier.
* NSE index down 0.57 pct, BSE index 0.55 pct lower
* Vedanta, Cairn India rises on buyout completion
* Infosys to report March-qtr earnings on Thursday
By Tanvi Mehta
April 12 Indian shares fell on Wednesday, heading for a fourth session of fall in five, as investors exercised caution ahead of the start of the earnings season, while sentiment was also hit by geopolitical concerns.
After hitting a record high of 9,273.90 points last week, the broader NSE index has fallen about 0.9 percent as investors wait for corporate results, with Infosys Ltd due to report on Thursday.
Global markets have also been under pressure over North Korea and Syria tensions, further sapping sentiment.
"Infosys results will start giving indication of market behaviour. I think for this quarter, market will remain slightly under pressure," said RK Gupta, managing director, Taurus Asset Management Company, adding that geopolitical concerns also had an impact.
The broader NSE index was down 0.57 percent at 9,184.55 as of 0554 GMT, dragged down by financial and IT stocks.
The benchmark BSE index was 0.55 percent lower at 29,623.94.
The Nifty PSU Bank index, which had risen nearly 20 percent this year as of Tuesday's close, was down 1.1 percent, poised to snap two consecutive sessions of gains.
Private sector lender ICICI Bank was the biggest drag on the NSE index, falling as much as 1.9 percent.
Meanwhile, Vedanta Ltd gained as much as 3.9 percent and Cairn India Ltd rose up to 2.9 percent to its highest since Oct. 2, 2014 after Vedanta said on Tuesday it completed the buyout of Cairn India.
Shares of Petronet LNG Ltd touched a record high after Nomura analysts raised their price target on the stock to 510 rupees from 425 rupees, with a "buy" rating. (Reporting by Tanvi Mehta in Bengaluru; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
Aug 12 (Reuters) - Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp said on Saturday he has no control over whether Philippe Coutinho will stay at the club or move to Barcelona.
Coutinho emailed a transfer request to the club on Friday after Liverpool's owners, Fenway Sports Group, issued a strongly worded statement saying the midfielder would not be sold in the transfer window.
Barcelona have had two bids rejected by Liverpool for Coutinho, who is keen to move to Spain, according to British media reports.
Coutinho missed Liverpool's 3-3 draw with Watford on Saturday.
Asked about the Brazilian's situation, Klopp said: "As a manager of a football club, I have bosses that decide, for example, just in general, if we sell a player or we don't sell him. Then I have to accept it.
"If they don't sell him, then I am not involved any more. I'm responsible for all of our players, not just one or two or three, but all of them.
"I can't say anything about it, the only thing is I work with the players I have. That's what I'm always doing."
The German said he did not think Coutinho's transfer request changes his situation.
"I don't think (it changes anything). It was pretty clear what the club said about it. That's all," he said.
"You have to ask the club. I don't make the decision. I didn't see the club insiders today. You have to ask them."
Asked if Coutinho had let down his teammates with his request, Klopp said: "I am not part of the discussion with the group."
Klopp has already said that Coutinho will not be fit for Liverpool's Champions League qualifier in Hoffenheim on Tuesday.
Think offensive co-ordinator Stef Ptaszek has been told often enough this year yet that he might want to accept any phone calls coming from Canadian universities for head-coaching vacancies?
THE ONLY ONE
Only one Bulldog — Connor Roberts — made it on NHL Central Scouting's Players To Watch List which is an early-season guide to who might be hearing their name called come draft time next June.
However, the team's third-round pick from 2016 was included. Jacob Pivonka chose to go to the United States Development Team instead of coming to Hamilton. And head coach John Gruden's son, Jonathan, made the list. He was a draft pick of the London Knights but also chose to go to the U.S. team.
BEST NAMES ON THE LIST
The best five names on the Central Scouting list that we hope to hear NHL play-by-play guys screaming someday?
1. Nando Eggenberger
2. Jett Woo
3. Shaw Boomhower
4. Jan Sir
5. Matthew Grouchy
In case you're wondering, Grouchy has had only 28 penalty minutes in his year-and-a-bit junior hockey career.
STINGY MAROON
In six games this season, the McMaster Marauders football team has given up 244 fewer points than the Windsor Lancers, who they play next Saturday.
Four times this year already, the Lancers have been within a converted touchdown of giving up as many points as the Marauders have surrendered all season. One afternoon they gave up a staggering 81.
THE BUCK STARTS HERE
With the Ticats playing the Bombers on Friday night, it's time to ask how it is that retired quarterback Buck Pierce suddenly has more national advertising profile today than he ever did while he was playing? That commercial he's in seems to be on every four minutes these days.
STONER-WEAR
Canada's Olympic team will look, well, rather Canadian marching into the stadium at Pyeongchang in February. For the most part, that's a good thing. The overall look is effective. But a few questions for the designers from the Hudson's Bay Company who created the uniforms:
Do a pair of well-worn, loose-laced Greb Kodiaks come with the lumberjack jackets (for the record, we used to call them stoner jackets back in the day while others have referred to them as Huntsville Tuxedos)? Do the Ottawa Redblacks get residuals for the look?
And did we really need our athletes to be decked out in an official Olympic onesie?
BOUNCE-BOUNCE-GOAL
Tickets will soon be on sale for a World Junior's pre-tournament game at FirstOntario Centre. It goes Dec. 22 against Switzerland.
Last time we hosted a warm-up game, John Tavares scored one of the most-astonishing goals in hockey history when he juggled an airborne puck with his stick from behind the net to the front of the net and then batted it in.
CAN WE WATCH THE SOPRANOS ON IT?
The New Jersey Devils are unveiling the biggest in-arena scoreboard in the world this week. It's apparently the same size as 1,300 50-inch TVs and covers more than 9,500 square feet, which would be more expansive than the square footage of most of the biggest houses in this area.
Pretty cool, right? The Devils' president seems to think so.
"(This will) put Newark on the international map," Hugh Weber says.
Sure. That, and having the sixth-highest murder rate in the United States. But let's go with the scoreboard.
sradley@thespec.com
905-526-2440 | @radleyatthespec
Spectator columnist Scott Radley hosts The Scott Radley Show weeknights from 7-9 on 900CHML
With the These Three Words jackpot now over €2,000, we here at The Ian Dempsey Breakfast Show said we'd make it a bit easier for you to get your hands on the dosh.
The mechanic is simple; there are three famous voices saying one word each (hence the title). All you have to do is name all three. Easy - right?
The second and third voices went pretty quickly, with listeners revealing they were that of the man who is drippin' in finesse, Bruno Mars, and the last being the deep tones of singer George Ezra.
With two down it means there's only one remaining word - but who does the mystery voice belong to? We're hoping to help you guess the lady's name "Eventually".
Maybe you're on the way to work, or getting the kids ready for school and you're saying to yourself, "I have it!! I know who she is!!". If so, tune into the show every weekday morning from 7am and give Iano a call.
NEW CLUE: She IS American
NEW CLUE #2: She has more than one occupation
Here's a list of the ladies it's NOT:
Scarlett Johansson
Jennifer Lawrence
Michelle Visage
Margot Robbie
Pink!
Heather Graham
Jennifer Aniston
Joan Cusack
Kimberly Wyatt
Kim Cattrall
Gwyneth Paltrow
Miley Cyrus
Tina Fey
Meryl Streep
Katy Perry
Emma Stone
Julia Roberts
Nicole Kidman
Juliette Lewis
Naomi Watts
Katherine Heigl
Amy Adams
Julianne Moore
Charlize Theron
Jerry Hall
Claire Danes
Chrissy Teigen
Michelle Obama
Dua Lipa
Meghan Markle
Sandra Bernhard
Sarah Silverman
Tia Leoni
Uma Thurman
Natalie Portman
Kendall Jenner
Taylor Swift
Allison Janney
Kelly Osbourne
Katherine Heigl
Chelsea Handler
Rooney Mara
Elizabeth Banks
Felicity Huffman
Frances McDormand
Hillary Clinton
Amy Schumer
Blake Lively
Drew Barrymore
Lady Gaga
Kristen Wiig
Kathy Griffin
Michelle Williams
Fergie
Kathy Baker
Saoirse Ronan
Serena Williams
Nicole Scherzinger
Cheryl Crow
Kirsten Dunst
Jessica Biel
Anne Hathaway
Dakota Johnson
Jamie Lee Curtis
Kylie Jenner
Jessica Chastain
Kourtney Kardashian
Khloé Kardashian
Kim Kardashian
Kate Hudson
Rihanna
Dannii Minogue
Sigourney Weaver
Emma Watson
Jessica Biel
Maria Sharapova
Hailee Steinfeld
Kaley Cuoco
Catherine Zeta-Jones
Mila Kunis
Courtney Cox
Kate Winslet
Cameron Diaz
Rita Ora
Alicia Vikander
Angelina Jolie
Jodie Foster
Carey Mulligan
Sharon Stone
Kate McKinnon
Hayley Williams
Lisa Kudrow
Jennifer Hudson
Robin Wright
Adele
Michelle Pfeiffer
Ellen DeGeneres
Beyoncé
Goldie Hawn
Eva Longoria
Ariana Grande
Jessica Chastain
Busy Philipps
Halsey
Melissa McCarthy
Cynthia Nixon
Demi Lovato
Paris Hilton
Elizabeth Olsen
Shailene Woodley
Madonna
Ashley Judd
Krysten Ritter
Good Luck!!
It was only months ago when six-year-old Landen Alexa was racing his bike around the Sooke Bike Park with his friends. Today, he can't even sit through a day at school without coming home in excruciating pain.
At the end of May, Landen was participating in his school's Jump Rope for Heart fundraiser when he came home complaining of a sore ankle.
Landen's mother, Jillian Lanthier, took him in to Victoria General Hospital where he was and sent on his way with some Tylenol, believing it was only a sprain.
“I'm a mother of four,” said Lanthier. “So to me a sprained ankle was very minor. Little did we know it was the start of something much more serious.”
That weekend, Landen was left with his grandparents to heal his ankle, while Lanthier took her other three children away camping. On Sunday, Lanthier received a call from the grandparents saying Landen was very ill and needed to go to the hospital.
Lanthier rushed home thinking it was his ankle acting up, only to find her son bedridden with a fever of 103 degrees, and was in so much pain that he couldn't move any part of his body.
When they arrived at the hospital, Landen's state declined, and his body began to twitch. Nurses told Lathier that something was very wrong and he was admitted to the acute emergency.
After 10 days and multiple tests, no doctor could find out what was wrong with Landen. They checked for multiple diseases such as leukemia, lymphoma, and blood infections, but still, nothing.
“Looking back and don't know how we survived those days,” said Lanthier. “No one could give us any answers.”
Finally on June 14, Landen was diagnosed with Systemic Juvinile Idiopathic Arthrits (SJIA), a disease that causes his body to attack itself, leaving him with crippling muscle and joint pain and with virtually no immune system. The disease is so severe, even a common head cold can be potentially fatal for him.
Landen was given a dose of chemo, and was in and out of the hospital every 18 hours for pain management.
Today, he goes to the hospital every two weeks 10 to 14 days for IV treatment, and takes medication daily from home.
“Our life is now planned around the hospital schedule. I wish that for nobody, let alone a child, who I feel was robbed by this disease,” said Lanthier.
However, his current medicine is no longer working effectively, and the only option for treatment is a drug called Ilarus, which is going to cost Lanthier $19,000 a month, as it is not covered by B.C. Pharmacare.
The medicine could greatly improve Landen's quality of life, helping with pain and allowing him to make a lot less hospital trips.
There are only approximately 10 children in B.C. who are battling the same disease as Landen.
Jennifer Wilson, executive director at Cassie and Friends, a charity dedicated to helping children with juvenile arthritis, has started a petition hoping to get the B.C. Health Ministry to fund children with SJIA on a case-by-case basis.
“We aren't asking for a blank cheque. There are only 10 kids right now, who won't have any quality of life and will be an even bigger burden on the health-care system in the long run if they don't receive the drug,” said Wilson.
She explained that the drug is costly because of how rare it is, there is no competition between pharmaceutical companies and it is expensive to test and make.
“I never expected that in Canada I would have an expense this big for medicine,” said Lanthier. “This is not something I can afford and I don't think it's something a lot of people could.”
Lanthier has reached out to both Premier John Horgan and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, and has received responses of sympathy from both.
“I am not a person that likes to ask for help, but I am desperate. There is no other option,” said Lanthier. “I'm going to fight for my son.”
To sign the petition to help convince the Health Ministry to fund cases like Landen's, visit change.org.
Progressive community organizers and politicians are urging departing Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards to run for office, reports BuzzFeed News.
“F**k yeah she should run for office!” Alicia Garza, one of the founders of the Black Lives Matter movement told BuzzFeed News. “We've basically made a whole plan for her campaign without her.”
Richards addressed attendees of an event called the “State of OUR Union” Tuesday evening, scheduled to coincide with President Donald Trump's State of the Union address to the nation.
Sen. Cory Booker (D-NJ) reportedly told BuzzFeed News Richards would be an “extraordinary elected leader,” and Rep. Barbara Lee (D-CA), said she would “love to see [Richards] run.”
Similarly, Rep. Pramila Jayapal (D-WA) reportedly said of Richards, “She would be an amazing candidate if she wanted to run.”
Former Bill Clinton political consultant Paul Begala said if Richards ran for office she would be a “conviction politician,” which, he added, “sadly is a rare species.”
“She is both principled and charming, which is a powerful combination,” he reportedly said. “I suspect even voters who disagreed with her would respect her for her convictions.”
Under Richards' tenure, the U.S. Department of Justice has launched a formal investigation into Planned Parenthood in the wake of allegations that the abortion vendor has profited from harvesting the body parts of babies aborted in its clinics.
Additionally, Planned Parenthood's own annual report, released earlier this month, shows the organization continues to perform over 320,000 abortions per year while it boosted its profits in 2016-2017 by $21 million – or 27 percent – from the previous year. The group also took in nearly $544 million in taxpayer funding, though the number of many of its non-abortion services has significantly declined.
Richards, however, recently told the New York Times she is “not thinking of running for anything.”
In her address Tuesday evening, she called upon the government of the United States to change to a “representative democracy” that focuses on the needs of women who want abortions and free birth control, as well as illegal immigrants, LGBT individuals, and Black Lives Matter supporters.
Currently, Richards is working to get more women elected to public office with the hope that more women will share her priorities.
“If we had more people in Congress who could get pregnant, we wouldn't be arguing over access to reproductive healthcare,” she told attn.com.
CEO and President of Concerned Women for America Penny Nance, however, said in a statement sent to Breitbart News: “Under the leadership of Cecile Richards, Planned Parenthood has grown to push one agenda – abortion above all else – while throwing aside any inkling of actual medical care.”
A recent Marist poll found that 76 percent of Americans – including 92 percent of Republicans, 78 percent of independents, and 61 percent of Democrats – would restrict abortion to, at most, the first trimester of pregnancy.
Additionally, 51 percent of Americans identify as “pro-choice,” but even 60 percent of those agree with substantial restrictions on abortion.
The poll also finds that 63 percent would prohibit abortion after 20 weeks of pregnancy, while 60 percent oppose the use of taxpayer dollars to fund abortions.
When an 8-year-old boy in Milledgeville, Georgia, saw a woman struggling to get up some steps, he didn't hesitate to jump in and help.
Maurice Adams Jr. was with his mother when he saw the woman with her walker. He ran up the steps, put an arm around the woman, and helped her pick up her walker. The two made it up the steps with teamwork, and celebrated with a big hug.
After saying goodbye to the woman, Maurice ran back down the steps and hopped in his mom's car. His mom, Contrica Hill, didn't know it at the time, but a stranger was filming her son's good deed.
The stranger who caught it on camera, a man named Riley Duncan, shared the video with a community group on Facebook.
After the video spread, someone helped Duncan connect with Hill on Facebook. Duncan says the two began chatting and Hill told him all about her son. He made plans to meet up with her and Maurice on Wednesday.
Duncan told CBS News he wants to reward the 8-year-old for his selfless good deed and is going to give him $100 when they meet.
Maurice didn't realize it at the time, but his good deed did not only help the elderly woman. He also touched the heart of another stranger.
You can watch the Facebook video in the player below or by clicking this link here.
EU fetes end of roaming charges but risks linger for travellers
BRUSSELS, June 14 Roaming charges for using mobile phones when travelling within the European Union disappear on Thursday, capping a decade-long battle by Brussels to show increasingly sceptical Europeans it can make their lives better.
HARPURSVILLE, N.Y. — Millions have been watching April the giraffe's livestream, but, on Monday, zoo officials said they will pull the video feed after April suffered an injury.
Animal Adventure Park posted on Facebook that, just days after giving birth to her calf, April twisted one of her legs, which zoo officials say is not uncommon with animals her size.
The park added that they've been bogged down with messages about April, which have been affecting their email servers and say it's the reason why they're taking down the “Giraffe Cam.”
As of Monday evening, the livestream was still running.
April has been the subject of international attention since the live feed was turned on in February. On Saturday, after months of anticipation, April gave birth to her fourth calf.
The Animal Adventure Park currently has a contest underway to name the male calf. It costs $1 to cast a vote, and the park says the money will go to three different causes: giraffe conservation, “Ava's Little Heroes” – an event named after the park owners' daughter who suffers from a rare form of epilepsy – and to further improvements at Animal Adventure Park.
MONTREAL — The self-styled Prince of Pot has pleaded guilty to trafficking cannabis and will pay a $5,000 fine.
The charge against Marc Emery stemmed from the opening of Cannabis Culture boutiques in Montreal in December 2016.
Two other charges of possession and conspiracy were dropped.
The prosecution says it's an appropriate sentence that was negotiated over months.
Mumbai/Nagpur: The ruling BJP in Maharashtra is leading in Palghar but trailing in the Bhandara-Gondiya constituency as counting progresses in the May 28 Lok Sabha bypolls here on Thursday.
The BJP candidate in Palghar, Rajendra Gavit, notched up over 80,000 votes while his nearest Shiv Sena rival Shriniwas Vanga was trailing at around 62,000 votes.
They were followed by the Bahujan Vikas Aghadi's Baliram Jadhav at 54,000 votes and Congress's Damodar Shingada at 17,000 votes.
In Bhandara, the BJP candidate Hemant Patle, who was leading in the earlier rounds of counting, suddenly fell behind Nationalist Congress Party's Madhukar Kukde, who surged ahead with a lead of over 17,000 votes. Elections in both the constituencies were marred by large-scale incidents of malfunctioning EVM-VVPATs with all the opposition parties and ruling ally Shiv Sena hurling allegations of foul play and tampering of the machines. The high-stakes elections in both the seats, came in the wake of Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis' vow, to win the elections "come what may" -- and his subsequent controversial remarks of using "Saam, Daam, Dand, Bhed" to bag the polls at all costs.
× South Korea's president says nuclear crisis must ‘absolutely be solved peacefully'
SEOUL, S. Korea (AP) — The South Korean president says the North Korean nuclear crisis must “absolutely be solved peacefully” and there can be no U.S. military moves without South Korean consent.
Moon Jae-in, a liberal who favors engagement with the North, delivered a nationally televised speech Tuesday on the anniversary of the end of World War II and the Korean Peninsula's liberation from Japanese colonial rule.
North Korea has said its military presented leader Kim Jong-un with plans to launch missiles into waters near Guam. But its comments appeared to signal a path to defuse the crisis by saying Kim would watch U.S. conduct before giving his orders.
Moon said his South Korean government “will put everything on the line to prevent another war in the Korean Peninsula.” He says the “North Korean nuclear program should absolutely be solved peacefully, and the (South Korean) government and the U.S. government don't have a different position on this.”
Q: I've been toying with the idea of opening a private hunting ranch and importing animals (mostly pigs) for the ranch. I'd like to research the licensing and regulations. Are there both state and federal regulations? Since the animals will undoubtedly come from out of state, what other agencies (state or federal) would I need to consult? (Mark C.)
A: According to California Department of Fish & Game veterinarian Ben Gonzales, importing and possessing exotic and native wildlife species into California is strictly regulated by DFG under Fish and Game Code, section 2118 and California Code of Regulations Title 14, section 671.6, which addresses restricted species. All interstate animal imports are coordinated with the California Department of Food and Agriculture and the U.S. Department of Agriculture, both of which have their own interstate transport and import requirements.
Most importations of wildlife are for exhibition purposes, such as zoos, and requirements are different for each species. For this purpose, DFG's License and Revenue Branch reviews all applications for restricted species permits. Restricted species cannot be imported or possessed for hunting purposes. Similarly, importing or possessing live mammals for sport hunting purposes or for sale to another buyer for those purposes is prohibited (Fish and Game Code, section 2124). The importation of cervid (deer) species is very strictly regulated to prevent the entry of chronic wasting disease into the state.
Regarding importing wild pigs, there are strict disease testing requirements for importation of swine from other states, as well as certificates of veterinary inspection and interstate import permits required from the USDA and CDFA. Because pigs are designated as “big game mammals,” the trapping of wild pigs in California is considered “take” and is illegal except under a DFG permit such as a trapping permit or hunting tag (FGC, section 2126 and CCR Title 14, section 250). Wild pigs taken under permit are required to be immediately killed (CCR Title 14, section 251.5) and are not allowed to be released (FGC, section 2121).
DFG promotes wild pigs as an excellent big game hunting resource. However, problems occur when wild pig numbers become excessive and/or they venture into areas where they can cause considerable damage to crops, landscaping and threatened plant and wildlife species. This happens especially when wild pigs are introduced into new areas. Pigs do not respect fence lines and when introduced to a “new” property, they will quickly occupy all surrounding properties and are nearly impossible to eradicate from the area. In certain areas of California, wild pigs can carry diseases such as pseudorabies and brucellosis which may affect domestic swine.
Besides the legal implications, there are serious ethical considerations involved with “farm raising,” selling and releasing wild animals for sport hunting. There are many successful hunting ranches in California that manage the resources on their land in a manner that encourages native wildlife populations and they have no need to augment them through illegal means. Click here for more information on hunting.
Hitchhikers
Q: If I'm using a legal shrimp fly rig to fish in California waters for rockfish and a legal-sized lingcod bites and holds onto an otherwise legal-sized rockfish, can I legally gaff and possess that legal-sized hitchhiking lingcod? I am assuming the lingcod has not been hooked in the mouth on my shrimp fly rig, but has merely bitten and held on to the rockfish all the way to the surface. Would this be legal? (James O. Peterson)
A: Yes. The take of “hitchhiking” lingcod with a gaff is legal as long as the fish is of legal size. Gaff hooks cannot be used to take or assist in landing any finfish shorter than the minimum sizes limit. Gaffs also cannot be used to take or assist in landing salmon, steelhead, sturgeon or striped bass.
Are Deer Carts Legal?
Q: Is it legal to use deer carts in the wilderness for hauling out deer and bears? (Sam X.)
A: These devices are not regulated by fish and game laws and may be used in national forests and much public land. However, motorized vehicles and “mechanical transport” (including such things as deer carts, bicycles and hang gliders) may not be used in designated wilderness areas.
— Carrie Wilson is a marine biologist with the California Department of Fish & Game. She can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
AN elderly man was punched in the face during a street robbery in the CBD overnight - but luckily his stolen bag was recovered a short time later after police tracked the alleged attacker's movements through the city.
Police patrols and paramedics were called to Rundle St about 1.30am after reports of a robbery and found the victim, a man aged in his 80s, with injuries to his face. He was treated at the scene.
Meanwhile, police and security officers worked together to track the suspect's movements across the city through different CCTV cameras.
Police say the man walked from Rundle St to Hindley Street, then to the Casino, then east along the river to the War Memorial, where he was captured.
The 37-year-old Ottoway man was arrested and charged with aggravated robbery. He has been refused police bail and will appear in the Adelaide Magistrates Court today.
The elderly man's bag was returned.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Visakhapatnam (Andhra Pradesh)/Mumbai[India], Dec.11 (ANI): Essar Vizag Terminal Ltd (EVTL) today said that it was taking a week-long shutdown ahead of the installation and commissioning of an 8,000 TPH (tonnes per hour) Ship Loader that forms a part of the Company's Rs 830-crore expansion plan to upgrade the iron ore handling capacity of the Vizag Terminal (outer harbour) from 12.5 MTPA to 23 MTPA.
During the shutdown (13 December 2017 - 19 December 2017), other cargo handling equipment, including a new reclaimer and a mechanical conveyor system, will also be commissioned. Following these developments, EVTL expects to achieve a cargo handling rate of 120,000 TPD (tonnes per day), which will translate to shorter turnaround times and competitive freight costs for exporters on the east coast.
C H Satyanand, CEO, EVTL, said: "The shutdown is a planned move and is being undertaken without any disruption to exporters' shipments. Given that we are replacing a 41-year old ship loader with this new one, the short turnaround time is quite remarkable."
Essar Vizag Terminals Limited (EVTL) took over the Vizag Port expansion project in May 2015 on a Design-Build-Finance-Operate-Transfer (DBFOT) basis for a period of 30 years. Since then, the company has ramped up the iron ore loading capacity of the terminal from 25,000 TPD (tonnes per day) to 70,000 TPD. After the completion of the upgradation-cum-modernisation project, not only will the loading capacity increase to 120,000 TPD, but the facility will also be able to berth vessels up to 200,000 DWT, with a draft of 18 metres, on the outer harbour.
Essar Ports specialises in development and operations of ports and terminals for handling liquid, dry bulk, break bulk and general cargo. It is one of the largest private sector port companies in India in terms of capacity and throughput.
It has four operational terminals in India-one each in Hazira and Salaya (both in Gujarat) on the west coast, and in Visakhapatnam and Paradip on the east coast. The current operational capacity of the port terminals in India is 82 MTPA, which is expected to increase to 110 MTPA in 2017-18. (ANI)
Related Coverage Hawkins County man charged with rape, sexual battery
ROGERSVILLE (WATE) – The Hawkins County man charged with kidnapping a 9-year-old girl and setting off a massive Amber Alert search pleaded guilty in court on Monday and was sentenced to 25 years in prison.
Gary Simpson entered an Alford plea on Monday, meaning he did not admit to his charges and maintained his innocence, but felt he had no chance of a not guilty verdict. Simpson must serve 100 percent of his sentence.
Simpson was charged with especially aggravated kidnapping after police say he took his niece by marriage out of school last May. People spent countless hours searching for her and she was finally found in a rural area by three men.
He was later also charged with two counts of rape of a child and three counts of aggravated sexual battery.
Previous story: Hawkins County man charged with rape, sexual battery
In an interview earlier this week, House Speaker Charles McCall, said the revenue-raising measures would be in one bill, the reforms in separate bills.
WELLINGTON/SYDNEY Cyclonic winds and heavy rain buffeted New Caledonia on Monday, prompting residents of the French South Pacific territory to seek shelter and halt mining of nickel, its most important export.
Cyclone Cook hit the main island at almost the same time as high tide, packing winds of up to 200 kph (124 mph), bringing down coconut trees to block roads and forcing residents to seek shelter indoors.
"Right now we are in the eye of the storm, it is calm, but before the wind was strong and the rain was heavy," David Sigal told Reuters as he sheltered in the town hall of Poindimie, about 50 km (31 miles) north of where the storm hit land.
Floods, and waves as tall as 10 meters (33 feet), were also forecast by weather authorities.
"The threat to New Caledonia is very serious," the meteorological service said in a cyclone alert.
The storm hit land late on Monday afternoon as a Category Three storm, said Virgil Cavarero, a forecaster at Meteo New Caledonia, below the destructive Category 4 predicted earlier, which would have been a level off the most dangerous wind speed.
Authorities widened their cyclone alert on Monday, however, warning residents nearly everywhere in the archipelago to seek shelter before evening.
Nickel group Societe Le Nickel, a subsidiary of French conglomerate Eramet, has suspended mining at its five locations in New Caledonia, though smelting operations continue at a reduced level in the capital, Noumea, the firm said in a statement emailed to Reuters.
New Caledonia is one of the world's largest sources of nickel, and mining and metals processing plays a major role in its economy. Its two other main nickel producers, Glencore Plc and Vale, were not immediately available for comment, however.
Cyclone Cook, tracking southward, is predicted to pass within 50 km (31 miles) of Noumea during the night. Strong winds, heavy rain and rain are forecast to batter the 400-km (250 mile) length of the main island and smaller islands nearby.
As a precautionary measure against the cyclone, none of the roughly 100 guests staying at the packed hotel Le Lagon, in south Noumea, will be allowed to leave in the evening, said manager Emilie Coste.
After passing through New Caledonia, Cyclone Cook is forecast to gather strength and hit flood-soaked New Zealand, as the threat from recent Cyclone Debbie dissipates.
(Reporting by Tom Westbrook in SYDNEY and Charlotte Greenfield in WELLINGTON. Additional reporting by James Regan in SYDNEY.; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Clarence Fernandez)
Oklahoma City Police released video, Monday, of a shooting that occurred in early August at a SW OKC Burger King
Oklahoma City Police released video, Monday, of a shooting that occurred in early August at a SW OKC Burger King.
Around midnight on Aug. 5, two suspects went through the drive thru line of the fast food chain, located near Meridian Avenue and I-40, when a dispute between them and the employee taking their order began.
When the driver emerged from the car, a front-seat-passenger fired a single shot through the drive thru window. The drive-thru worker closed the window moments before the shot was fired and no employees were injured.
Police describe the suspects as a black female driver about 5' 6” and 170 pounds, and a black male passenger, who could not be seen. The suspects were driving a silver Honda Civic with tinted windows that is a 2010 model or newer.
Police encourage anyone with information to call Crime Stoppers at (405) 235-7300.
Related Video
VATICAN CITY (CNS) -- Lift up your eyes from your smartphones and see your brothers and sisters, those who share your journey of faith and those who are longing for the Word of life, Pope Francis told consecrated men and women.
"Today's frantic pace leads us to close many doors to encounter, often for fear of others," the pope said in his homily for the feast of the Presentation of the Lord and the World Day for Consecrated Life. "Only shopping malls and internet connections are always open."
Yet believers' hearts must be open as well, because every believer receives the faith from someone and is called to share it with others, the pope said at the Mass Feb. 2 in St. Peter's Basilica.
The feast day commemorates the 40th day after Jesus' birth when, in accordance with ancient Jewish practice, Mary and Joseph took him to the temple and presented him to the Lord. The feast's Gospel reading from St. Luke recounts how the aged Simeon and Anna, who were praying in the temple, recognized Jesus as the Messiah.
The Mass, attended by thousands of women and men belonging to religious orders, began with the traditional blessing of candles and a prayer that God would guide people toward his son, "the light that has no end."
In his homily, Pope Francis focused on a series of encounters: between people and Jesus; between the young Mary and Joseph and the elderly Simeon and Anna; and between individuals and members of their religious communities or their neighborhoods.
"In the Christian East," the pope explained, "this feast is called the 'feast of Encounter': It is the encounter between God, who became a child to bring newness to our world, and an expectant humanity."
The pope, himself a Jesuit, told the religious that their own journeys were "born of an encounter and a call" which, while highly personal, took place in the context of a family, a parish or a community.
Members of religious orders must realize that they need each other -- young and old -- to renew and strengthen their knowledge of the Lord, he said. They must never "toss aside" the elderly members because "if the young are called to open new doors, the elderly have the keys."
One's brothers or sisters in the community are a gift to be cherished, he said before adding a plea: "May we never look at the screen of our cellphone more than the eyes of our brothers or sisters, or focus more on our software than on the Lord."
Pope Francis said strengthening the intergenerational bonds in a religious community also is an antidote to "the barren rhetoric of 'the good old days'" and the only way "to silence those who believe that 'everything is going wrong here.'"
Religious life, with its vows of poverty, chastity and obedience, always has been countercultural, he said. And yet it is the source of true freedom because while "the life of this world pursues selfish pleasures and desires, the consecrated life frees our affections of every possession in order fully to love God and other people."
By: The Associated Press
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) — Oscar-nominated actor James Woods says he's retiring from the entertainment industry.
The news was included in a press release issued by Woods' real estate agent offering Woods' Rhode Island lake house for sale.
Allen Gammons said Friday that Woods is 70 and wants to relax. He says the actor's brother and mother recently died, and he hopes to spend more time on passions including photography, antiquing and Texas Hold `em poker.
Woods is known for his conservative political views, and has said that's made it tough to find work in Hollywood.
Gammons said Woods' decision was not political.
Actress Amber Tamblyn last month said Woods tried to pick her up when she was 16. Woods called it a lie.
Gammons said Woods declined to comment Friday when asked about Tamblyn's accusation.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
Galway Bay fm newsroom – The deadline for tenders for the new secondary school project at Clarin College in Athenry closes in the coming weeks.
The new facility will include a two-classroom special needs unit, sports hall, general purpose hall and student and teacher facilities.
There will also be 90 car parking spaces, ball courts and a new pedestrian and cycle path along the R348.
It's to cater for 1,000 students with construction expected to begin towards the end of this year.
The project went to tender at the end of May with a deadline set for interested bids by July 19th.
West Point is launching an investigation into how it handled the case of a former student who graduated last year despite the school being alerted by a faculty member of his angry, anti-military, and pro-communist sentiments in 2015.
“There is now a West Point investigation starting,” a West Point spokesperson said in an email, when asked what actions it took after a faculty member reported then-West Point Cadet Spenser Rapone in 2015. “In order to safeguard the investigative process, the U.S. Military Academy is unable to provide a comment at this time.”
advertisement
Rapone graduated from West Point in 2016 and is currently under investigation by his Army command after he posted pictures of himself last week advocating for communism while in his West Point uniform, which is prohibited by Army regulations.
However, it was unclear whether West Point was aware of his activity as a student until the Daily Caller on Wednesday published a sworn statement from a then-West Point history professor, which mentioned Rapone's anti-U.S. and pro-communist views.
Retired Army Lieutenant Col. Robert M. Heffington gave the statement after a tense encounter with Rapone, whom he said had a “serious problem with military authority figures.”
Heffington said he shared his misgivings about Rapone with three close friends and colleagues, and one of them showed him Rapone's Facebook page, which contained a number of anti-military, anti-government, pro-communist, and pro-Muslim posts stemming back to 2014.
“What I saw completely stunned me,” Heffington said. “From his various online rantings and posts, it appears that CDT Rapone is an avowed Marxist, which is completely out of line with the values of this nation and its Army. Moreover, CDT Rapone's posts indicate he hates West Point, the U.S. Army, and indeed this country.”
West Point let him graduate in May 2016.
On Wednesday, Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL), a staunch anti-communist, called Rapone a “national security threat.”
“Members of the military who harbor anti-American views and express their desire to harm our country and its leaders are unfit to serve and defend our nation,” he said.
“Spenser Rapone held a security clearance, but he advocated violence against political opponents and expressed admiration for Private Manning, a traitor who provided troves of classified information to Wikileaks. Rapone clearly was and is a national security threat,” he said.
On Wednesday, Rubio, in a letter to Army Secretary Ryan McCarthy, called on the Army to immediately kick him out, require him to pay back his West Point tuition, and consider revoking his degree.
He also requested “all relevant information” within 30 days regarding West Point's efforts to ensure cadets “who actively support the destruction of our government do not waste more taxpayer funds.”
Rapone first came under media scrutiny last week after he posted two photos of himself in uniform at his West Point graduation ceremony with a sign that said, “Communism will win,” and another showing he was wearing a Che Guevara T-shirt underneath his uniform.
This is Spencer Rapone he attends @WestPoint_USMA this is vile and disgusting. Please let @WestPoint_USMA hear our voices. pic.twitter.com/Uj4sVNRkeY — Doc Holliday (@DocH0IIiLiday) September 26, 2017
His Instagram profile also showed he had taken a picture of himself in uniform with a nametag indicating he was a socialist organizer.
West Point said in a statement at the time that “certain expressions of political speech in uniform” were prohibited. It also said Rapone's chain of command at his current unit, the 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division, based at Fort Drum, New York, was investigating the matter and that they were “prepared to assist … as required.”
According to a Facebook post by Rapone's father, which has since been deleted, Rapone applied to West Point right out of high school but was rejected.
He then enlisted in the Army, deployed to Afghanistan as an Army Ranger with the 1st Battalion, 75th Ranger Regiment. He was “released for standards,” which means he was released from the regiment due to not living up to standards, conduct, or performance — a black mark on his record.
But he successfully re-applied to West Point with the help of then-U.S. Rep. Jason Altmire (D-NJ), who has since disavowed him.
Rapone attended West Point from 2012 to 2016 and was then assigned to the 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division. He began Ranger School in February 2017 but did not complete it.
According to SOFREP, he failed one of the phases of the school and became so irate with the school commanders that he was made to start the entire process over, after which he made the decision to leave — another black mark on his record.
Nowell has been the main option for Washington in the closing seconds of close games this season and he was able to get into the lane, but Ayton was there to block the attempt. Green had been deadly when given open looks all night and was unmarked on the wing after the defence had collapsed. Emmanuel Akot made a late attempt to get a hand in Green's face, but the shot was already gone, setting off a raucous celebration that included students storming the court.
"I just knew I was going to get it up as quick as I can," Green said. "I knew there was only two or three seconds left."
Washington played inspired from the start and led by as many as 14 early in the second half.
A run by Arizona felt inevitable and it finally arrived. Parker Jackson-Cartwright got to the rim on a second-chance opportunity and his three-point play pulled Arizona even at 61-all with 7:05 left. Ayton's jumper on Arizona's next possession pushed the Wildcats in front for the first time and the teams exchanged the lead six more times over the next three minutes.
Green's corner 3 with 1:19 left pulled the Huskies even at 73-all. It turned out not to be the most important 3-pointer he'd make.
"Dom made a legendary play for Husky basketball," Hopkins said.
ROMAR RETURNS
Current Arizona assistant coach Lorenzo Romar made his first return to Washington, where he was the head coach for 15 seasons before being fired last March following a 9-22 season. Romar was greeted with a standing ovation and chants of "Romar" when he took the court with the rest of the Arizona coaching staff minutes before tipoff. Washington also showed a brief video of Romar's accomplishments during pregame introductions.
BIG PICTURE
Arizona: The Wildcats inability to get anything from behind the 3-point line was huge. Arizona was 2 of 12 on 3s after entering the game shooting 40 per cent from deep.
Washington: The Huskies employed a similar defensive strategy to their win over Kansas in December. Washington was willing to let the Wildcats shoot 15-footers but challenged 3-point attempts and shots down low. The strategy worked in the first half when the Wildcats shot just 36 per cent. But Ayton started knocking down the free-throw line jumpers in the second half to help the Wildcats rally.
UP NEXT
Arizona: The Wildcats return home to face UCLA next Thursday.
Washington: The Huskies travel to Oregon next Thursday
By Tim Booth, The Associated Press
Galway United have been drawn away to North end United in the First Round Of The Irish Daily Mail FAI Cup with the game taking place on the weekend of the 12th of August.
Newly appointed Galway United manager Alan Murphy gave his thoughts of the draw to John Mulligan and also stressed the importance of a good home crowd next Friday night when Galway United face Athlone Town in the SSE Airtricity League First Division at Eamon Deacy Park
Xavier University - Ateneo de Cagayan marks the 119th Philippine Independece Day by being reminded of the value of freedom and the dangers of martial law
Published 8:52 PM, June 13, 2017
CAGAYAN DE ORO, Philippines – Xavier University (XU) - Ateneo de Cagayan celebrated the 119th Philippine Independence Day by being reminded of the value of freedom amid the crisis of terrorism.
Within the university gymnasium, Xavier Ateneo students, along with the faculty and administrators, waved the country's flag as the hymns of Francisco Santiago and Ildefonso Santos's Pilipinas Kong Mahal and George Canseco's Ako ay Pilipino resonated in musical performances.
XU president Fr. Roberto C. Yap SJ began the program by reading the Ateneo presidents' statement on the martial law declaration in his speech.
On May 23, President Rodrigo Duterte declared martial law over Mindanao, following the clashes between government forces and the Maute group in Marawi City.
“The undersigned wholeheartedly support the members of the Armed Forces and the police who give their last full measure of devotion so that our country may be safe,” Yap remarked.
The students were reminded of the dangers of martial law and why they need to be vigilant. (READ: Martial Law 101: Things you should know)
Wary of martial law
“We have more than a decade of reasons to be wary of martial law,” Yap said. "A martial law limited in scope, enforced with discipline and restraint, with respect for the Constitution and the inviolability of human rights, can solve specific problems." (READ: Questions you need to ask about martial law in Mindanao)
“We trust our President when he tells us that martial rule shall only be limited and temporary,” Yap added, before concluding with the call for the community to pray for peace and justice in Marawi and in Mindanao.
Students tied ribbons on tree branches as the music continued to resound throughout the gym.
Each ribbon represents the colors of the Philippine flag – an artistic symbol of the commitment to nationalism, according to Xavier Center for Culture and the Arts director Hobart Savior.
“It is also a symbol of patriotism for the attainment of peace,” said Savior, who also directed the event.
Terrorism, Savior said, can be fought through artistic means. “I think we have the responsibility to mirror and hammer our understanding and consciousness for our own people and land, of our own context and situation.”
Savior said the design is a representation of the “uprooted community” that had been displaced from their land due to the crisis.
“The design presents layers of understanding,” he said.
He also enumerated several privileges that Filipinos should have apart from independence.
“The masses achieve freedom with the provision of food security, justice, and social welfare, among the many rights they are bestowed," he said.
Shared responsibility
For Senior High School Media and Information Literacy instructor Jay Rhen Galagnara, the freedom to post on social media may have its own costs.
Exercising freedom means also considering the responsibility that comes with it.
“As a (media and information literacy) instructor, I teach my students to practice [their] freedom of expression and speech by being responsible for what they post online," he said.
Galagnara further discourages his students from spreading fake news, which may trigger aggression and perpetuate false information.
Instead, he encourages students to use media to sharpen their knowledge on local, national, and global issues.
For XU - Junior High School prefect of student affairs Joseph Saga, awareness is key to fully grasp freedom and inspire others to practice theirs.
“Part of my duty is to make them aware,” Saga shared. “Activities like this give the opportunity for the faculty and students to be aware; to be culturally integrated is what we need to inculcate.”
Last month, a significant number of students, members of the faculty, administrators, as well as the university's alumni volunteered in the Tabang Marawi (Help Marawi) relief operations which deployed more than 3,000 Halal-certified relief goods packed by volunteers in the campus to refugees in evacuation centers. (READ: Groups call for donations for crisis-hit Marawi)
“We know how much our freedom means to us and what it can mean for them,” said SHS student Jay Edloy. – Rappler.com
Angelo Lorenzo is one of the lead Movers in Cagayan de Oro
Since being diagnosed with endometriosis, Tia Mowry has reformed her diet to help ease her symptoms. She stays away from dairy and processed sugars, and often goes on “vegan detoxes” when she's feeling sluggish but primarily, the actress focuses on a diet filled with “whole foods.”
“That's fruits, vegetables, seeds, and whole grains,” she tells PEOPLE. “It's foods that are not processed and packaged.”
So as a busy mom, the Tia Mowry At Home star, who partnered up with Baileys to help launch their new almond milk liqueur, Almande, is constantly looking to fit those foods in on the fly.
“Smoothies are the perfect way to get your fruits and vegetables all in one sitting. It's so easy, it's quick, you just throw everything in a blender and then you're ready to go and go about your day,” she says. “Smoothies are definitely something that I load up on every single day. That's my go-to.”
RELATED: Fergie and Josh Duhamel Have Been Drinking This Smoothie ‘Every Day for the Past 7 Years'
Her preferred blend includes frozen bananas, frozen strawberries and coconut milk. “It's just nice and creamy and then you have your potassium in there to help you throughout the day,” she says. “You can throw in an avocado to get your healthy fats, or you could throw some spinach in there if you want.”
Smoothies are also Mowry's secret weapon for sneaking in healthy foods into her son's diets. “[Cree, 5] doesn't even notice! And all the while, he's getting fiber, vitamins and minerals,” she writes in her new cookbook, Whole New You.
WATCH THIS: Butternut Squash Fettuccine Alfredo Is the Healthy(-ish) Pasta Dinner You Need
Mowry's own daily food diary might also include gluten-free pancakes, kale and almond fried rice for lunch and a light fish with veggies for dinner. “What I eat and what I put into my body is extremely important to me,” she adds.
In addition to a healthy diet, Mowry relies on fermented foods to fight the severe abdominal pain caused by her endometriosis. “A lot of people don't know about fermented foods and their benefits,” she says. After working with a dietician, the Sister, Sister star discovered the healing powers of foods like miso, kimchi and sauerkraut.
“They are loaded with good bacteria that just keep the gut flora nice and balanced and able to fight off inflammation and free radicals in the body,” she says.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Myer is set to unveil a first-half profit plunge of at least 35 per cent as it battles falling sales and a push by its biggest shareholder to overthrow the board.
The embattled department store chain, which is reportedly considering former David Jones boss Paul Zahra as the successor to departed chief executive Richard Umbers, will announce the results on Wednesday having already said it expects net profit to fall by between 35 and 41 per cent.
Myer flagged a 3.6 per cent slump in sales for the six months to January after sharp falls in sales during the key December and January trading months.
It said it expected a profit of between $37 million and $41 million, down from $62.8 million for the same period last year.
The results are likely to prompt further ire from Myer's largest shareholder, retail veteran Solomon Lew.
Mr Lew, whose Premier Investments has lost $63 million on Myer since taking an 11 per cent stake a year ago, has been highly critical and is set on calling an extraordinary general meeting to oust the entire board.
One of the major concerns for investors is Myer's debt levels, analysts have said.
UBS analysts have said it would only take a two to three per cent sales miss for Myer to be at risk of breaching lenders' conditions either in the second half of the current financial year or in the following year.
International entrants including Zara, H&M, Sephora and Uniqlo have lured customers away from department stores and increased pressure on margins.
Rival department store David Jones is also showing the strain with its first-half profit down 39 per cent on a year ago.
Its South African parent company, Woolworths Holdings, last month wrote down the value of the David Jones by $713 million due to challenges facing the retail industry.
THE body of a Melbourne hiker has been found at a popular state park after his disappearance sparked a major air and land search.
David Occhipinti, from Noble Park North, had been missing since the late Sunday afternoon when he set off for Werribee Gorge State Park at Pentland Hills, about 70km northwest of Melbourne's CBD.
Searchers located the 35-year-old's body at the base of the gorge about 7pm last night.
REWARD DOUBLED IN HUNT FOR MISSING MAN
Camera Icon David Occhipinti posted this image on his Facebook page before going missing. Picture: Supplied
Camera Icon The body of David Occhipinti, 35, was found at Werribee Gorge. Picture: Supplied
The hiker, 35, had been planning to complete a 10km walk around the gorge's circuit track and was at the western lookout about 3.30pm.
During the hike, Mr Occhipinti posted images of himself on his Facebook page at the lookout and Blackwood Pool, and Picnic Point at the park.
The missing man's friends and family were at the national park yesterday after raising the alarm upon his failure to return.
A family friend told the Herald Sun thatMr Occhipinti was a forklift driver at Woolworths Distribution Centre in Mulgrave.
He was due to start his shift yesterday at 6am but did not call or show up to work.
His managers are understood to have asked after him and spoke to his cousins, who also work there, and found out he was missing.
Workers described him as “quiet and nice” and said he “keeps to himself at work.”
Camera Icon Mr Occhipinti's was found at the bottom of a gorge at Werribee Gorge State Park. Picture: News Limited
ART SHINES LIGHT ON PLIGHT OF MISSING
As part of the search, the police air wing scoured the 575 hectare park from the skies, as state emergency service search crews did a sweep of marked tracks.
A police search and rescue team also searched for Mr Occhipinti off-track.
Mr Occhipinti was due to arrive home from his hike about 7pm on Sunday.
Police said he had not been carrying a GPS device. He had a mobile phone but reception was limited in the national park. He also had a small supply of food and water with him.
It is believed he had been mountain bike riding.
Camera Icon Mr Occhipinti was a semi-experienced walker. Picture: Supplied Camera Icon Police will prepare a report of his death for the coroner. Picture: Supplied
The semi-experienced hiker was known to have visited Werribee Gorge State Park at least twice before.
Police found the man's car in a nearby car park overnight.
A report will be prepared for the Coroner.
Anyone with information is urged to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or at
www.crimestoppersvic.com.au.
ashley.argoon@news.com.au
@ashargoon
WE SEE WOOD, HE SEES OPPORTUNITY Woodworker Crafts A Gorgeous Dining Table From Scratch With Japanese Joinery
We're guessing when he designed the table, he hadn't anticipated what his children were going to do in the end.
With the warming temperatures this past week a few of the Wetaskiwin County roads are being affected by the rising waters. On Range Road 264 the overflow has receded and reveals the eroded road beneath.
More running water and warm weather: On TWP 464A the floodwaters had the road covered on Saturday, April 21, 2018. Photos by Christina Komives
Stu.salkeld@pipestoneflyer.ca
Galway bay fm newsroom – Pope Francis has appointed Bishop Brendan Kelly as the new Bishop of Galway, Kilmacduagh and Kilfenora.
The post of Bishop of Galway has been vacant for over a year since the retirement of Bishop Martin Drennan in July 2016.
Speaking at Galway Cathedral in the past hour, Bishop Kelly says he's ‘still somewhat in shock' at his appointment to the diocese.
Since Bishop Drennan's retirement, the diocese has been run by Parish Priest of Moycullen, Canon Michael McLoughlin.
The graduate education system in the United States is rightly considered the best in the world. But Republicans in the House of Representatives have passed a bill that would undermine America's great universities and the nation's preeminence in scientific research, submitting to the self-serving interests of their wealthy donors (see “Stop Emissions”).
One provision of the lower chamber's tax overhaul, which now must be reconciled with the Senate's short-sighted measure approved last week, would seize money from struggling graduate students and hand it to the nation's richest 1 percent. It would prevent many students from pursuing advanced degrees and engaging in the critical research that drives our nation's long-term economic growth.
Graduate students at Stanford, where I am a professor by courtesy, earn approximately $40,000 per year. But graduate tuition fees at the university can exceed $16,000 per quarter, adding up to more than $64,000 per year if students take on a full course load through the year. These fees are typically waived for students who are doing grant-supported work in scientific or engineering fields.
Sign up for The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Sign Up Thank you — please check your email to complete your sign up. Incorrect email format Manage your newsletter preferences
The Republican plan is to tax these tuition fees as if they were normal, take-home income. Graduate students would have to pay income tax as if they made over $100,000 per year instead of $40,000. This would make it impossible to live in the expensive San Francisco Bay Area for many, and it would knock down the financial foundations of graduate education in the United States. It would cripple the nation as a world leader in science and technology.
Many people misunderstand the role of graduate students at elite research universities. One of the primary goals of such institutions is to produce high-impact research results. University professors get grants to conduct such studies, and their graduate students and postdocs supply the labor that actually executes most of this contracted work.
The students gain an education. The university generates research. And the world benefits from both.
Oscar Bolton Green
Indeed, Stanford has been instrumental in fostering and sustaining innovation in Silicon Valley, one of the most vibrant economic environments the world has ever known. Sergey Brin and Larry Page's PhD dissertation work at Stanford formed the basis of Google, which now employs more than 70,000 people. Other university spinouts include Cisco, Sun Microsystems, and Yahoo, among many other companies driving innovations in law, medicine, and clean energy (see “A Material That Throws Heat into Space Could Soon Reinvent Air-Conditioning”). In 2016 alone, Stanford filed 289 patents and signed 141 license agreements, including licenses to 32 companies based “primarily on Stanford technology,” according to the Office of Technology Licensing's annual report.
Related Story Tax Overhaul Hammers Clean Energy and Electric Cars Wind industry fears as much as $50 billion in investments could be at risk.
Before I went to graduate school, I worked for a software firm in New York City. They sent me to sales training so that I might be better positioned to market our services.
Should the cost of that sales training have been regarded as taxable income for me? Clearly not. Training of workers should be regarded as an expense to the employer, to whom the benefits accrue. And the same should go for colleges.
The American university system is a national treasure and an economic engine. It is simply disgusting that politicians would jeopardize it to satisfy the immediate interests of the rich and their own hunger for power.
The best we can hope for now is that this deeply misguided measure is killed during reconciliation with the Senate version of the bill. But it's little comfort that we're relying on the deliberative wisdom of Senate Republicans, who packed their own bill with giveaways to the ultra-wealthy, to rein in the worst tendencies of their House colleagues.
Higher taxes should fall on the rich who have already benefited the most from America's technological ascendancy, not young, cash-strapped students. Long-term economic growth depends on helping people like Google's Brin and Page to study and work in America's great universities.
Congress should do everything it can to support highly motivated, brilliant, and creative young students with the resources they need to create the new technologies that improve our lives and the new companies that improve our economy.
Ken Caldeira is a senior scientist in the Department of Global Ecology at the Carnegie Institution for Science and a professor by courtesy in the Stanford University Department of Earth System Science.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
After six days in court, a verdict has been reached in the Taylor Swift groping trial. After deliberating for several hours, a jury in a Denver courtroom ruled that former radio host David Mueller assaulted and battered Swift at a meet-and-greet photo session at the Pepsi Center in June 2013.
Swift is being awarded $1. Her mother Andrea and a member of her management team, Frank Bell, did not intentionally interfere with Mueller's KYGO contract, the jury ruled.
After the verdict was read, Swift hugged her attorneys and her teary-eyed mother before mouthing the words “thank you” to the jury. Mueller and his team remained expressionless.
“I want to thank Judge William J. Martinez and the jury for their careful consideration, my attorneys Doug Baldridge, Danielle Foley, Jay Schaudies and Katie Wright for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault, and especially anyone who offered their support throughout this four-year ordeal and two-year long trial process,” Swift said in a statement obtained by PEOPLE.
“I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life, in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this. My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard. Therefore, I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves.”
Baldridge also gave a brief statement on the steps of the courthouse. “I think it's a new day, because someone with the guts and the courage to stand up with absolutely no upside in doing so—that being Taylor Swift—has told everyone, ‘This is it, the line's drawn.'”
The verdict came after an emotional day for Swift, who watched as Mueller's lawyer, Gabe McFarland, argued before an eight-person jury that her allegations of assault destroyed his client's career. When McFarland claimed that Mueller “is not the guy” who grabbed Swift's backside, the 27-year-old star shook her head and mouthed the word, “Wow.”
She became even more emotional when McFarland turned his attention to the photo taken during the alleged incident, which has become something of a smoking gun in this case.
“Is that the face of someone who's had someone grab their butt? Who is shocked?” he asked the jury. “There's nothing in Taylor Swift's face to suggest anything is wrong.” Meanwhile, Swift herself turned away from the public gallery towards her mother and dabbed tears from her eyes.
Swift regained her composure and leaned back in her chair as she listened to her attorney, Douglas Baldridge, deliver his statement, recalling Swift's Aug. 10 testimony during which she said: “I am not going to allow you or your client to make me feel like this is my fault, because it isn't.”
“To use Andrea Swift's words, I don't know whether to ‘vomit or cry' when I see a member of the bar subscribe to that re-victimization,” continued Baldridge.
Swift's lawyer also called Mueller's case a “game of chicken” where “victims are prone to blink rather than relive the shame and humiliation of what took place.” He also noted the token $1 Swift is seeking in damages, “the single value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation.”
“It means no, and it tells every woman that they will determine what is tolerable to their body,” he added.
It was a trial filled with passionate rhetoric, often by Swift herself. The 27-year-old took the stand on Thursday, testifying for about an hour against Mueller.
“It was a definite grab, [a] very long grab,” Swift said in court. “It was long enough for me to be completely sure it was intentional.”
Afterwards, “a light switched off in my personality,” Swift said, and added that she “just looked at the floor. I couldn't look at either of them [Mueller or his girlfriend at the time, Shannon Melcher], and I just said in monotone, ‘Thanks for coming.'”
When Swift was asked about how she reacted upon learning about Mueller's termination, she said, “I didn't have a reaction to a strange person I didn't know losing his job…that was a product of his decisions, not mine.”
She continued: “I don't know anything about Mr. Mueller. I don't know him. I think what he did was despicable, horrifying, shocking, but I don't know him at all.”
Swift's mother Andrea also provided powerful testimony when she took the stand Wednesday, detailing how she “wanted to vomit and cry” after her daughter told her about the alleged groping.
“I knew there was something horribly wrong in that picture,” Andrea said of the photo with Mueller. “I know those eyes better than anybody. She was pulling away. She has that smile frozen on her face, but there's something going on in her eyes. I just looked at it and I was sickened.”
Swift, was “really shaken, she was humiliated, she was horribly embarrassed because he grabbed her bare ass,” Andrea testified.
During opening statements last Tuesday, Baldridge told the jury panel that the singer is “taking a stand for all women” and that “this is a case of sexual assault in the workplace.”
“A woman is assaulted. She reports it and she gets sued … it doesn't make sense,” added Swift's lawyer. “She's trying to tell people out there that you can say no when someone grabs you no matter who they are.”
The trial took place over the course of six days, but that was just the final battle in a legal war that stretches back over two years. Mueller first sued Swift in 2015, claiming he lost his job after the singer's security team accused him of groping her butt during a meet-and-greet at the Pepsi Center in June of 2013.
Mueller denied the allegations and also accused his colleague of sexually assaulting the singer, but a rep for Swift told PEOPLE at the time that “the radio station was given evidence immediately after the incident” and “made their independent decision.”
One month later, the “Out of the Woods” singer countersued Mueller, saying in court papers he “intentionally reached under her skirt, and groped with his hand an intimate part of her body in an inappropriate manner, against her will, and without her permission.”
Swift scored an early victory on Friday, when Judge William J. Martinez dismissed Mueller's case that the pop star got him fired, citing insufficient evidence. However, his case against Swift's mother, Andrea, was not dismissed and Swift's case against Mueller for sexual assault remains ongoing.
In his ruling, the judge said Mueller had filed claims of interference with contract against Swift personally rather than 13 Management, the company under which Andrea Swift and Frank Bell — who works with her management team — are employed. “Simply put, it is far too late for the plaintiff to argue that he had filed the wrong claims against the wrong people,” he said.
The ‘mythical beast' is described as a helmeted wormlike animal that lived in the ocean approximately 500 million years ago and also had a series of spikes running down its back.
The newly discovered creature has been named Orthrozanclus elongate.
If I had one wish for the future of health and health care, it would be a simple one. Lawmakers and agency policymakers would use evidence to develop public policy. Policy decisions and resource allocation would be driven by data and prioritized by long-term return on investment.
For one thing, that would lead to placing a higher priority on preventing, rather than treating illnesses.
Here are just a few examples of public health prevention investments that would pay dividends:
Teen births are a primary cause of inter-generational poverty and result in higher health care costs and increased reliance on public benefits. Simple interventions to reduce teen births have a dramatic effect on reducing these bad outcomes. Colorado has invested in a Long-acting Reversible Contraception initiative (LARC) that has greatly reduced teen pregnancy and abortion rates and has a 6:1 return on investment in health care costs. Their initiative will also pay additional long-term dividends with less lifetime reliance on public benefits like Medicaid and food stamps.
More than half of U.S. children experience adverse experiences like physical or sexual abuse, and more than 20 percent live in poverty, contributing to a range of expensive physical, mental and behavioral health issues. Supporting nurse-family home visits for high-risk families has a return on investment of 6:1 just in health care costs.
One in three children will develop type 2 diabetes in their lifetime. The data suggest that, if we spent $10 per person on evidence-based community prevention programs to increase physical activity, improve nutrition, and reduce tobacco use, we could save the country more than $16 billion annually in health care costs, a 6:1 return on investment.
Income is the number one determinant of overall health status and a significant driver of health care costs for chronic medical conditions and reliance on public benefits. A recent report from the Arizona Board of Regents found that persons with an undergraduate degree earn 82 percent more than those with a high-school diploma. Making college more affordable and increasing access to post-high school options is a great way to improve long-term health outcomes and reduce dependence on public benefits.
We spend a lot of time and money pulling people out at the bottom of the waterfall. Let's focus more on things we can do to scoop them out of the water at the top – or better yet, keep them out of dangerous water all together.
— Will Humble is the executive director for the Arizona Public Health Association and former director of the Arizona Department of Health Services. Connect with him at willhumble@azpha.org.
___________________________________________________________
The views expressed in guest commentaries are those of the author and are not the views of the Arizona Capitol Times.
GEARY COUNTY-Law enforcement authorities in Geary County are investigating a suspect for alleged road rage incident.
On Saturday afternoon, deputies were dispatched to the area of US 77 Highway near Fort Riley for a white Dodge Ram 2500 truck where a gun had been waved out a window towards another vehicle, according to a media release.
Dispatch also advised the reporting party believed the subject had gained entry to Fort Riley by use of the Estes Gate.
Deputies talked with two Junction City residents who said the pickup had cut them off and then slowed down to 30 miles-per-hour in a construction zone.
The drivers also said the passenger in the vehicle pulled out a gun and waved it out the window with their finger on the trigger.
Deputies checked the area but were unable to locate the vehicle.
At approximately 5:30 p.m. on Saturday dispatch advised authorities that Fort Riley had the vehicle stopped at Estes Gate.
Deputies arrested Isaac Torgerson, Fort Riley, on suspicion of Aggravated Assault.
A woman in Tennessee was arrested Tuesday for what police called a false rape claim, according to reports.
Sarah Elizabeth Suddarth, 24, reportedly told police she was sexually assaulted at a man's home in December 2016. But after an investigation, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation concluded her story did not ring true, WHNT reported.
According to a press release, the Bureau noted that after starting its investigation last January, a Fentress County Grand Jury returned an indictment of the woman with one count of filing a false report.
Suddarth was booked into the Fentress County Jail on a $2,500 bond.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston.
The Wonder Of You: Elvis Presley With The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra presents the iconic artist's unmistakable voice and most dramatic original performances augmented with lush new orchestral accompaniment. Recorded at Abbey Road Studios in London with acclaimed producers Don Reedman and Nick Patrick, the album spans a variety of musical styles that Elvis embraced, from rock and gospel to country and ballads. Featuring beloved Presley classics along with several surprises, standout tracks include a sultry new version of “A Big Hunk O' Love,” the glorious “Amazing Grace,” the heartfelt emotion of “Kentucky Rain” and a stunning new take on the classic “Always On My Mind.” The new album is the follow-up to the global phenomenon “If I Can Dream: Elvis Presley With The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra,” released in 2015.
January is Elvis Presley's birthday month. And we want to celebrate Elvis in a big way! And what better way to do it than with a vinyl giveaway from Goldmine! Goldmine and Sony Legacy have teamed up for a FANtastic Elvis GOLDMINE GIVEAWAY! Enter January 1 to February 15 for a chance to win a 2-LP set of “The Wonder Of You: Elvis Presley With The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra.” All you have to do to enter is put your email address in the box below by February 15 11:59 p.m. You will be immediately entered into the Giveaway and as a bonus you will receive Goldmine's informative weekly eNewsletter (collecting news/tips and exclusive articles and interviews with your favorite classic artists). The winner will be randomly drawn on or about February 16.
× Merck CEO quits Trump council over Charlottesville
One of America's most prominent black CEOs quit President Trump's manufacturing council on Monday over Trump's failure to condemn white supremacists.
Kenneth Frazier of Merck said in a statement: “America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy.”
Within minutes, Trump attacked him on Twitter, saying Frazier's resignation will give him “more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!”
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
Frazier did not mention the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, in his statement, but he did say that “as a matter of personal conscience, I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism.”
That appeared to be a reference to Trump's statement over the weekend blaming violence “on many sides” after neo-Nazis and white nationalists clashed with counter-protesters.
Frazier is one of the country's most prominent black corporate executives and was the only black male CEO named to the council in January.
His exit marks another rebuke to Trump from corporate America. Trump's June 1 decision to leave the Paris climate accord led Tesla CEO Elon Musk to step down from the manufacturing panel as well as a separate business advisory council.
Frazier appeared at the White House just last month to promote an agreement between Merck, Pfizer and Corning to create 1,000 jobs.
Trump formed the manufacturing council a week after his inauguration as part of a push to create jobs. At the time, the White House hailed the council, including Frazier, as “some of the world's most successful and creative business leaders.”
At the group's first meeting in January, Trump shook Frazier's hand after the CEO talked up efforts to bring manufacturing jobs back to the U.S. for a cancer drug.
“That's very good,” Trump said at the time.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (WATE) – An East Tennessee woman is still in shock over images and videos of her hometown in Puerto Rico.
Her entire family still lives on the island and is recovering from Hurricane Maria.
“For me it's hard to wrap my head around it that they can't do the things that we are so used to being able to do. But that's the state of emergency,” said Marissa Morales, a Puerto Rican native.
Morales has lived in Knoxville since 2009. She moved to East Tennessee to work at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory. She's the only member of her family living on mainland U.S.
“If my family needs help, nobody can get there. Or they cannot go out and get help if they need to. It's just been extremely, extremely, extremely hard,” said Morales.
Morales says it took 12 days to hear from her mother that her family was safe. She says their homes are still standing but they don't have power or running water.
When she finally spoke to her mother, she asked what they needed, what she describes as everyday necessities. Morales ordered mosquito spray and batteries online and is waiting to send them to her family.
She says if anyone learns anything from her story, it's that families in Puerto Rico like hers need help.
East Tennessee for Puerto Rico is hosting a donation drive Saturday October 6, from 10:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. at the Tennessee Valley Unitarian Universalist Church.
Expat pay more complicated than the exchange rate
Experts trained in how to balance the expectations of international workers with the strategic, financial and practical constraints faced by the employer are in high demand.
The driver of this demand is the technology that makes a larger international mobile workforce possible.
“Aligning an expatriate's reward expectations with company policy is an intricate science,” says Nicol Mullins, chartered reward specialist and chairperson of the International Mobility Group at the South African Reward Association (SARA).
International assignees must get a fair pay package in return for their willingness to uproot themselves from their local support system. Employers should however not hand over a blank cheque.
If a company pays for staff to take their pets on a foreign assignment, does that include the relocation cost for an employee's horse? Would a female employee be able to develop her career in Saudi Arabia? Will a country's high tax rate overwhelm the benefits of an otherwise handsome remuneration package? Considerations like these are often overlooked when dealing with expatriates, especially for urgent deployments.
This is where the services of an International Mobility Reward Specialist prove invaluable. According to Nicol, expatriate reward programmes must be based on a comprehensive set of policies for each foreign destination to which employees may be assigned.
“Mobility specialists are businesses' architects of expatriate reward programmes,” he says. “They are also the custodians of the standard by which all international deployment decisions will be made.”
A Mobility Reward specialist develops the what and how of expatriate remuneration and benefits; the International Mobility Policy and the International Mobility Framework derived from it.
The International Mobility Policy is informed by a large body of tax, immigration, legislation, cultural and other data about selected destinations, gathered and correlated by the mobility specialist. They consider rewards in terms of identified trends, best practices and their organisation's own HR remuneration directives.
“It is because of the complexity of the knowledge required that expatriate reward programmes should be treated differently than local reward calculations,” explains Nicol.
Co-ordination
While the mobility specialist must have a good knowledge of each subject their policies address, it is impossible to know the intimate details of visas, legislation, tax or lifestyle for every target location. For this, they build and leverage a network of validated and reliable foreign area specialists, like relocation agents, tax advisors and environmental adjustment consultants.
“These service providers are like the pieces on a chessboard,” Nicol explains. “Without a dedicated organising authority like the mobility specialist, companies would struggle to coordinate the efforts and interests of all stakeholders.”
Protecting the investment
Ultimately, an expatriate is deployed to achieve a corporate goal, making their remuneration only part of a larger investment.
Many foreign assignments fail because an accompanying partner is unable to adapt to an unfamiliar lifestyle, culture or surroundings. Another common problem is the lack of a visa for the partner that allows them to pursue fulfilling their own purpose.
“It is a pity when either the rewards or the total investment are devalued or even rendered worthless by unforeseen problems that could have been anticipated,” says Nicol.
“A mobility specialist will track cases where a successful transition was achieved in a specific environment. They will also be able to identify the best solution to potential problems, ensuring the employer's objectives are not derailed.”
Bringing order
The greatest advantage of employing an International Mobility Reward Specialist is that they prevent the foreign assignment dynamic from devolving into a chaotic and costly mess.
“No organisation that deploys expatriates is too small to benefit from the order that mobility policies and controls establish,” concludes Nicol.
HOUSTON >> The Angels continued a couple disturbing streaks.
Not only did they lose their sixth game in a row, falling 3-0 to the Houston Astros on Monday night, but they've now gone 20 consecutive innings without scoring.
Since scoring a run in the seventh inning on Saturday, the Angels have been blanked over the last two games. It was the first time since July 2012 that the Angels were shut out in consecutive games.
In Monday's loss, they had plenty of baserunners early, but couldn't cash in any of them, partly because of bad luck.
In the third, with two outs and runners on the corners, Jefry Marte hit a line drive right to third baseman Marwin Gonzalez.
In the fourth, Martin Maldonado singled. The Angels, trying to avoid a double play, then sent Maldonado on a hit-and-run. Yunel Escobar's grounder up the middle, however, was right at second baseman Jose Altuve, who had moved to cover the bag.
The Angels had nine baserunners against Houston starter Charlie Morton in his five innings. Once the Astros bullpen came into the game, the Angels did nothing with Chris Devenski, Luke Gregerson or Ken Giles.
The offensive outage, which has seen the Angels score just nine runs in the six losses, made for a tough loss for starter Jesse Chavez.
Chavez pitched seven innings, making two straight games in which an Angels starter went seven after none had gotten past six in the first 12 games.
Chavez finished with a flourish, holding the Astros to three singles over his last four innings. The Astros did not have a runner in scoring position after the third.
Chavez could have given up only one run, if not for a mistake by Escobar, the third baseman.
With one out in the second, Evan Gattis hit a grounder down the line, but Escobar fielded it with enough time to stop and plant for a throw to get the slow-footed catcher. He chucked it down the first-base line instead. It was ruled a singe and an error. Gattis came around to score on Alex Bregman's single.
The Angels played some nice defense, including Ben Revere making a leaping catch of a Carlos Beltran drive at the left field fence. Right fielder Kole Calhoun made a nice running grab of an Altuve liner. Maldonado, the catcher, also rifled a perfect throw to nail Bregman trying to steal.
Advertisement
In the eighth, second baseman Danny Espinosa made a great throw on a relay to nail Altuve trying to stretch a double into a triple.
Love letters dedicated to immigrants took over social media this Valentine's Day.
The #ToImmigrantsWithLove letter writing campaign is a joint project of the nonprofit organization Define American and the Am An Immigrant movement. According to the site made for the campaign, it was created for immigrants and allies to “publicly acknowledge that we are standing with immigrants no matter what.”
On Valentine's Day, celebrating my parents, spouse & other immigrants who have accomplished so much for our country. #ToImmigrantsWithLove — Cecilia Muñoz (@cecmunoz) February 14, 2017
This campaign comes just days after the Immigration and Customs Enforcement department's first concerted effort to arrest undocumented immigrants during the Trump administration. ICE enforcement actions were seen across the nation this past week in cities such as Austin, Texas, and Los Angeles.
Despite the ICE action, people continue to show support for immigrants across social media. One such supporter is Rep. Linda Sanchez, D-California. Sanchez shared her love letter on Instagram on Tuesday. “Immigrants like my mom and dad are what make this country great again,” Sanchez wrote.
Immigrants like my mom and dad are what make this country great. #toimmigrantswithlove A post shared by Congresswoman Linda Sanchez (@replindasanchez) on Feb 14, 2017 at 9:27am PST
While some messages are personal, others take a broader approach, addressing all immigrants in the United States. A letter tweeted by Democratic Nevada Sen. Cortez Masto said, “Dear immigrants, you are welcome here.”
Our nation is enriched by contributions made by immigrants and I'm a proud granddaughter of one. #ToImmigrantsWithLove pic.twitter.com/58PYYwEVFJ — Senator Cortez Masto (@SenCortezMasto) February 14, 2017
Participants have shown their support by using the hashtag or by uploading a love letter video to the site. As of Tuesday afternoon, the campaign had sparked more than 12,000 tweets, with politicians, celebrities and regular folks voicing their support.
My father was an immigrant and my mother's parents, too. Immigration made this nation strong and will keep it strong. #ToImmigrantsWithLove pic.twitter.com/pyE1YQ2pZh — George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) February 14, 2017
For Ananya Munjal, a daughter of two immigrants, the campaign is personal. Both her parents moved from their native India to the United States in 1997.
“Coming to America was my dad's biggest dream,” said Munjal. She used the campaign to tweet a tribute to her parents, who are celebrating their 21st Valentine's Day together.
For my parents who are celebrating their 21st Valentine's Day together #ToImmigrantsWithLove pic.twitter.com/M67uu06Nu9 — Ananya Munjal (@AnanyaMunjjj_) February 14, 2017
“I was hoping to honor two wonderful people who have worked hard and given back to the community that has given so much to them,” said Munjal.
By Meg Warner
An Oceanfront Situation Room?
The U.S. House's top investigative committee wants an explanation for reports that President Donald Trump discussed classified information over the weekend as he dined on the open-air patio of his Florida resort, surrounded by wealthy club members also enjoying the terrace.
The chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, sent a letter to the White House Tuesday asking for details about Trump's Saturday night dinner meeting at Mar-a-Lago with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzō Abe, which had been photographed by club patrons who witnessed it unfold.
The patio meal occurred around the same time that North Korea fired a ballistic missile, prompting some guests to speculate that the talk at Trump's table was about the launch.
“While the President is always on duty, and cannot dictate the timing of when he needs to receive sensitive information about urgent matters, we hope the White House will cooperate in providing the Committee with additional information,” Chaffetz said in his letter to White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus.
The committee asked the White House to identify documents the president was seen reviewing at the table and detail the security protocols — if there were any — in place, including the ways in which guests at the Palm Beach members-only club are screened. Mar-a-Lago members pay a hefty $200,000 initiation fee as well as annual dues of $14,000.
The White House on Tuesday insisted that the dinner table conversation was about the “logistics” of an upcoming press conference about the nuclear missile — not North Korea's launch itself. Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Trump had been briefed on the launch before the dinner, in a military-grade secure area.
Presidential business as club members watch
News of the dinner table conversation broke after several Mar-a-Lago Club members recounted the situation on social media.
Witnesses said they were on the patio when a “flurry of activity” broke out at Trump's table, where he was dining with Abe and other officials, just after the North Korean missile launch.
Palm Beach Daily News reporter Shannon Donnelly said that she was one of about 100 club members dining on the terrace at the time.
“As staff members and heads of state huddled at the table for 24 [people], printed reports were passed around and examined by the light of cell phones or flashlights. Notes were scribbled. A uniformed service member carrying the battered leather schoolbag moved closer to the table,” she wrote.
Richard DeAgazio, another member, shared photos showing Trump talking on the phone while seated next to Abe.
“HOLY MOLY !! It was fascinating to watch the flurry of activity at dinner when the news came that North Korea had launched a missile in the direction of Japan. … Wow…..the center of the action!!!” he wrote in the now-deleted Facebook post.
Carrying the ‘football'
In a separate Facebook post, DeAgazio posted a photo of himself at Mar-a-Lago with a Trump aide he claimed carried the ‘nuclear football,” a leather bag that contains the nuclear launch codes. The football travels with the president everywhere he goes, so Trump had access to the codes as club members snapped photos during the dinner.
But Trump, of course, isn't the only world leader with access to nuclear power. North Korea boasted about its Saturday launch, calling it a successful test of a new type of missile.
In January, North Korea said it could launch a missile at anytime, and claimed it was forced to ramp up nuclear power due to the U.S.'s hostility toward the Asian nation. While North Korea did not threaten to directly attack the U.S., the comments indicate the ongoing tense relationship between the two countries.
And Trump has returned the hostile tone. On Monday, he vowed to “deal with” the “big, big problem” of North Korea, although he did not elaborate on what that could mean.
During the presidential transaction, Trump said he'd make nuclear power a top priority, and vowed to expand the U.S.'s weapons arsenal. In December, he reportedly encouraged a new arms race, boasting about how the U.S. could ramp up its arms supply.
“We will outmatch them at every pass and outlast them all,” he said.
(Adds company news items, futures)
March 31 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening down 19 points at 7,351 points on Friday, according to financial bookmakers, with futures down 0.4 percent ahead of the cash market open.
* CHESNARA: Chesnara Plc, an insurance-focused takeover specialist, said on Friday it was "optimistic" that the UK acquisition market would become more active as uncertainty caused by regulatory changes and Solvency II capital rules reduces.
* BT: Britain's telecoms regulator said it planned to promote investment in faster broadband by cutting the price that network operator BT can charge other operators for connections with download speeds of up to 40 Mbit per second.
* DIAGEO: Diageo, the world's largest spirits maker, spotted in 2015 that drinkers in the emerging middle class in Ghana and Cameroon were keen to show off their new status by buying their own bottles of Johnnie Walker rather than shots.
* BRITAIN TREASURY: The British government said on Friday it has sold a portfolio of mortgages that were issued by failed lender Bradford & Bingley to insurer Prudential and buyout firm Blackstone, for 11.8 billion pounds ($14.7 billion).
* BRITAIN HOUSE PRICES: British house prices fell in March for the first time since mid-2015, mortgage lender Nationwide said on Friday, another sign that households are turning more cautious as the country prepares to leave the European Union.
* SMITHS GROUP: The U.S. Justice Department said on Thursday it will require Smiths Group Plc to divest Morpho Detection LLC and Morpho Detection International LLC's global explosive trace detection business for Smiths to proceed with its proposed $710 million acquisition of Morpho from Safran SA .
* JOHN LEWIS: John Lewis, Britain's largest department store operator, is hopeful any downturn in consumer spending will see history repeat itself with a "flight to quality" rather than consumers opting to trade down, its new boss said on Thursday.
* BRITAIN M&A: Mergers and acquisitions (M&A) activity involving British companies remained relatively robust in the first quarter of the year despite expectations of a slowdown ahead of the country's divorce from the European Union.
* BRITAIN ECONOMY: British consumer morale steadied in March but households remain downbeat about the outlook for the economy as the process of leaving the European Union gets underway, a survey showed on Friday.
* BREXIT: The European Union will tell Britain on Friday how it aims to negotiate its "orderly withdrawal" from the bloc, limit uncertainties for businesses and pave the way for a close future partnership.
* OIL: Oil prices eased on Friday as traders took profits following three days of straight gains on the expectation that an OPEC-led crude supply cut that was initially supposed to only last for the first half of the year would be extended.
* The UK blue chip FTSE 100 index closed down 0.06 percent at 7,369.52 on Thursday, with mining stocks providing the most support, while stocks trading without their dividends weighed on the market.
* For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets
TODAY'S UK PAPERS
> Financial Times
> Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Siju Varghese; Editing by Sunil Nair)
A man who alleged he was a victim of a historical child sex ring involving high-profile figures including senior political and military individuals has been charged with perverting the course of justice, prosecutors said on Tuesday.
British police launched a major investigation in 2014 after the man, who cannot be named and has only ever been known by the pseudonym of “Nick”, told detectives he had been abused at military locations and at apartments close to parliament.
He also said the paedophile gang had murdered three young boys. The allegations led to ex-lawmaker Harvey Proctor and former army chief Edwin Bramall being identified as suspects in the media after police searched their homes.
His claims were later dismissed and detectives were criticised for dozens of serious failings.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said a 50-year-old man had now been charged with 12 counts of perverting the course of justice and one count of fraud following a new police inquiry.
“The police investigation provided evidence that the man had made a number of false allegations alleging multiple homicides and sexual abuse said to have been carried out in the 1970s and 1980s,” said Frank Ferguson, the CPS Head of Special Crime.
“Following careful consideration, we have concluded there is sufficient evidence to bring a number of criminal charges.”
The charges included that he “made a false allegation of witnessing the child homicide of an unnamed boy committed by Mr Harvey Proctor” and that he alleged he had been abused by a paedophile ring involving senior ranking military officers and an unnamed TV presenter.
When the allegations were first made, police described the claims as “credible and true”, comments which detectives later acknowledged were misleading.
Police closed down the “Operation Midland” in 2016 and a review found serious mistakes had been made in the investigation and in a similar inquiry which had examined allegations about Leon Brittan, a former home secretary (interior minister) in Margaret Thatcher's government in the 1980s.
Brittan died in 2015 without knowing he would not face prosecution while police later apologised to Proctor and Bramall and paid them compensation.
Operation Midland was launched after a series of child sex scandals and revelations that celebrities, such as former BBC star Jimmy Savile, had been involved in widespread abuse.
–Reuters
By Lee Zimmerman
TRAVIS EDWARD PIKE
OUTSIDE THE BOX
(Otherworld Cottage Industries)
Genre: Pop
Summary: It's hardly surprising, especially given Travis Pike's wide array of endeavors — from making music to authoring books to working in film — that he's an eclectic auteur. The aptly dubbed Outside the Box epitomizes that scattershot diversity of direction, with a selection of songs that effectively covers a wide variety of different genres and dissimilar styles. Teamed with his younger brother Adam, it veers from the winsome to the wacky, without sacrificing the melodic intent. Suffice it to say, it only underscores the appeal.
TRAVIS EDWARD PIKE
GRUMPUSS — 20th Anniversary Platinum Edition
(Otherworld Cottage Industries)
Genre: Fantasy, Story-telling
Summary: A retelling of Pike's unlikely tale of “a large surly cat,” a mystical monster of terrifying proportions, the two-disc Grumpuss finds the author providing a narrative that's not unlike a traditional tale from the Middle Ages. The author's affectation of an English accent requires the listener to lean in closely to fully appreciate all the wacky wordplay, but Pike's obvious enthusiasm alone allows for some superb storytelling.
TRAVIS EDWARD PIKE
MORNINGSTONE MUSIC
(Otherworld Cottage Industries)
Genre: Pop
Summary: A story set to music, and not unlike a pop opera of sorts, Morningstone Music has Pike imagining an ancient world that's reimagined in the ‘80s, one inhabited by characters with strange, supernatural powers and the ability to seduce and distract those of the opposite sex. It's an ever-twisting tale of mysticism and magic, and though the music and melodies are skilful spectacular, intriguing and expressive, the listener is best advised to read the liner notes to fully appreciate the plot.
TRAVIS EDWARD PIKE
TEA PARTY SNACK PLATTER
(Otherworld Cottage Industries)
Genre: Rock
Summary: Prior to claiming a career as a storyteller and composer, Travis Pike began his musical journey at the helm of a Boston band modestly dubbed Travis Pike's Tea Party. Though they only released one single, and their tenure was brief, lasting only from 1967 – '68, they still sound like they could have been worthy contenders as far as that archival era was considered. Indeed, all of the songs included herein are radio worthy and hold up surprisingly well, even some 50 years past their prime. Timeless and tuneful, these re-recordings compare favorably with anything offered up by the Monkees, the Raiders, the McCoys, the Standells, and all the others of that ilk.
TRAVIS EDWARD PIKE
Feelin' Better
(Otherworld Cottage Industries)
Genre: Pop, Rock
Summary: Another archival effort, Feelin Better revisits songs written for a proposed reunion with Pike's overseas ‘60s back-up band, The Five Beats. Some songs made it to the score of a cult film called Feelin' Good, and all boast hit potential, thanks to this series of perky, punchy performances by this current combo. Here again, the songs are of a vintage variety, but the arrangements meld both classic and contemporary elements. Pike may not have gotten his due early on, but this belated return makes the wait worthwhile.
Go to www.travisedwardpike.com for more information
State Representative John Raney on WTAW
District 14 State Representative John Raney of Bryan discussed funding special items, his committee appointment, Proposition 7, the rainy day fund, and more during his appearance on The Infomaniacs on Wednesday, February 15.
Click below to hear John Raney visiting with WTAW's Scott DeLucia.
JohnRaney021517
If you're short on time but want something yummy to make on game day, these sliders will be perfect! With or without cole slaw, your guests and family will love them.
Game Day Meatball sliders
Ingredients:
32 ounce bags frozen homestyle meatballs
17 ounce bottle barbecue sauce
18 small dinner rolls
shredded cheddar-jack cheese
cole slaw
Method:
Place meatballs and sauce in a large pot
Pour barbecue sauce over the meatballs, stir
Warm over medium heat until meatballs thaw and become completely hot, stirring frequently
Slice buns in half horizontally, top with three hot meatballs, a generous sprinkling of cheese, and a tablespoon of cole slaw.
Enjoy!
Talk about running wild!
A giraffe named Thabisa escaped her enclosure at the Fort Wayne Children's Zoo in Indiana, leading to some frolicking around in one of the zoo's parking lots for the animal and a couple tense hours for staff.
Video from the Associated Press shows workers trying to herd the calf with large sheets.
The zoo announced via their Twitter account Monday afternoon, “It was a zoo here today (pun intended), but we are happy to report that Thabisa is safe and sound.”
Thabisa the Giraffe Cathie Rowand/The Journal-Gazette/AP
“As many of you may know, Thabisa decided to have a little adventure today,” they said in a statement. “Thanks for all of your concern, but after realizing our nonpublic parking lot near the giraffe barn wasn't all that exciting, she decided to go back into the barn all on her own. She remained on zoo property for the duration of her adventure, and is now resting safely behind the scenes.”
It was a zoo here today (pun intended), but we are happy to report that Thabisa is safe and sound. pic.twitter.com/fuipLdoTtS — Fort Wayne Kid's Zoo (@fwkidszoo) April 23, 2018
The Associated Press reported that it is unclear how Thabisa, who joined the zoo's giraffe herd in November, escaped.
RELATED VIDEO: Meet Baby Wakati!
Fort Wayne Children's Zoo said this was their first such incident in the four decades of having giraffes.
“We will re-evaluate our giraffe exhibit and take extra precautions to ensure the continued safety of our animals and staff,” the facility said.
Sorry folks, but with her little face and big ears, Thabisa definitely takes the cake for world's cutest baby. #NoImCuter @zoos_aquariums pic.twitter.com/APvnZQFnLc — Fort Wayne Kid's Zoo (@fwkidszoo) December 21, 2017
Can't get enough of cats, dogs and other furry friends? Click here to get the cutest pet news and photos delivered directly to your inbox.
Perhaps the zoo should take a cue from Japan's Ueno Zoo and their famous (and viral) escaped animal drills. Each year, the zoo has a keeper dress up in an animal costume and run “rampant” before being “brought down” by their coworkers.
"Shit happens," is how he put it. It happens with disturbing randomness.
But the narrative of the Creator incarnating into human form shows that God understands the human condition intimately. And that narrative, if true, is a game-changer. It creates a way to find meaning and purpose, and a way through suffering. In this, genuine thanksgiving is possible.
"So let's keep our questions open," he said. Because if we ask the wrong questions with the wrong tools (How far is it to the colour yellow? Or, how heavy is one hour?) then we won't get satisfying answers.
The atheist wondered aloud why God would become a human to sacrifice himself at the hands of himself to save humans from himself.
And so it went. Back and forth.
"We're running out of time to solve this God thing," said the moderator, and before we knew it everyone was eating sandwiches, then leaving, the lost and found, both, finding their way home in the darkness, carrying their thoughts with them.
The entire affair was civil and respectful in fashion showing what a Canadian university can be in its best moments. It was the U of T's theological school, Wycliffe College, that brought in the pair: Michael Shermer, the American academic and editor-in-chief of Skeptic Magazine, and Alister McGrath, the Christian humanist from Oxford University.
If only we'd experience more of such open dialogue, regardless of shade of faith, or lack of. (Because doesn't life, like art, if it's art worth anything, need both light and shadow?)
It was Kierkegaard who said that no person has the right to delude another into the belief that faith is something of no great significance, that it's an easy matter, when, in truth, it's among the greatest and most difficult things in life.
And Sartre said both believer and doubter need to take their dark and searing vision into account, otherwise either or both will be left frail and shallow.
Thanksgiving, it seems to me, is a suitable time to consider these truths, maybe the most suitable time.
Amid politically correct fears so common in Canadian universities, I imagine that enough thinking young people would be especially thankful. Thankful for refreshing and safe spaces where they can listen and speak honestly in their own language.
And maybe even feel the wind.
Find Thomas Froese at thomasfroese.com
Construction giant CIMIC has announced three new major contracts for its companies, including design and construction for Victoria's multi-billion dollar West Gate Tunnel project.
In a 50:50 joint venture with John Holland, CIMIC's CPB Contractors will share design and construction on the expanded $6.7 billion West Gate tunnel project.
Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews on Tuesday said CPB and John Holland would immediately begin setting up a construction compound in Footscray, where work on the northern tunnel portal will begin in January.
Major construction is expected to begin in earnest early in 2018 with the project, worth around $2.5 billion to CPB Contractors, scheduled to open to traffic in 2022
In North Queensland, CIMIC company UGL will provide engineering procurement and construction for a 270MW solar farm project, as part of Genex Power's Kidston hydro-solar and "giant water battery" project.
That project is expected to generate 783 gigawatt hours of renewable electricity, equivalent to powering around 140,000 Australian homes per year.
Managing director Jason Spears said UGL had technical expertise in linking renewable generation assets to the electricity grid and had already delivered five solar projects and has five more in the pipeline.
The total revenue deliverable to UGL had not yet been finalised, Mr Spears said.
Also, CIMIC Group's mineral processing company, Sedgman, has been awarded contracts worth almost $100 million by QCoal Group to deliver facilities at the greenfield Byerwen Coal Mine in Central Queensland.
It grew to fruition or maturity because of the toil and sweat of men and women many of us never see except from inside a passing car.
And it wouldn't be on our plates this weekend if it weren't for Ontario's farmers.
In a society increasingly urban and distanced from country ways, people are suddenly becoming more aware of the food they eat, where it comes from and why it's good to buy what's grown locally or elsewhere in Canada.
This makes perfect sense.
There's nothing like biting into a cob of corn picked a few hours earlier a few kilometres away. The cellophane-wrapped variety from south of the border is no substitute.
Nor can a tomato trucked thousands of kilometres from Mexico match one from an Ontario vine for sweet succulence.
But there are other reasons, besides freshness and food safety, why we should value what happens on the 4.9 million hectares of the 49,600 farms in Ontario.
For one, it's the economy: Cash receipts from the livestock and crops from these operations are worth $12.6 billion a year to the economy.
Moreover, what the farmers produce must be transported, processed and sold to consumers — and this sustains a vast food sector.
Statistics from a 2013 Ontario Federation of Agriculture report revealed agriculture in this province supports nearly 158,000 jobs with $8.1 billion in wages and salaries.
Meanwhile, as we increasingly feel the impact of climate change, buying what's grown closer to our homes in Ontario often helps reduce our carbon footprint by cutting down on the emissions that come from trucking the food across the continent.
None of this means we can't drink coffee or eat a banana.
However, it's wonderful to savour the strawberries, peaches, apples, carrots and potatoes from Ontario farms and in their special season.
As people across Ontario celebrate the riches of the land that give us life this weekend, they should thank the people who made it possible, who labour hard, who work with nature while knowing its challenges and who may not have a real holiday because they still have work to do.
For what we are about to receive, may we be truly grateful — to the farmers.
John Roe
Brazil's President Michel Temer listens to questions from the media during LAAD, the biggest military industry expo in Latin America in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Pilar Olivares
BRASILIA Brazil's government could widen its fiscal deficit target for 2018 as revenue collection remains weak given the slow pace of economic recovery, two officials involved in the policy discussion said on Wednesday.
It was the first time members of Brazil's economic team have acknowledged a possible change to the primary deficit goal of 79 billion reais ($25.54 billion) for next year, amid efforts by the administration to rebalance its accounts after nearly three years of recession.
"We are keeping 79 billion but with the tendency to revise it," said one of the officials, who asked for anonymity because he is not allowed to speak publicly. "We will need to seek extraordinary revenues in 2018."
The market is forecasting a deficit of 118.3 billion reais next year, according to estimates collected by the finance ministry.
President Michel Temer was forced to cancel payroll tax breaks for 50 sectors and freeze 42 billion reais in budget spending to meet this year's deficit goal of 139 billion reais.
A painfully slow recovery from the country's deepest recession ever has undermined tax collection and called into question Temer's capacity to significantly reduce a deficit that cost Brazil its investment grade rating.
The official said the government has ruled out tax increases to meet this or next year's goals, but stressed authorities will have to seek one-off revenues such as concession fees and the sale of state assets.
To meet this year's budget, the government considered increasing the Pis/Cofins federal taxes on gasoline, but political pressure forced Temer to backtrack.
With elections looming in 2018 and a sweeping corruption investigation ensnaring dozens of politicians, Temer's allies in Congress are calling for more action to revive the economy.
A slew of negative data in January raised concerns, but the government still believes the economy will return to positive territory in the first quarter, the official said.
To alleviate its finances this year the government aims to collect more than 10 billion reais in revenues from a program to give amnesty to Brazilians who pay taxes and fines on undeclared assets held abroad, the official said.
The government has until April 15 to deliver its 2018 budget guidelines officially setting its primary deficit goal for next year.
($1 = 3.0928 reais)
(Reporting by Alonso Soto; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Ku Klux Klan members who were to be the subjects of a reality television series about their lives have alleged that producers of the show paid them to fake scenes, recite specific dialogue and even paid for materials for cross burnings.
A&E canceled its series Escaping the KKK: A Documentary Exposing Hate in America last week after the network announced it had discovered that cash payments were made to some of the subjects of the series “in order to facilitate access.”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The highly controversial documentary was to explore the relationships of Klan members and their families, including those trying to leave the white supremacist group, and was advertised to viewers as a no-holds-barred account of life inside the organization.
But according to an investigation by Variety, some KKK members featured in the documentary allege they were instructed by producers to do and say certain things, including using the racial slur “n*gger” in interviews and to re-shoot certain scenes until the production was satisfied.
“We were betrayed by the producers and A&E,” one of the series' subjects, KKK Grand Dragon Richard Nichols, told Variety. “It was all made up — pretty much everything we said and did was fake and because that is what the film people told us to do and say.”
Nichols told the outlet he was approached to appear in the series by producers who said they wanted to show what life was really like in the Klan. But Nichols claims he was paid $600 per day to participate in the series and that scenes involving himself and a young man he attempted to “recruit” into the KKK were all made up, as were scenes involving a cross burning in his hometown of Pulaski, Tennessee.
“It was the producers who told me they wanted a cross-lighting,” he told Variety. “In fact they made two cross-lightings because they wanted to reshoot some scenes. They bought everything—the wood, the burlap to wrap around the wood, the diesel and kerosene for my cross lighting. They even brought all the food for everyone.”
Two leaders of other KKK groups featured in the series claim they were paid $500 per day to participate and said they had played along with pre-planned storylines at the request of producers.
A spokesperson for A&E said the network planned to conduct a “full independent investigation” into the production, while production company This Is Just A Test offered its own statement.
“We take these allegations very seriously and in partnership with A&E we will be looking into them fully,” the statement said. “We have been told that participants in the series have received threats and coerced into speaking out against the authenticity of the show.”
Escaping the KKK was scheduled to premiere on A&E on January 10. A rep for the network did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum
Shareholders DE Shaw, M&G, Sothic say Petropavlovsk needs change
LONDON, June 14 Shareholders DE Shaw, M&G and Sothic said in a statement on Wednesday London-listed gold miner Petropavlovsk's board needs an overhaul, but they have no intention of taking control of the company.
The best Northern Rata flowering in a decade has occurred this summer, however Forest and Bird are worried that this may not happen again due to the threat of possums and myrtle rust.
Newly released drone footage shows rich, red, heaving flowering of Norther Rata which dominates the forest skyline in Northland following seven years of pest control.
Forest and Bird are warning the trees survival is down to us because it's a favourite food of possums.
Forests across the country are continuing to collapse due to possums, Forest and Bird said in a statement.
"Native rain forest canopies should be lush greens but they greyness you see in the drone footage is from decades of possum attack," Dean Baigent-Mercer from Forest and Bird said.
"The flowering northern rātā has basically dodged a bullet thanks to pest control and is starting to recover. But in areas nearby without pest control the forest is slowly collapsing – just as any native forest is across the country without pest control is."
He said research shows possum-wrecked native forest canopies can take 20 years to recover.
Gulf Coast Coaching Clinic: Brett Favre said he knew when the writing was on the wall
Admiral Harry Harris, the tough head of the US Pacific Command, appears to have shifted course from Canberra to the choppy waters of South Korea.
Admiral Harris was nominated by US President Donald Trump in February to fill the longtime vacant US Ambassador to Australia role, but his appearance before a congressional committee in Washington DC on Tuesday was suddenly postponed.
Then word leaked out the man Mr Trump wants to be the next US Secretary of State, CIA Director Mike Pompeo, wants Admiral Harris to fill the key post of ambassador to South Korea.
A White House official confirmed to the Washington Post Mr Trump was also keen for a switch, although no names were offered on who could fill the still vacant Canberra role.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull and Foreign Affairs Minister Julie Bishop praised Mr Trump's decision to nominate Admiral Harris for the Canberra post.
Unlike many of Mr Trump's other nominations, Admiral Harris was expected to cruise through the congressional confirmation hearings for the Australian gig.
Admiral Harris was also full of praise for Australia after his nomination was made public.
"Australia is one of the keys to a rules based international order," Admiral Harris, in testimony before the US House Armed Services Committee in February, said.
"They are a key ally of the United States and they have been with us in every major conflict since World War One."
Admiral Harris' nomination will likely not be appreciated by China and North Korea.
The 61-year-old is a China hawk and has controversial theories about North Korea.
He believes North Korean leader Kim Jong-un was pursuing a nuclear arsenal not just to safeguard his rogue regime, but to blackmail South Korea and other countries into reunifying the Korean peninsula into a single Communist nation.
"He is after what his grandfather failed to do and his father failed to do," Admiral Harris testified in February.
The admiral also told the committee China had built "vertically and dramatically" seven new military bases on the Spratly Islands, where China, Taiwan, Vietnam, Brunei, Malaysia, and the Philippines each claim sovereignty.
He also encourages "our friends, allies and partners" to conduct freedom of navigation operations in the area despite upsetting China.
"If they (allies) are operating in the South China Sea that demonstrates to the world the South China Sea is in fact international water space and it is not simply because it has China in its name," Admiral Harris told the committee.
He said he was "deeply concerned about China's heavy investments into the next wave of military technologies, including hypersonic missiles, advanced space and cyber capabilities, and artificial intelligence" and warned if the US does not keep pace it will struggle to compete with China on future battlefields.
Admiral Harris added he was concerned "a cult of personality" in China was growing around President Xi Jinping.
Mr Pompeo is also facing a battle to be approved by Congress for the US Secretary role.
Malacañang on Tuesday assured the public the government would go after barangay (village) officials taking advantage of President Rodrigo Duterte's six-month closure order on Boracay Island and extorting money from local businesses.
Palace spokesman Harry Roque Jr. made the assurance after Sen. Panfilo Lacson over the weekend accused village officials in Boracay of extortion by through an overpriced identification (ID) system.
The world-famous island would be closed to tourists for six months starting April 26.
“I'm sure the DILG (Department of the Interior and Local Government) will look into this,” Roque told reporters during a press conference.
“Secretary Año will not tolerate this if this can be proven,” he added, referring to Interior department officer-in-charge Eduardo Año.
Lacson earlier said he discovered that some local officials were asking P400,000 from businesses in exchange for giving IDs to non-residents working in Boracay, ahead of a “no ID, no entry” policy to be enforced in the tourist spot.
“My information is not based on hearsay. Rather, it was on account of a spontaneous reaction by a friend of mine who was being told that he should cough up P400,000 for IDs that he was requesting for his staff and employees who are based and housed in Boracay,” he said.
“I am sure the barangay officials concerned know who they are. I thought it wise to expose with an advise to DILG to set up entrapment operations, para itigil na nila ang kalokohan nila (so that they will stop their foolishness),” Lacson said in a text message.
He added, “It's huge [money], P400,000. So, that's a racket. Because they were taking advantage of the directive of the President that no one will enter it (Boracay) who is not a resident.”
The issuance of IDs was ordered by the DILG. Starting April 26, only workers and residents with IDs will be allowed to enter the island. The IDs cost P100 to P200.
Lacson has also urged the Senate to include this scam in its ongoing probe into Boracay's problems.
Funds available
Roque also assured the public that a proclamation declaring a state of calamity over the island would come out soon.
“It's just a matter of the President signing it. The people have been told, they know there will be a closure, there will be a declaration of a state of calamity. It's just a matter of the President signing the documents and it can be signed anytime now,” he said.
The Palace official also assured the public that the government would have enough funds to assist locals affected by the closure.
Duterte earlier said the government could make available about P2 billion to locals who would be adversely affected by the temporary closure of Boracay.
Crackdown
The Interagency Council for Traffic said on Tuesday it would conduct a “Tanggal Bulok, Tanggal Usok” (no old vehicles no smoke-belching), campaign in Kalibo and Caticlan prior to the shutdown of the Boracay Island on April 26.
According to I-ACT, it was asked to intervene and conduct anti-colorum (illegal-vehicle) operations in respective areas by the local governments of Kalibo and Caticlan in Aklan.
IACT said it would also study green transport in Boracay to lessen, if not eliminate, environmental risks in the island brought about by excessive smoke emission from vehicles.
Fifteen personnel from I-ACT National and 45 personnel from I-ACT Visayas will conduct anti-colorum and “Tanggal Bulok, Tanggal Usok” operations in Kalibo and Caticlan, I-ACT said.
with BERNADETTE E. TAMAYO AND REICELENE JOY N. IGNACIO
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
DUBLIN (CNS) -- The Irish government announced it will hold a referendum in late May asking citizens whether they want to retain or delete the constitutional article that provides for the equal right to life of the mother and her unborn child "with due regard to the equal right to life of the mother."
If passed, the vote would allow parliament to legislate for abortion. Health Minister Simon Harris has said in this case he would bring forward a proposal to permit abortion on request up to eight weeks' gestation.
But Ireland's leading pro-life advocacy group has warned that any dilution to the country's constitutional protection for the unborn will inevitably lead to abortion on demand.
Commenting after the government's Jan. 29 announcement, Ruth Cullen, Pro Life Campaign spokeswoman, said, "It is a very sad and serious moment for our country.
"The government brought forward a proposal that for the first time in our history would withdraw basic human rights from a group of vulnerable, defenseless individuals instead of strengthening their constitutional protections," she said.
She added that the government cannot disguise how its proposal is solely about stripping unborn babies of all meaningful legal protections.
"The right to life is an inalienable right. It's not something that can be conferred or withheld by the state at its pleasure. The Eighth Amendment acknowledges this basic right to life; it doesn't claim to be its initiator -- merely its protector," she said.
The language in question was added to the Irish Constitution in 1983 as an amendment and became Article 40.3.3.
Cullen predicted that in the coming weeks, it will become clear that the government's proposal would lead to abortion on demand if passed in the referendum.
"As people come to realize this, I have every confidence they will vote to retain the Eighth Amendment with a renewed commitment to building a more welcoming society for expectant mothers and their unborn babies," she said.
The Irish Catholic Bishops' Conference announced Jan. 29 that it would start circulating a weekly newsletter to parishes and religious communities ahead of the vote. According to a note from the Catholic Communications Office, the newsletter, Choose Life 2018, "promotes the church's position on unborn human life and encourages family discussion on this important subject." Parishes have been encouraged to distribute the newsletter with their weekly bulletin.
In a pastoral letter read at all Masses at the weekend, Bishop Kevin Doran of Elphin warned that any move to liberalize abortion laws would pave the way for euthanasia. The bishop claimed removing the Eighth Amendment would pave the way for euthanasia in Ireland, and that this was "the final frontier. If we cross it, there will be no easy way back."
Abortion is available in Ireland in limited circumstances under a controversial 2013 law that saw tense parliamentary debates and the resignation of several legislators who refused to back the change. Abortions are permitted when there is judged to be a substantial risk to the life of the mother, including when a woman says the continuation of the pregnancy leads to suicidal thoughts.
5-year old Turkish boy faces risk of incapability to walk in absence of his jailed mother
Tahir Özger, a five-year old boy whose mother has been imprisoned very recently, was operated in the absence of his mother in Kayseri province, reported Aktif Haber online news portal.
The boy reportedly risks abasia over cerebral palsy because of lack of physiotherapy in the absence of his mother. Five-year-old Tahir Özger, also faces risk of incapability to walk based upon his legs and arms having myotonia if he cannot receive physical therapy on a regular basis.
According to the report, Tahir's mother Gülten Özger was detained on September 29, 2017 in Kayseri province when she was at her father's home although she has explained her son's health situation with the official documents. She was arrested by a local court on October 5, 2017 in Turkey's Adana province on the basis of escape risk despite her son is in need of her care on the account of being 60 percent physically disabled.
Tahir's mother was taking care of his needs along with keeping him company to go to physiotherapy every day until she was detained and put in jail. She has also taken Tahir on daily basis to kindergarten he was enrolled. Tahir's elder sibling has also reportedly begun primary school this year.
Responding to a parliamentary question from pro-Kurdish Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) deputy Müslüm Doğan, Turkey's Justice Minister Abdulhamit Gül said as of April 2017 a total of 594 children under the age of 6 were being kept in Turkish prisons along with their mothers.
Children are taken to prison in the absence of family members to look after them. It has become a common occurrence that both parents are taken into custody, leaving no one to care for the children. The Turkish government, on many occasions, has detained pregnant women as well.
More than 17,000 women in Turkey, many with small children, have been jailed in an unprecedented crackdown and subjected to torture and ill-treatment in detention centers and prisons as part of the government's systematic campaign of intimidation and persecution of critics and opponents, a report titled “Jailing Women In Turkey: Systematic Campaign of Persecution and Fear” released in April by SCF has revealed.
Turkey survived a controversial military coup attempt on July 15, 2016 that killed 249 people. Immediately after the putsch the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) government along with Turkish autocratic President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan pinned the blame on the Gülen movement.
Fethullah Gülen, who inspired the movement, strongly denied having any role in the failed coup and called for an international investigation into it, but President Erdoğan — calling the coup attempt “a gift from God” — and the government initiated a widespread purge aimed at cleansing sympathizers of the movement from within state institutions, dehumanizing its popular figures and putting them in custody.
Turkey's Justice Ministry announced on July 13 that 50,510 people have been arrested and 169,013 have been the subject of legal proceedings on coup charges since the failed coup. Turkish government has also suspended or dismissed more than 150,000 judges, teachers, police and civil servants after the coup attempt.
Related
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
For the first time ever, the UIL will allow high school football regular season games to be televised in 2017. But we aren't talking every Friday night and every game. In fact, this will only happen during week one, and a maximum of two games will be aired live.
The games will be broadcast on Fox Sports' channels across the state, but the network will be allowed to do numerous live look-ins at other games across the state during the evening.
UIL deputy director Jamey Harrison says the best case scenario will be for a 3A or 4A game to be aired live first and then a 6A game to follow. Fox Sports, the Texas High School Coaches Association, the Texas Athletic Directors Association, and the UIL will all have a say in which teams are broadcast on week 1.
So stay tuned East Texas, we could have a game picked to be aired lived during week 1.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All Rights Reserved.
Chennai: Convicted All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) leader VK Sasikala, who is currently lodged in Bengaluru's Parappanna Agrahara Jail, has applied for 15 days parole to attend her husband Natarajan's last rites.
Reportedly, Sasikala is expected to travel to Thanjavur directly by road for the funeral.
Maruthappa passed away on Tuesday at around 1.35 a.m. at the Gleneagles Global hospital in Chennai.
According to the death certificate, the 75-year-old died due to multiple-organ failure.
Shanmuga Priyan, Chief Operation Officer, Gleneagles Global Health City, Chennai, released a statement, stating that every possible attempt was made to sustain his revival. However, despite their best efforts, he was unable to recover.
Natarajan had also undergone a liver and kidney transplant in 2017.
Sasikala is currently serving a four-year imprisonment and is lodged in central prison in Bengaluru in a disproportionate assets case. She was sent to Parappana Agrahara central prison in February last year.
The group's property and fast food units temper the slower performance of its casino and liquor businesses
Published 4:10 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Alliance Global Incorporated, tycoon Andrew Tan's holding firm, saw its net income drop in the 1st half of 2017 following the attack on Resorts World Manila.
In a disclosure to the Philippine Stock Exchange (PSE) on Monday, August 14, Alliance Global reported a net income of P10.1 billion for the January to June period this year, compared to P11.3 billion in the same period in 2016.
The firm's consolidated revenues hit P66.8 billion while net income to owners stood at P6.7 billion in the 1st half of 2017, reflecting a decline of 8% from its year ago level of P7.3 billion.
Subsidiaries
Alliance Global's property and fast food units did well in tempering the slower performance of its integrated resort operations and liquor business.
Its casino business under Travellers International Hotel Group Incorporated suffered a net loss of P312.09 million in the 2nd quarter of 2017. The Resorts World Manila casino had been non-operational for 27 days due to the deadly attack on June 2, which led to gross gaming revenues falling to P9.2 billion in the 1st half of 2017.
Improved hotel operations helped grow its non-gaming revenues in the 1st half of 2017 by 3.9% to about P2 billion, allowing gross revenues to reach P11.2 billion.
Alliance Global's property arm Megaworld Corporation, meanwhile, recorded 11% year-on-year growth in net income to P6.7 billion throughout the 1st half on consolidated revenues of P24.3 billion.
Liquor arm Emperador Incorporated posted a net income of P2.7 billion on revenues of P18.1 billion.
Fast food arm Golden Arches Development Corporation (GADC), which holds the exclusive franchise of McDonald's in the Philippines, saw its net income grow by 20% to P595 million on sales revenues of P12.2 billion. – Rappler.com
Growth is hard. That seems true whether you're talking about personal growth or growth in a company.
I'd like to think I've been working on a bit of both right now.
The Independent is growing again as a result of the hiring of new sales director Cory Smith and account representative Michelle McKenna. They have both already proven themselves to be smart and dedicated workers as well as team players. Thanks go out to both of them for their excellent efforts this month.
This is also one of the times of the year when I personally put in a lot of hours. The majority of businesses in Zion Canyon and Kanab areas, my primary stomping grounds, make their marketing decisions for the year in this 2-to-3-month window. So I am running at a very fast pace in order to contact everyone we serve and those we'd like to in those areas. It's been tiring but also very productive.
We also brought back a former member of our staff, Nikki Slade. While Nikki is very proficient in many areas, the current incarnation of our company requires her to wear a lot of hats she did not previously wear when she worked for us a decade ago. Her jobs as office manager and my personal assistant do not adequately describe the variety of tasks required of her on a weekly basis. She's doing a bang-up job learning the new ropes and has been willing and eager to delve head-on into new tasks. Thank you for your patience and tenacity, Nikki.
The growth in ads in the last month allows us to publish a publication with more overall pages, thereby allowing room for more content. So this 32-page issue of The Independent is up from 24 pages last month, and this 16-page Zion Guide is up from 12 pages last month. Some of the highlights of this April issue of The Independent include Dallas' latest opinion piece, a local album review, Virgin river UDOT info, and a piece about a motion filed by Conserve Southwest Utah, the Conservation Lands Foundation, and The Wilderness Society to intervene in Washington County's appeal in the Interior Board of Land Appeals of the Final Resource Management Plans for the Red Cliffs and Beaver Dam Wash National Conservation Areas.
Additionally, our awesome event coverage includes the cover story on Heritage Theater Group, Brigham's Playhouse, the Beaver Dam Jam, and at the Kanab 10K among a lot of other great events coverage. The Zion Guide expansion allowed us to include both popular hikes and complementary less-traveled hikes features. We also very much enhanced our tips and suggestions in the first two pages of the edition as well as expanded our event calendar and events coverage. We also added a listing of featured businesses in both the Springdale and East Zion/Kanab areas to complement those respective maps.
Let me point out that while the Zion area calendar is pulled from our larger calendar that fills the back pages of each issue of The Independent, the events articles themselves always only appear in one section or the other. That's to say that you'll find all the Springdale and Kanab events still listed in our main calendar, but be sure to check out the more detailed events articles in the Zion Guide section, as those articles only appear there.
On a personal front, even amidst my heavy workload, I have been trying hard to analyze my old habits and behaviors to identify areas where I can improve. I know, for instance, that in this last couple of months of increased workload, I have not done nearly as well as usual to nurture and take care of myself.
As a result, my well-being has suffered. I feel that neglecting doing regular yoga and other physical activity as well as hot baths and massages has negatively affected my mood. But they say awareness is the first step, so it at least I know I need to be taking steps to move back the other direction. I've got to believe that I would do better taking care of my customers if I am at my happiest and most well-balanced state. It certainly is likely to be affecting my other personal relationships.
They say that if you make a public pledge to do something, you are far, far more likely to follow through with it, so today I am recommitting to my effort to prioritize my own personal health and wellness, do yoga regularly, take time to consider what my best nutritional and other inputs can be, do other exercise, and seek out additional means to nurture myself. I have been lucky enough to be blessed with good health, but at 40 years old, I really should not be taking that for granted. I really need to look at opportunities to improve, and if anything, I should be working to be in the best of health I have ever been.
Articles related to “Publisher's Perspective: Growth is hard”
April 20 PLATZER FASTIGHETER HOLDING AB (PUBL)
* ACQUIRES PIREN2 FROM SKANSKA ON LINDHOLMEN
* VALUE OF PROPERTY PIREN2 IS ABOUT SEK 410 MILLION
* HAS REACHED AGREEMENT WITH SKANSKA FASTIGHETER TO ACQUIRE PROPERTY LINDHOLMEN 39: 3, THE PROPERTY HAS BEEN ASSIGNED PROPERTY VALUE OF SEK 410 MILLION Source text: bit.ly/2pF8FwO
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Feb 13, 2016; Toronto, Ontario, Canada; Recording artist Drake and film director Spike Lee react during the dunk contest during the NBA All Star Saturday Night at Air Canada Centre. Mandatory Credit: Bob Donnan-USA TODAY Sports / Reuters Picture Supplied by Action Images
LOS ANGELES Canadian R&B artist Drake kept his reign at the top of the weekly U.S. Billboard 200 album chart on Monday, boosted by strong online streaming of his "More Life" record.
"More Life" sold 16,000 albums and 86,000 songs and was streamed 167 million times in its third week of release, totaling 136,000 album units sold, according to figures from Nielsen SoundScan.
The Billboard 200 album chart tallies units from album sales, song sales (10 songs equal one album) and streaming activity (1,500 streams equal one album).
This is not the first time Drake has dominated the charts on the strength of streaming.
Last year, his "Views" album spent 13 non-consecutive weeks atop the Billboard 200 chart, regularly clocking more than 100 million streams a week.
New entries in the top 10 of the Billboard 200 chart include rapper Kodak Black at No. 3 with "Painting Pictures," heavy metal band Mastodon at No. 7 with "Emperor of Sand" and Christian music group MercyMe at No. 10 with "Lifer."
On the Digital Songs chart, which measures online single sales, rapper Kendrick Lamar debuted at No. 1 with his latest song "Humble" selling 111,000 copies.
(Reporting by Piya Sinha-Roy; Editing by Richard Chang)
PHILIPPINE firefighters said as of this reporting Monday the death toll from a fire in a hotel in the capital Manila had risen to five, after confirming two more fatalities and putting out the blaze a day after it broke out.
All the victims were employees at the hotel casino owned and operated by state gaming regulator Philippine Amusement and Gaming Corp. (Pagcor).
The Bureau of Fire Protection (BFP) said it was still verifying a report that another victim that was brought to the hospital had also died. Several people were injured.
Around 300 guests and more than 70 Pagcor employees, who were evacuated from the Manila Pavilion Hotel and Casino as the fire raged through several floors, have all been accounted for, firefighters said.
The hotel is owned and operated by Acesite (Phils.) Hotel Corp, a subsidiary of Waterfront Philippines, Inc .
“Hotel operations have been temporarily suspended until the proper clearances from the government regulatory agencies have been obtained,” Acesite told the Philippine Stock Exchange on Monday.
The company said it was still waiting for the BFP's final report on what really caused the fire.
firefighters said several floors of the 509-room hotel were “totally damaged” but their investigation was still incomplete.
Shares of Acesite, which said the hotel was its main operating asset, fell as much as 10% at one time during morning trade, while Waterfront shares declined as much as 8.3%. — Reuters
New Delhi: India will host newly promoted Test side Afghanistan for their first-ever Test match, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) announced on Monday.
The dates of the historic Test will be chalked out later, BCCI acting Secretary Amitabh Choudhary announced after a Special General Meeting here.
He said India will also host 81 matches across all the three formats from 2019 to 2023 according to the new Future Tours Programme (FTP).
"Afghans were scheduled to play their first Test in 2019 versus Australia but considering the historic relationship between India and Afghanistan, we decided to host their first Test," Choudhary told reporters.
The next FTP cycle at home will include high-profile series against England, South Africa and Australia. Among other important decisions taken at the SGM were lifting the ban on the Rajasthan Cricket Association, provided former IPL czar Lalit Modi stays away from its functioning. "Yes, the ban on the RCA has been lifted but with certain conditions," BCCI acting President C.K. Khanna told IANS. The RCA was suspended by the Indian cricket board in May 2014 when ex-Indian Premier League (IPL) Commissioner Modi was re-elected its president. Since its suspension in 2014, RCA's cricket affairs are being looked after by the BCCI. The RCA filed a suit against its suspension by the BCCI, to which the board had asked the association to withdraw all pending cases and not to involve the cricket board in any case. The Supreme Court-appointed Committee of Administrators (CoA) already dissolved the ad-hoc committee that was constituted to run the affairs in Rajasthan cricket, paving the way for the ban to go. The BCCI also decided against coming under the jurisdiction of the National Anti-Doping Agency (NADA) and reiterated that it already follows the regulations laid down by World Anti Doping Agency (WADA). Stay updated on the go with Sify Live Scores App. Click here to download it for your device
As hundreds, maybe even thousands, of people flock to Southern California beaches this week to escape triple-digit temperatures, meteorologists and beach rescuers say a high surf warning could keep people out of the water.
“We are expecting high surf between 8 and 11 feet for south-facing beaches, including Long Beach, Zuma, and Port Hueneme,” said Keily Delerme with the National Weather Service's Oxnard office. The hazardous beach conditions are expected to create ocean currents that can pull swimmers and surfers out to sea and cause injuries.
Orange County beaches are also expected to all be under the high surf advisory. As of Tuesday, both areas were under a beach hazard statement, said Miguel Miller, with San Diego's NWS office, which covers San Diego, Riverside, San Bernardino and Orange counties.
“Rip currents and big waves are an important thing to know about before heading into the water, and less experienced swimmers should not go out when conditions are not safe for them,” Angela Bennett, spokeswoman for the Huntington Beach Police Department, said. With potentially dangerous ocean conditions, Bennett said, visitors should check with a lifeguard to ensure conditions are safe before going into the water.
She advises families planning to head the beach to seek out a manned lifeguard tower and make a note of its number. Make sure everyone, including children, knows the tower number so they're aware of the location of their family.
Heat wave hits Southern California
The strong high pressure aloft is forecast to expand, leading to a strong warming trend for Thursday and Friday, Miller said. The heat is expected to peak on Friday and Saturday, when the NWS will be issuing an excessive heat watch starting Friday and ending Sunday at midnight.
San Bernardino and Riverside will top out Friday at 113. It will be a blistering Rancho Cucamonga at 111. El Monte will reach 110, Van Nuys 109, Anaheim 107 and Irvine 100.
Several high-temperature records are expected to be broken this weekend, including an 80-degree high in Newport Beach set in 1936 and Riverside's 108-degree record, set on July 6, 1907.
High temperatures are expected to taper off beginning Sunday, according to forecasters.
Authorities remind people not to leave people or pets in vehicles for any length of time. Over time, the temperature inside a vehicle could rise as much as nearly 20 degrees in only 10 minutes.
Beaches can't escape high temps
The beach communities, however, will not be immune to high temperatures.
Although most won't reach above 100 degrees, several Southern California beaches will reach the low to mid 90s mid 90s.
Santa Monica is expected to hit 90 degrees Friday, Malibu will be slightly higher at 91 degrees, Long Beach will be around 94 degrees that day, and Newport Beach will reach about 93 degrees, according to NWS.
“When people come to the beach, especially during times of higher temperatures, they should always remember to stay hydrated,” Bennett said. “Bring water, and realize that even if it is overcast, chances are you may be getting more sun than you realize. So drink lots of water and bring sunscreen.”
She also reminds anyone who plans to visit that alcoholic beverages are not allowed on the beach.
Increased fire danger
The hot and dry conditions coupled with expected gusty winds will have local fire authorities on high alert heading into the weekend.
“Critical fire weather is possible this weekend,” Delerme said.
Cal Fire/Riverside County Fire authorities warned residents to be cautious this weekend due to the weather conditions.
Fire officials warn people to be vigilant when cooking outdoors and to be mindful when using machinery around dry brush.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ben Tapuai is keen to extend his stay at Bath Rugby .
The former Wallaby joined from Super Rugby franchise Western Force in the autumn of 2016 and his current contract is due to expire at the end of this season.
Harlequins would reportedly be interested in the centre – possibly as a replacement for Jamie Roberts – but Tapuai is hoping an agreement can be made so that he and his family can build some more memories in the West Country.
Speaking after the 24-20 Champions Cup defeat to Toulon, he said: “It's still early days in terms of negotiations, but I've really enjoyed my time at Bath so far.
“I really get on with the boys, they're a great bunch. If all goes well, I'd like to stay on.”
(Image: David Rogers/Getty Images)
Tapuai was disappointed the mental and physical effort the team put in at Stade Felix Mayol only ended up winning them a losing bonus point.
They led for much of the contest thanks to tries from Anthony Watson and Jonathan Joseph, plus ten points from the boot of Rhys Priestland, but Toulon struck the decisive blow four minutes from time when Anthony Belleau scored a converted try.
It was another bruising encounter from a defensive point of view – Bath made well over 200 tackles again – but Tapuai was pleased with some of the attacking endeavour, especially in the first half.
Tapuai and Joseph had the pleasure of marking of the biggest centre partnerships in world rugby – Ma'a Nonu and Mathieu Bastareaud.
(Image: AFP Photo/Bertrand Langlois)
Five things we learned from Bath Rugby's 24-20 defeat to Toulon in the Champions Cup
Tapuai added: “We worked ourselves into some good positions out there and caused them a lot of trouble.
“Our attacking shape was running well in that first half, but they crept back into it.
“I thought we had them with 20 minutes to go. We're very disappointed.
“I can't fault the effort we put in. What it showed us is that we've got to play for the full 80 minutes against a team like Toulon.
“There was a lot of good work out there and it gives us confidence when we play them again next week.”
He was one of several players hoping for the ball when Kahn Fotuali'i was intercepted late on by Facundo Isa; turning what would have been a Bath try into an attacking 5m scrum for the hosts and, ultimately, the winning score.
Tapuai, 28, added: “I was screaming for the ball because I knew they were back-tracking and we had numbers.
“It's one of those frustrating ones where if we had managed to score we could have closed the game out.”
JACKSBORO, Tenn. (WATE) – At first glance, you might think Campbell County's number 12 is playing the wrong position.
When asked about it, Cougars Head Coach Justin Price laughs. “Our offensive line coach always talks about how there's my big left tackle walking in. We're big up front, so he'd fit right in with them.”
“He's a big old refrigerator,” says senior offensive lineman Gary Seibers. “I mean, I'll go to QB, he looks just like me.”
Zach Rutherford, the number 12 in question, shrugs it off.
“They like to say I'm too big to be a quarterback, but it doesn't bother me much.”
There's no two ways about it. The senior quarterback is big – in size, stature and skill.
“He makes us coaches look good a lot of times because he makes some unreal throws,” says Price.
His skill set was on full display last Friday. The LaFollette native racked up 316 yards and four touchdowns in Campbell County's win over Powell.
“He understands there's a lot riding on him on Friday nights, and he handles it so well,” remarks his head coach.
In much the same way, Rutherford handled the adversity he faced his sophomore season well, too. In his first ever start at quarterback for the Cougars, he tore his meniscus and MCL, sidelining him until the playoffs.
“It kinda just puts a chip on your shoulder that you have something to prove,” says Rutherford.
“I think that's kind of motivated Zach to the player that he is today,” adds Price. “He never takes a day off. He's really used that as fuel to his fire to be the best player he can be and help our team be successful.”
Rutherford's religion and faith helped him stand tall as he worked his way back from the injury.
“I trusted his plan. I figured maybe I didn't get a sophomore season, but there would be something bigger waiting for me down the road.”
The road since has been filled with wins. Campbell County is 13-4 since the start of 2016, and well on their way to their fifth straight playoff appearance. The senior sees himself staying in the game, too.
“Maybe as a personal trainer, maybe as a coach. Even if football doesn't work out for me as a player, I'd love to be able to benefit other people's lives.”
His head coach, who praises his quarterback's tremendous football IQ, agrees.
“There's no doubt that whatever Zach chooses to do after the season, he'll be successful at it because of the way he approaches everything.”
Advertisement
NEW YORK, April 13 Influential bond investor Bill Gross on Thursday stepped up his warning to investors not to be tempted into buying equities, high-yield junk bonds and other asset classes, given the possibility that U.S. President Donald Trump might fail to enact policies that fuel economic growth.
"Equity markets are priced for too much hope, high-yield junk bond markets for too much growth, and all asset prices elevated to artificial levels that only a model-driven, historically-biased investor would believe could lead to returns resembling the past six years, or the decades predating Lehman," Gross said in his latest Investment Outlook. "High rates of growth, and the productivity that drives it, are likely distant memories from a bygone era."
Gross, who runs the Janus Global Unconstrained Bond Fund, earlier this year said investors should not be allured by the "Trump mirage," of 3-4 percent economic growth and the "magical benefits" of tax cuts combined with deregulation.
Trump told the Fox Business network this week that he wants to tackle the healthcare issue before tax reform. "I have to do healthcare first, I want to do it first to really do it right," Trump said.
Trump said that although tax reform is critical to growth and businesses large and small, "hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars" would be saved by repealing and replacing Obamacare, which would help with tax reform.
Gross said U.S. stock and corporate debt markets have rallied on expectations that tax reform would get done sooner rather than later.
"Can the Trump agenda re-create 3 percent growth?" Gross asked in his April report to clients. "Well now, that is the investment question of the hour/day/decade and its conclusion, unlike romance on a desert island, will determine the level of asset prices across the investment spectrum."
Growth is productivity dependent, Gross said, noting that Northwestern University economist Robert Gordon has long argued that lower productivity may now be a function of having picked all of the "low-hanging fruit," such as electrification and other gains from 20th century technology.
"Then there is the obvious connection between recent years' low levels of private sector investment, which perhaps begs another question as to why that is so low," Gross said.
"Optimists claim that the future benefit of smartphones and medical technology have yet to have an impact and that eventually - much like the introduction of the automobile - they will lead to a resumption of historical trends." (Reporting by Jennifer Ablan, editing by G Crosse)
HARVEY COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities offered an explanation on why they stopped a school bus Thursday in Newton.
On Thursday afternoon, police responded to report of a student with a gun on a school bus in Newton, according to a social media report.
Officers “responded rapidly to ensure the safety of children on board” and stopped the bus in the 300 block of East 1st Street.
As they arrived, officers learned the gun was a toy and immediately began “de-escalating the situation.”
The young student who brought the toy onto the bus was given a ride to the nearby district office where the child's mother could respond to take the child home.
Police reminded that “While this may have been a freighting situation for everyone on board the bus, we take threats to the safety of our community's children seriously and will respond in a rapid and professional manner.”
Police released no additional details. The school did not release information on the incident.
Audrina Patridge and her estranged husband Corey Bohan have reached a living agreement in court.
The former 'Hills' star filed for divorce from the BMX professional last month and obtained a temporary restraining order against him amid allegations he was "emotionally abusive", and he has now agreed to move out of their marital home, which is owned by Audrina.
Although the court did not find that Corey was abusive, the restraining order has been reissued with modifications.
He had been living in the house and refusing to leave but he has now agreed to move out and Audrina - who will move back in with their 14-month-old daughter Kirra - will pay him $35,000 towards relocation costs.
A source told E! News: "Audrina is focusing on her child and really just wants this to be over with. She's happy to be back in her house and has worked hard to create a loving home there for Kirra. She likes being in Orange County because she's surrounded and supported by her friends and family."
Corey, 35, has denied the alleged abuse, which the star claimed in court documents.
In the paperwork, she alleged her estranged husband was at home with their daughter one evening, and when she arrived home, he started calling her names, prompting her to head upstairs with their little girl.
However, she claims Corey followed them and then started to tell her how "f***ed up" she was. When she started recording it on video, she alleged he told her to "grow some balls and pull the trigger and file for divorce", before taking her phone and deleting the video.
And Audrina, 32, claimed she was left "shaking" by a separate incident. She alleged that Corey showed up to a beauty event - where Audrina was sat on the panel - and he demanded to know where their daughter was and she claims he told her that he was going to get her.
Audrina had been staying with her family following their split.
Del City's City Manager says he's tired of losing public safety officers to neighboring departments.
He thinks raising wages through by increasing the sales tax is the answer. Last month, three Del City firefighters left to work for the OKC fire department.
The City manager says neighboring metro agencies will pay firefighters around $5 more an hour.
“We cannot compete at this point,” says City Manager of Del City Mark Edwards. “They get hired at some other agency and we lose that training and experience and we have to start all over again.”
Right now, all Del City firefighters and equipment run out of Station 1 due to lack of personnel. Station 2 is virtually abandoned and houses retired equipment, a couple of fire offices and two employees.
Edwards thinks taking the sales tax from 8.5 to 9 percent will put Del City fire and police on a more even playing field. The extra $1.3 million each year would pay for addition police and firefighters and raises.
But at least one local business owner thinks the sales tax hike is a bad idea
“It's going to be rough on us,” says Mid-Del Taco co-owner Sally Scott-Bear. “I think there are other ways than putting this on the small businesses.”
Voters will get to the polls November 14th.
A NEAR-PERFECT round of tipping last week has Chris Garry at the top of the leaderboard after he got seven right, with The Courier-Mail's Chief Sports Writer Robert Craddock, who picked six winners, in pursuit just two points adrift.
Scroll through to see who they — and all of our NRL experts — are tipping for Round 8 this week and leave your own tips in the comments section below.
CHRIS GARRY — 33
Channel 7
Dragons
Warriors
Rabbitohs
Sea Eagles
Panthers
Sharks
Cowboys
Eels
Last week 7
ROBERT CRADDOCK — 31
The Courier-Mail
Roosters
Storm
Rabbitohs
Sea Eagles
Panthers
Titans
Cowboys
Tigers
Last week 6
YVONNE SAMPSON — 30
Fox League
Dragons
Warriors
Rabbitohs
Sea Eagles
Panthers
Titans
Cowboys
Tigers
Last week 4
LUKE TURGEON — 30
The Courier-Mail
Dragons
Warriors
Rabbitohs
Knights
Panthers
Titans
Cowboys
Tigers
Last week 3
SAM SQUIERS — 30
Channel 9
Dragons
Storm
Rabbitohs
Knights
Panthers
Titans
Cowboys
Tigers
Last week 3
Camera Icon Greg Inglis, who plays his 250th game against the Broncos in Round 8. Photo: AAP Picture: AAP
PETER PSALTIS — 29
Radio TAB
Dragons
Storm
Broncos
Knights
Panthers
Sharks
Cowboys
Tigers
Last week 4
PETER BADEL — 28
The Courier-Mail
Roosters
Storm
Rabbitohs
Sea Eagles
Panthers
Sharks
Cowboys
Eels
Last week 7
DARREN LOCKYER — 28
League Legend
Roosters
Storm
Broncos
Sea Eagles
Panthers
Titans
Cowboys
Eels
Last week 5
RIKKI-LEE ARNOLD — 28
The Courier-Mail
Dragons
Storm
Broncos
Knights
Panthers
Titans
Cowboys
Tigers
Last week 3
LARA PITT — 28
Fox League
Dragons
Storm
Rabbitohs
Sea Eagles
Panthers
Sharks
Cowboys
Eels
Last week 5
MIKE COLMAN — 27
The Courier-Mail
Roosters
Storm
Rabbitohs
Knights
Panthers
Sharks
Cowboys
Tigers
Last week 4
DARRYL BROHMAN — 26
Ladbrokes
Dragons
Warriors
Broncos
Sea Eagles
Panthers
Titans
Cowboys
Eels
Last week 4
Camera Icon Ben Hunt of the Dragons and the Roosters' Cooper Cronk ahead of their Anzac Day match. Photo: Phil Hillyard Picture: News Corp Australia
WALLY LEWIS — 25
Channel 9
Dragons
Storm
Rabbitohs
Sea Eagles
Panthers
Sharks
Cowboys
Tigers
Last week 5
TRAVIS MEYN — 25
The Courier-Mail
Roosters
Storm
Rabbitohs
Knights
Panthers
Titans
Cowboys
Eels
Last week 5
GORDEN TALLIS — 23
League legend
Roosters
Storm
Rabbitohs
Knights
Panthers
Titans
Cowboys
Eels
Last week 3
PAUL MALONE — 22
The Courier-Mail
Roosters
Storm
Rabbitohs
Knights
Panthers
Sharks
Cowboys
Tigers
Last week 5
Film convention Cinemacon in Las Vegas gives Hollywood studios the chance to show off some of their upcoming projects to cinema chains and journalists ahead of their release.
Sony Pictures took advantage of that opportunity to preview "Spider-Man: Homecoming" - the first Spider-Man film to be set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe occupied by characters such as Iron Man, The Hulk, Thor and Doctor Strange.
British actor Tom Holland returns as Peter Parker/Spider-Man after making a brief but effective appearance in 'Captain America: Civil War' last year for a movie revolving around him trying to become an Avenger.
"This is something we haven't seen before", said Holland, on the film, the first in the series to fully take place while Spider-Man is in high school.
"We've seen the soldier, we've seen the billionaire, we've seen the god and now it's time to see the kid".
Spider-Man's nemesis in this film is set to be Adrian Toomes, also known as The Vulture, played by "Birdman" and "Batman" star Michael Keaton.
As opposed to Spider-Man, The Vulture is "a regular guy", according to Marvel Studios President Kevin Feige.
"It's fun to see somebody that didn't just have some sort of medical accident that led to superpowers. We get to see him literally with his own two hands build his future."
"Spider-Man: Homecoming" goes on release in the U.S. on July 7.
(Writing by Karishma Singh; Editing by Michael Perry)
ST MORITZ (Reuters) - American Lindsey Vonn pulled out of Sunday's Super G World Cup race at St Moritz, saying she needed to take care of herself in the run-up to the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics in two months' time.
Alpine Skiing - FIS Alpine Skiing World Cup - Women's Alpine Super G - St. Moritz, Switzerland - December 9, 2017 - Lindsey Vonn of the U.S. reacts at the finish line. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
The race itself was later called off due to bad weather.
Vonn, the finest woman skier of her generation, was treated for nearly one hour following Saturday's race on the same course after suffering what she described as an “acute facet (spinal joint) dysfunction.”
She said her back “seized up” near the sixth gate and, although she completed the course, she crumpled after the finish line and was clearly in enormous pain.
“Unfortunately I will not be able to race today,” she said on Twitter.
“I am extremely disappointed but my biggest goal this season is the Olympics and I need to take care of myself now so I can be ready for next week, and more importantly, for February.”
Local News > Archive > February 2017 > 15
<< "WCC adds career coach program" -
School board policy committee talks dress code, bus driver shortage at meeting
By Joey Pitchford
Published in News on February 15, 2017 9:57 AM
The Wayne County Board of Education policy committee discussed several policies Tuesday to be brought before the board at its Feb. 21 work session and March board meeting.
The policies ranged from relatively new initiatives to long-standing debates which may finally be resolved. The latter was the case in the discussion over teacher dress code, which committee chair Jennifer Strickland said has been going on in one form or another for two years.
The proposed policy loosens some aspects of the code, allowing teachers to wear sleeveless dresses and giving principals the latitude to allow "jean days" for teachers as an incentive for hard work or during spirit weeks.
District 3 representative Patricia Burden said that policy was too "wide open" and allowed too much flexibility in how principals can determine dress code. She took issue with a line in the policy reading "Supervisors and school level interpretations shall be given deference," as effectively allowing principals to set dress codes to be whatever they wanted at all times, which is not the intent of the policy.
She said the policy as written would not address the issues it was designed to.
"Sometimes, you can walk into a school and not be able to tell who are the teachers and who are the students," she said. "And it's not because of age, it's because of dress."
The committee also discussed changes to the responsibilities of some employees, specifically instructional assistants and custodial workers. Under the changes to policy 7435, anyone applies for one of those positions would also be expected to obtain and maintain a commercial driver's license in order to drive a school bus if needed. The changes are part of the employment agreement form for those positions, meaning that being able and available to drive a bus if necessary would be considered part of the employee's job description.
Robert Lee, director of transportation, said the changes bring the county in line with others in the surrounding area. He said that instructional assistants and custodians would only be called upon when a bus driver was unable to come to work, and they would be assigned to the shortest routes possible.
District 2 representative Len Henderson expressed concern that adding additional responsibilities outside the skill set of an instructional assistant could drive potential candidates away.
"We need to make sure we are monitoring this to make sure it is not to our detriment," he said. "We could end up decreasing our candidate pool."
Lee said that, while some candidates had come to Wayne County in the past specifically to avoid this kind of policy in surrounding counties, it was still necessary to combat the bus driver shortage the district currently faces.
He said that making sure kids get home safely and on time is what matters.
"Parents get tired of hearing me say 'I'm sorry,'" he said.
The committee then discussed the NCSTAR system, an online tool the district has begun using to keep up with school improvement plans. With NCSTAR, school improvement teams are required to update their plans frequently, as opposed to writing a plan for the year and then leaving it be.
Tamara Ishee, assistant superintendent for curriculum and instruction, said that the plans have not been updated as frequently as they should be. However, she cautioned the committee members that schools are still getting used to the technology, and not to expect the returns to be perfect right away.
The tool, she said, is not the main problem anyway.
"It's not about NCSTAR, it's about how do we ratchet up their commitment to school improvement," Ms. Ishee said.
Henderson said he wanted to make sure there was some way to convey to the average person what schools are doing to improve themselves. School improvement plans are often dense, technical documents, and Henderson said there needs to be a way to break that information down for someone who might not understand all of the details.
After some discussion, Ms. Ishee suggested to the committee that she convene a meeting of parents, students, faculty and board members to discuss what NCSTAR does and does not provide, and how to best account for the services it doesn't have.
GOLF has always had some of the most arcane rules in sport.
But there's one doozy that's about to be overturned — in a move that will delight professionals everywhere — that has had a significant effect on tournaments.
Starting on January 1, 2018, the USGA will end the practice of allowing viewers at home to call-in penalties on players.
The USGA has announced the following as part of a two-leg solution:
* Assign one or more officials to monitor the video broadcast of a competition to help identify and resolve Rules issues as they arise.
* Discontinue any steps to facilitate or consider viewer call-ins as part of the Rules decision process.
The call-ins from the public have been a constant thorn in the side of professionals, armed with the influence of slow-motion replays to alter the outcome the of tournaments.
Viewers at home called in penalties for Tiger Woods at the 2013 Masters, for Dustin Johnson at the 2016 U.S. Open, and for Lexi Thompson at the 2017 ANA Inspiration, all of which resulted in penalties.
Thomas Pagel, USGA senior director of the Rules of Golf and Amateur Status, said the new system of installing a team of rules officials to monitor television coverage to replace the chaos of viewer call-ins will be a more organised system.
And he said that fans can just be supporters again.
“It just means be a fan,” Pagel said. “Enjoy the game. Enjoy watching the best players in the world tee it up.”
President Donald Trump did not restrain giving his opinion about the “terrible” Iran nuclear deal on Tuesday during a meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron, warning Iran against restarting its nuclear program.
“You'll find out about that. It won't be so easy for them to restart. They're not going to be restarting anything. They restart it, they're going to have big problems, bigger than they've ever had before,” Trump said during his meeting with Macron at the White House.
The Iranians warned that if the United States withdrew from the deal, they would restart their efforts to develop nuclear weapons.
Trump repeated that the deal reached under the Obama administration was a “terrible deal.”
“It's insane. It's ridiculous,” Trump said when reporters about the deal. “It should never have been made, but we will be talking about it.”
Macron said the Iran deal was an important part of stabilizing the region, pointing out that it was important to contain Iranian influence.
Trump agreed that Iran was a problem.
“It just seems that no matter where you go, especially in the Middle East, Iran is behind it. Wherever there's trouble — Yemen, Syria, no matter where you have it — Iran is behind it,” he said.
He added that, “unfortunately,” Russia was also getting more involved in the region.
Trump ridiculed former Secretary of State John Kerry for not addressing other important issues in the Iran deal at the time of the agreement.
“The Iran deal is a disaster,” he said, pointing out that Iran was continuing to test ballistic missiles and fund terrorism in the Middle East.
Wayne Homes announces awards received at Building Industry Association of Central Ohio Marketing and Merchandising Excellence awards gala.
MAY 30, 2018
Uniontown, OH – Wayne Homes, an Ohio-based custom homebuilder, received several awards from the Building Industry Association (BIA) of Central Ohio Marketing and Merchandising Excellence (MAME) Awards.
The winners of the BIA of Central Ohio 2018 MAME Awards were announced at a banquet on Friday, May 11 in Columbus, Ohio. Team members from the Delaware and Newark model centers attended the event.
Julie Hurtt, a New Home Consultant from the Delaware Model Center, was recognized during the awards banquet and won the Rookie of the Year award.
“I was honored to receive the Rookie of the Year award,” Hurtt said. “I love my job and I enjoy meeting each and every homeowner. Being a part of building their home is an honor for me. When I received the award, I felt very thankful that I was recognized for helping so many of our homeowners make their dreams come true.”
New Home Consultants Julie Baumker and Angie McKinney from the Delaware Model Center and New Home Consultants Sue Crow, Sandee Barrick, and Tonya Harding from the Newark Model Center were also acknowledged with Sales Citation awards.
Wayne Homes also received marketing awards for the Best Print Ad, Best Social Media/Blog Experience, and Exceptional Digital Media Campaign.
“It was an exciting evening and there was a great sense of pride among the team,” Erin Collins, Vice President of Sales, said.
http://www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/05/trophy-cup.png
TORONTO — With fans chanting his name, Toronto FC captain Michael Bradley said the club will bask in its MLS Cup win a little while longer before getting to work on a second title.
Thousands of fans packed into Nathan Phillips Square on Monday for a fan rally celebrating Toronto FC's first MLS Cup victory.
Toronto beat the Seattle Sounders 2-0 in the championship game at BMO Field on Saturday, becoming the first Canadian team to win the title.
The team arrived on a double-decker bus, carrying the Philip F. Anschutz Trophy with them as they made their way to a stage.
Seattle beat Toronto on the Reds' home turf in the 2016 MLS Cup final, winning on penalty kicks following a 0-0 draw. Toronto made sure there was not a repeat of that outcome on Saturday, thoroughly dominating the Sounders and before getting second-half goals from Jozy Altidore and Victor Vazquez.
"To be able to lift that trophy in this city in front of our fans, to be able to give everybody a day like this, this is why every single one of us are here," Bradley said.
Bradley told the fans he had immersed himself in Toronto's sports culture and said his team will work hard to emulate the Blue Jays' back-to-back World Series titles in 1992 and 1993.
Toronto (20-5-9) was the best team during the regular season and set a record with 69 points — the most ever in Major League Soccer history.
Led by Bradley and forwards Sebastian Giovinco and Altidore, the Reds set franchise records for wins (20), goals scored (74), the fewest goals allowed (37), shutouts (13), home wins (13), home points (42), road wins (seven) and road points (27).
Toronto also won the Voyageurs Cup as Canadian champions, beating the Montreal Impact in a two-game series in June.
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Finchem doesn't think there's “empirical data” to prove that Arizona teachers don't get paid as much as their peers in other states, though a study from ASU's Morrison Institute for Public Policy published roughly a month ago found just that. To read more on this item plus all the stories in the June 13 Yellow Sheet Report, ...
× Downward Dog Dance Yoga & Wellness studio opens in Stratford Hills
RICHMOND, Va. — Another new yoga studio has been let off the leash in Southside.
Downward Dog Dance Yoga & Wellness opened earlier this month at 2843 Hathaway Road in the Stratford Hills Shopping Center.
Owner Virginia Crenshaw, a VCU alum and former Richmond Public Schools teacher, said she worked her way up to a permanent studio after a decade operating Dancing Little Stars, a mobile business teaching dance to children at schools around the region.
She decided to open her own spot for the kids and to offer something for adults.
“People kept saying, ‘Where's your studio?' and I'd have to say I don't have one,” Crenshaw said. “So I was sending them to other studios around town for a while.”
She leased the 1,700-square-foot space that was formerly home to Strong Mountain Kung Fu school.
In addition to yoga and dance classes, Downward Dog offers meditation, massage, reiki and other services. Crenshaw said she wants to have something for every age group and that she has about 15 instructors and teachers on staff.
“The idea is for all (the teachers) to come bring their own thing. I can't teach breakdancing, but if someone wants to, they can,” she said.
Continue reading on RichmondBizSense.com.
By: News Staff
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
FALL RIVER, M.A. (WLNE) — A Fall River barber shop owner charged with animal cruelty and assault with a dangerous for stabbing a pit-pull five times is done with his jail time.
William Whitson was sentenced to, and served twenty-one months and four days for stabbing "Smokey" the pit-bull outside his barbershop in 2015.
Whitson says he stabbed "Smokey" the pit-bull in self defense, but prosecutors said Whitson had a problem with the dog's owner.
“I was in shock, I have never seen anything like that before in my life, I was just crying,” said Heather Lemieux, Smokey's owner.
Smokey was on a leash when LeMieux said a small white dog that wasn't on one, started fighting with Smokey.
The owner of the small dog got nervous and screamed for help.
“My dog was playing with this dog for a good 30 seconds and the dog didn't have a mark on him,” said LeMieux.
LeMieux says seconds later then 45-year-old William Whitson came running out of the barber shop he owns on South Main Street, and started attacking Smokey.
“I thought he was punching my dog but he was stabbing him multiple times,” added LeMieux.
Smokey was barely alive when police arrived on scene.
He underwent multiple surgeries, and made a full recovery.
Whitson claimed Smokey bit him which is when he says he stabbed the dog.
The dog never bit Whitson or attacked the other dog, authorities said.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
A group of Republican senators who recently traveled to China are sounding the alarm on what they see as a serious threat to America: unfair Chinese trade practices.
“I come to the conclusion that they're going to do everything legal or illegal, immoral or moral, ethically or unethically, to dominate us in trade and dominate the world, and be number one. And they're well on that,” Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA) told reporters during a briefing about their trip.
“They deny all these — that they steal [intellectual property], that they subsidize their industry, that they make us give up our trade secrets to do business in China, that they steal our trademarks,” he continued.
“There's no enforcement by their government, they have non-tariff trade barriers, they have fake products and counterfeiting, and mandatory licensing practices,” he said. “And you wonder then, why they have a $350 billion dollar trade deficit with us.”
The trip, planned months in advance by Sen. Steve Daines (R-MT) and attended by Sens. Grassley, David Perdue (R-GA), Ben Sasse (R-NE), and Ron Johnson (R-WI), occurred just as a trade fight between the U.S. and China was heating up.
The senators — who met with China's premier, vice premier, and other top officials — credited Trump for getting Beijing's attention after announcing plans to raise tariffs on $150 billion worth of Chinese goods.
After first threatening to raise tariffs on U.S. goods, Chinese President Xi Jinping on April 10 pledged he would cut Chinese auto tariffs and allow more competition in banking and better protect intellectual property.
“The president has put in almost a disruptive force into the mix here,” Daines said. “Suddenly President Xi is talking about concessions on automobile tariffs. That's a significant win for us.”
The senators said it is well past time for China to stop behaving as if it is a developing country and play by the same rules as the U.S.
Daines noted when he worked in China in the 1990s, the country's gross domestic product was $400 billion. Now, he said, it's $12 trillion, only second to the U.S.'s $19 trillion. Japan runs at a distant third, at $5 trillion.
“There's just no reason we shouldn't have access to them like they expect to have access to us. I think that's a basic principle,” said Grassley.
“My expectations are that they start living up to what they are. They're very much a 5,000-year-old society. We're — what, 400 years old? They're fully in the community of nations. So they ought to live like an adult member of the community of nations.”
The senators' tour of China seemed to only underscore that transformation, which Daines called “profound.”
They visited the headquarters of Alibaba and Tencent — two of three Chinese companies that are in the world's top five internet companies, after Amazon and Google.
He said Alibaba — which is China's Amazon — recently bought Hema, a grocery store chain, and now customers can purchase groceries using facial recognition, and have them delivered to them by bike in 30 minutes.
“Seventy percent of their customers in their stores there don't even come in the store. They order on their mobile phone. Delivered to their door under 30 minutes using electric bikes,” he said. “We had a chance to see that firsthand.”
They also had a chance to travel via China's bullet-train system.
“We were on bullet trains where there used to be dirt roads 20 years ago. Literally,” Perdue said. In contrast, he said, “It's taken 19 years to try to deepen the Port of Savannah five feet. They created their third largest port in five years.”
They also visited headquarters of DJI, a Chinese company and the world's leader in consumer drone technology, which has 70 to 80 percent in global market share for consumer drones.
“It was a real eye opener,” said Grassley.
Grassley, as the only senator on the trip who voted for China to join the World Trade Organization in 2000, expressed some remorse.
“There are questions as to whether I did the right thing,” he said. “I figured it was better to have them in the tent than outside the tent and to live by the rules of international trade. These expectations have not materialized. What am I to think?”
“They want to be considered a developing nation. Well how do you be the second economy in the world and be a developing nation?” Grassley said. “They're developed — very well! But so they're living off of this sympathy that we're supposed to have for them. I don't have any more sympathy. And this trip brought home that reality.”
The senators cited one example after another of China's unfair business practices with the U.S. They said China's Alibaba can have a cloud computing business in the U.S., but a U.S. company is not allowed to have a cloud computing business in China.
If Oracle wanted to set up a data center in China, it would be required to turn over source code and other information, although the same is not required of Alibaba in the U.S., they said.
And they said Chinese government is also making it more difficult for American companies to do business in China, by giving preference to local and state owned enterprises.
And now, they warned, China is now on its way to surpassing the U.S. in developing artificial intelligence, due to the sheer data that China has been able to amass on its citizens from Alibaba.
“All that data in Alibaba is basically owned by the federal government and they have access to do whatever they want to with it, and are,” Perdue said. “That aggregation of data will allow China to really far surpass us in our development of AI.”
The microchip market could be next, he warned.
“We dominate the chip market in the world, the U.S. We control that. That is a strategic industry, we control that. China just put $150 billion to develop the Chinese chip industry,” he said.
China is also expanding its reach globally, Perdue said. China's One Belt One Road strategy aims to tie Europe, Asia, and Africa together in one trading bloc, he said.
Already, he said, China has 19 overseas ports it is co-developing in Africa, and is also building a trade route through Pakistan, which will help connect its western provinces to the oil-rich Persian Gulf area.
The senators warned Americans not to be naive about China's intentions to become the world's dominant power, and its progress towards that goal.
“China is a very long-term strategic thinking nation [versus] America. We become ever-shorter-term thinkers. Our timeframe continues to shrink and that puts us, truthfully, at a huge disadvantage,” Johnson said.
He argued that America needed to “fully expose and publicize their trade abuses.”
The senators expressed optimism that Trump could finally change China's behavior.
“These are choppy seas we've been navigating, but something had to be done to kind of mix this up and this early message from President Xi I think is very important,” Daines said.
“This automobile tariffs is an issue that has been talked about for years and suddenly President Xi announces we're going to lower the tariffs. That shows me there's movement, and that's a good thing.
“I'm hopeful that we'll see some progress in the next few months. Who would have thought six months ago that you'd have President Trump and Kim Jong-un actually having a summit?” he said.
(Recasts with Fed statement, adds quote, updates prices) * Fed sees slowing growth as transitory * Treasury evaluating ultra-long bonds * Long bonds gain, yield curve flattens By Karen Brettell NEW YORK, May 3 Benchmark U.S. Treasury yields rose after the Federal Reserve kept interest rates unchanged and downplayed weak first-quarter economic growth, keeping a rate increase in June on the table. In a bullish statement following the end of a two-day meeting, the central bank emphasized the strength of the labor market and said inflation has been "running close" to the Fed's target. “The Fed doesn't need the economy to excel from where it is now in order to raise rates further,” said Lou Brien, a market strategist at DRW Trading in Chicago. “They want to move the rate higher than where it is given the current conditions, and I don't think they want to take that anticipation off the table just because we've had some slowing data." Benchmark 10-year notes fell 4/32 in price to yield 2.31 percent, up from 2.30 percent on Tuesday. Futures traders are pricing in a 75 percent chance of a June rate increase, up from 71 percent before the statement, according to the CME Group's FedWatch Tool. U.S. 30-year bond yields fell and the yield curve flattened after the Treasury Department said it was studying the issuance of an ultra-long bond but did not commit to one. That came after Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Monday that his department was looking into the issuance of bonds with maturities beyond 30 years. “I think a lot of people were expecting the Treasury to commit to an ultra-long issue,” said Gennadiy Goldberg, interest rate strategist at TD Securities in New York. The Treasury Borrowing Advisory Committee (TBAC), a group of banks and investors that advises the Treasury on debt issuance, also expressed reservations about demand for longer-dated bonds. In a presentation released on Wednesday, the TBAC said it does “not see evidence of strong or sustainable demand for maturities beyond 30 years." Thirty-year bonds gained 15/32 in price to yield 2.96 percent, down from 2.98 percent on Tuesday. The yield curve between 5-year notes and 30-year bonds flattened to 111 basis points, from 117 basis points on Tuesday. The Treasury also kept the size of its 10-year and 30-year bond sales planned for next week unchanged, after some investors had expected these issues to be increased. The Treasury said it will sell $62 billion in coupon debt next week, including $24 billion in 3-year notes, $23 billion in 10-year notes and $15 billion in 30-year bonds. )
Peru's ambassador to the United States met with business leaders from major local companies and others from around the U.S. during a trip to Atlanta Thursday.
Carlos Pareja, who took up the post in September 2016, was brought to the Georgia capital by Business Council for International Understanding, a Washington-based group that organizes dialogue between government officials and on-the-ground business leaders. The organization stemmed from an initiative led by President Dwight D. Eisenhower.
The specific contents of the private talk were off the record, but the ambassador addressed broad economic themes and political developments in his country.
Peru has promoted itself as a stable democracy whose hospitality toward foreign investment has put it on a steady growth trajectory.
The South American nation is a member of the Pacific Alliance, a commercial bloc with Colombia, Chile and Mexico. It was also a member of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the 12-nation trade deal championed by the United States but quickly discarded by President Donald Trump.
Peru was the site of President Barack Obama's last foreign trip before leaving office. The former president attended the APEC Summit in Lima in November, just after Mr. Trump's election threw into doubt the viability of the TPP.
Mr. Pareja presented his credentials to Mr. Obama in September 2016, five months after Peru elected a new president of its own: Pedro Pablo Kuczynski, a center-right politician better-known in his country as PPK.
Global Atlanta recently hosted the Peruvian Consul General Miguel Aleman as a guest in the Consular Conversations series. More from that discussion to come in a later story.
Mr. Aleman has been a strong proponent of Peru's multifaceted cuisine, lobbying for more Peruvian restaurants in Atlanta and promoting the upcoming Mistura food festival in Lima.
Mr. Pareja has been ambassador to Chile, Switzerland and Spain, among other postings. More about him here.
FORMER Socceroos Ned Zelic and Mark Bosnich say Wanderers coach Josep Gombau needs to adapt his game style to the players at his disposal.
The Wanderers — fielding an inexperienced line-up — looked all at sea as they were thumped 5-0 in the Sydney Derby on Saturday night.
While Gombau has emphasised the need to introduce his style of play, his side was exposed defensively by Sydney FC, with Zelic noting a lack of on-field leadership under pressure.
Fox Sports' Adam Peacock is joined by Simon Hill and the Daily Telegraph's Tom Smithies to review Round 10 of the A-League
“The first goal ... was a case of just passive defending and really, when you've got Sydney players receiving a ball in the box, if you're not going to immediately put them under pressure, then you're going to be under pressure, and you saw it in the first goal,” he said on Fox Sports' A-League Hour.
“Basically, there was time to wait for teammates to storm in and provide extra options in attack.
“So I think the concerning thing with the Wanderers is you look through their team and you tell me ... you tell me now, if you're a young player and you're not performing, who's going to give you a kick up the backside?
“Because you've got experienced players like (Robert) Cornthwaite, who you'd expect that from, but (he) is just preoccupied with his own struggles at the moment really, so he's not in a position to help someone out because he's struggling himself. And that runs through the whole team.”
Camera Icon Wanderers players show their dejection. (Photo by Brett Hemmings/Getty Images) Picture: Getty Images
But Bosnich said the onus was on Gombau to find a way to turn things around, especially given how demoralised the team would have been after the loss.
“This needs to come from the manager — I mean, I don't envy one little bit, any players in that dressing room,” he said.
“It must be a terrible time right at this moment in time. If you could try to put yourself inside one of those players' minds, it's the biggest game of the season, the derby against Sydney FC and you get absolutely walloped.
“You've got things like your family and all that there watching. This is a terrible time for them, it's going to be a true test of character.
“Josep Gombau has got to really sit them down this week and basically do that — tear that page out and start again.”
Camera Icon A crying Brendon Santalab. (AAP Image/Brendan Esposito) Picture: AAP
While acknowledging Gombau wanted to go through a process of instilling his own football mentality, Bosnich said without the ability to change the Wanderers' list in the January transfer window, the new manager needed to adapt.
“I know he's talked about the process and we spoke about this, about installing a different way of playing,” he said.
“But midway through the season, to do that, without basically having the back-up of being able to (rely on) ... loaning players or getting transfers in the January transfer window ... it's going to be very difficult.
“He's going to have to adapt with what he's got. So when he does that, he's going to have to put players into positions where they're comfortable.
“And we saw on the weekend when you don't do that, what can happen.”
Camera Icon Josep Gombau. (Photo by Brett Hemmings/Getty Images) Picture: Getty Images
Zelic said as Gombau had decided to take on the job, knowing what players he had at his disposal, the current list wasn't an excuse — he had to find a way to work with the squad at his disposal.
“The fact that he's taken the job, he's had a look at the squad list — ‘these are the players I can work with and yes, I'll take the job', knowing that there's not going to be any chopping and changing now, is there, really?” Zelic said.
“You've got to work with these players — so it pretty much comes down to man management.”
Zelic said Gombau needed to construct a game plan that got the best out of his current players, rather than squeezing players into roles that didn't suit them.
“Well look, I think Gombau's intelligent enough to realise that taking this job, he's got to get to the team's core strengths, really,” he said.
“He can't ask them to do things that they're just not capable of doing and I mean, if you look at just some of the defensive mistakes that they're making, you have to question how much work has gone into their defensive structure.
“Has it been a case of — Gombau loves attacking football — is there an imbalance there? That's what we don't know — what they've been doing in training.”
HOW A-LEAGUE STAR STACKS UP IN ROOS CALCULATIONS
ADELAIDE'S Spanish captain Isaias has been superb for the Reds yet again this season.
On Friday night, Isaias controlled the game from midfield as Adelaide defeated Melbourne Victory.
“Isaias is a leading light and has been for quite some time for Adelaide,” Bosnich said on A-League Hour .
“He's their conductor, if you like, from deep in the midfield – he puts himself about and he's a true captain in every sense of the word.
“I do believe that (for) Adelaide, and I've said this quite a lot of times, he's their heartbeat and when he plays well, Adelaide do play well.”
With the Reds captain planning to become an Australian citizen on March 13, 2018 - and when he does, having already spent five years in Australia, he is set to become eligible to play for the Socceroos.
Camera Icon Isaias of Adelaide. (AAP Image/Joe Castro) Picture: AAP
Zelic said while there were a number of holding midfielders already in the Socceroos frame, Isaias could put himself into consideration with sustained strong performances.
“Well sure, I mean if he keeps playing at this level, he's someone to be considered but I think we're still well covered in that area, in midfield,” he said.
“If he keeps performing like this, I'm sure the new coach, whoever that may be, will take him into consideration.”
Meanwhile, Bosnich said it didn't matter that Isaias was only just about to take on Australian citizenship — his desire to naturalise, and ultimately his performances on the football field, were the most important factors.
“On social media there's obviously been a lot of debate about how Australian he is, and I really can't believe that in 2017, that people are saying that,” he said.
“It shouldn't really matter where you were born because you have no control over where you were born, the fact that he wants to naturalise himself as an Australian and play for Australia.
“It should only matter about his performances and that's it. We look in the past – I mean, (French star) Marcel Desailly was born in Ghana, our previous national coach (Ange Postecoglou) was born in Greece.
“It shouldn't really matter about where you were born, all that should matter is about your performances.”
A bar and restaurant opening soon in Bath is recruiting.
The Ivy - which prides itself as being “iconic but accessible, glamorous but good fun, prestigious but unpretentious” - is opening in Milsom Street.
It will have seats for more than 200 people and a 50-seater summer terrace.
The restaurant has a vacancy for a bartender who will “provide engaging and high-end service to our guests and make sure high standards are maintained”.
“You'll welcome all our guests by name, if they're regular, making everyone from business people to locals feel like our only guest,” the Ivy said of the ideal applicant.
What's required?
• Current / previous experience working as a Bartender
• A good communicator, exceptionally friendly and inclusive, even after a long shift
• Excellent guest service skills always exceeding guest expectations
• A real passion for creating high-end cocktails, wines and spirits and have the ability to recommend and advise to guests
What's in it for you?
• Top class training, before the job, and on the job
• Meals from our menu and discount in all our restaurants
• Lots of benefits including your uniform, childcare vouchers, cycle to work scheme, a recommend a friend scheme and savings on things like gym membership and cinema tickets
• A salary you'll be hard pressed to beat
The Ivy brasseries, including the nearest one in Clifton, Bristol, serve food all day including breakfast, lunch, afternoon tea, light snacks and dinner, as well as classic and contemporary cocktails.
Apply here.
There are hundreds more jobs being advertised in Bath right now. Visit our jobs site to find out more.
Ropak Changes Name to LINPAC
Ropak Materials Handling Group, a manufacturer of high-quality, plastic reusable container systems, has changed its name to that of its parent company and is now LINPAC Materials Handling. The products produced in the Georgetown facility will be marketed under the brand ROPAK Reusable Containers.
Ropak's closer affiliation with its parent company is designed to better serve multinational customers. Headquartered in the United Kingdom, LINPAC has material handling operations in major markets worldwide including Europe, North and South America, South Africa and Australasia. A planned 50% capacity expansion in Kentucky will enable Ropak to better serve its customers in North America.
Ropak containers are constructed of HDPE and are available in a variety of configurations and weight capacities. The product line includes pallets, hopper bottom containers and collapsible and non-collapsible container models with footprints ranging from 32x30-in. to 70x48-in. and heights to 50-in.
For more information: LINPAC Materials Handling, 120 Commerce Court, Georgetown, KY 40324, Tel: 800-442-4892, Fax: 502-863-5342.
By Bianca Buono
bbuono@abc6.com
@BBuonoABC6
The Newport Pell Bridge is undergoing another traffic pattern change. Construction on the bridge has been going on for two weeks. Crews have finished up work on the westbound lanes of the bridge on the Newport side. Now, the eastbound lanes are closed and drivers will be funneled into the recently opened westbound lanes.
There is still only one lane open in each direction on the Newport side of the bridge.
The lane closures are part of an $8.1 million deck repair project. Officials say when the project first began two weeks ago, delays reached as high as an hour and a half. Drivers have since adjusted to the construction and the average delay dropped below thirty minutes.
Officials warn that this latest traffic pattern change along with warmer temperatures could bring delays back up.
All lanes are set to reopen on June 29th until mid-September to avoid impacting the height of tourist season.
© WLNE-TV 2017
WAYNE Bennett once said the Brisbane Broncos' policy was to develop local talent and, if required to recruit from outside, buy only the best.
That was 2007 when the Broncos were defending premiers.
It no longer applies.
READ KENT'S FULL COLUMN HERE AND JOIN HIM BELOW FROM 1PM FOR A LIVE BLOG
The Broncos have not won a premiership since then, and the club's ability to entice the best talent from the Queensland junior leagues has fallen behind superior programs at both Melbourne and North Queensland.
So when James Roberts became available, despite being sacked from two clubs and Bennett already having pledged a centre position to Dale Copley, Copley was out the door and Roberts was in.
Camera Icon Picture: The Daily Telegraph
A similar shift in stance came for Matt Lodge, whose history is well documented.
It is an example of what pressure can do.
And so Bennett fosters a siege mentality at the club.
The woeful form of the Broncos in round one wasn't his fault. It wasn't the fault of players. Nor was it the fault of the club's recruitment policies.
READ KENT'S FULL COLUMN HERE AND JOIN HIM BELOW FROM 1PM FOR A LIVE BLOG
Blaming the Broncos early season dramas on us pesky rascals in the media was first class media spin.
And it shows how Bennett is himself the most under-pressure man at the Broncos.
It shows how Bennett is fighting to save his job.
IF YOU CAN'T SEE THE LIVE BLOG BELOW, CLICK HERE
[India], Jul 4 (ANI): Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Wednesday applauded the decision by the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) of increasing the Minimum Support Price (MSP) for Kharif crops in the 2018-2019 season.
While briefing the media, he said, "It is a historical decision. Though farmers are the biggest producers, consumers and customers, they never received their due. However, this government is changing it now."
Last month, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had announced that the Union Cabinet would approve a Minimum Support Price (MSP) of 150 per cent of input cost for Kharif crops in the 2018-2019 season.
"By 2022, the incomes of the farmers will be doubled, as promised by the government. This decision will increase the purchasing capacity of the farmers which in turn will widen the economic impact," said Rajnath Singh at the Cabinet briefing. According to the data of Commission for Agricultural Costs and Prices (CACP), the input cost of paddy is Rs 1166 per quintal for which government has set an MSP of Rs 1750 per quintal that is a hike of 50%, as compared to the MSP of Rs 1550 per quintal last year. Further, the MSP for maize has been fixed at Rs 1700 per quintal, for cotton Rs. 5150 per quintal, sunflower seeds Rs 5388 per quintal, soybean Rs. 3399 per quintal and mole Rs 6249 quintal. (ANI)
NFL ratings have declined, ESPN has become a drag on parent Disney's earnings, and the way people consume TV continues to evolve, threatening existing business models.
Scroll for more content...
Yet the next few weeks will offer a concentrated demonstration of sports programming's enduring power, and why TV remains so fixated on it, to the point of paying exorbitant premiums.
This Sunday brings Super Bowl LII, a TV event that dwarfs all others, followed by another sports showcase so big that it calls for Roman numerals, NBC's broadcast of the XXIII Winter Olympics. Even in the age of peak TV, the Olympics are perceived to be such a potent draw that other networks have largely gotten out of their way, with CBS, for example, trotting out "Celebrity Big Brother" as a means of (hopefully) helping to inexpensively keep the lights on for those 17 days.
Fox, meanwhile, just acquired rights to the NFL's Thursday-night football package, which had been shared by CBS and NBC. Part of that has to do with Fox's unique position -- the network is currently struggling, and will lose its sister production division whenever the Disney-Fox merger deal goes through -- adding a measure of desperation to its bid that football owners have always been happy to exploit.
Fox's five-year deal will reportedly pay the NFL more than $3 billion, a dramatic increase over the $450 million that the previous rights holders were shelling out per year.
As 21st Century Fox president Peter Rice noted in announcing the agreement, the NFL played a central role in establishing Fox as a fourth network, and 25 years after Fox stunned the TV industry by snagging football rights, "we understand that nothing beats the NFL when it comes to television that captures people's attention."
That's especially true in an age where roughly half the audience has a DVR and can zap through commercials. Sports remain almost unique in terms of programming that viewers feel compelled to watch live, making such events particularly attractive to advertisers.
For all the focus on the NFL's recent struggles, it's also worth noting that other sports have bucked the gravity dragging down ratings, including NBA basketball and this year's college football championship game, which surged 13% above its 2017 performance.
Small wonder that NBC is emphasizing the live component of its Olympic coverage from PyeongChang, South Korea, having faced past criticism for offering an abundance of delayed events in primetime.
Related: Olympics buff Leslie Jones joins NBC's Winter Games coverage
Citing the 14-hour time difference between the Olympic venue and the East Coast, NBC is touting live competition every night, excluding the opening and closing ceremonies. The network will also broadcast live across U.S. time zones -- as it now does with "Saturday Night Live" -- "creating a unique national collective experience for this event," Jim Bell, president of NBC's Olympics production, said in making that announcement.
It's become fashionable to portray the major networks as dinosaurs, and ESPN -- as the main beneficiary of a cable bundle that pays the sports titan billions each year -- as living on borrowed time thanks to the phenomenon known as cord-cutting, as people seek cheaper programming alternatives.
The juxtaposition of the Fox-NFL deal, Super Bowl and Olympics, however, provides a pretty stark reminder that broadcasting, in the truest sense of the term, still has some life left in it, even if the medium achieves that kind of reach with less and less regularity.
A JBros Construction Corporation executive tells a Senate panel that a barangay health station the company built in a public elementary school in Lipa, Batangas, was demolished to give way to a gym
Published 3:20 PM, July 04, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – An executive of the private contractor tapped for the Barangay Health Stations (BHS) project said on Wednesday, July 4, that the lack of coordination between Department of Health (DOH) and the Department of Education (DepEd) officials led to the demolition of a completely built unit.
Julieanne Jorge, Director for Operations of JBros Construction Corporation, shared her observation during the Senate hearing on the DOH project.
Jorge said the company completed a health station in the Inosloban-Marawoy Elementary School in Lipa, Batangas, but it was demolished to give way to a gym.
“This was completed with certifications, furnishing, fixtures….That unit was demolished. They are currently constructing a gym,” Jorge told the Senate panel.
She said the company suspended its contract with the DOH after it discovered the lack of coordination between DOH and DepEd officials on the sites for the health stations.
“[The demolition] shows there was really no coordination between the DOH and DepEd,” Jorge said.
She added: “It is not our responsibility to validate the sites. It is not our responsibilty to beg DepEd to give us sites for construction.”
The BHS project, implemented under then Health Secretary Janette Garin, aimed to establish 5,700 rural health units to ensure barangays have access to primary health care. Public elementary schools were to be identified as sites for the health stations.
The Commission on Audit said in its report that the project “was obstructed by ineligible and non-workable project sites that were not fully validated before project contracting and implementation due to absence of specific guidelines.”
Health Secretary Franciso Duque III earlier said the DOH uncovered possibly "billions of pesos worth of irregularities" in the project. (READ: DOH uncovers a billion peso irregularity in Barangay Health Station project – Duque)
Duque said the DOH formed a fact-finding committee to look into the project after it received a letter from JBros Construction in March 2018, informing the department of the termination of the contract and a billing of about P2.9 billion.
Some P8.1 billion was earmarked for the project. – Rappler.com
* Financials decline ahead of bank earnings later this week
* Three big U.S. banks to report results on Thursday
* Indexes up: Dow 0.01 pct, S&P 0.1 pct, Nasdaq 0.1 pct (Updates to close)
By Caroline Valetkevitch
NEW YORK, April 10 U.S. stocks ended a choppy session slightly higher on Monday as gains in energy shares offset losses in financials ahead of quarterly corporate earnings later this week.
Geopolitical tensions added to the choppiness. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Sunday the military strikes against Syria over its alleged use of chemical weapons were a warning to other nations, including North Korea, that "a response is likely" if they pose a danger.
With trading slow at the beginning of a holiday-shortened week, volume was the lightest of the year so far.
The S&P energy index, up 0.8 percent, was the day's best-performing S&P 500 sector, following gains in oil prices.
Investors prepared for the start of quarterly profit reports, with earnings of S&P 500 companies estimated to have risen 10.1 percent in the first three months of the year.
Energy companies, which dragged down results during the recent U.S. earnings recession, are expected to do most of the heavy lifting this profit period with a whopping 600 percent year-over-year increase.
"I think the key will be oil stocks given how volatile oil has been since the election," said Jake Dollarhide, chief executive officer of Longbow Asset Management in Tulsa, Oklahoma, which has about $50 million in assets under management.
The energy index is down 6 percent for the year to date.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 1.92 points, or 0.01 percent, to 20,658.02, the S&P 500 gained 1.62 points, or 0.07 percent, to 2,357.16 and the Nasdaq Composite added 3.11 points, or 0.05 percent, to 5,880.93.
Thursday will be the last trading day of the week on Wall Street ahead of the Good Friday holiday.
JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo are scheduled to report earnings on Thursday and could throw some light on the U.S. banking industry's performance amid a rally in financial shares since the election of President Donald Trump.
Bank stocks have retreated of late as investors question lofty valuations and Trump's ability to swiftly introduce simpler regulations and other policies following the failure of a healthcare reform bill.
The S&P 500 financial sector was off 0.3 percent.
Traders attributed a stock dip around noon to unverified rumors stemming from weekend news related to North Korea.
"You've had a lot of geopolitical news that could have driven this market a lot lower, and I think it's a huge relief that the market has held up so well," Dollarhide said.
Whole Foods Market was the S&P 500's biggest percentage gainer on the day, rising 10 percent after activist investor Jana Partners LLC disclosed an 8.3 percent stake in the company as it looks to shake up the company's board.
Straight Path Communications surged 151 percent to $91.64 after AT&T offered a huge premium to buy the owner of wireless spectrum licenses.
Swift Transportation jumped 23.7 percent to $24.77 after agreeing to a merger with fellow trucking company Knight Transportation. Knight's shares were up 13.4 percent.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.09-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.06-to-1 ratio favored decliners.
The S&P 500 posted 8 new 52-week highs and 3 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 68 new highs and 38 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by James Dalgleish and Chizu Nomiyama)
Neymar might miss Wednesday's clash with Strasbourg
Published 3:56 PM, December 11, 2017
RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil – Paris Saint-Germain (PSG) star Neymar is urgently travelling to Brazil due to "personal matters", the Brazilian company that manages the footballer's career said on Sunday, December 10.
Neymar is "coming to Brazil for personal matters", a source from NN Consultaria told AFP, without specifying whether the player had already arrived in South America or the specific reasons for the trip.
French radio station RMC Sport reported that Neymar flew to his native country on the night of Saturday, December 9, after receiving "bad news involving his family".
The former FC Barcelona player, who frequently posts on social media, has not done so since Friday.
Neymar was suspended in PSG's 3-1 victory over Lille on Saturday, but he looks likely to miss the match against Strasbourg on Wednesday, December 13, before returning next Saturday against Rennes.
PSG currently sits on top of Ligue 1 with 44 points and a +38 goal difference. – Rappler.com
LOS ANGELES | There were cheers, gasps, droid photo opportunities, casino games and more than a few standing ovations at the jam-packed world premiere of “Star Wars: The Last Jedi” Saturday night in Los Angeles, which many are already praising online.
Rian Johnson, the writer and director of the eighth installment of the franchise, dedicated the night to the late Carrie Fisher, who died after filming had completed.
A general view of atmosphere at the Los Angeles premiere of "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" at the Shrine Auditorium on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP) A general view of atmosphere at the Los Angeles premiere of "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" at the Shrine Auditorium on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP) Costumed fans line up outside the premiere of "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017. (AP Photo/Nicole Evatt) BB-8 arrives at the Los Angeles premiere of "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" at the Shrine Auditorium on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017, in Los Angeles. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP) Kelly Marie Tran arrives at the Los Angeles premiere of "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" at the Shrine Auditorium on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP) Daisy Ridley arrives at the Los Angeles premiere of "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" at the Shrine Auditorium on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP) Director Rian Johnson arrives at the Los Angeles premiere of "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" at the Shrine Auditorium on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP) Gwendoline Christie arrives at the Los Angeles premiere of "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" at the Shrine Auditorium on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP) Lupita Nyong'o arrives at the Los Angeles premiere of "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" at the Shrine Auditorium on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017, in Los Angeles. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP) John Boyega arrives at the Los Angeles premiere of "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" at the Shrine Auditorium on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017 in Los Angeles. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP)
“She's up there flipping the bird and saying, ‘Don't bring this night down with solemn tributes,'” Johnson said on stage at the Shrine Auditorium.
It was in that spirit that Johnson excitedly introduced his cast, including Mark Hamill, Adam Driver, Daisy Ridley and Laura Dern. Hamill and composer John Williams, who Johnson called one of the “greatest living film composers” were among the few who got standing ovations.
“Let's watch a Star Wars movie!” Johnson exclaimed as the cast took their seats, the lights dimmed and the yellow Star Wars logo and iconic scrawl appeared on screen to signal the start of the film. The enthusiastic audience laughed and cheered throughout much of the two-and-a-half-hour film. One audience member even shrieked “What?!” at a key scene deep in the film.
The elaborate premiere featured a massive assault vehicle and a procession of Stormtroopers and droids that preceded the first showing of the film in advance of its Dec. 15 release. The mood was joyous and pregnant with anticipation for the highly anticipated and guarded film, which sees the return of Hamill's Luke Skywalker as well as Fisher's final performance.
Formal reviews won't be out for a few days, but journalists and others at the screening who shared their initial reactions online said “The Last Jedi” packed the adventure expected in a Star Wars film, but took it into new territory.
J.J. Abrams, who directed 2015's “Star Wars: The Force Awakens” and will return to direct Episode IX told The Associated Press that the film was “great” and that “Rian killed it.”
“Logan” director James Mangold also praised the film's director, calling the movie “a great chapter of a blockbuster franchise,” that also had Johnson's “voice shining through.”
Producer Adam F. Goldberg wrote that the film made him feel like a kid again.
Entertainment Weekly's Anthony Breznican said the film “will shatter you and then make you feel whole again.”
Many who posted online about the premiere said they were still processing the film.
Attendees at Saturday's premiere were the first people outside the cast, filmmakers and top executives at Walt Disney Co. and Lucasfilm who had seen “The Last Jedi.” Director Edgar Wright, Patton Oswalt, Greta Gerwig, “Stranger Things” actor Gaten Matarazzo, and Constance Zimmer were among the attendees Saturday.
Wright, who makes a cameo appearance in the film as a rebel, added on Twitter that the film was, “Really great.”
At the after-party, which was modeled after Canto Bight, a casino-based city in the Star Wars galaxy seen in “The Last Jedi,” attendees could play blackjack, roulette and craps to win commemorative Star Wars pins.
Fans at the premiere were also treated to up-close looks at new characters, including an elite squad of guards clads in red armor as well as a collection of droids, including the droids C-3PO, R2-D2, and BB-8, who walked and rolled down the red carpet before the film's stars arrived.
“It's a Star Wars movie, and the energy tonight is pretty amazing,” said a beaming Andy Serkis, who plays the villain Supreme Leader Snoke.
Ridley, who plays Rey, arrived wearing a shimmering dress adorned with stars. Ridley was in good spirits, saying about her dress, “I mean, it's just fun. It's fun. And I feel fun. And it's got stars on it.”
Newcomer Kelly Marie Tran wore a bright red dress with a lengthy train behind it. John Boyega, who earlier in the day tweeted that he might miss the premiere because a snowstorm had snarled travel out of Atlanta, arrived sporting a dark blue tuxedo and turtleneck.
Secrecy about the film remained in place on the red carpet. Anthony Daniels, who plays C-3PO, told a reporter looking for details on the film, “I'm going to let you work out everything for yourself.”
“The Last Jedi,” which arrives in theaters on Dec. 15, is one of the year's biggest releases. Early box office projections are for the film to debut in the $200 million range for its first weekend.
Associated Press Writers Nicole Evatt and Ryan Pearson contributed to this report.
Strictly Come Dancing 2018 line up: Maya Jama, Scarlett Moffatt and Coleen Rooney rumoured
Strictly Come Dancing will be returning to the BBC in 2018 with an all new celebrity line up, professionals and a tour to boot.
Strictly Come Dancing will be back on our TV screens again soon in 2018 and while there has been plenty of talk about the BBC professionals, the rumours about the celebrity line up are already circulating.
The ballroom dancing show normally kicks at the start of autumn on the BBC with last year's series starting on Saturday 9th September with the first live show broadcasting two weeks later.
This year the anticipated start date is Saturday 8th September with the first live show broadcasting a fortnight after on Saturday 23rd September.
Here's everything we know about the rumoured Strictly Come Dancing 2018 line up:
Maya Jama
TV presenter and rising star Maya Jama is apparently one of the Beeb's top picks to get involved with the show this year. When she was asked about the rumours recently she let slip that she wasn't allowed to discuss them...interesting!
Les Dennis
The former Corrie actor revealed on Sunday Brunch that he has been approached before to take part in the show but couldn't.
He said: “When I was doing Coronation Street I was approached but we weren't allowed to do it, we had a policy. I wouldn't mind doing it, I always like a challenge.”
Coleen Rooney
The WAG of former England player Wayne Rooney was supposedly meant to take part in last year's series of Strictly but couldn't as she fell pregnant with her fourth child.
According to The Mirror, Strictly bosses are already in talks to try and bag her this year.
Scarlett Moffatt
Fans of the Geordie beauty have sparked rumours recently that she could be tipped for Strictly after the 28 year old tweeted how much she missed dancing.
She's been vocal in the past about her ballroom dancing experience so she'll be a perfect fit for Strictly Come Dancing!
We'll be keeping this page updated as more rumours emerge and official contestants are confirmed!
Which professional dancers will be taking part?
Most of the Strictly Come Dancing professionals taking part this year will be familiar faces with a few exceptions.
Sadly Brendan Cole and Chloe Hewitt haven't had their contracts renewed but there are a few new dancers joining the show to replace them.
Click here to find out everything about new Strictly pros Johannes Radebe, Luba Mushtuk and Graziano Di Prima.
Who are this year's Strictly judges?
As far as we know, the judging line up will remain the same for the next series. That means Bruno Tonioli, Craig Revel-Horwood, Darcey Bussell and Shirley Ballas will be back on the Beeb each weekend to give their sometimes kind and sometimes critical opinions on the budding celebrity dancers.
click to enlarge
As a long-time resident of the Elk River basin, which drains the redwood-studded hills southeast of Eureka, Jesse Noell lives in fear of the rain. During storms of even moderate intensity, the Elk River often rises above its banks and dumps torrents of mud and sand across Noell and his neighbors' properties. The churning surges of foamy brown water have ruined domestic water supplies, inundated vehicles, buried farmland and spilled into homes.
It first happened to Noell and his wife, Stephanie, in 2002. As the flood approached, he remained inside his home to wedge bricks and rocks beneath their furniture, and pile pictures, books and other prized possessions atop cabinets and counters. The water level was at his thighs; his body spasmed in the winter cold. Across the street, two firefighters in a raft paddled furiously against the current, carrying his neighbors—military veterans in their 60s, who were at risk of drowning—to higher ground.
After crouching and shivering atop the kitchen counter through the night, Noell was finally able to wade through the floodwater to higher ground the next morning. But the home's sheetrock, floors, heating equipment, water tanks, floor joints, girders and septic system were destroyed. This experience wasn't an act of nature; it was manmade.
"California has a systematic and deliberate policy to flood our homes and properties for the sake of corporate profit," Noell says.
CAUSE AND EFFECT
The cause of the flooding is simple: logging. Since the 1980s, timber companies have logged thousands of acres of redwood trees and Douglas firs, and constructed a spider web–like network of roads to haul them away, which has caused massive erosion of the region's geologically unstable hillsides.
The deep channels and pools of the Elk River's middle reaches have become choked with a sludge of erosion and debris six to eight feet high. Each storm—such as those that have roiled California's coastal rivers this past week—forces the rushing water to spread out laterally, bleeding onto residents' lands and damaging homes, vehicles, domestic water supplies, cropland and fences, while also causing suffering that corporate and government balance sheets can't measure.
"The Elk River watershed is California's biggest logging sacrifice area," says Felice Pace, a longtime environmental activist who founded the Klamath Forest Alliance in northernmost California.
For roughly 20 years, the North Coast division of the State Water Resources Control Board, the agency in charge of monitoring water quality and hazards in the area, has deliberated on how to address the Elk River's severe impairment. But they have failed to take bold action, largely because of opposition from politically well-connected timber companies and the Department of Forestry and Fire Protection (Cal Fire), the state agency that regulates commercial logging.
Since 2008, the watershed's major timber operator has been Humboldt Redwood Company (HRC), part of a 440,000-acre North Coast logging enterprise owned by the billionaire Fisher family, best known as founders of the Gap and Banana Republic clothing empires.
Jerry Martien, an Elk River basin resident and former Humboldt State University writing instructor, says the government's failure to protect basin residents—and the aquatic life that calls the river home—should concern everyone in California.
"If they are getting away with it here, they can get away with similar things in other places," he says.
FORESTS AND RIVERS
California's northern coastal mountains hold some of the world's most geologically unstable terrain, as well as some of its most ecologically productive forests. By anchoring mountain soil—which enhances the soil's ability to absorb water—these forests play a critical role in keeping these watersheds healthy.
In the mid-20th century, a logging boom swept across California's North Coast. The region's legendary timber stands went south to frame the suburban housing tracts of the San Francisco Bay Area and the Los Angeles Basin. For the first time, clear-cutting occurred on a large scale here—a practice of razing virtually every tree in a large swath—and, in many places, has continued to the present.
Logging roads tend to be the main source of soil erosion and landslides in disturbed forests, and they also alter runoff patterns and disrupt subsurface water flows.
In addition to causing flooding and reducing stream flow, sediment smothers the eggs and disrupts the reproductive cycles of fish, especially salmon and steelhead, which require pools where they can rest and feed. Erosion fills in those crucial pools, while removal of canopy can raise stream temperatures to inhospitable levels.
"The majority of the water bodies in the North Coast are impaired from excess sediment, much of it associated with past logging practices," said North Coast Regional Water Quality Control Board geologist Jim Burke during a Nov. 30 agency hearing concerning the Elk River.
REGULATOR OR RUBBER STAMP?
The 1973 California Forest Practice Act instituted a uniform code for timber harvest practices in California, which are overseen and periodically updated by the Board of Forestry and Fire Protection, whose nine members are appointed by the governor. The rules are then implemented by Cal Fire, which reviews and authorizes logging permits.
But the damage has continued despite the state's rules. In the 1980s, for example, a junk-bond-financed conglomerate named Maxxam Corporation engineered a hostile takeover of Humboldt County's largest timberland owner, Pacific Lumber Company. They acquired more than 200,000 acres, including more than 20,000 acres in the Elk River watershed—roughly two-thirds its total land area.
The company saw the redwoods and Douglas fir forests as underexploited assets, which could help pay off its bonded debt, and moved to liquidate the last remaining stands of private old-growth redwoods—but only after first raiding the pension fund of its employees. Numerous North Coast rivers, including the Elk, were buried under soil and debris.
In a landmark 1987 lawsuit by the Arcata-based Environmental Protection Information Center (EPIC), a Humboldt County superior court judge ruled that Cal Fire was "rubber-stamping" the logging permits that came before it, rather than meaningfully reviewing them for compliance with laws and regulations. The court further ruled that Cal Fire needs to assess the "cumulative impacts" of logging on water quality and other aspects of the public trust.
A taxi is parked in front of retired airplane and tank on display, at a Chinese village bordering North Korea at Dandong in China's Liaoning Province, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
North Korean soldiers walks on a bund from the North Korean side of the Yalu River, as a Chinese boat sails by with tourists, near Sinuiju in North Korea and Dandong in China's Liaoning Province, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
A North Korean soldier plows the land with an ox from the North Korean side of the Yalu River, as a Chinese boat sails by with tourists, near Sinuiju in North Korea and Dandong in China's Liaoning Province, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
Tourists walk on the Broken Bridge, bombed by the U.S. forces in the Korean War and now a tourist site, over the Yalu River that divides North Korea and China, in Dandong, China's Liaoning province, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
North Korean soldiers plow the land with an ox from the North Korean side of the Yalu River, as a Chinese boat sails by with tourists, near Sinuiju in North Korea and Dandong in China's Liaoning Province, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
DANDONG, China Despite heightened tension on the Korean peninsula and North Korea warning of a nuclear strike against any sign of U.S. aggression, there were few signs of strain on Thursday on the main border post between China and the reclusive nation.
In Dandong, through which about three-quarters of China's trade with North Korea flows, long queues of trucks heading in both directions formed across the Friendship Bridge, despite what locals said was a relative lull due to the North's most important national holiday on Saturday marking the birth of founder president Kim Il Sung.
China has signed up to wide-ranging United Nations sanctions designed at halting Pyongyang's nuclear and ballistic missile programs, and local traders told Reuters that blanket bans on key North Korean commodities exports like coal, iron ore powder and precious metals have dealt a blow to business.
Trade across the border is now mainly food, textiles, plastic goods, other household items and some commodities, the traders said.
Dandong residents said they were well aware of the mounting tension on the Korean peninsula, fueled by Pyongyang's repeated ballistic missile and nuclear tests, South Korea's installation of the THAAD anti-missile system in response, and a U.S. aircraft carrier group heading to the region in a show of force.
Most expressed a little anxiety, but were largely confident the situation would not flare out of control.
"If a war starts, then the situation on the peninsula will completely get chaotic," said 66-year-old retiree Cai Zhengsun, who was strolling along the Yalu River, which marks the border between the two countries.
"When Xi Jinping spoke with the U.S. president, he mentioned maintaining the peace on the peninsula," Cai said, referring to Wednesday's telephone conversation between the leaders of the China and the United States.
"(Xi) won't allow any attacks. Although the U.S. is the world's hegemonic power, it wouldn't dare to take actions."
China, which shares a long land border with North Korea, is the reclusive state's sole major ally and main trading partner.
At their Florida summit meeting last week, U.S. President Donald Trump pressed Xi to do more to curb North Korea's nuclear program. Trump said on Tuesday that North Korea was "looking for trouble" and Washington would "solve the problem" with or without China's help.
The worry is that the reclusive North could hold its sixth nuclear test or more missile launches in defiance of United Nations sanctions around the time of its founder's birth anniversary. Trump has put North Korea on notice that he will not tolerate provocative actions.
TRADE SLOWED
Trade has slowed at the border, Chinese transport workers said.
At one logistics center for metal shipments visited by Reuters, workers were busy unloading North Korean trucks arriving from across the border. They said flows of North Korean trucks had slowed to a trickle of three or four a day since February, down from the usual 20.
"Only shipments of lead are being allowed through," said the center's foreman, who asked to be identified only by his last name, Zhang. "We used to trade all metals here, gold, silver, iron ore powder from North Korea – just not copper, they keep it there for military use."
China has long been wary of cutting off trade completely for fear that it could trigger a regime collapse that would send millions of North Koreans surging across the border seeking refuge.
China and North Korea enjoy "normal trade activities", Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang told reporters in Beijing.
"It is beyond dispute for us to maintain normal trade relations with North Korea while observing our obligations to the Security Council resolutions," Lu said.
However, away from official channels, unregulated gray market trade continues to flourish. At Dandong's Yicuomao port, a stream of Chinese fishing vessels carries grains and potatoes, besides alcohol, candy and cooking gas, for barter with North Korean fishermen.
The vessels return from one-day round trips to North Korean waters full of fresh seafood. The Chinese fishermen who work the boats say they are often shocked by the apparent poverty of their North Korean counterparts who look "close to starvation".
"What happens to the food we bring when it gets there, I don't know," one said.
(Additional reporting by Christian Shepherd in Beijing; Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)
President Donald Trump honored prisoners of war and soldiers missing in action, flying the POW/MIA flag above the White House on Wednesday.
The black flag with the silhouette of a soldier by a guard tower and barbed wire honors those soldiers that have not returned from war. The flag was adopted by the National League of Families in 1970.
A White House source cited the 1998 Defense Authorization Act as the reason for the flag placed above the president's home on Wednesday, as Congress designated Flag Day as a day for the POW/MIA flag to be displayed. All war memorials, major military installations, the Pentagon, and the Capitol are expected to fly the flag on Flag day.
White House flying the POW/MIA flag A post shared by Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) on Jun 14, 2017 at 11:42am PDT
Trump issued a statement earlier today proclaiming June 14 as Flag Day.
“By honoring our flag, we pay due respect to the patriots and heroes who have laid down their lives in defense of the liberty it represents,” he wrote.
The president also said he was “blessed” to share his birthday with the national flag.
“I am blessed to have shared my birthday with the Star Spangled Banner and the U.S. Army for 71 years now,” his statement read. “Again, on Flag Day, I am deeply grateful to live under the red, white, and blue, and all for which it stands.”
The House will not include an Obamacare bailout package in their must-pass omnibus spending bill.
Multiple lawmakers left a meeting with House Republican leadership on Monday night, confirming that the House version of the omnibus spending bill will not include an Obamacare bailout package proposed by Sens. Lamar Alexander (R-TN) and Susan Collins (R-ME).
Congress must pass the omnibus spending bill before midnight Friday or the government will shut down.
The proposed bailout package would include Obamacare's cost-sharing reduction subsidies for three years and funding a federal reinsurance program for three years in exchange for increased flexibility for states through federal waivers. The program would also expand eligibility for Obamacare “copper” plans.
The removal of the Obamacare bailout proposal deals a blow to Sen. Collins, who secured support from Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) to support the bailout measure in exchange for her vote for the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in December.
House Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Greg Walden (R-OR), a supporter of the proposed bailout measure, said on Monday night, “They're not in there at this point, and that's unfortunate. We're going to see what we can do moving forward, perhaps in the Senate.”
Sens. Mike Lee (R-UT), Ted Cruz (R-TX), as well House Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows (R-NC) and Rep. Jim Jordan (R-OH) wrote an op-ed last week urging fellow lawmakers to end any potential Obamacare bailout.
The conservative lawmakers wrote in their op-ed why they oppose funding the CSR program, as well as a federal reinsurance program:
Before now, Republicans correctly saw CSR payments for what they were – flagrant bailouts of favored ObamaCare insurance companies – and refused to be complicit in that bailout. Republicans also recognized that CSR payments lacked sufficient pro-life protections, allowing taxpayer funding for abortions. These problems with CSR payments still remain – but the attitude among some Republicans has strangely and suddenly changed. The reinsurance program proposals under consideration today would create a new backdoor bailout similar to one originally found in Obamacare.
In contrast, Lee, Cruz, Meadows, and Jordan argue that Republican lawmakers should focus on expanding health savings accounts (HSAs), allowing Americans to purchase more affordable health plans, and making health plans portable between jobs.
“These three simple things will go a long way toward promoting market competition that benefits consumers and reduces the cost of health care for everyday Americans,” the conservatives explained.
Freeport, China Moly agree to end talks on cobalt assets
TORONTO, June 14 Freeport-McMoRan Inc, the world's biggest publicly traded copper miner, and China Molybdenum Co Ltd (CMOC) have agreed to terminate discussions on CMOC's acquisition of Freeport's cobalt assets, Freeport said on Wednesday.
The House committees invite the Resorts World security team who were supposed to man the CCTV surveillance room, but who left their posts during the attack on June 2
Published 7:42 PM, June 13, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Lawmakers on Wednesday, June 14, will continue investigating the attack of lone gunman Jessie Carlos on the posh Resorts World Manila, causing the deaths of 38 people, including himself.
The House committees on games and amusements, public order and safety, and tourism will hold the second day of their joint probe in the Belmonte Hall of the House of Representatives at 9 am. (READ: 3 questions answered at House probe into Resorts World attack)
Among those invited to appear before the House committees are the Resorts World security personnel who were supposed to man the hotel-casino's CCTV video feed.
During the first hearing on June 7, lawmakers discovered the surveillance room was vacated by hotel security just a few minutes after Carlos started shooting and set casino tables ablaze on June 2.
A lone police officer ended up viewing the feed from this surveillance room, but he was naturally unaware of the precise location of the areas he was viewing on camera.
The security personnel transferred to their secondary CCTV room at the Remington Hotel, but management failed tell the police about this, and the latter did not ask them either. (READ: Resorts World Manila COO admits 'lapses in security' during attack)
The committee already requested the Resorts World management to give them the complete CCTV footage from May 31 to June 3. (READ: Lawmakers grill Resorts World security chief over college degree)
Also invited to the hearing are representatives of the funeral homes where the victims were brought – Remedios Espiridion for Veronica Memorial Chapels and Rodelio Hilario of Rizal Funeral Homes.
Hours after the attack, victims' relatives said they were pressured by the funeral homes to agree to subject their dead to an autopsy, or the bodies would not be released. Other relatives claimed the funeral homes refused to conduct an autopsy unless they agreed to purchase the caskets from them or pay for caskets they did not like.
The House committees also invited top officials involved in the investigation, including the following:
Philippine National Police chief Director General Ronald dela Rosa
National Capital Region Police Office chief Director Oscar Albayalde
Southern Police District Director Chief Superintendent Tomas Apolinario
Bureau of Fire Protection chief Bobby Baruelo
Philippine Amusement and Gaming Corporation (Pagcor) Chairperson Andrea Domingo
Philippine Economic Zone Authority Director General Charito Plaza
Resorts World Manila president Kingson Sian
Resorts World Manila chief operating officer Stephen Reilly
Findings from the 1st hearing
According to games and amusements committee vice chairperson Sherwin Tugna, the probe will help the committees determine what laws to amend or propose to avoid a similar attack from happening.
"The incident encompasses and affects a broad spectrum of issues. Effect of gambling on individuals who lose and are heavily indebted, safety of gaming and gambling facilities, looming possibility of terrorism and the incident's effect on our tourism," said the CIBAC representative.
During the last hearing, Sian and Reilly admitted lapses in their security, which allowed Carlos to attack Resorts World.
They said the victims, including the wife of Pampanga 3rd District Representative Aurelio Gonzales Jr, died of suffocation in the hotel-casino's rooms because they were afraid to be caught in the gunfight.
Resorts World management promised to give financial support to both the victims' families and those injured, including funding for the education of the victims' children until college. (READ: Resorts World Manila to give victims' families P1M each)
House leaders will also file a bill transferring to the House the power of Pagcor to grant licenses to casinos. – Rappler.com
MATTOON, Ill. (WTHI) - A judge continued a hearing scheduled for Friday for the teen accused of the Mattoon High School shooting.
Scroll for more content...
The court rescheduled the boy's next hearing for Feb. 15.
You may recall the Sept. 20 shooting inside the Mattoon High School cafeteria that left one student hospitalized.
At the suspect's last hearing, the suspect has been seeing a psychiatrist. We were told the psychiatrist will testify at the next hearing.
Dr. Lawrence Jeckel will offer his recommendations as to where the boy should receive mental health treatment as his case proceeds.
SEATTLE (AP) — Boeing plans to shift another work group away from the Puget Sound region.
The Seattle Times reports (https://goo.gl/awwrNu ) the company confirmed Wednesday the work shifting to Mesa, Arizona, could involve hundreds of jobs.
The changes will affect Boeing's Shared Services Group, which employs about 3,000 people and provides support services to Boeing's corporate and production units.
The unit's leadership has initiated a review and has started to tell specific groups that their jobs could be moving.
The move is part of Boeing's drive to cut costs, which is largely responsible for the loss of more than 18,300 Boeing jobs in Washington state since the most recent employment peak in fall 2012.
Boeing aims to complete the reorganization by 2020.
Group president Beverly Wyse says it's too early to know how many jobs will be moved.
Acer Africa signs up Vic Brits
Vic Brits has joined Acer Africa as its new head of commercial in the sub-Saharan region.
Brits will focus on increasing Acer's market share in the Southern African Development Community [SADC] and in the SME market in South Africa, alongside Acer's channel ecosystem.
“Being part of Acer, a globally established technology brand, has definitely encouraged and motivated me to apply my past experiences to further enhance what Acer has already instituted thus far,” he comments.
“To me, success is not only achieving business and personal objectives that I have set for myself, but also being able to maintain a healthy work/life balance in the process.” he adds.
Brit practices positivity throughout his professional and personal life and believes that positive thoughts lead to positive actions and progressive outcomes.
ENVIRONMENT: An award-winning international advertising agency based in Knysna are in need of Junior – Senior Web Developers to join their growing team. Candidates must have PHP, HTML, CSS, MySQL, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript also experience with a front-end JS framework such as React / Vue. Candidates can also work remotely. REQUIREMENTS: Core technology: PHP, HTML, CSS, MySQL
HTML5 and CSS3 Experience
JavaScript
WordPress
Shopify
PHP Web Application Framework Experience
Experience with a front-end JS framework, e.g. React/Vue
E-commerce Experience (e.g. Magento)
Passion for learning new skills and technologies
Excellent problem-solving skills
Solid portfolio
Three years web development experience (mid-level)
Five years + web development experience (senior level) While we would really like to respond to every application, should you not be contacted for this position within 10 working days please consider your application unsuccessful. COMMENTS: When applying for jobs, ensure that you have the minimum job requirements. Only SA Citizens will be considered for this role. If you are not in the mentioned location of any of the jobs, please note your relocation plans in all applications for jobs and correspondence. Please e-mail a word copy of your CV to (email address) and mention the reference numbers of the jobs. We have a list of jobs on http://www.datafin.com. Datafin IT Recruitment – Cape Town Jobs.
He gave his name very quickly in court. Minassian's eyes darted around as he listened to what the duty counsel Georgia Koulis was saying, but he wore a poker face expression.
Minassian's next court appearance is via video May 10. He needs to find a lawyer and, given the seriousness of the charges, Justice of the Peace Stephen Waisberg told court that he was required to detain the accused.
Minassian was ordered not to have contact with any of the 13 attempt murder victims. When asked if he understood, he sharply said, "Yes."
Court records show he has no criminal record prior to these charges.
A man believed to be Minassian's father was in court and escorted out by police, surrounded by a throng of media.
The Richmond Hill man is accused of jumping the sidewalk with a rented van and ramming pedestrians along a two-kilometre stretch of Yonge St., between Sheppard Ave. and Finch Ave. on Monday afternoon. Ten people were killed, while another 14 remain in hospital (the original report that 15 people were injured was incorrect).
The suspect behind the wheel of the van later ditched the vehicle and got into a standoff with a police officer on Poyntz Ave. south of Sheppard Ave. Eyewitness video of the confrontation shows him asking the officer to "shoot me in the head," claiming he had a gun in his pocket.
The officer arrested the suspect at the scene. The arresting police officer widely praised for his handling of the situation is Const. Ken Lam, the Star has confirmed.
Former Toronto mayor Mel Lastman called him his "hero."
"Try to imagine for yourself what that must feel like, being in a standoff with a suspect," Lastman said in a statement. "Despite thinking that the suspect was armed with a gun, he did not shoot the suspect. He was brave and managed to keep him alive. It is this sole act that will allow the city of Toronto to get to the bottom of this horrific crime."
Since January, the Toronto police in-service training — offered annually to officers — has begun running a scenario eerily similar to the real-life horror that played out along Yonge, involving officers responding to a vehicle attack on pedestrians. Crisis resolution training has also focused increasingly on situations involving people trying to provoke officers into shooting them.
On Monday, Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said Minassian's name did not trigger any red flags relating to terrorism.
Mark Mendelson, a former lead detective with the Toronto police homicide squad, said it is too early to speculate about the suspect's motive. But a key part of the investigation in the coming days will be a forensic analysis of online activity, examining the websites he visited and posts he made online.
Minassian's mental health will be an important factor going forward, he said, predicting that the accused killer may attempt to claim to be not criminally responsible in the deaths — a legal defence known as NCR.
"If you look at it for what it is, it would not surprise me if an NCR defence is on the minds of any lawyer he is going to get," Mendelson said.
A source confirmed to the Star that a Facebook post circulating on social media talking about "incel" and invoking U.S. mass murderer Elliot Rodger was published on a profile in the name of Alek Minassian.
A spokesperson for Facebook Canada said it deleted the account Monday.
It is unclear whether Minassian was the author of the post.
"Incel" refers to an online community of the "involuntarily celibate," or men who feel frustrated by their inability to find romantic relationships or sex. Online community forums often feature misogynistic rhetoric.
Mayor Tory praised the police, first responders and city staff for their response in a speech at a special council meeting Tuesday morning.
He said it was a reminder that we are capable of "great bravery" — police officers who quickly and safely apprehended the suspect; the calm displayed by paramedics and firefighters who hurried from victim to victim; "heroic efforts" of hospital staff; and "extraordinary examples of ordinary citizens" who comforted those who were injured.
"I know that I speak on behalf of all of the members of city council and city staff when I say that our hearts are with all of those affected," Tory said. "The people who call this city home are shaken and we mourn together but we are not broken and we will not be broken."
After a moment of silence for the victims, council recessed for the day.
Read more:
Details emerging of victims
Horror on Yonge St. after van driver kills 10 and injures 15
Suspect in van rampage identified as Alek Minassian, 25, of Richmond Hill
What we know and don't know about the van crash
At Queen's Park, Progressive Conservative Leader Doug Ford said "our hearts break for the victims of this terrible tragedy and their families."
"I want to thank the first responders, and give special thanks to Constable Ken Lam, what a true hero," Ford said.
"This is a tough time but in these moments our country, our province and our city come together. There has been an outpouring of support right across the province. Our prayers and our thoughts are with the families and the victims."
With files from Sabrina Nanji, Jennifer Yang, Jennifer Pagliaro, Tamar Harris, Daniel Dale, Alexandra Jones, Julien Gignac, Robert Benzie, Michele Henry and Nicholas Keung
With files from Sabrina Nanji, Jennifer Yang, Jennifer Pagliaro, Tamar Harris, Daniel Dale, Alexandra Jones, Julien Gignac, Robert Benzie, Michele Henry and Nicholas Keung
Brazilian businessman Eike Batista convicted of corruption
Photo: Felipe Dana, AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE- In this Nov. 18, 2014, file photo, former billionaire Eike Batista, a Brazilian tycoon once named No. 7 on Forbes' list of the world's richest people, attends his hearing at a federal criminal court in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Batista as convicted on Monday, July 2, 2018 of corruption and money laundering and sentenced to 30 years. less FILE- In this Nov. 18, 2014, file photo, former billionaire Eike Batista, a Brazilian tycoon once named No. 7 on Forbes' list of the world's richest people, attends his hearing at a federal criminal court in ... more Photo: Felipe Dana, AP Brazilian businessman Eike Batista convicted of corruption 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
São Paulo (AP) — A Brazilian businessman famous for amassing and then losing a multi-billion-dollar fortune has been convicted of corruption and money laundering and sentenced to 30 years in prison.
Eike Batista was found guilty of paying around $16.5 million in bribes to the then-Rio de Janeiro governor to gain an advantage in government contracts. Ex-Gov. Sergio Cabral was also convicted — one of several corruption cases against Cabral, who is already in prison.
A federal judge in Rio de Janeiro signed the decision on Monday but it did not become widely known until Tuesday. Fernando Martins, a lawyer for Batista, complained the case against his client was vague and said that he would appeal, according to Brazilian media. The court said he will not begin serving his sentence while the appeal is pending. A lawyer for Cabral also said he would appeal.
The case is part an investigation into the laundering and hiding of about $100 million in foreign bank accounts. Prosecutors allege that nearly $80 million of that belonged to Cabral. The probe is one branch of Brazil's massive Car Wash investigation into the systematic trading of bribes and illegal campaign contributions to politicians in exchange for favors for companies.
An oil and mining magnate, Eike was once Brazil's richest man and was listed by Forbes magazine in 2011 as the world's eighth-richest person. By 2013, his fortune had crumbled amid debts in his energy sector companies.
Drama surrounded Batista's arrest last year on the corruption charges. Police officers initially went to Batista's home in Rio de Janeiro to serve the warrant, but he wasn't there. His lawyer said he was traveling abroad at the time. Despite his lawyer's assurances that he would turn himself in when his trip was concluded, federal police asked Interpol for help to locate Batista and said he was briefly considered a fugitive. Four days after the initial attempt to arrest him, Batista was taken into custody as he walked off a commercial flight from New York.
The International Weightlifting Federation (IWF) claims to have received assurance from countries in Oceania of their full support for the sport's new Olympic qualifying system.
The new system, which applies to the Tokyo 2020 Games, was the focus of one of the three education seminars held by the Oceania Weightlifting Federation (OWF) in conjunction with the recent Oceania Championships in New Caledonia.
IWF director general Attila Adamfi held a lecture on it with the attendees said to have been very pro-active.
They received clarification on several technical implementation details.
The show of support comes after Kazakhstan, the nation with the worst doping record in weightlifting, angered rival nations by appealing to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) over the new system.
While countries with a clean record can send eight athletes to Tokyo 2020, Kazakhstan can send a maximum of two - one man and one woman - because its athletes have been caught cheating so often.
No nation in the world has had more positives than Kazakhstan since 2008, the date which the IWF used as a start point in assessing its members' doping record for the purposes of awarding quota places for Tokyo 2020.
Several other countries are restricted to reduced places in Tokyo because they have accrued 20 or more positives in the past 10 years, Russia and Azerbaijan being among them.
No date has been announced for the CAS hearing, at which the IWF is confident it can successfully oppose the appeal of Kazakhstan - one of nine countries currently serving a one-year suspension imposed by the IWF for multiple offences.
In a statement, the IWF said that the principle aim of its radical new system was "protecting clean sport" and pointed out that the qualifying process had been approved by the International Olympic Committee.
Athletes will be tested far more often than in the past, as they must compete at least six times in the 18-month qualifying period that starts on November 1.
A women's development seminar also took place in New Caledonia ©IWF
The other OWF seminars held in New Caledonia focused on anti-doping and women's development.
The anti-doping seminar was led by Patrick Schamasch, chairman of the IWF's Anti-Doping Commission.
The aim was to raise awareness among youth athletes, coaches and doctors of the dangers and consequences of doping, and provide useful information for all athletes in the field of key anti-doping topics.
Schamasch also highlighted the importance of fair play and the prevention of doping in weightlifting.
Representatives from 10 countries took part in the women's development seminar.
The lecture was held by OWF official Lilly Coffa, while Papua New Guinea's Dika Toua, the first-ever woman to lift weights at an Olympic game when she competed at Sydney 2000, also participated.
The seminars were supported by the IWF, which is due to hold an Executive Board meeting here in Uzbekistan's capital across tomorrow and Thursday (July 5).
The meeting will be followed by the IWF Congress on Friday (July 6).
On Monday's broadcast of MSNBC's “Morning Joe,” Washington Post columnist Eugene Robinson argued President Trump not only received support from white supremacists, but “invited” and “welcomed” such support.
advertisement
Robinson said, “Donald Trump did not just receive the support of white supremacists. He invited it. He welcomed it. He led the birther movement, which had very, very clear, not just racial overtones, but racial content. He tweeted in 2014 that President Obama was doing such a bad job that we wouldn't have another black president for decades, which says a lot about how he saw race and how he saw blackness and whiteness. It's — so, this is not a new Donald Trump. This is who Donald Trump is.”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
KNOXVILLE (WATE) – If you missed out on the Free Shred Day at WATE 6 On Your Side and still have documents that need to be destroyed, another event is coming up to help.
ORNL Federal Credit Union is hosting a community Shred Day event on Saturday, April 22, from 9 a.m. to noon, or until the trucks are full. Being a member of the credit union is not required.
People can bring up to three boxes 24” x 12” x 10” or smaller, or three 13-gallon trash bags to the Farragut branch at 11405 Municipal Center Drive or the Oak Ridge branch at 221 S. Rutgers Avenue.
May 2 Abeona Therapeutics Inc
* Abeona Therapeutics provides update on EB-101 gene therapy for severe form of epidermolysis bullosa from the society for investigative dermatology conference
* EB-101 demonstrates significant wound healing in 100 pct of treated wounds at 3 months; 89 pct at 6 months, 83 pct at 12 months Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
[India], July 4 (ANI): Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath on Wednesday welcomed the Central government's decision to hike the minimum support price (MSP) for paddy by Rs 200 per quintal.
"This will bring happiness to the farmers. This is a major decision taken by Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government. This will improve the quality of life of farmers," Adityanath told ANI.
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs also approved the increase in MSP of 14 Kharif crops.
The MSP of paddy (common grade) has been increased by Rs 200 to Rs 1,750 per quintal, while that of Grade A variety by Rs 160 per quintal to Rs 1,750.
The MSP of medium staple cotton has been increased to Rs 5,150 from Rs 4,020 earlier, and that of long staple cotton to Rs 5,450 from Rs 4,320 per quintal. In pulses, MSP of Tur has been raised to Rs 5,675 per quintal from Rs 5,450, while that of Moong to Rs 6,975 per quintal from Rs 5,575. Urad MSP has been hiked to Rs 5,600 from Rs 5,400 per quintal. Earlier, PM Narendra Modi had assured farmers that the Centre will approve the higher minimum support price for Kharif crops. Paddy is the main Kharif crop, the sowing of which has already begun with the onset of southwest monsoon. (ANI)
Te Reo Maori thrash metal band Alien Weaponry is releasing their debut album, Tu, tomorrow.
New Zealand fans will get the first opportunity to buy it with the album, which is made up of half te reo songs, going on sale online at midnight.
The band is made up of three teenagers, 15-year-old Lewis de Jong is the lead singer and guitarist, his 17-year-old brother Henry plays drums, while 15-year-old bassist Ethan Trembath rounds out the band.
The album is named after Tumatauenga, the Maori god of war, with lead singer and guitarist Lewis de Jong explaining that war is a theme through the album.
“Quite a few of the songs on the album are about battles or conflict, so we wanted to acknowledge the influence of Tumatauenga in our work,” de Jong said.
“About half the songs are also in Te Reo Maori, but since the album is being released internationally, we wanted something that would be easy for people worldwide to say and remember.”
Tu is also the name of the character on the cover, which was designed by Barry Bewick.
The image features traditional moko on the lower half of the face, topped by the metal helmet of a Viking and the horns of a Celtic warrior.
“While we call him Tu, he represents the warrior ancestry of all three of us – I have Celtic and French roots; and Lewis and Henry have Maori (Ngati Pikiao/Hinekura and Ngati Raukawa) and Viking heritage,” explains bassist Trembath.
The album was the number one “most added album” on both American metal charts after being added to 42 radio playlists.
It also landed a coveted spot on the “Devils A Dozen” playlist on SiriusXM's Liquid Metal show.
Speech to Text for Changes to the dance ordinance?
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
are reminded... you do not need a permit for your private party. good evening and welcome to news 10 nightwatch. news 10 has continuing coverage of the dance permit controversy. news 10's heather good first brought you the story earlier this year. she's live in front of city hall where later this week the council will discuss changes to the ordinance a committee has been working on this issue the past month and came up with four changes to the dance permit ordinance. the first change ... is the name. a committee of concerned citizens... council members... and law enforcement have some proposed changes to the dance permit ordinance. the first is changing the name from dance permit... to special event permit. karrum nasser, district 3 city councils says, "if you look at the ordinance it states special event over forty-four times in the ordinance. it's always been about controlling large groups rather than controlling the fact that there's dancing at a particular event so that will be the major change that people will see." the second change is for reoccuring public events like the blues at the crossroads... nasser says, "if someone has an event weekly, monthly, yearly they won't have to redo the permit, it'd be just a one time fee." councilman nasser explains... the third change deals with liability insurance. instead of a five million dollar policy ... hosts would need just a million. and finally... if you are denied a permit... there would be an appeals process. connie wrin organizes blues at the crossroads... and voiced her concern about the ordinance alongside others like local musician and community organizer james taylor. both are a part of the committee who came up with the proposed changes. wrin says she supports the new plan. taylor still questions if the ordinance is needed but says the conversation has been positive. nasser says, "i think that this is where government has worked with the people that it effects a lot and come up with a solution that's going to again keep our community safe and have events throughout our community." the ordinance will be discussed during the city council meeting this thursday. there will be time for public comment... and it could be voted on that night. live in terre haute, heather good, news 10. again... the ordinance only applies to public events. we've got a link to the
The Queensland and federal governments are being urged to step in as Torres Strait families move to higher ground to escape rising sea levels.
On Iama Island, fears of being washed away have prompted some families to move away from the heavily eroded beach, which local councillor Getano Lui says is creating overcrowding.
He is calling on both the state government and commonwealth to provide $10 million each in immediate funding for sea walls on Boigu and Poruma islands, and scoping works on Iama, Masig and Warraber islands.
"The other islands can cope at this stage, and I'm not saying its going to get worse over the years, but at least for now that can happen," Mr Lui said.
Mr Lui and other Torres Strait Island Regional Council officials travelled to Canberra last week to lobby Indigenous Affairs Minister Nigel Scullion, Leichhardt MP Warren Enstch, Labor MPs and crossbench senators.
But he says the issue is being used as a political football.
Communities fear they will be relocated or lose everything because of rising sea levels.
"I don't care what happens between the state and the commonwealth, something needs to be done," Mr Lui said.
Mr Scullion says the federal government has contributed $26 million towards the construction of sea walls in the Torres Strait and wants an audit before investing further.
But the state government claims it contributed $12 million of that money and has promised to work with communities for a solution.
BRUSSELS (AP) — Amnesty International is accusing European Union countries of being complicit in the abuse of migrants detained in Libya.
The human rights group said in a report made public Tuesday that moves by EU member countries to cut off the main migration route from Africa to Europe have trapped an estimated 20,000 migrants in overcrowded and unsanitary Libyan detention facilities.
It also accused Libyan coast guard of collaborating with people smugglers and accepting kickbacks to let migrant boats leave for Europe.
Amnesty says it has documentary evidence that a boat donated by Italy was involved in an interception operation in which up to 50 people drowned.
Advertisement
EU officials have rejected criticism of Europe's approach to curbing immigration and say the bloc's money has been channeled into Libya through United Nations agencies.
Metta World Peace's Fil-Am son Jeron Artest has applied for a Philippine passport and hopes to someday play for the Philippine national basketball team
Published 2:19 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines - When Metta World Peace dropped by Luna Coffee shop Sunday, August 13 in Bonifacio Global City, Taguig, there were no visible signs of the menacing troublemaker formerly known as Ron Artest.
Instead, the fans and the media were greeted by a 37-year-old man full of smiles and praise for a country he was visiting for the first time, but already holds a significant place in his heart. To the random passerby, the tall foreigner giving out t-shirts wouldn't look like a former Defensive Player of the Year and one of the most feared competitors in NBA history.
Off the hardwood, Metta World Peace actually does live up to his chosen identity, which bodes well for the future of his Fil-Am son – Jeron Artest.
The Artest name recently hit the Filipino social media sphere because the 16-year old Jeron applied for a Philippine passport hoping to someday play for Gilas Pilipinas. Just the name “Artest” coupled with the fact that Jeron's mother, Jennifer Palma, is a Filipina was enough to send the country's basketball-crazed fans in a giddy frenzy.
As Jeron looks to join a country's national team at a young age, Metta recounts his tumultuous prime as a professional, making his best years also the worst.
“When I was in prime, I kept getting into a lot of trouble in the NBA,” said the Queens, New York native. “When I was Defensive Player of the Year and I finished top 6 in MVP voting, I was never invited to play for the USA team. They said they didn't want a player like myself on a team.”
He then proudly announced that his son is “very motivated” to work hard and get an invite because playing for the national team is something he never achieved and that representing one's own country “is different.”
Despite Jeron's lineage, however, Metta never let his genetics get to his son's head. “Just because you're my son, or just because you play basketball in America, doesn't mean you'll make a team,” said Metta.
Like most children of NBA stars, Jeron has to play the game to earn the name.
Jeron grew in the presence of his mother and stepdad - both of whom have been praised by Metta as great parents.
“His mom is a great mom. He wouldn't have come this far without her – even more than me,” admitted Metta. “And his stepdad is great – he's doing a really great job with my son. I couldn't be prouder, or happier, or luckier to have people in his life who care about him.”
This separation caused Metta to play a background role even though he is Jeron's biological father. Over the years, he has made peace with their setup and still made it work for everyone.
“I try not to get involved too much,” said Metta. “If they want me to be there, I'll be there. If they don't need me, that's all okay too.”
This led to Metta himself being surprised by his son's decision to try for Gilas. “That's something he wants,” said Metta. “I never envisioned him playing for this national team. He told me. He didn't need me to figure out the right people to call – he's a very smart kid.”
This is the same man who received the longest suspension in NBA history after the infamous “Malice at the Palace” on-court brawl 13 years ago. This is the same man who broke Michael Jordan's ribs in a pickup game and concussed James Harden with an intentional elbow.
Yet somehow, this is also the same man who sings praises for stepfathers, signs shirts for kids and most importantly, supports wholeheartedly a son who doesn't even need him around.
Perhaps, just like Jeron earning the name of Artest, Metta is earning the name of Peace. – Rappler.com
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - Police say a body found outside an Oklahoma City home where officers fatally shot a man was the man's wife.
Oklahoma City police Sgt. Gary Knight said Friday that the body was found in a van and identified as that of 51-year-old Jennifer Young.
Police say they found the body on Thursday, after 56-year-old William Young was shot when he opened fire on an arriving officer.
Knight says Jennifer Young's daughter was found wounded at the scene. Investigators believe William Young shot both before police were called.
Knight says William Young's brother was arrested for suspected involvement in the case, but formal charges haven't been filed. Knight says he doesn't know if the man has an attorney.
Police say the officer who shot William Young is now on paid leave.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By Ken Bell
kbell@abc6.com
The PC Friars practiced at Almni Hall on Monday before leaving for Dayton and Wednesday's NCAA Play-in game against Southern California.
The team talks about the task.
(Recasts, adds quote, changes dateline to LONDON from previous SINGAPORE)
* Dollar creeps up ahead of Fed decision
* Dollar below 6-week high vs yen
* Euro remains above $1.09
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Jemima Kelly
LONDON, May 3 The dollar inched up against most major currencies on Wednesday, as investors eyed a U.S. Federal Reserve statement later in the day for guidance on whether bets for a June interest rate hike are justified.
The Fed is widely expected to keep interest rates unchanged at the end of its two-day policy meeting on Wednesday, but investors will be looking to see whether the central bank downplays the recent soft patch in the economy to leave the door open for a move next month.
A June hike is currently 70 percent priced in, according to CME FedWatch.
Weak U.S. April auto sales data released on Tuesday added to recent worries about the outlook for the U.S. economy, which grew at its slowest rate in three years in the first quarter of the year.
But with the trading close to its weakest levels since the days after U.S. President Donald Trump's election in early November, currency analysts said enough bad news had been priced in, and that the risks to the greenback therefore were broadly to the upside.
The dollar inched up 0.2 percent against its broad index ahead of the meeting.
"If you look at how markets are positioned right now, it feels like hoping for the best but psychologically braced for a not so positive message," said UBS Wealth Management analyst Geoffrey Yu. "The data of late probably hasn't been enough to justify any excess buoyancy or excess bullishnesss."
"(But) given the experience of March, when no one thought it was a live meeting and then the Fed turned it into a live meeting, I don't think anyone would make that mistake again. All we need is a late flurry of data in May and then the Fed, if it sees a window, will hike in June."
Against the yen, the dollar was up just 0.1 percent to 112.12, close to a six-week high of 112.33 yen set on Tuesday .
Market participants may be wary of actively buying the dollar against the yen for now, said Satoshi Okagawa, senior global markets analyst for Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation in Singapore.
"Concerns about geopolitical risks such as North Korea had weighed on the dollar against the yen recently... But the focus is shifting to whether the (strength) of U.S. economic fundamentals is for real," he said.
The greenback has risen against the yen over the past few weeks as investor risk aversion diminished, helped in part by reduced concerns over geopolitical tensions.
The euro edged down 0.1 percent to $1.0915, trading within sight of a 5-1/2 month high of $1.0951 scaled last week after the centrist Emmanuel Macron's victory against anti-euro nationalist Marine Le Pen in the first round of France's presidential elections.
The runoff vote is on Sunday, with opinion polls showing Macron holding a strong lead of 20 points over Le Pen.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Additional reporting by Masayuki Kitano in Singapore; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
MIAMI (AP) — The brother of the teen charged with killing 17 people at a Florida school was arrested Monday afternoon for trespassing at the same school, authorities said.
Zachary Cruz, 18, was arrested at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School and charged with trespassing on school grounds, a Broward Sheriff's Office report said.
The teen was recorded by security cameras riding his skateboard at the school around 4:30 p.m. though he had received prior warnings from school officials to stay away from the campus, the report said.
Zachary Cruz told the arresting deputy that he was there to "reflect on the school shooting and to soak it in," according to the report. It added that the teen had "surpassed all locked doors and gates and proceeded to ride his skateboard through school grounds."
Advertisement
The youth's brother, 19-year-old Nikolas Cruz, has been charged with 17 counts of first-degree murder in connection with the Feb. 14 shooting.
The Associated Press reported Sunday that documents show some officials recommended in September 2016 that Nikolas Cruz be involuntarily committed for a mental evaluation, though the recommendation was never acted upon. Such a commitment would have made it more difficult, if not impossible, for Cruz to have legally obtained a gun such as the AR-15 assault-style rifle used in the shooting.
Jail records didn't immediately list an attorney for Zachary Cruz.
A Woodward police detective has been arrested on complaints of child sexual abuse.
Agents with the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation arrested 47-year-old Patrick Gandara on Friday. He was booked into the Ellis County Jail.
The district attorney's office is working to file charges. "The investigation has been lengthy. It was several weeks. It involves multiple jurisdictions," said District Attorney Angela Marsee.
Marsee said Gandara is scheduled to have his first appearance at the Ellis County Courthouse on August 22nd. Charges will likely be filed closer to his court date.
"It will take some time for us to review and make a determination as to what types of charges and how many charges that we want to file," Marsee said.
According to Marsee, Gandara is a longtime law enforcement officer. He was an officer in Arnett, El Paso and in California at one point. He has been with Woodward Police Department since 2013. He served as a detective and was recently promoted to Sergeant in May 2017.
"The nature of the allegations are very serious," said Marsee. She said the Department of Human Services, Ellis County, and OSBI are some of the agencies involved.
Marsee said Gandara is being held in a different jail for his safety. He has been suspended with pay until further notice, per policy of the Woodward Police Department.
A WOMAN has been treated for severe burns in Melbourne's south east overnight.
Police were called to a property on Boronia Avenue in Cranbourne around 6.30pm last night.
A 22-year-old Cranbourne woman sustained severe burns and was transported to hospital in a serious condition.
SUPERLOAD ARRIVES AT PORT, BUT JOURNEY NOT OVER YET
TERROR UNIT NABS 320 PEOPLE AT MELBOURNE AIRPORT
A 29-year-old man is assisting police with their inquiries.
Witness Daniel McCreedy told Channel Seven the woman had been “severely burnt.”
“I just smelt smoke, petrol,” he said.
“I noticed there was a jerrycan in the back (of the house) that was on fire.
“My partner took care of the lady who had been severely burnt.”
The investigation is ongoing.
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about today:
1. ANTI-NUCLEAR GROUP WINS NOBEL PEACE PRICE
The International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons wins for “drawing attention to the catastrophic humanitarian consequences of nuclear weapons and efforts to achieve a treaty-based prohibition of such weapons.”
2. SOME IMMEDIATE HELP IN VEGAS ARRIVED BY HAPPENSTANCE
The first emergency personnel to respond to the deadliest shooting in modern American history arrived at the scene only coincidentally, a firefighter says.
3. OMINOUS RUMBLINGS
President Donald Trump delivers a foreboding message, telling reporters as he posed for photos with his senior military leaders that this might be “the calm before the storm.”
5. WHO MAY STEP AWAY FOR GOOD FROM HIS MOVIE COMPANY
Many in Hollywood are wondering if Oscar-winning producer Harvey Weinstein's leave — following an expose on decades of alleged sexual harassment — might prove permanent.
6. HOW US IS USING LEVERAGE IN GULF
The American military halts some exercises with its Gulf Arab allies over the ongoing diplomatic crisis targeting Qatar, trying to use its influence to end the monthslong dispute, authorities tell the AP.
7. PUERTO'S RICO'S FAMED MONKEY ISLAND ALSO SUFFERED
One of the first places Hurricane Maria hit in the U.S. territory was Cayo Santiago, home to one of the world's most important sites for research into how primates think, socialize and evolve.
8. PREP PLAYERS STAYING ON SIDELINES
Participation in high school football is down around the U.S., in part because of greater awareness of head injuries.
9. JAPAN ALSO REJOICES FOR ISHIGURO'S NOBEL PRIZE
British writer Kazuo Ishiguro left Japan when he was 5 years old and didn't make a return visit to Japan for 30 years, but that hasn't stopped some in the country of his birthplace from celebrating the roots of the winner of the Nobel Prize in literature.
10. FROM PEWS TO BARSTOOLS
Craft breweries have opened in former churches, whose vaulted ceilings lend them an old-world air hard to replicate elsewhere, but have earned disapproval from clergy and worshippers across the country.
With the arrival of summer, and with it those long evenings and warm weather we've all been dreaming of, it's time to get ready for those big events you have planned over the months ahead. The same events that kept you motivated all winter.
In this article we are going to look at some key training sessions to convert the work you have done over the winter and spring into race-ready form, so you can hit your summer events, whether they be criteriums, sportives or group rides, at full gas.
– How a polarised training plan could transform your fitness –
Hopefully by now you have managed to get a good amount of training under your belt and are relatively fit. This means you are coping fine on longer rides and are recovering well from sessions, but you are possibly still missing that last few per cent compared to last season. Or perhaps you are looking to knock a few more seconds off on your favourite Strava segment.
If you want to convert your winter training into red-hot summer form, try these intervals sessions
To work on that last few per cent – the bit that matters when it comes to transforming general fitness into razor-sharp form – you need to be doing some hard interval sessions, as they give your body a really strong stimulus to improve, rebuild and grow stronger. When you do an interval session, especially one where you really have to go all out to complete the interval, you are working on how well you can convert the oxygen you are taking in into power on the bike.
– How to train with a power meter –
All those long miles over the winter will have built up a strong cardiovascular system and the likelihood now is that you can supply your muscles with plenty of oxygen, but you aren't quite getting every last watt available out of burning that same oxygen.
These sessions should help you to hit top form so you can smash your summer events. Some of these sessions refer to your training zones to ensure you are working at the right intensity. You can read one of my previous articles to find out how to set your zones.
[India], Dec 11 (ANI): Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad on Monday expressed happiness on elevation of Rahul Gandhi as party president and said the latter has shown a lot of mettle over a period of time and will be able to execute his responsibility well
Azad said the entire Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) including the prime minister and his 80 ministers were sitting in Gujarat for months but were still unable to counter Rahul.
"Entire country has the lot of expectations from Rahul Gandhi. He has shown his mettle over a period of time and particularly in the ongoing election in Gujarat .Much before he was elected he has made Prime Minister Modi rattled," Azad said.
"He knows his responsibility and priorities very well," he added. Echoing similar sentiments, former Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi said at the time when the situation is 'worst under the ruling government', elevation of Rahul will prove to be good. "In such time Rahul Gandhi has been elected as party President. In Gujarat, he has proved he is the only candidate who can be relied upon and he is even facing Prime Minister Modi confidently," Gogoi told ANI. Meanwhile, the Congress worker and leaders across the nation are celebrating with great zeal. Scores of workers even gathered in front of the Congress office raising slogans for Rahul and distributing sweets. Rahul was formally declared as the Congress Party president earlier today. Confirming the elevation, Congress' Central Election Authority Chairman Mullapally Ramchandran said the committee had received 89 nomination papers, all proposing the name of Rahul for the coveted post. Rahul has succeeded his mother Sonia Gandhi, who held the post for nearly two decades. (ANI)
[India], June 15 (ANI): Amid objection raised by stakeholders against the Centre's recent order prohibiting sale of cattle for slaughter in animal markets, Union Environment and Science Minister Harsh Vardhan on Thursday said his ministry was 'critically examining' all the representations to ensure that not even a single person has heartburn on the issue.
"The Supreme Court said what we have been saying for very long. In days to come, we will give an answer to all of this. The order has been misunderstood. We will put a positive action in place to address every concern and ensure that not even a single person has heartburn on the issue," Harsh Vardhan said the media here.
Meanwhile, animal rights activist, Gauri Mulekhi told ANI the Supreme Court's refusal to stay the notification passed by the Centre for regulating live stock markets simply stated that the live stock markets meant for agricultural cattle have to be run in a particular manner.
"The SC today refused to stay the notification passed by the Centre for regulating live stock markets. This notification was not meant for stopping or banning or slaughter of any animal which is regulated by other law of the country. This notification simply says that the live stock markets meant for agricultural cattle have to be regulated and run in a particular manner. For the first time in the history of our country have we touched live stock markets with a certain regulation," she added.
The Supreme Court today issued a notice to the Central government on hearing the Public Interest Litigation (PIL) filed by a Hyderabad based Non-Government Organisation (NGO) over cow and cattle slaughter ban issue.
The apex court's vacation bench, headed by Justice Sanjay Kishan Kaul and comprising Justice R. K. Agarwal issued notice to the government for July 11.
Additional Solicitor General P.S. Narasimha, appearing for the Centre, told the bench that intention behind bringing the notification was to have a regulatory regime on cattle trade across the country.
He also told the apex court that the Madras High Court had granted interim stay on the notification.
The petitioner NGO had moved the apex court challenging the Centre's notification that bans sale and purchase of cattle from animal markets for slaughter, a move that received flak since its announcement.
The petition was filed by a Hyderabad-based lawyer, Fahim Qureshi, stating that the order was discriminatory and unconstitutional, as it prevented cattle traders from earning their livelihood.
On May 25, the Centre through an order imposed a ban on the sale of cattle, including cows, for slaughter and restricted cattle trade solely to farm owners.
Minister for Environment, Forest and Climate Change Harsh Vardhan had ordered that the ministry has notified the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (Regulation of Livestock Markets) Rules, 2017 to ensure that the sale of cattle is not meant for slaughter purposes.
Regulating animal trade is a state business, but animal welfare is a central subject, thereby providing the window for the ministry to notify the rule.
In lieu of this, there was widespread opposition of the order, with many states openly denying accepting the notification.
On June 1, the students of the Indian Institutes of Technology (IIT- Madras) staged protest against the same.
With the police deployed in front of the IIT campus, the students protested at the main gate and raised slogans against the Centre's controversial notification. (ANI)
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
LABOR has announced Tania Lawrence as the party's new candidate for the Darling Range by-election.
Ms Lawrence is Labor's second candidate for the seat after its first candidate, Colleen Yates, pulled out of the race last week after questions emerged over her claims about her academic qualifications she made online.
Ms Lawrence, who lives in Mundaring, works at Woodside and has also served in the public sector, in emergency response management and counter-terrorism roles.
She was also the first elected female president of Motorcycling Australia.
“My community deserves to have a strong local voice in the McGowan Labor Government, and as a Mundaring local, I am putting myself forward to be that voice.,” Ms Lawrence said.
“The McGowan Government is getting on with delivering the projects and services our community needs – like the Byford rail line, fixing Denny Avenue, a new primary school in Byford, better health services and community safety initiatives.
“I will be an advocate for my community in the McGowan Labor Government – a strong, local voice standing up for what really matters.”
Premier Mark McGowan confirmed Ms Lawrence held a Bachelor of Arts in economics and Asian Studies.
“Tania's record speaks for itself, she will be a strong voice in my government,” he said.
“As a local resident, with a wealth of experience in the public and private sectors, Tania will be an effective local Member of Parliament for this community.
“My government has a big, job-creating agenda for the Darling Range electorate and I want Tania leading the way, as we deliver on that agenda.”
The by-election, prompted by the resignation of disgraced former MP Barry Urban, will be held on June 23.
Whether the Trump administration will enforce the federal ban on marijuana in Alaska remains ambiguous.
U.S. Sen. Lisa Murkowski asked Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein about cannabis policy at a hearing Tuesday. Rosenstein at times took a hard line.
“We follow the law and the science. And from a legal and scientific perspective, marijuana is an illegal drug,” he said “It's properly scheduled under schedule 1.”
Murkowski asked about the Cole Memo — a 2013 document that says the feds will not take enforcement action in states, like Alaska, that have opted to legalize and regulate cannabis.
Rosenstein said he intends to discuss it with the new U.S. attorneys, once they take office.
“At the moment, that memorandum is still in effect,” he said. “Maybe there will be changes to it in the future. But we're still operating under that policy.”
Rosenstein finished Murkowski's question back on the hard line:
“We're responsible for enforcing the law,” he said. “It's illegal and that is the federal policy with regard to marijuana.”
Murkowski gave him a one-word response: “Confusing.”
The federal ban has Alaska's licensed marijuana businesses in several binds.
Banks reject their cash receipts as drug money.
Murkowski said she's heard postal inspectors believe they can seize packages of cash when cannabis entrepreneurs mail payments to the state tax office.
It has been a wet day for some in South Mississippi as showers and storms moved through, but not everyone saw rain. As we move throughout tonight we will have our rain chances go down, but there will still be a chance you could see a few showers, so bring an umbrella if you will be out. Temperatures tonight we fall to the 60s with a good amount of cloud cover overhead.
Tyler Junior College announced on Monday that an active shooter drill is planned for August 16 from 2:30 until 3 p.m.
The statement from the college reads as follows:
As Tyler Junior College prepares for its 2017-2018 academic year, employees and students need to be prepared in case of an emergency that occurs on campus. Assisted by various emergency response organizations, TJC will conduct an active shooter drill at its main campus (1400 E. Fifth St.) and TJC West Campus (1530 SSW Loop 323) on Wednesday, August 16, from 2:30 – 3:00 p.m.
During the active shooter drill, campus police will send out a series of messages which will state THIS IS A DRILL at the beginning of each communication. Following the drill, a weather emergency informational meeting will be conducted.
Officers from various law enforcement agencies including Tyler Police and FBI will assist in the drill along with representatives from Trinity Valley Community College, Kilgore College and UT Tyler.
A new one-of-a-kind store in the valley sells products to give customers medical benefits of cannabis without the high.
Scroll for more content...
"I'm hoping to offer easy access to legal medication," owner Joe Vargas said.
Buy Legal Meds is now open on Tropicana and Decatur. It's the start of what Vargas said is the world's first CBD oil retail chain.
The shop sells CBD and hemp-based products which fall under a different category than marijuana because they contain either no or only trace amounts of THC.
Vargas says that means users can reap some of the medical benefits without getting high.
"This is definitely an alternative because you don't get the THC psychoactive high from CBD products," Vargas said.
All of the store's products from lotions to gummies are made in-house.
"We actually started with Cloud 9 syrup. This is our staple product great for insomnia, anxiety, ADD, fibromyalgia, MS, Parkinson's, many different things," Vargas said.
The shop also sells CBD flower which looks and smells like marijuana but without the THC, a product just for pets and even CBD smoothies.
Vargas said anyone 18 years old and over can purchase his products. He's already planning more locations in the valley and says this store is the start of the world's first CBD oil retail chain.
To celebrate the store's opening, during the month of February every customer who makes a purchase will get a free gram of CBD flower.
Complete access to news articles on azcapitoltimes.com is available to Arizona Capitol Times' subscribers who are logged in. Subscribers may login at the login tab below. Others may join our audience of successful Arizonans with a subscription today
"We are proud of investing in this new fleet to make travel more accessible and efficient for all Canadians, support economic growth and job creation and promote a sustainable environment for generations to come," he said in a news release.
About 94 per cent of the nearly four million passengers Via Rail carries annually travel on the Quebec City to Windsor corridor.
Via Rail declined to put an estimate on the required funding to replace its fleet but published reports have pegged the amount at up to $1.5 billion.
The trains promise to reduce environmental emissions with more fuel-efficient engines, enhance accessibility for visually, hearing and physically impaired passengers and improve on-time performance from reduced mechanical breakdowns.
The diesel engines will be able to operate on electricity as the infrastructure becomes available.
Via Rail president Yves Desjardins-Siciliano said the funding will improve service by ensuring uninterrupted access along the busy rail corridor.
"A new modern fleet will provide our travellers with safer, faster, more frequent, more accessible and environmentally friendlier service," he said.
Some of the old railway cars will be modernized and deployed on transcontinental and regional routes, while others would be sold or recycled, said Belanger.
Ottawa also earmarked $8 million for Transport Canada to conduct economic analysis on a proposed high-frequency rail project between Quebec City and Toronto that would operate on dedicated tracks.
Federal funding would also be used to explore the potential role for the Canada Infrastructure Bank in the project.
Via Rail was created by the federal government in 1977 to take over intercity passenger service provided by Canadian National Railway and Canadian Pacific Railway.
The company has struggled in the past after being forced to cut staffing and reduce service when its operating funding was slashed in half in 1990.
A decade later, the government provided $402 million five years to purchase new cars.
Follow @RossMarowits on Twitter.
Companies in this story: (TSX:CNR, TSX:CP, TSX:BBD.B)
By Ross Marowits, The Canadian Press
The Turkish flag is seen outside their embassy in Vienna, Austria, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger
VIENNA Turkish embassies on four continents submitted reports on alleged foreign-based opponents of President Tayyip Erdoğan within a week of receiving a request from Ankara last September, according to documents released by an Austrian lawmaker.
The papers made public by opposition Greens politician Peter Pilz suggested a wider intelligence network than has so far been revealed by authorities investigating alleged spying by Turkey on its expatriates in three European countries.
"There is clearly a global network of informants. We cannot say exactly how long it took to build up this network. I assume that it happened in a matter of years," Pilz told reporters.
A senior Turkish government official said: "These claims are completely false."
Tensions are running high between Turkey and the European Union as Ankara tries to drum up support among expatriate Turks to vote 'yes' in a referendum on April 16 on whether to grant Erdoğan sweeping new powers.
German, Austrian and Swiss authorities have all launched investigations into whether Turkey is conducting illegal espionage on their soil.
German prosecutors are investigating Halife Keskin, who leads the foreign affairs department of the Turkish state religious authority, the Diyanet, newspaper Sueddeutsche Zeitung and two German broadcasters reported late on Friday.
Investigators have a document in which Keskin personally ordered the global surveillance effort and asked for any reports to be sent to him, according to the German media.
The German federal prosecutor's office declined to comment.
An official at the Diyanet said Keskin was currently in Turkey and that while the Diyanet was aware of the German media reports, it had received no official notification from the German authorities that Keskin was being investigated.
Countries routinely post intelligence officers in their embassies, and the European authorities have not said in what ways the alleged Turkish activity went beyond acceptable levels of information-gathering by a foreign power.
Among the documents released by Pilz was a written call on Sept. 20, using the letterheads of the prime minister's office and the Diyanet, for information on supporters of Erdoğan's arch-enemy Fethullah Gulen.
Turkey has accused Gulen of masterminding a failed coup attempt last July and has purged state institutions, schools, universities and the media of tens of thousands of suspected Gulen supporters. The cleric denies any involvement.
The documents, which Pilz said he had received from a Turkish source, showed embassies in over 30 countries across Europe, Africa, Australia and Asia sent reports to Diyanet on alleged Gulenists. Most were filed by religious attaches in Turkish embassies or consulates.
NAMES AND ADDRESSES
They typically listed the names and addresses of alleged Gulenists, as well as of publishing houses, media groups, educational centres and schools deemed to support the exiled cleric. Some reports include information on family members and the educational background of targeted people.
Reuters could not immediately verify the authenticity of the documents, but a source close to Austria's government said it was safe to assume the ones on Austria were genuine.
Some reports, such as the one from Nigeria, include the names of middlemen responsible for building up ties between Gulenists and local power centres.
In the Austrian report, a Turkish official in Salzburg says an Austrian mosque umbrella group and other organisations have destroyed books, audio material, videos and newspapers deemed to be Gulenist.
The official says some gaps left by disappearing Gulenist organisations have been successfully filled with Erdogan-friendly replacements, such as after-school clubs.
A report from Azerbaijan names a journalist and some parliamentarians as sources of information on Gulenists. It names the director of a Turkish high school in Baku who will be reminded about the need to remove Gulenist teachers at his school.
An Australian report refers to "people who have lived in Australia for a long time and who know (the Gulenist) structure very well". An entry from Mongolia describes activity by alleged Gulenists on Facebook and Twitter.
Turkey has rejected previous accusations that it was using religious bodies in Europe to spy on Erdoğan critics.
In March, the religious attache of Turkey's embassy in Austria told a local newspaper that mosque groups had a duty to check whether people of Turkish origin in Austria had been "radicalised" by Gulen. He said it was legitimate to deliver reports on such people.
(Additional reporting by Andrea Shalal in Berlin; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
Hong Kong stocks fall as rates rise, Shanghai slips on nagging China slowdown fears
SHANGHAI, June 15 Hong Kong stocks fell to a three-week low on Thursday as borrowing costs in the city looked set to rise after a U.S. rate hike overnight, while shares in China slid on persistent fears that economic growth will soon start to cool.
THE head of world cycling, David Lappartient, has urged the public to ensure British rider Chris Froome has a “safe” Tour de France.
The world's biggest cycling race starts on Saturday, just days after four-time champion Froome was cleared of doping suspicions by the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI), headed by Lappartient.
In a post on his Twitter account, Lappartient said the UCI's decision should be respected, as should “all riders, including Chris Froome”.
“He has the right to operate in a safe environment. I have heard calls, sometimes completely irrational, to violence on the Tour de France.
“I cannot accept that and I call on all spectators to protect all the athletes and to respect the judicial decision so that Chris Froome can compete in a safe and serene environment like all other athletes.”
Camera Icon Great Britain's Chris Froome (L) trains with Team Sky. Pic: AFP Picture: AFP
Kenyan-born Froome, 33, was under investigation after delivering an abnormal test sample during the Tour of Spain last year.
He recorded an adverse analytical finding (AAF) for Salbutamol, an asthma medication, meaning he exceeded the allowed dose of a permitted substance.
“I feel the need to say to cycling lovers, to lovers of the Tour de France, that the decision that was taken (to drop the case against Froome) was taken on the basis of reports from experts which led the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) to consider that no violation of anti-doping rules had taken place,” Lappartient added
Camera Icon Froome is a four-time winner of le Tour. Pic: Getty Picture: AFP
“And from this point on, that decision must be respected,” Lappartient added.
Opposition to Froome had been building in France ahead of the Tour, with five-time Tour winner Bernard Hinault labelling him a cheat and organisers barring him from riding before relenting earlier this week and lifting the ban.
Froome is out to emulate five-time winners Hinault, Jacques Anquetil, Eddy Merckx and Miguel Indurain when he competes for a fifth win in the three-week Tour.
A win would also make Froome the second racer after Merckx to win four straight Tours.
* Feb exports +26.5 pct y/y vs Reuters poll +17.9 pct
* Feb imports +27.7 pct y/y vs poll f'cast +21.7 pct
* Economists say Feb growth pace cannot be sustained
* Trade surplus 8.7 bln rgt vs poll f'cast of 4.7 bln rgt
* Jan-Feb exports rise 19.8 pct y/y, imports up 21.5 pct (Adds comments, background)
KUALA LUMPUR, April 5 Malaysia's exports and imports surged in February at the fastest annual pace for a month in nearly seven years, but the strong numbers stemmed mainly from a low base and are unlikely to be sustained.
Exports rose 26.5 percent from a year earlier, data from the International Trade and Industry Ministry showed on Wednesday. That was the fastest growth since May 2010 and the fourth straight month of expansion.
Economists had forecast 17.6 percent. In January, exports grew 13.6 percent.
Imports in February rose 27.7 percent from a year earlier, the biggest annual gain since June 2010.
Economists said the high figures were rooted in a low base, stemming from the timing of the Lunar New Year, which last year was in February. This year, festivities began in late January.
"We don't expect this to sustain at current levels, and we can expect to see an unfavourable base effect emerge in March," said Brian Tan, an analyst with Nomura in Singapore.
A GOOD START
While the February export spike likely won't be repeated, Malaysia's trade - which it reports in ringgit - is off to a good start in 2017.
For January-February combined, exports were up 19.8 percent from a year earlier and imports by 21.5 percent.
Weiwen Ng of ANZ said that on a seasonally-adjusted basis, February exports were 12 percent higher than in January.
He said drivers of February's exports included strong demand for electrical and electronic products as well as higher prices for liquefied natural gas.
February exports of manufactured goods rose 24.3 percent and accounted for 80 percent of Malaysia's total.
Exports of mining goods increased 21.6 percent, on higher prices of crude oil and liquefied natural gas, the data showed.
February exports to China, Malaysia's second-largest trading partner, nearly doubled at 47.6 percent from a year earlier on higher shipments of manufactured goods and commodities.
Exports to the United States went up 13.2 percent on stronger demand for manufactured goods, while shipments to the European Union grew 26.6 percent.
The trade surplus in February widened to 8.71 billion ringgits ($1.97 billion) from January's 4.7 billion ringgit.
($1 = 4.4280 ringgit) (Reporting by Rozanna Latiff; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
The City of Brookfield Police Department is looking for the man who attempted to take photos of a woman inside a fitting room at Brookfield Square Mall.
Scroll for more content...
Police say the incident happened at H&M inside the mall.
According to police, the man attempted to take photos of the woman by reaching over the top of the fitting room with his phone while in the fitting room next to her. He then fled the store in an unknown direction.
The woman told police she believed the man had been following her through the store prior to entering the fitting room.
Police say the suspect is an unknown white male, approximately 30 years of age. 6' tall, 200 lbs, with short brown hair, wearing a blue shirt, peach shorts, and Vans shoes.
Anyone with information on the suspect or similar incidents should contact Officer Steffens of the City of Brookfield Police Department.
LEINSTER forward Scott Fardy is in line to become the first Australian to claim the prestigious European Player of the Year after being short-listed for the award.
The former Wallaby, who left Australian rugby at the end of the 2017 Super Rugby season, is one of five players nominated for the award, which includes Leinster teammates Johnny Sexton and Tadhg Furlong.
The trio is joined on the shortlist by Racing 92 scrum-half Maxime Machenaud and second-rower Leone Nakarawa.
The Irish province and the French club will contest the Champions Cup final in Bilbao, Spain on May 12 after semi-final victories over the weekend.
NEW PODCAST! Australian Sevens veteran James Stannard and Wallaroos star Grace Hamilton join Nick McArdle, Stephen Holies and Christy Doran.
Subscribe to the podcast on iTunes by CLICKING HERE
An original list of 15 nominees was trimmed down to five on combined verdict of a distinguished panel of rugby experts and a public vote.
Fardy, 33, was showered in praised after a man-of-the-match performance saw Leinster reach the final of the European Champions Cup last Saturday.
Despite being at the Irish powerhouse for less than a year, such has been his impact that he's been compared to former Wallabies captain Rocky Elsom and All Blacks great Brad Thorn who were key protagonists in Leinster's European triumphs in 2009 and 2012.
“He was outstanding today,” fullback Rob Kearney said of Fardy, who scored Leinster's fourth try in the 50th minute against Scarlets.
“He's one of those four lads who was nominated for player of the tournament as well so he's shown a consistency throughout.
“I think the most impressive thing about Scott is off the field, what he's doing with the younger guys and his coaching and mentoring. The manner in which he turned up today was incredible and a massive credit to him.”
Camera Icon Scott Fardy in action for the Wallabies against the All Blacks at Eden Park in 2015. Picture: Getty Images
Leinster and Irish fly-half Sexton also paid tribute to his value around the club.
“That's why it is so important that the club signs these quality foreigners because I don't think James Ryan would be the player he has been this season without Scott Fardy helping him along.
“Those back row guys, he coaches them. He's had a huge impact on the group.”
Roll of Honour
2017: Owen Farrell (Saracens)
2016: Maro Itoje (Saracens)
2015: Nick Abendanon (ASM Clermont Auvergne)
2014: Steffon Armitage (RC Toulon)
2013: Jonny Wilkinson (RC Toulon)
2012: Rob Kearney (Leinster Rugby)
2011: Sean O'Brien (Leinster Rugby)
2010: Ronan O'Gara (Munster Rugby)
The Totten Glacier is one of the fastest-flowing and largest glaciers in Antarctica with scientists keen to keep a close eye on how it melts given the enormous amount of water it could potentially unleash
Published 1:40 PM, March 20, 2018
SYDNEY, Australia – More of a giant France-sized glacier in Antarctica is floating on the ocean than previously thought, scientists said Tuesday, March 20, raising fears it could melt faster as the climate warms and have a dramatic impact on rising sea-levels.
The Totten Glacier is one of the fastest-flowing and largest glaciers in Antarctica with scientists keen to keep a close eye on how it melts given the enormous amount of water it could potentially unleash.
Using artificially created seismic waves that help scientists see through the ice, researchers have discovered that more of the Totten Glacier floats on the ocean than initially thought.
"In some locations we thought were grounded, we detected the ocean below indicating that the glacier is in fact floating," said Paul Winberry from Central Washington University, who spent the summer in Antarctica studying the Totten.
The findings are important because recent studies have shown the Totten Glacier's underbelly is already being eroded by warm, salty seawater flowing hundreds of kilometers inland after passing through underwater "gateways".
As it does, the portion of the glacier resting on water rather than rock increases, accelerating the pace of disintegration.
Winberry said more of the glacier floating on a warming ocean could help explain recent periods of accelerated melting.
"It also means the Totten might be more sensitive to climate variations in the future," he added.
Glaciers are huge bodies of dense ice that slowly move down valleys, mountains and slopes under their own weight over many centuries, sculpting the earth below as they go.
They hold the vast majority of Earth's fresh water and are the main contributor to rising sea levels when they melt.
According to NASA monitoring, between 2002 and 2016, Antarctica lost 125 gigatons of ice per year, causing sea levels worldwide to rise by 0.35 millimeters annually.
From the air, the contours of Totten Glacier are invisible because the entire Antarctic continent is covered by a seamless, kilometers-thick blanket of snow and ice.
That is why scientists are so determined to understand what is happening underneath the glacier, hidden from view.
Team leader Ben Galton-Fenzi, from the Australian Antarctic Division, said the Totten Glacier contains enough ice to raise global sea levels by about 3 meters (9.8 feet) if it all melted.
"Since the 1900s the global sea-level has risen by around 20 centimeters and by the end of the century it's projected to rise by up to one meter or more, but this is subject to high uncertainty which is why studying glaciers such as the Totten is important," he said.
"These precise measurements of Totten Glacier are vital to monitoring changes and understanding them in the context of natural variations, and the research is an important step in assessing the potential impact on sea-level under various future scenarios."
Instruments to measure the glacial flow, speed and thickness have been left on the glacier for another 12 months collecting data. – Rappler.com
Uber CEO to take leave; report recommends broad changes
SAN FRANCISCO | Uber CEO Travis Kalanick will take an unspecified leave of absence, saying he needs time off to mourn his mother and to become a better leader. His decision comes as a report on Uber's workplace and culture recommends Kalanick cede some power to a chief operating officer, and says the company needs more diversity.
Low prices, few choices: Discounters remake grocery shopping
NEW YORK | Discounters Aldi and Lidl are looking to reshape the American grocery experience. The no-frills European chains that offer low prices but far fewer options will be pressuring traditional grocers. Aldi expects to have 2,500 U.S. stores by the end of 2022, while Lidl is opening its first U.S. stores this week. They say shoppers appreciate the prices and having fewer options means the shopping gets done quicker.
11 states sue Trump's DOE over stalled energy-use limits
SAN FRANCISCO | New York, California and nine other states are suing the Trump administration over its failure to finalize energy-use limits for portable air conditioners and other products. The new standards would reduce greenhouse gas emissions, save businesses and consumers billions of dollars, and conserve enough energy to power more than 19 million households for a year. The states filed the federal lawsuit against the U.S. Department of Energy on Tuesday in San Francisco.
A brighter economic outlook is giving Fed confidence to act
WASHINGTON | In the United States and around the world, economic strength isn't what it used to be. The Federal Reserve is set to raise short-term interest rates Wednesday for the third time in six months — a vote of confidence in the American economy and especially in the resilience of the job market. Yet neither the U.S. nor the world economy is likely to regain the robust health that prevailed before the recession struck a decade ago.
‘Fintech' startup SoFi moving into traditional banking
NEW YORK | Online lender and financial startup SoFi has taken the first step toward competing with the nation's biggest banks on their home turf: the checking account. In its application, the company said its SoFi Bank subsidiary will offer bread-and-butter banking products, including checking accounts, debit cards and eventually credit cards.
Appeals court tosses FCC caps on cost of calls to prisons
NEW YORK | A federal court struck down regulations intended to cap the price of some calls to prison inmates, which can cost families thousands of dollars a year. The court said Tuesday that the FCC lacked authority to set rates for the in-state prison calls. The agency does regulate the price of out-of-state calls for prisoners.
Verizon takes over Yahoo to complete $4.5 billion deal
Verizon has taken over Yahoo, completing a $4.5 billion deal that will usher in a new management team to attempt to wring more advertising revenue from one of the internet's best-known brands. Tuesday's closure of the sale ends Yahoo's 21-year history as a publicly traded company. It also ends the nearly five-year reign of Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer, who isn't joining Verizon.
U.S. stocks bounce back to records as tech companies rise
NEW YORK | After two days of losses, stock indexes recover to set new records as technology companies rebound. Banks and retailers also rise as investors buy companies that could benefit from faster growth in the economy. The Federal Reserve starts its June policy meeting and is expected to raise interest rates again.
Tests find that most midsize SUVs' headlights are unsafe
NEW YORK | More than half of the midsize SUVs tested by an insurance industry group were found to have unsafe headlights that either didn't light up the road far enough or caused glare for oncoming drivers. The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety says it tested 37 midsize SUVs and only two received a “good” rating: the 2017 Volvo XC60 and 2017 Hyundai Santa Fe.
EU moves to gain control of key London financial market
LONDON | The European Union is proposing new rules that could force a key financial market to leave London once Britain exits the bloc, threatening tens of thousands of jobs in Britain. The European Commission, the EU's executive body, proposed Tuesday to tighten its oversight of companies that clear euro-denominated derivatives, a $1 trillion-a-day market currently dominated by U.K.-based firms.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index picked up 10.96 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,440.35. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 92.80 points, or 0.4 percent, to 21,328.47. The Nasdaq composite, which has a large concentration of technology companies, rose 44.90 points, or 0.7 percent, to 6,220.37.
U.S. crude futures added 38 cents to settle at $46.46 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, picked up 43 cents to $48.72 a barrel in London.
Wholesale gasoline rose 1 cent to $1.50 a gallon. Heating oil finished up 2 cents at $1.45 a gallon. Natural gas slumped 6 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $2.97 per 1,000 cubic feet.
By: Karuga Koinange, Assistant Sports Editor
No.19 Towson fell to No. 7 Penn State 13-11 Saturday afternoon at Holuba Hall in State College, Pennsylvania, despite a second half surge.
The Nittany Lions came out firing as they opened the game with a 7-0 run.
The Tigers struck back at the 13 minute mark when senior attacker Samantha Brookhart scored off a well-timed feed from senior midfielder Michaela Duranti.
Sophomore attacker Natalie Sulmonte tacked on a second goal at the 9:44 mark, but Penn State scored the final two goals of the half and took a 9-2 heading into the locker room.
Towson started the second half looking to strike immediately. Towson won the opening draw and went right to the goal.
Towson scored thanks junior midfielder Emily Gillingham who found the back of the net off a pass from junior midfielder Kaitlyn Montalbano.
Gillingham's goal sparked a 6-0 run and the Tigers pulled within one goal with 9:12 left in the game.
Montalbano scored both of her goals during that run, and freshman midfielder Shelby Stack scored her first career goal on a free position shot.
However, Penn State answered with a run of its own by scoring four unanswered goals and took a 13-8 lead with 3:41 left on the clock.
Towson rallied quickly, getting goals from Gillingham and Duranti within 32 seconds of each other to make it a three goal game with 2:16 left to play.
Sulmonte scored her second of the game with 1:21 to play which pulled the Tigers within two, but they could not complete the comeback.
Towson returns to action on Wednesday, Feb. 15, as the team travels to local rival UMBC. Opening draw is set for 4 p.m.
(Editor's note: Head Coach Sonia LaMonica could not be reached for comment.)
April 20 Invictus Md Strategies Corp
* Invictus MD announces $40,000,000 bought deal private placement of convertible debentures and notice of intention to exercise option on acreage pharms
* Invictus MD Strategies - private placement of $40 million aggregate principal amount of convertible debentures at price of $1,000 per convertible debenture Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Following the “thigh gap” and “thighbrow“crazes comes the latest superficial body-conscious social media trend — and it's ironically named after a brand of chocolate.
With summer on the way, some Instagram users are flaunting a “Toblerone Tunnel,” a name that indicates a triangular-shaped space where the top of a woman's thighs meet her bikini bottoms. The triangle resembles the Swiss chocolate bar's unique shape.
Getty
Social media users are showing off their Toblerone Tunnels, citing celebrities like Emily Ratajkowski and Katie Wright as inspiration.
Ralph Kerpa/McPhoto/ullstein bild/Getty
But the trend has plenty of detractors who point out the problematic and sometimes dangerous nature of these trendy “body goals.”
“Social media crazes like the Toblerone Tunnel tend to go viral pretty quickly and can have a damaging effect on young women's body image and self-esteem,” the head of the Be Real Campaign for body confidence, Liam Preston, told Unilad. “We've seen it before with the thigh gap trend, which saw many young girls try to conform to a beauty standard that's not only unobtainable for the majority of them, but also can encourage them to use unhealthy methods to achieve it.”
He added, “It's important that we celebrate different bodies and shapes and not thrive to look the same by following the latest social media craze.”
Yeah I've got a toblerone tunnel….otherwise known as my throat 🤭 #tobleronetunnel — Tabatha Smithson (@tabathalouise) May 22, 2018
What in the actual f**k is wrong with the world when girls are posting pictures of their arses on t'interweb and inviting people to check out their 'toblerone tunnels?'. I always thought your toblerone tunnel was the one between between your nose and your chin #TuesdayThoughts — Holly Tinsley (@hollytinsl3y) May 22, 2018
Toblerone Tunnel? You couldn't get a toblerone through my thighs if it was melted! 😂 — Holly Sturgeon (@HollySturgeon) May 22, 2018
My mouth is my toblerone tunnel and that's the reason I don't have a thigh gap. — Jessica Feehan (@jessfeehan) May 22, 2018
Many Twitter users also poked fun at the movement, claiming the only Toblerone Tunnel they have was used for eating the treat.
“I always thought your toblerone tunnel was the one between between your nose and your chin,” wrote one critic.
The Wild Rose Harmonizers will be spreading the love around the community next week
The Wild Rose Harmonizers are very busy this time of year, spreading love around the community just in time for Valentine's Day.
The barbershop chorus, which consists of around 20 men from across Central Alberta, have sung at many different events around the community, including city functions, seniors' lodges, fairs, school programs, an annual Christmas concert and more.
The group practices at 7 p.m. every Tuesday at Davenport Church of Christ.
“This society started up singing the old songs and we carry that on. It's in four-part harmony and we sing without musical accompaniment and it's a great sound,” said Fran Lavoie, a baritone in the group.
He added that they often sing to various patients at the Red Deer Regional Hospital. They even sing in the stairwell.
A big event for the group coming up is Valentine's Day.
“That's probably the most fun, singing in a quartet and going to surprise people in their homes or their places of work and singing a love song from their spouse or girlfriend or boyfriend,” said Lavoie.
The group has a quartet ready to provide a Valentine's Day gift, and will deliver two songs in gentle four-part harmony, along with a rose and picture of the occasion to any location in and around Red Deer.
The cost is $40, and booking must be received by Feb. 12th.
To arrange the gift, people can call Lavoie at 403-347-0436.
“It's a lot of fun, it's a good bunch of guys. Everybody's got the same goal to enjoy the song and do a good job at it,” he said.
He added that there are a lot of emotional responses on Valentine's Day, and occasionally, a lady will send the men to sing to her spouse or partner.
“That's an interesting situation to be singing a love song to man – it's good fellowship and a good time for sure.”
Those interested in becoming part of the group can visit one of their regular singing practices on Tuesday nights at 7 p.m. at Davenport Church of Christ.
'He offered his life not only as a priest but also as a comrade. He was a comrade for others – a hero, a martyr,' says San Jose City Bishop Roberto Mallari of slain activist priest Marcelito 'Tito' Paez
Published 10:21 AM, December 12, 2017
NUEVA ECIJA, Philippines – Unlike most funeral masses, the casket of Father Marcelito "Tito" Paez rested directly on the floor of the St Joseph Cathedral in Nueva Ecija.
On Monday, December 10, bishops who concelebrated the funeral mass for the slain activist priest wore red stoles over white gowns, unlike the purple ones priests usually wear for such occasions.
More than a hundred priests concelebrated the mass, including the new papal nuncio, Archbishop Gabriele Giordano Caccia, who brought with him the “silent, loving, and prayerful presence" of Pope Francis.
Fr Edwin Brago of the St Joseph Cathedral said the casket on the floor and the priests in red symbolized the slain priest's humility and martyrdom.
“All priests should lay on the ground in their deaths to embody the humble lives they lived,” Brago said.
“Red [is worn], not because we are to rebel. Red, for our church, because it is the symbol of martyrdom," he added.
The 72-year-old retired priest was slain on December 4 as he was driving home after facilitating the release of political prisoner Rommel Tucay in Cabanatuan City. Tucay, known to be an organizer of militant group Alyansa ng Magbubukid sa Gitnang Luson, was jailed earlier this year for illegal possession of firearms.
An activist priest, it was not the first time Paez got involved in such political activities. In his 32 years of service in the Diocese of San Jose City, the priest had always stood up for the human rights of the oppressed, especially in Central Luzon. At the time of his death, he was the coordinator of the Rural Missionaries of the Philippines in Central Luzon.
This was perhaps why Paez looked so peaceful in his casket, San Jose City Bishop Roberto Mallari said in his homily during the funeral mass.
Paez, he said, was “ambushed and shot 9 times” by the unknown killers and yet his face did not bear any signs of anger.
“He does not look angry. He does not look like he suffered. He looks like he is at peace,” Mallari said.
Mallari remembered Paez as a cheerful priest who loved dancing and parties, but more importantly, as a priest who was killed while saving a life.
For Mallari, Paez was not simply an activist but a revolutionary.
“He offered his life not only as a priest but also as a comrade. He was a comrade for others – a hero, a martyr,” Bishop Mallari said.
Like a true hero, hundreds of sympathizers escorted Paez to his final resting place. The procession included nuns, priests, activists, and members of his family who walked under the scorching sun. (READ: Slain Nueva Ecija priest Tito Paez laid to rest)
Streamers calling for justice for his death were raised as the crowd chanted “Mabuhay si Fr Tito Paez.”
To bid their last goodbye to their colleague at the Sto Nino Cemetery, the priests sang "Bayan Ko" and “Pilipinas Kong Hahal." Others sang along with them, some with raised clenched fists.
Louder prayers and protests
On December 10, International Human Rights Day – the eve of Paez's burial – several militant and church groups gathered in Manila to appeal to the government to respect and defend human rights.
Organizations with different causes joined the protest with a common goal: end the killings.
Among the thousands who marched from the Andres Bonifacio Shrine to the iconic peace arch in Mendiola were priests and seminarians of St Vincent School of Theology in Tandang Sora.
Father King Gaza, who was part of the group, told Rappler that they were prompted to join the protest after hearing about Paez's death.
“As people of the church, we want to be part of this to insist to end the killings, especially now that it has gone as far to one of our members,” Gaza said.
“We have questioned these killings since the beginning, but we must reiterate our protest against what Duterte is doing.”
Karapatan executive director Cristina Palabay also said the rally was dedicated to the slain priest and the other activists who have been killed in the past weeks.
Palabay also appealed to the institutional church, especially the Catholic Church, to join the protests against human rights abuses.
“The church must not only strengthen their prayers, they must also strengthen their protests,” Palabay said.
The National Shrine of Our Lady of Perpetual Help, also known as Baclaran Church, held its own protest against extrajudicial killings a day before Human Rights Day. (LOOK: Baclaran Church reminds faithful Jesus was an EJK victim too) – Rappler.com
MEMPHIS, Tenn. — Goran Dragic scored 19 points, and the Miami Heat pulled away from the lowly Memphis Grizzlies for a 107-82 victory on Monday night.
Miami shot 56.1 per cent from the field and had seven players score in double figures in its second straight win. Josh Richardson had 17 points, and reserves Tyler Johnson and Bam Adebayo finished with 14 apiece.
Memphis lost for the 15th time in 16 games. Marc Gasol scored 19 points on 5-for-14 shooting and Andrew Harrison had 16.
The Heat carried a 70-60 lead into the fourth quarter and kept up the pressure in the final period. Johnson scored five straight points to run the advantage out to 18, and the lead ballooned to 27 in the closing minutes.
Miami shot 65 per cent in the second half.
The first half was a sloppy affair with 11 turnovers for the Grizzlies and 10 for the Heat. Miami led 45-42 at the break.
TIP-INS
Heat: C Hassan Whiteside missed his sixth straight game with a left knee injury. ... It was Miami's first trip to FedExForum since the firing of former Heat assistant David Fizdale as head coach of Memphis. Miami coach Erik Spoelstra said he had lunch with his former assistant earlier in the day. "He's going to get another opportunity," Spoelstra said.
Grizzlies: G Tyreke Evans had 11 points on 5-for-17 shooting in his 500th career game. ... Memphis is winless in nine games against the Eastern Conference. ... Memphis went 18 for 27 at the free-throw line. ... Memphis is 1-14 since starting PG Mike Conley was shelved by left Achilles problems.
UP NEXT
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - As folks prepare to fire up the grill or hit the pool this holiday, Terre Haute residents are reminded a permit is not needed for a private party.
Scroll for more content...
A committee of concerned citizens, council members and law enforcement have some proposed changes to the Dance Permit ordinance. The group has been working the past month to come up with ways to improve the ordinance and clear up the confusion.
The first proposal is changing the name from Dance Permit to Special Event Permit.
District 3 City Councilman Karrum Nasser says, "If you look at the ordinance it states special event over forty-four times in the ordinance. It's always been about controlling large groups rather than controlling the fact that there's dancing at a particular event so that will be the major change that people will see."
The second change is for reoccurring public events like Blues at the Crossroads.
"If someone has an event weekly, monthly, yearly they won't have to redo the permit. It'd be just a one time fee."
If you plan to host a public event and advertise to the public and charge the public to attend, you need a permit. To get one, Nasser says go to the Board of Public Works in City Hall and fill out an application. There is a fifty dollar permit fee. Event hosts then work with police to ensure security.
"This was never about making money for the city. It was just, basically, about ensuring the safety of our citizens when there are large events going on."
Councilman Nasser explains the third change deals with liability insurance. Instead of a five million dollar policy, hosts would need just a million dollar policy.
Lastly, if you are denied a permit there is an appeal process outlined under the updated rules.
Connie Wrin organizes Blues at the Crossroads and voiced her concern alongside others like local musician and community organizer James Taylor. Both are part of the committee who came up with the proposed changes.
Wrin says she supports the new plan and says her questions have been answered.
Taylor still questions if the ordinance is needed but says the conversation has been positive.
Nasser says, "I think that this is where government has worked with the people that it affects a lot and come up with a solution that's going to again keep our community safe and have events throughout our community."
The ordinance will be discussed during the city council meeting Thursday evening. There will be time for public comment and the item could be voted on that night.
Nasser says, "All these events are great for our community but at the end of the day we're responsible for also keeping our community safe."
Click here to see the ordinance.
[India], Mar 20 (ANI): External Affairs Minister (EAM) Sushma Swaraj on Tuesday confirmed that 39 Indians, who went missing in Mosul in Iraq in the year 2014 have been killed.
Speaking at Rajya Sabha, Swaraj said that the dreaded terror outfit Islamic State (IS) had killed all the Indian nationals.
In July last year, Swaraj had firmly said in the Parliament that she would not declare the 39 Indians dead without concrete proof or evidence.
"It is a sin to declare a person dead without concrete evidence. I will not do this sin," Swaraj said in a statement in the Lok Sabha in 2017.
Earlier, India had asked Iraq for help in locating the missing Indians after Iraqi forces recaptured Mosul from IS. The 39 persons, most of whom hailed from Punjab, were working on projects near Mosul, when they were kidnapped during their evacuation. (ANI)
The Teen Choice Awards isn't like your average annual celeb-centric ceremony. While the Academy Awards and Golden Globes call for a red carpet packed full of A-listers in dramatic black tie gowns and multi-million dollar diamonds, much like the Grammys or the VMAs when these stars let their hair down a little bit and pull out some of the bolder looks in their arsenal, the Teen Choice Awards are all about wild fashion and even wilder beauty. And this year, all of your youthful celebrity favs did not disappoint, adding some neon hair, glitter makeup, and quirky accessories to their typical style repertoire.
With her new single “Your Song” making waves on the music charts, Rita Ora made sure her latest award show appearance would be just as noteworthy. The Teen Choice performer wore a neon pink wraparound gown with a deep-V neckline, a thigh-high slit and lots and lots of diamonds. She added an unexpected twist to this tried and true red carpet formula with a streak of highlighter yellow running through the front of her hair.
But the real surprise element of this look wasn't the ensemble or the fresh dye job, it was the singer's choice in nail art. Rita showed off her unique nail art, created by Britney Tokyo, on her Instagram stories featuring an array of legendary '90s faces including Sarah Jessica Parker circa Sex and The City, Kate Moss, Biggie, Tupac, Snoop Dogg, and a couple of cupcakes just for good measure.
Always @parishilton 👩‍❤️‍👩 A post shared by Rita Ora (@ritaora) on Aug 14, 2017 at 2:55am PDT
And her after party look was just as major as all of the details of her award show ensemble. To celebrate the end of the evening, Rita changed into a pair of chap pants honoring who else but the queen of selfies and all that is hot, Paris Hilton. The lime green checkerboard print pants feature shots of the aughts heiress icon running up the side, accented with neon green feathers and featuring a hip cutout that shows off the fishnets the pop star was wearing underneath.
RELATED PHOTOS: See All the Arrivals from the 2017 Teen Choice Awards
Candace Cameron-Bure also decided to shake things up for a night, following in Rita's footsteps and adding a bold streak of hot pink to her usual California blonde tresses.
Bella Thorne has never been one to shy away from an over-the-top makeup look in her everyday life, so naturally when attending an event the actress turned up her glam to eleven. The Famous In Love star added a rainbow of cosmetics to her all black leather and satin look, starting with a bunch of turquoise and blue glitter along the part of her hot pink hair that cascaded down onto her face, accenting her technicolor eyeliner.
Vanessa Hudgens walked the blue carpet wearing her heart on her belt, pairing the sparkly, oversized accessory with a diaphanous, iridescent pink top featuring a high neck and ruffled sleeves and metallic jacquard kick flare pants.
But while Paris Jackson‘s look may not have been quite as radical as her peers, it was still a pretty substantial style departure from her typically bohemian aesthetic.
Instead of her usual funky pants and super modern dresses, Paris chose a very lady-like, semi-sheer floral midi-dress by Zimmerman with a pussy-bow neckline which she paired with pastel pink heels, slicking her hair back into a gently tousled low bun.
Certified Cool Teen, Zendaya, gave fresh salience to the phrase “woke up like this,” strolling into the ceremony wearing some very swanky, sparkly pajamas by Ashish and keeping her hair loose and natural in big, '70s-inspired curls. If this nonchalant look isn't enough to convince you of the former Disney star's effortless brand of red carpet beauty, according to CoverGirl, the brand ambassador also used six drugstore products to do all of her own makeup for the event, giving new meaning to the phrase multi-talented.
Which celeb's look is your favorite? Sound off below!
TEL AVIV Israeli semiconductor company Valens has raised $60 million in a financing round led by Israel Growth Partners, and including new investors Delphi, Samsung Catalyst Fund, Goldman Sachs and MediaTek, in addition to Valens' existing investors.
The new funding will enable the company to make inroads into the automotive industry as well as speed up time to market, develop additional products and support customers, Valens said on Thursday.
Valens introduced its automotive technology in 2016 to address the challenges of the connected car, including the increasing amount of bandwidth and wiring necessary for infotainment and Advanced Driver Assistance Systems.
(Reporting by Tova Cohen, Editing by Ari Rabinovitch)
Kannur (Kerala): A woman was arrested here on Tuesday night after she confessed of killing her parents and her nine-year-old daughter by poisoning them in a gap of four months this year, police said.
Police cracked the crime after a 13-hour-long questioning of Soumya, 28.
Soumya was taken for questioning when she was convalescing at a state-run hospital near here after being admitted for nausea and indigestion -- incidentally the same symptoms that her parents and her elder daughter suffered before they died.
While her mother died on March 7, her father passed away on April 13, her daughter died on January 31. However, following a complaint from a relative, the body of the child was exhumed after rat poison was found in the viscera of her parents. According to police, Soumya however denied of any role in the death of her one-year-old daughter in 2012. The incident occurred in the native village of Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan and it was only after his intervention did the police quicken their investigation. The woman was separated from her husband and according to police, her motive was that her parents and child were "impediments to her wayward life".
(Adds details, background)
By George Obulutsa
NAIROBI, April 28 Kenya's central bank has issued a licence to DIB Bank Kenya Ltd, which is owned by United Arab Emirates-based Dubai Islamic Bank, the first by the central bank since 2015, when it placed a moratorium on approving new banks.
The move announced on Friday will make DIB Bank Kenya the third fully shariah-compliant lender in the to operate in the east African nation, the central bank said.
"DIB intends to exclusively offer shariah-compliant banking services in Kenya," the Central Bank of Kenya said in a statement. "DIB's entry will expand the offerings in the market, particularly in the nascent shariah-compliant banking niche."
Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC also holds stakes in banks in Pakistan, Sudan, Jordan, Bosnia and Indonesia. Other fully shariah-compliant institutions in Kenya are Gulf African Bank Limited and First Community Bank.
"DIB PJSC's entry into Kenya is anchored on its strategic focus of enhancing its international presence," the central bank said.
In March, the central bank said in addition to DIB Bank, it was finalising the licensing of Mayfair Bank, which is owned by Kenyan investors. At the time it said both banks had received "approval in principle" before the 2015 suspension of licensing.
When it issued the moratorium for licensing new banks, the central bank gave no reason for its action.
But the moratorium came after it had placed privately-owned Imperial Bank under receivership in October 2015. Imperial's board had alerted the central bank to malpractices at the mid-sized lender. (Editing by Alexander Smith)
[India], Jul 4 (ANI): The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday approved the creation of one post each of vice-chairperson and member in the National Commission for Safai Karmacharis (NCSK).
The decision is intended to optimise the functioning of the NCSK and to fulfill the desired objectives of welfare and development of the target group.
The NCSK is working for the welfare of both safai karamcharis and manual scavengers.
It is mandated to work towards the elimination of inequalities in status facilities and opportunities for safai karamcharis and has an important role to ensure rehabilitation of all the identified manual scavengers on a time-bound basis.
Under Section 31 of the Prohibition of Employment as Manual Scavengers and their Rehabilitation Act 2013, the NCSK is to monitor the implementation of the Act, to enquire into complaints regarding contravention of provisions of the Act and to advice central and state governments for effective implementation of the act. (ANI)
April 28 Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc
* Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc says pursuing development of formulation of Fulvestrant that contains no castor oil, requires one monthly injection - SEC filing
* Eagle Pharmaceuticals - with Fulvestrant, belief is that "can eliminate the current warning in the label by conducting the appropriate clinical trial"
* Eagle Pharmaceuticals - in relation to Fulvestran, "hope to achieve a unique J-code", submit NDA in 2018 Source: (bit.ly/2pqq8Xa) Further company coverage:
TORONTO — Ride-hailing service Lyft will launch its service in Toronto on Tuesday, marking its first expansion outside the United States.
The addition of Lyft brings increased competition to Uber in Canada's largest city.
The company announced plans to expand to Toronto last month, but had not set a date for its start.
Lyft will operate between Hamilton and Oshawa, Ont., and as far north as Newmarket, Ont.
Tony Abbott has taken a strong swipe at Malcolm Turnbull, describing him as an assassin and criticising him for banishing dissent from the coalition party room.
The former prime minister has launched a campaign in coalition ranks to get Australia to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement and not "join with Labor" in policies to reduce emissions.
But in doing so, the man who ousted Mr Turnbull as Liberal leader in 2009 over the emissions trading scheme has also taken a shot at his 2015 successor.
"As I said to Malcolm Turnbull back in 2009 I do not want to change the leader, I just want to change the policy," Mr Abbott told 2GB radio on Wednesday
"I don't want to change the leader because I don't believe in politically assassinating democratically-elected prime ministers. I do not believe in that. He does, I don't."
Mr Abbott said party room procedure had changed under Mr Turnbull "to something that has never happened before".
"Political discussion is banished to the end of the party room (meeting)," he said.
"There are very long presentations from the leadership group and from the ministers and by the time we get to discussion (from backbenchers) ... time for the party room is almost expired.
"There is pressure to conform on the party room - no one wants to rock the boat."
Scroll for more content...
Their missions vary greatly: To provide loving homes for orphaned children, feed those in crisis or mend war's psychological wounds.
Yet they all share one goal: to improve the lives of those around them.
This year's top 10 CNN Heroes include an amputee who created her own support network, a cop who empowers the children of Chicago's South Side, and a determined mother employing dozens of developmentally challenged young adults.
Each of these heroes will receive a $10,000 cash prize. One of the 10 will be named "CNN Hero of the Year" and receive an additional $100,000 for his or her cause.
Their efforts are being highlighted at "CNN Heroes: An All-Star Tribute," a global broadcast event on CNN airing December 17 at 8 p.m. ABC's Kelly Ripa will join Anderson Cooper as co-host for this star-studded 11th-annual show, live from New York's American Museum of Natural History.
Meet the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2017:
Stan Hays
Stan Hays, a Grand Champion pitmaster, uses his barbecuing skills to feed people in need.
Since 2011, his nonprofit, Operation BBQ Relief, has prepared almost 1.7 million meals for disaster survivors and first responders -- including during recent hurricanes in Texas and Florida.
"Seeing the people working and knowing the impact the meals are making -- it can't help but bring a smile to your face, maybe a tear to your eye," Hays said.
Learn more about Stan Hays' work.
Samir Lakhani
Samir Lakhani was a student volunteer in Cambodia when he saw a mother bathing her newborn with laundry soap and realized the bar soap in his own hotel room could make a huge difference.
Lakhani established the Eco-Soap Bank, which now has four soap recycling centers across Cambodia, providing jobs to 35 local women.
"I did not expect to be so effective by such an early age," Lakhani said. "If you have one part drive and maybe one part naivety or foolishness, you can do anything."
Learn more about Samir Lakhani's work.
Jennifer Maddox
Having grown up in Chicago's South Side, police officer Jennifer Maddox still sees a neighborhood rife with challenges.
Maddox's after-school program Future Ties provides a free, safe space for more than 100 children in grades K-5 to learn, grow and succeed.
"We can't arrest our way out of this. Law enforcement needs the people in the community to work with us to solve some of the grassroots issues that are causing the violence."
Learn more about Jennifer Maddox's work.
Rosie Mashale
Former school teacher Rosie Mashale ran a free daycare from her Cape Town, South Africa, home for 10 years.
But when she was almost ready to retire, Mashale found an orphan on her doorstep and discovered a new calling: to provide care for more than 5,000 orphaned, abandoned or sick children, many of whom have lost parents to AIDS. Her organization, Baphumelele, translates to "we have progressed."
"Some of them tell me that they want to be social workers; they want to do the work that I'm doing," Mashale said. "Everybody has got a dream, and my wish is for their dream to be fulfilled."
Learn more about Rosie Mashale's work.
Andrew Manzi
Andrew Manzi sought professional help to cope with PTSD and a traumatic brain injury he suffered as a Marine serving two tours in the Iraq War. But it was surfing that helped heal his soul.
Manzi's nonprofit, Warrior Surf, provides free six-week surf camps for veterans and their families, complete with therapy sessions on the beach.
"You feel safe out there when you know you got a bunch of brothers floating around you," Manzi said. "We're just taking a natural approach to healing."
Learn more about Andrew Manzi's work.
Leslie Morissette
Leslie Morissette's son, Graham, was 6 years old when he was diagnosed with leukemia and 8 when he died.
Morissette channeled her grief into the nonprofit Grahamtastic Connection, which provides free computers, iPads and even robots to children battling serious illnesses so they can stay connected to friends, family and their classrooms.
"I find that most seriously ill children just want to be normal kids," Morissette said. "They want to be in school and they want to be with their classmates. So, we're providing the tools that enable that."
Learn more about Leslie Morissette's work.
Mona Patel
Mona Patel was a 17-year-old college student walking to class when a drunken driver crashed into her, smashing her leg and requiring several surgeries and amputations.
Patel created the San Antonio Amputee Foundation, which offers peer support, education and recreation, as well as financial assistance for prosthetic limbs.
"When somebody becomes an amputee, maneuvering through the system is sometimes just scary," said Patel. "I think the big catalyst of me doing what I do to help the amputee community is because I lived it."
Learn more about Mona Patel's work.
Khali Sweeney
Khali Sweeney started the Downtown Boxing Gym Youth Program to help youth avoid the negativity he faced after falling in with the wrong crowd as a kid.
Five days a week, around 100 children hit the Detroit gym for training and academic tutoring. More than 260 students have completed the program. All of them, Sweeney says, have graduated from high school, and 98% have gone on to college.
"I don't see bad kids. I see a kid who hasn't been heard yet. So, let's find out what's really going on," Sweeney said. "I see the true potential in the kids. "
Learn more about Khali Sweeney's work.
Aaron Valencia
Facing drugs, jail and homelessness as a teen taught Aaron Valencia that youth need positive examples and projects to occupy their time.
Valencia's nonprofit, Lost Angels Children's Project, is an after-school program that focuses on classic car restoration. Low-income, foster and at-risk youth work on a car that is raffled off to support the program.
"It's a lot more than just teaching kids how to be mechanics," Valencia said. "We are trying to get them to open their eyes to see a different way."
Learn more about Aaron Valencia's work.
Amy Wright
When Amy Wright and her husband found out that 70 percent of adults with intellectual and physical disabilities do not have jobs, they were inspired to change that. After all, two of the pair's four children live with Down syndrome.
Bitty and Beau's Coffee, Wright's popular North Carolina coffee shop, is named after their kids and employs 40 people with disabilities.
"Creating this has given people a way to interact with people with disabilities that (they) never had before," she said. "This is a safe place where people can test the waters and realize how much more alike we are than different."
Learn more about Amy Wright's work.
Supporters of each Top 10 CNN Hero can vote every day at CNNHeroes.com by logging in via email or Facebook, as well as on Facebook Messenger by messaging VOTE to the CNN Heroes Facebook page. Vote up to 10 times a day, per method, every day through Tuesday, December 12, at midnight PT.
Each Top 10 Hero will also receive free organizational training from the Annenberg Foundation, a leading supporter of nonprofits worldwide. They will participate in a customized version of the Annenberg Alchemy program, which offers practical guidance to help strengthen organizations for long-term success.
Vote now for your favorite top 10 CNN Hero.
MEDICINE PARK Well, it was Groundhog Day, again - at least in some parts of the country.
In the cobblestone community, Punxsutawney Phil and his groundhog brethren were cast aside as false prophets bearers of untrue weather forecasts and fake news. Friday was not "Groundhog Day;" it was "Packrat Day." Even Elmer Thomas Elmo and his prairie dog compatriots were not immune from scorn, as the Medicine Park Aquarium and Natural Sciences Center consulted its own prophesying prodigy rodent, Biscuit the Packrat, to determine whether Southwest Oklahoma would see six more weeks of winter or enjoy an early spring.
Doug Kemper, executive director, said Biscuit would not hold back against anyone who questioned her abilities or her standing as the portending packrat.
"Perhaps if they wanted to be taken more seriously, they could come out more often, instead of staying inside for the whole winter and only appearing after spring has arrived," he said.
It was a cold, blustery and fairly wintry Friday morning when residents and delegates gathered at the aquarium to hear the prognostications of the packrat. When Chekhov saw the long winter, he saw a winter bleak and dark and bereft of hope. Yet we know that winter is just another step in the cycle of life. But standing among the people and basking in the warmth of their hearths and hearts, few could imagine a better fate.
Among the crowd was Mayor Jennifer Ellis, decked in a bright red coat and sparkling black top hat the true uniform of the master of ceremonies. She gave a short speech that emphasized the history of the holiday formerly known as Groundhog Day while espousing the foretelling nature of Biscuit's talents. Phil may be the only true "groundhog forecaster," but groundhog forecasters don't have an impeccable track record. A packrat's record is still pristine.
"At first, when Biscuit the Packrat first came to the Medicine Park Aquarium, the staff thought she was an ordinary southern plains packrat," Ellis said. "However, after careful observation, we think Biscuit may have strange meteorological powers. Perhaps, Biscuit is able to predict future weather events. Or perhaps not."
Biscuit, happily sheltered from the biting cold and blustery winds in a plastic ball, was plucked from a cardboard box and held up in the air for all gathered to see. The sun shone brightly overhead in the morning hours, but Biscuit claimed not to have seen a shadow. Perhaps it was the plastic diffusing the solar rays. Perhaps it was the poor eyesight of the packrat. Or perhaps Biscuit knew something no one else in attendance did that groundhogs cannot predict the weather and their methods are flawed. But the presumptuous packrat predicted an early spring no matter whether a shadow was spotted or not.
UNC paid $85,690 in 2014 to a software development company that did not actually exist, according to a report published in the Greeley Tribune on Thursday.
The software developer, Bossage, Inc., had registered articles of incorporation in Delaware, but no additional paperwork had been filed, according to the Tribune. Additionally, the firm claimed to have offices in both New York and California, and to have done business with the University of New Mexico and New York University. The company was registered in neither state, and the two universities said that they had no record of ever doing business with Bossage, the Tribune's story said. An address of a supposed office in New York City did not exist.
Bossage's website is currently only a single page, saying simply, “This website is under construction.”
The application for a contract filed by Bossage in 2014 listed UNM and NYU as references, but officials at the University of Northern Colorado do not always do reference checks when considering contract applications, according to a statement provided by UNC.
The firm was hired to create a pair of mobile and web apps to be used by the Audiology and Speech-Language Sciences department, aimed to help “connect the dots” between theory and practice, according to the Tribune's report.
Advertisement
UNC made a sizeable down payment of $40,590 after the proposal was granted to Bossage. It also continued to make monthly payments to the firm through the summer of 2015, according to the Tribune. It was only then that the university became suspicious, given the lack of progress the firm had shown. Eventually deciding, based off of the opinion of another software development firm, that the firm was not who it claimed to be, UNC officials cancelled their contract in October of 2015.
UNC will not seek restitution against Bossage, as the cost of doing so would outweigh the expected benefits, according to the statement.
In addition, the incident has prompted the university to make changes in their purchasing process. These changes will include verifying through the IRS that the company has a valid tax ID, running automated checks nightly to see if contracted firms have been found in violation of state or federal laws, and by having all proposed software purchases reviewed by UNC's department of Information Management & Technology.
March 31 All For One Steeb AG:
* All For One Steeb AG, will bolster its KWP subsidiary by acquiring all the shareholdings of inside Unternehmensberatung GmbH, Oldenburg, effective April 1, 2017, and enlarge its HR digital transformation portfolio
* Transaction will be funded using company's own capital resources Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Updated at 7:52 p.m. ET
A man who appeared to be protesting Saturday with a group of self-proclaimed fascists is accused of killing a woman and injuring multiple others by driving his car into a crowd of marchers in Charlottesville, Va.
James Alex Fields Jr., 20, sped his silver Dodge Challenger into a crowd of people who had been protesting the assembly of white nationalists, white supremacists, fascists and others, according to police. Authorities say Charlottesville resident Heather Heyer, 32, was killed in the attack.
Fields has been charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count related to leaving the scene of the wreck, according to The Associated Press. The FBI also says it is opening a civil rights investigation into the incident, together with the Department of Justice.
Investigators want to know whether Fields crossed state lines with the intent to commit violence, NPR's Carrie Johnson told our Newscast Unit.
“The violence and deaths in Charlottesville strike at the heart of American law and justice,” Attorney General Jeff Sessions said in a statement Saturday night. “When such actions arise from racial bigotry and hatred, they betray our core values and cannot be tolerated. Justice will prevail.”
The horrific, albeit brief, attack can be seen from multiple angles via video captured by journalists and marchers and shared on social media.
A car suddenly speeds down Fourth Street Southeast, ramming into pedestrians with an audible thud, striking another vehicle from behind and sending people flying through the air and over another car near the intersection with Water Street East. The struck vehicle then hits a minivan ahead, sending that vehicle into more pedestrians. Seconds later, the car allegedly driven by Fields, reverses on Fourth Street, its front bumper dragging as people who avoided the initial attack chase after it.
Two Virginia State Police troopers investigating the day's events died when the helicopter they were in crashed in Albemarle County, where Charlottesville is located, according to the state police. The men, identified as Lt. H. Jay Cullen, 48, and Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M. Bates, 40, died at the scene of the crash, according to the state police.
Fields recently moved to Ohio from Kentucky, where he grew up, his mother, Samantha Bloom, told the AP. She said she knew he was attending a rally in Virginia but didn't know it was a white supremacist rally.
“I thought it had something to do with Trump. Trump's not a supremacist,” said Bloom, who became visibly upset as she learned of the injuries and death.
“He had an African-American friend so … ,” she said before her voice trailed off. She added that she would be surprised if her son's views were that far right, according to the AP.
Bloom told a reporter with the Toledo Blade that she didn't speak with her son about his political views and that she wasn't aware of his ties to white supremacist groups. She said her son had dropped off his cat for her to take care of while he attended Saturday's rally.
Meantime, as reported on our Newscast, one of Fields' former teachers told member station WVXU reporter Bill Rinehart that as a high school student, Fields was fascinated with Nazi Germany.
James Alex Fields was w/ the Vanguard America folks in #Charlottesville. Learn more about the group > https://t.co/HNloF8Btnf @ADL_National pic.twitter.com/TmJLi0kfZo — Oren Segal (@orensegal) August 13, 2017
Derek Weimer says he taught Fields in three classes at Cooper High School in Union, Ky. Weimer says Fields was intelligent and didn't cause trouble. But he says the quiet boy was also deeply into Adolf Hitler and white supremacy. Weimer says he did his best to steer Fields away from those interests and thought he had succeeded in doing so. On hearing about the incident in Charlottesville, Weimer said he felt that he failed as a teacher.
An official statement regarding today's incidents and the individual in question. pic.twitter.com/wBaERomHEZ — Vanguard America (@VanguardAm) August 13, 2017
In a photo posted to Twitter by the Anti-Defamation League and reported by BuzzFeed, a man who appears to be Fields can be seen brandishing a black shield handed out by the self-proclaimed fascist group Vanguard America.
The group released a statement on Twitter late Saturday evening saying Fields was “in no way, a member of Vanguard America.” It said the shields were handed out freely to anybody in attendance.
Fields is scheduled to appear in court on Monday.
NPR's Maquita Peters contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
MONTREAL — At first whiff, the traffic and grime of Montreal's busy downtown may not seem like the best inspiration for a luxurious perfume, but Claude-Andre Hebert begs to differ.
In honour of the city's 375th anniversary, the Montreal-based perfume maker has launched five scents, each inspired by a different area of the city.
One evokes the essence of bustling Ste-Catherine street, while others try to capture the romance of Old Montreal, the grandeur of old churches, or the scent of the grass on Mount Royal.
And how does one capture the scent of a city? Hebert says it starts with a story.
“I always start with a blank page and write a story, and every word that's important in the story is transformed into an ingredient,” he said from behind the counter of his St-Denis street boutique.
For the scent inspired by Old Montreal, Hebert said he created a “vintage” perfume with hints of cardamom and cinnamon that brings to mind velvet and lace, the dust of the city streets and the smell of the nearby St-Lawrence river.
The floral-scented “Metropole” incorporates tobacco and hops -- a nod to downtown nightlife -- while the perfume named after Mount Royal includes pine and hints of the incense that wafts over from nearby St-Joseph's Oratory.
Hebert, 47, said he started his own line in 2002 after realizing that most perfume makers focus more on ingredients than on inspiration.
“They talk about the top note, the base note, the patchouli... it's like a recipe” said Hebert, who previously worked for labels that include Aramis and Thierry Mugler. “For me a perfume is much more than that.”
Hebert orders his ingredients from a company in Grasse, France.
Once they arrive they are mixed with corn alcohol to create a ratio of 20% raw materials, 80% alcohol and about 1% water.
He says he eschews chemicals when possible, opting for 95% natural ingredients. The perfumes then sit for about a month before they hit the shelves.
The finished product sells for $185 for 100 ml -- a testament to the cost of the ingredients and the steps involved in the process.
But Canadians don't seem to be put off by the price of what is undeniably a luxury purchase.
Although there are no precise Canadian sales figures, the fragrance industry is estimated to have grown 4% to 5% in 2016, according to the Canadian Cosmetic, Toiletry and Fragrance Association (CCTFA).
So-called niche fragrances like the ones Hebert sells -- ones available through a limited number of channels -- are a small but growing category in that market.
Hebert says scents are important because they can help create or trigger memories and give people a little boost when they want to feel sexier or more energized.
“If all your chakras are perfect you probably don't need perfume,” he said. “But the perfumes are there if you need a little touch, a little push.”
Recipe for Turning A Mom Back into Action Lady: Take one mama ADD daily dose 1 hr ❤️ @bodybysimone ❤️ 1.5 hr ⭐️Stunt Team ⭐️ 50 cups of coffee and 3 min Cryotherapy Good luck everybody!
A post shared by Jennifer Garner (@jennifer.garner) on Oct 4, 2017 at 3:30pm PDT
April 10 Supervalu Inc:
* Supervalu to acquire Unified Grocers to create one of the nation's leading grocery wholesale companies
* Supervalu - deal for $375 million
* Supervalu - combined business designed to deliver value to co' stockholders with at least $60 million in run rate cost synergies
* Supervalu - co to use cash on hand and borrowings under its credit facilities to purchase unified's equity and repay Unified's outstanding net debt
* Supervalu - transaction value comprised of about $114 million in cash for 100 percent of outstanding stock of Unified Grocers
* Supervalu - transaction was unanimously approved by each company's board of directors, is currently expected to close in mid-to-late summer 2017
* Supervalu - transaction value also comprised of assumption and pay-off of unified grocers' net debt at closing
* Supervalu - $60 million in run rate cost synergies expected to be realized by end of third year of operations
* Supervalu - following completion of merger, unified grocers will be a wholly-owned subsidiary of supervalu
* Supervalu - transaction expected to be accretive to earnings per share in first full fiscal year following closing which begins on February 25, 2018
* Supervalu-To achieve synergies,co expects to incur transition,integration costs of up to $60 million within first 2 years following transaction completion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
In the fitness world, the word “miracle” gets thrown around like a two-pound dumbbell. But when it comes to high-intensity interval training (HIIT), a very short workout, the benefits you've heard about are both legitimate and — we'll say it — miraculous.
HIIT is a combination of brief, very-high intensity bursts of cardio exercise followed by equal or longer periods of rest. Think 30 seconds to a minute of sprinting, followed by a minute or two of walking or slow jogging. Repeat this cycle for just 10 minutes, and you'll complete a HIIT workout.
“We now have more than 10 years of data showing HIIT yields pretty much the exact same health and fitness benefits as long-term aerobic exercise, and in some groups or populations, it works better than traditional aerobic exercise,” says Todd Astorino, a professor of kinesiology at California State University, San Marcos, who has published more than a dozen study papers on HIIT.
Whether your goal is to improve your fitness, lower your risk for cardiovascular disease, lose weight, strengthen skeletal muscle or help get your blood sugar under control, a few minutes of HIIT seem to be as effective as much longer periods of moderate-paced running, cycling, swimming or other forms of traditional cardio. For well-trained athletes, HIIT may be the best way to elevate your physical performance.
RELATED VIDEO: Shaun T's Go-to Dance Workout This Summer!
MORE: The TIME Guide To Exercise
One small study of healthy but sedentary people found just one minute total of HIIT performed three days a week for six weeks was enough to significantly improve blood sugar scores and aerobic capacity, a measure of physical fitness. The study participants completed 10- to 20-second bouts of “all-out” cycling on a stationary bike, each broken up by a couple minutes of rest. The total workout time, start to finish, was 10 minutes.
Other research finds that HIIT may outperform traditional cardio when it comes to fat loss. A HIIT-induced surge in your body's levels of growth hormones and other organic compounds “can increase fat burning and energy expenditure for hours after exercise,” says study author Stephen Boutcher, an associate professor of medical sciences at the University of New South Wales in Australia.
It doesn't just work for the young, fit and healthy. Among people with heart disease, HIIT improves cardiorespiratory fitness nearly twice as much as longer stretches of moderate-intensity running, cycling or other aerobic exercises, one review study concluded.
MORE: Why You Don't Have to Exercise Every Day
How can HIIT do so much good in so little time? During very intense exercise, “the heart cannot pump enough blood to satisfy all the muscles,” says Ulrik Wisløff, a HIIT researcher and head of the cardiac exercise research group at the Norwegian School of Science and Technology. This lacking oxygen delivery to the muscles starts a “cascade of molecular responses in most organs of the body” that produces a greater training response than more leisurely bouts of exercise, he says.
RELATED VIDEO: Christina El Moussa Shares Her Go-to Workout & How Her Kids Always Keep Her Moving
Exercise of any intensity switches on genes that increase the growth of mitochondria—the power generators of the cells—and triggers all of the other beneficial biological changes linked with physical fitness, says Astorino. “But to activate these genes with traditional cardiovascular exercises, you have to do fairly large or long bouts,” he says. With HIIT, it appears that even very short bouts of training can switch on those genes, so it's an efficient workout.
HIIT can work for a wide range of people. But how you should practice it depends on your fitness level.
The key to HIIT is pushing your heart rate up above 80% of its maximum, Astorino says. “Subtract your age from 220 to estimate your maximal heart rate,” he says. (A heart rate monitor can provide an accurate assessment. But if you're really sucking wind after pushing yourself, you've probably hit your target, Astorino says.)
MORE: 7 Surprising Benefits Of Exercise
If you're fit, try sprint interval training. After walking or slow jogging for a few minutes to warm up, sprint as hard as you can for 30 seconds, then recover for four minutes by walking or jogging slowly. Complete four to six sets of this sprinting-recovery program. (For an even faster version, keep the warmup, then complete three sets of 20-second sprints, each separated by two minutes of recovery, Astorino says.)
If you're overweight or obese and you haven't exercised in months, sprinting isn't necessary (or safe for your joints). Instead, 30 seconds to four minutes of brisk walking on an inclined treadmill or hill should be enough to push your heart rate up into the HIIT zone, Astorino says.
FROM PEN: How This Burger-Loving Nurse Lost 141 Lbs. With a Vegan Diet—and Started Her Own Wellness Business
You can also practice these programs with a stationary bike, rowing machine or in the pool. Any form of cardio can push your heart into the HIIT zone, Wisløff says. (This fact sheet from the American College of Sports Medicine offers more in-depth details on how to design a HIIT program.)
And yes, HIIT is safe. Wisløff and colleagues analyzed nearly 50,000 hours of HIIT data collected from cardiovascular disease patients in Norway. In seven years of data, he turned up just two instances of (non-fatal) cardiac arrest.
He says people with unstable angina or serious heart issues should speak with their doctor first. But, in general, “it's much more dangerous not to perform HIIT than to perform it,” he says.
This article originally appeared on Time.com
One person has been arrested after a short, high speed chase in northwest Oklahoma City.
Police say the chase began near NW 23rd and Meridian and ended a mile north at NW 39th Expressway.
The suspect was arrested after a crash at the intersection. No injuries were reported.
Rose McGowan got into a shouting match with a transgender audience member at her book signing Wednesday, after the audience member accused the actress of not doing enough to help transgender women.
McGowan — who has accused disgraced film producer Harvey Weinstein of rape and has since become a vocal advocate for the #MeToo movement — was signing copies of her latest book, Brave, and taking questions from the audience when she was apparently interrupted in a confrontation caught on tape.
“I have a suggestion. Talk about what you said on RuPaul,” the trans audience member said during the Q&A, referring to comments McGowan made recently during an interview with the drag superstar.
“Trans women are dying and you said that we, as trans women, are not like regular women. We get raped more often. We go through domestic violence more often, the audience member continued. “There was a trans woman killed here a few blocks [away]. I have been followed home…”
“So have I,” McGowan cut in. “We're the same. My point was we are the same.”
Rose McGowan has meltdown on stage at Barnes & Nobles book signing after trans heckler yells that she hasn't done anything for trans women who are victims of sexual assault. pic.twitter.com/fTRafCUNcL — Pop Crave (@PopCrave) February 2, 2018
“There's an entire show called ID channel, a network, dedicated to women getting abused, murdered, sexualized, violated, and you're a part of that too, sister. It's the same,” McGowan continued, before being cut off again.
“You do nothing for them. Trans women are in men's prisons! And what have you done for them?” the visibly irate audience member pressed on.
“What have you done for women?” McGowan fired back.
But when the audience member would not quiet down, McGowan unloaded.
“You don't know my life. Sit down. Sit down! Enough! Get lost… Shut up, you're so boring,” McGowan said, as the disruptor continued to shout, “White cis feminism!”
“Don't label me, sister. Don't put your labels on me, don't you f*cking do that. Do not put your label on me, I don't come from your planet. Leave me alone,” she went on. “I do not subscribe to your rules. I do not subscribe to your language. You will not put labels on me or anybody. Step the f*ck back! What I do is for the f*cking world and you should be f*cking grateful. Shut the f*ck up. Get off my back. What have you done? I know what I've done, goddammit.”
McGowan acknowledged that she'd been venting, even as audience members could be heard trying to calm her down.
“You can label this thing as a breakdown. That motherf*ckers is a breakdown. Maybe not for me, but for you,” she added. “I might have information you want. I might know sh*t that you don't. So f*cking shut up. Please, systemically. For once, in the world. You know what I'm talking about. Just tell the goddamned truth. Stop boxing everybody into sh*t. I didn't agree to your cis f*cking world, okay? F*ck off.”
McGowan is currently promoting her memoir Brave, about her experiences having been sexually abused in Hollywood. A reality show about her life as an activist, Citizen Rose, premiered on the E! channel last week.
Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
TWENTYNINE PALMS >> A man accused of fleeing police in a stolen vehicle was found hiding in his ex-girlfriend's Twentynine Palms apartment early Sunday morning.
A deputy attempted to stop a Nissan Altima about 1:20 a.m. near the 6300 block of Palo Verde Avenue, according to a news release from the San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department.
The driver – identified as 25-year-old Demetrius Hughes – led the deputy on a pursuit to the corner of Joshua Drive and Ocotillo Avenue, the release said.
Deputies later found him hiding in the bathroom of his ex-girlfriend's apartment. They learned he took the vehicle without permission, the release said.
Hughes was arrested on suspicion of vehicle theft and driving without a license, jail records show.
He is being held at the Morongo Basin sheriff's station. Bail is set at $50,000, according to jail records.
PROMINENT WA property developer John Court was last night pinned under his own car for nearly an hour after a bizarre accident outside his Mount Pleasant home.
Mr Court, 83, became pinned between his car and a wall after after he walked around the front of his car only for it to roll forward.
He said his wife parked the car and left the engine running when the car began to roll. Unable to reach the foot brake he got out to walk around to the driver's side, only for it to slam into him.
Paramedics and firefighters worked for almost an hour to free him - while he drifted in and out of consciousness.
Camera Icon John Court was recovering in hospital today with a fractured ankle and other cuts and bruises. Picture: Seven News.
He's recovering in hospital today with a fractured ankle, but he is just happy it wasn't any worse.
"Other than that I've probably miraculously escaped from this car running over myself," he said from his hospital bed at Royal Perth Hospital.
"I was pinned on my hip under the car for about an hour - and it was very painful."
His wife Helen said described the shock at seeing her philanthropist husband stuck underneath the car's wheel.
"When I couldn't find him and I was looking for him and when I found him, it was ghastly - no other words, it was horrible, horrible," she said.
Despite the insinuations of President Duterte, visitors to the wake had only good words for the late Tanauan City mayor Tony Halili
Published 3:35 PM, July 04, 2018
BATANGAS, Philippines – It does not matter what President Duterte says. For the people of Tanauan City, specially for the throngs visiting his wake, slain mayor Antonio “Tony” Halili was the “father of Tanauan” and the only leader who changed the city's image.
Since 2013, long before the word “TokHang” gained nationwide notoriety, Halili had already initiated his campaign against illegal drugs in Tanauan City—a place labelled as a “hotspot” for illegal drugs in Central Luzon prior to his term.
During his inaugural speech in July 2013, Halili—like President Rodrigo Duterte—“required” barangay captains of Tanuan to prepare a list of persons involved in the illegal drug trade.
The following weeks, he invited to his office for a dialogue the persons in the list.
The story goes that just by "talking" to them, the Mayor “convinced” drug suspects to stop their illegal activities. He warned them not to be listed again. Suspects who were caught again were paraded around the city center with other petty criminals. It was his method of ensuring “commitment.”
“For a period of time, Tanauan City used to be the center of drug trade,” Gerald Laresma, Tanauan public information officer said. “It was only during his time that we had an honest-to-goodness campaign sa paglilinis ng (to clean up) Tanuan city from drugs, at sa ganoong tag (and from that tag).”
Unlike the President Duterte's methods, Laresma said Halili's campaign was far less bloody. “Hindi siya katulad ng presidente na madugo. (Unlike the campaign of the President, his was less bloody),” Laresma said. “Yes, some might say it was [still] a violation of human rights, but it was less bloody, and had fewer casualties,” he added.
For context, a 2003 Newsbreak article noted that the drug problem in Tanauan City had been festering for decades.
“The drug problem in Tanauan goes all the way back to the '70s. In the '80s, people say, marijuana was the drug of choice. Drugs only became a real problem when shabu entered the picture in the early '90s. It's point of entry? Sambat, which is near the poblacion and is a breath away from the city market.”
It is also in here, Barangay Sambat, where Halili resided.
“To users and pushers in the city, in fact, Barangay Sambat is an acronym that stands for Shabu Ating Mahalin, Bato Ating Tangkilikin,” the article added. (Let us love shabu, let us patronize ice).
Darkest time for city of colors
But other than his controversial drug campaign, Halili was also responsible for the rebranding of Tanauan City.
For so long, Tanauan was known as the cradle of noble heroes, boasting of patriots Apolinario Mabini, and former President Jose P. Laurel. But Halili thought this was too old school, and that the city has changed immensely since the two heroes' times.
“Upon assumption as mayor, he [decided that he] wants a more appealing brand for Tanauan City,” Laresma said. “He decided to go with ‘city of colors' to represent the colorful history, colorful life, colorful people of the city.”
Tanaueños embraced this new brand, and grieved when they heard news that the man behind it was killed on Monday morning.
Many described his death “the darkest time” for the city of colors. Local government employees pinned black ribbons on their chests. Students also tied black ribbons in a bridge at Tanauan to symbolize the city's mourning.
Marilou Blaza, who works at the licensing office of the city hall, said that among the 3 mayors she worked with, Halili was the best.
“Incomparable siya (He was incomparable),” Blaza said. “Sa lahat ng naging mayor ng Tanauan City, siya lang ang nakapagbigay mga pagbabago. Nagkaroon ng maraming development ang Tanauan. Nabawasan yung mga drug addicts at pushers. Maraming programs na inilunsad para sa senior citizens, at health. At kaming mga employado, palagi niyang sinasaisip yung kapakanan.”
(Of all the mayors of Tanauan City, he was the only one who implemented changes. There was much development in Tanauan. The number of drug addicts and pushers dropped. He launched programs for senior citiznes and health services. And he always had in mind the welfare of city hall employees.)
Employees at the city hall also vouched for Halili's discipline. Every weekday, Halili was without a doubt at the city hall by 8 am, and would leave at 6 pm.
“Siya lang yung mayor na talagang nagtatagal kasama kami sa city hall,” Blaza said.
(He was the mayor who spent his working hours with us in city hall.)
Every flag-raising ceremony, Blaza added that Halili would never fail to say that he was “ready to die to serve Tanauan.”
“Palagi niya sinasabi, ang aming paglilingkod ay hindi sapat. Kailangan nating higitan. Handa niyang iaalay ang buhay niya, kasi alam naman niya na may death threat siya. Hindi siya takot, kasi gusto niya talaga magbigay serbisyo.”
(He'd always say, that our service was not enough. We must give more. He was ready to give up his life, because he knew there were threats to his life. He was not afraid, because he was determined to be of service.)
For Barangay Chairman Albert Dalisay, Halili was the man who granted the wishes of his community.
“Lahat ng proyekto na hiniling namin, binigay niya. Public school, market road, open canal, multipurpose building, daycare center—lahat yan, approved.”
(He gave all the projects we requested.)
Halili was also popular among senior citizens as each of them received birthday gifts of P500 every year. During Christmas, every household in Tanauan also received 5-10 kilos of rice from the Mayor.
Where's the proof?
But while Tanaueños spoke fondly about Halili, they did not deny that they've heard rumors about his links to the drug trade.
Blaza however said that they preferred to believe in what they could see, rather than what they could hear. “Sa aming nga Tanauenos, naniniwala kami sa mga nagawa niya, mga pinakita niya. Although may naririnig kaming ganoon, mas binibigyan namin ng pansin yung mga nakita naming ginawa niya.”
(We believe in what he has done, what we have seen. Although we heard rumours, we preferred to look at the things he has done.)
Connie, a senior citizen who has lived in Tanauan City for more than 40 years, also said the rumors linking Halili to drugs have never been anything but a rumor as no one has showed proof.
“Sa tagal ko dito, wala naman akong nakita. Ang nakikita ko lang yung mga nagawa niya. Okay naman siya.”
(In the long time I've been here, I never saw anything related to drugs. What I've seen if what he has done. Ang they're ok.)
Tanaun City's PIO meanwhile found the rumors ridiculous.
“Walang Tanaueño na nainiwala na sangkot siya [Halili] sa drugs. Paano na-involve eh siya nga yung against dito?” Laresma said.
(Tanaueños do not believe Halili was involved with illegal drugs. How can he be involved when he is very much against it?)
On Monday, even Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque called Halili a staunch ally of President Rodrigo Duterte in his campaign against illegal drugs.
Others have even branded Halili as the “Duterte of Batangas,” to which Laresma said Halili seemed flattered.
“I believe he was flattered. Alam naman natin ang style ni (We know Duterte's style) PRRD talagang no-nonsense at radical. I think he liked being described like that.”
‘My hero'
For the daughter of the late mayor however, none of these rumors matter anymore.
“I will not tell anyone how to remember my father. It's up to them,” Angeline Halili said. “Matalino ang tao, alam nila yan. Makikita nila yan. (The peeple have their own mind, they know the truth. They can see that.) Just look around here [at the wake].”
But as a daughter, Angeline said she will remember her father as nothing but a hero.
“Let me put it this way—for strangers who are not forced to love my father— how much more for a daughter? I would miss everything. I would be more than happy to have him back but that can't happen.”
“He's my hero, he's my savior, he's my father. My love for him lives on. It does not stop.”
Earlier, Angeline said the President was misinformed about his father, after Duterte said in a speech on Monday that Halili got what he deserved for being linked to drugs.
“I cant blame him for that, he's so misinformed. I believe that if he would even try to grieve with me in our family, with us, he would see, and realize and see for himself that we have a decent, legal, very very legal and simple life. We're just a family of entrepreneurs,” Angeline said.
Mayor Halili was the only politician in their family. His wife and children are involved in other businesses including emission-testing centers nationwide, drug-testing centers, and realty development. – Rappler.com
The old Big Hill Leisure Pool still has some life in it yet, as thousands flocked to its lawn on Saturday for the Calgary Police Rodeo. This year's rodeo was the 35th annual.
"It's the only police and fire rodeo in the world, believe it or not,” said Sgt. Michael Cavilla, the rodeo's president. “There's nothing of it's kind anywhere else."
Cavilla said that the approximately 110 competitors come to Cochrane from all over western Canada.
"The unique thing is, it's all cops, fire and EMS getting on the animals,” he said about the day, which benefits both the Missing Children Society of Canada and the John Petropoulos Memorial Fund.
Saturday had everything one might find at a summer rodeo, including vendors, artisans, a one-acre children's carnival and other performers like trick riders. It also featured some of the more atypical, like wild cow milking and bull poker (which, yes, involves both the playing of poker and a wild bull).
Cavilla said the rodeo attracts a wide range of experience.
"From never done it, to fairly accomplished rodeo cowboys in amateur circuits. It varies quite a bit,” he added. "There's going to be a few guys this year that have never been on the back of a bull, and they're getting on, and they're giving it a shot."
Regardless of experience, Cavilla explained there is one rule that all competitors abide by. "Rodeo's a sport where everybody helps everybody, it doesn't help what agency you're from."
While the Calgary Police Service were no doubt the hometown favourite, they invited to the rodeo agencies from all over the first responder spectrum. Competitors travelled to Cochrane to represent the likes of Corrections Canada, Sundre EMS and the Edmonton Fire Department, among others.
Constable Ben Todd drove down from Edmonton with his four-year-old son, Malcolm. The duo had a busy day, as both were there on behalf of the Edmonton Police Service as competitors.
After a little pronunciation help from his father, the younger Todd told the Times what event he was competing in that day. “Mutton bustin',” he said. The rodeo favorite involves small children clinging on to comparatively large sheep for as long as they can as they dash across the arena.
“Look what I have,” Malcolm continued, proudly displaying the McDonald's Happy Meal coupon he won for his ride on the sheep. “It was my first time in the rodeo.”
Like Malcolm, his father is not from a rodeo background.
"I learned last year at the rodeo,” the older Todd said. "The other boys said, 'You want to wrestle a steer?' And I said, 'Yes I do.' 'Do you want to go to Cochrane and do it?' 'Yes I do.'"
He chose to compete in the relatively beginner-friendly events of chute dogging (a version of steer wrestling where the competitor holds on to the steer from the moment of release) and wild cow milking.
“We ended up second last, but that's okay,” said Constable Todd of the wild cow milking, adding that he headed into the competition with a specific tactic in mind.
"You really have to soothe the cow, make sure it knows you're its friend," Todd chuckled. “Be at one with the cow.”
Ben and Malcolm are already looking forward to 2018's edition. "It's such an awesome, gorgeous event, and great people,” the older Todd said with a smile. “It's a beautiful venue. We're going to come back as much as we can."
PGibson@postmedia.com
Scroll for more content...
A woman getting off Boston's Orange Line last week fell and was trapped between the subway platform and the train until her fellow passengers were able to free her.
Transit police say the woman stepped into a 5-inch gap as she was getting off the train at the Massachusetts Avenue station on Friday afternoon during rush hour.
Marleny Polanco was on her way home from work when she heard the commotion.
"I didn't actually see her fall. I actually jumped out of the car when I heard some screams," she said. "I was able to see what was happening. She was clearly stuck between the train and the platform."
Security video from the platform shows a crowd of commuters starts to push on the train and rock it enough to pull the woman to safety.
After the woman was freed, Polanco stayed to help and talked with her.
She had a bad cut on her left thigh; police said it was deep enough to expose the bone.
Polanco said the woman was clearly in a lot of pain, but she didn't want anyone to call an ambulance because she said she couldn't afford it.
"She made it a point to say 'you don't understand, I have terrible insurance,'" Polanco said. "Everyone just kept saying don't worry about that, you need medical help."
Emergency Medical Technicians arrived in 5 or 10 minutes Polanco said, and the woman did agree to go with them.
The EMTs bandaged her leg and then took her away in a wheelchair.
"She couldn't walk, she couldn't stand, she couldn't do anything on the leg," Polanco said.
An incident report said the EMTs did not see any broken bones, but said she would need surgery.
The woman has not been identified. She was taken to Boston Medical Center for treatment.
Health care costs vary widely and with the details of the woman's condition unavailable, it's difficult to say how much transporting her and treating her injury would cost. A 2012 federal investigation found the median ambulance cost per ride was between $224 and $2,204.
0 Is too much protein dangerous? High-protein diets may increase heart failure risk by nearly 50
Researchers are warning against some high-protein diets, such as the trendy ketogenic and Atkins diets often used for weight loss that may inadvertently lead consumers to eat large amounts of protein.
According to a new study from Finland, which examined nearly 2,500 middle-aged men between the ages of 42 and 60 for about 22 years, such diets may increase risk of heart failure, a condition in which the heart is unable to pump enough blood for proper body functioning.
During the study, which was published Tuesday in the journal Circulation: Heart Failure, researchers found 334 diagnosed cases of heart failure, 70 percent of which involved patients that consumed protein from animal sources and 27.7 percent from plant sources.
A higher protein intake from most dietary sources was associated with a slightly higher risk of heart failure. Fish and eggs were the only proteins not associated with increased risk of heart failure.
By comparing the men who ate the most protein to those who consumed the least, the researchers assessed risk of heart failure by protein source.
Here's what they found:
33 percent higher risk for all protein sources
43 percent higher risk for animal protein
49 percent higher risk for dairy protein
17 percent higher for plant protein
“As many people seem to take the health benefits of high protein diets for granted, it is important to make clear the possible risks and benefits of these diets,” study author Dr. Jyrki Virtanen, of the University of Eastern Finland, said in a statement. “Earlier studies had linked diets high in protein especially from animal sources with increased risks of Type 2 diabetes and even death.”
But Virtanen and the rest of the team believes more research needs to be conducted to confirm the findings, which only found an association between a high-protein diet and heart failure, but did not conclude that a change in protein consumption would prevent heart failure.
While the ketogenic and Atkins diets aren't marketed as high-protein diets, those following the diets often end up eating high amounts of protein, according to Live Science.
In fact, one of the biggest mistakes people run into when trying the keto diet is consuming too much protein. But keto is actually meant to be a high-fat, moderate-protein and low-carb diet.
Atkins dieters deal with similar issues during the carb-restricting weight-loss plan.
“Patients come to me all the time asking if more protein will help them in weight loss,” Kathy McManus, of the Harvard University-affiliated Brigham and Women's Hospital, said in a Harvard blog post. “I tell them the verdict is still out. Some studies support it, some studies don't.”
How much protein should you consume?
There is no strict consensus in the medical community regarding how much protein is optimal for good health, though research is ongoing.
The recommended dietary allowance for protein - the number of nutrients needed to meet your basic nutritional requirements - is about 0.8 grams of protein per kilogram of body weight. Use this online protein calculator to determine your RDA for protein.
But researchers, along with the American Heart Association, recommend a diverse, well-balanced diet of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, low-fat dairy products, poultry, fish, beans, non-tropical vegetable oils and nuts for good health. The AHA also urges the public to limit consumption of sweets, red meats and sugar-sweetened beverages.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Every high school football team in East Texas and the entire state is now in fall camp. Class 6A and 5A programs that held a spring session, were allowed to hit the practice field Monday morning.
And as always, John Tyler takes morning workouts to whole other level. Head coach Ricklan Holmes and company stepped foot on the turf at 5 a.m. sharp. Just like their normal practice routine, its a given, the Lions have high expectations entering 2017.
The reigning co-District 11-6A champs only have to replace two players on offense. The problem is quarterback Bryson Smith is at Houston, and wide receiver
Damion Miller now plays for Texas.
Devlen Woods is taking over at QB for the Lions after playing wide receiver a year ago and will have plenty of weapons arround him. The J defense meanwhile has a chance to be special and is led by two DI commits in Dekalen Goodson and Tre Allison.
But get this, after reaching the state semifinals three times from 2011 to 2014, John Tyler hasn't advanced past the third ound the past two seasons. And that is a recipe for motivation.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All Rights Reserved.
LONDON, March 28 (IFR) - Deutsche Bank has appointed Gerard Hammond as head of global credit financing and solutions syndicate for Europe, according to a source.
As well as taking on the job of European head of ABS syndicate previously held by James Gray, Hammond will also cover transport, energy and infrastructure debt.
Hammond, a managing director, was formerly head of European ABS sales. This role will be taken over by John O'Connell, a senior member of the UK sales team at Deutsche.
James Gray, a former vice president and head of European ABS syndicate, left Deutsche Bank for JP Morgan. (Reporting by Ana Baric, Editing by Helene Durand, Julian Baker)
A long-lost glass house in the grounds of a Somerset house has been transformed with a glass extension that will inspire anyone thinking of building, as Arabella Youens found out.
It was the remains of a long-lost glass house found in the walled gardens of Little Naish, near Clapton-in-Gordano, Somerset, that eventually led to planning permission for the addition of this strikingly modern glass box to the side of an early-Victorian tower.
The original Grade II-listed building had been constructed as a folly in the Gothic-Revival style. Built in the early 19th century by James Adam Gordon, a local politician who owned plantations in the West Indies, it lay in the grounds of Naish (pronounced ‘Nash') House, a 17th-century manor that was destroyed by fire in 1902.
Although the main house was eventually rebuilt, Little Naish had lain empty for 25 years before the Somerset-based architect and conservation specialist James Barattini (now retired) was invited to consult in 2008. ‘The house was in a pretty parlous state,' he recalls. ‘Little Naish was known as the “gardener's cottage”, but it wasn't habitable. It was more of a bothy and a space to keep tools in than anything else.'
However, the owners were keen to convert the folly into a habitable house and, for that to work, planning permission and listed-building consent were required to extend the original footprint of the property.
It wasn't the first time that an owner had tried to rescue the building, but all previous attempts had failed. ‘I felt very strongly that what it needed was a modern extension, but, in order to start the process, I had to go back to basics and do a historical analysis on the original estate,' explains Mr Barattini. ‘When I discovered the remnants of the Victorian glasshouse in the corner of the walled garden, just next to the folly, it validated what I was trying to do with the building.'
The local planning department agreed to the installation of a glazed building on the proviso that it didn't interfere with or interrupt distant views. The pavilion extension was designed to minimise the connection to the building, as there was no evidence of a formal link between the greenhouse and the folly on the original layout. ‘We didn't want it to swamp the tower, rather that it just floated on the edge,' adds Mr Barattini.
One of the strongest stipulations by the owners – one a passionate gardener – was that the space should blur the boundaries of the inside and outside. This was achieved through the use of floor-to-ceiling sliding glass doors on two sides and having one flooring solution to create a seamless transition between the terrace and the kitchen.
The pavilion's position, facing south south-west, was ideal as it affords extensive views over the six-acre walled garden. ‘However, with that aspect, you could also scorch in there, hence the need for the solar shading in the form of the large roof overhang. In the summer, it offers protection from the overhead sun, but, in the winter, when the sun is lower in the sky, it lets the light in,' explains Mr Barattini.
The clients commissioned designer Tom Howley to create a traditional kitchen that would not only marry sympathetically with the historical aspects of the original building, but would also become a feature of the modern extension. ‘They were very specific about creating a feeling of bringing the outdoors in and having a room that would be used for living, dining and cooking,' says Mr Howley.
‘One of the main challenges was that achieving this light, open-plan finish meant there was limited space available for cabinetry. We had to be very clever with how we got everything the clients wanted into the kitchen.'
The Shaker-style Summerville range was chosen and painted in Tom Howley's in-house colour of Meadowsweet – a light, neutral shade that emphasises the natural light that floods the room. An island with a breakfast bar takes central stage and forms a subtle division between the cooking and dining spaces. Unusually, the sink was built into the island specifically so that the splendid garden views could offer some diversion from the chore of washing-up.
