Shares in Chile's Salmones Camanchaca surged almost 15 pct to 3,750 pesos ($6.24) on Santiago's IPSA blue chip stock exchange after the company launched its Initial Public Offering (IPO) on Friday morning.
** The Santiago IPO price was set at 3,268 ($5.44) Chilean pesos on Thursday evening, and 19.8 million shares were placed on the Santiago exchange on Friday.
** The IPO raised approximately $108 million for the salmon-producer, which is a unit of Chile's Pesquera Camanchaca SA.
** The IPO operation includes the issuance of NDR (Norwegian Depositary Receipts) in Oslo.
BAGHDAD (AP) — World leaders congratulated Iraq Sunday following the prime minister's declaration of victory over the Islamic State group. Saudi Arabia says the achievement is a big victory against terrorism in the region and the United Kingdom applauded Iraq's security forces “for their courage and sacrifice.”
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declared victory in the more than three year fight against IS in a national address aired on Iraqi state television Saturday evening.
Sunday was an official holiday in Iraq. A military parade attended by al-Abadi was held inside Baghdad's fortified Green Zone — a district that houses most of Iraq's government buildings and foreign embassies. In the evening, the capital's skies filled with fireworks.
“Daesh no longer hold significant territory in Iraq or Syria,” United Kingdom Prime Minister Theresa May said according to an official statement released by her office. “This signals a new chapter towards a more peaceful, prosperous country.”
In Saudi Arabia's statement Sunday, the kingdom reiterated Saudi support for Iraq.
Several thousand Saudis are believed to have joined the ranks of Sunni extremist groups to fight in Iraq and Syria. However, the kingdom has also been a target of multiple attacks claimed by IS and carried out by local affiliates.
The top U.S.-led coalition commander U.S. Lt. Gen. Paul E. Funk II pledged that coalition forces would continue to support Iraq after the conventional military fight against IS is concluded.
“Much work remains, and we will continue to work by, with and through our Iraqi partners to ensure the enduring defeat of Daesh and prevent its ability to threaten civilization, regionally and globally,” Funk said in a statement released by the coalition Sunday. Daesh is an Arabic acronym for IS.
Iraqi forces retook the last IS strongholds in Iraq's western deserts earlier Saturday and secured the country's border with Syria.
IS fighters overran nearly a third of Iraqi territory, including Mosul, the country's second largest city and Tikrit, the capital of Iraq's central Salahuddin province in the summer of 2014. The following year, IS fighters also overran Anbar's provincial capital of Ramadi.
Over the past 3 ½ half years, Iraqi ground forces closely backed by the U.S.-led coalition and mostly Shiite paramilitary forces backed by Iran have slowly retaken all of that territory.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Alabama coach Nick Saban shares his thoughts on how he expects his offense to perform under the new tutelage of Steve Sarkisian. (1:39)
Jalen Hurts has only ever heard a play call from the mouth of Lane Kiffin.
But the next voice Alabama's freshman quarterback will hear won't be his old offensive coordinator's. It will be his new one: Steve Sarkisian.
Despite saying time and time again that he would remain on staff through the College Football Playoff, Kiffin is off to start rebuilding Florida Atlantic's football program immediately. And suddenly Alabama's offense is under new management a week away from the biggest game of the season -- the College Football Playoff National Championship Presented by AT&T against No. 2-ranked Clemson.
Hurts, in particular, will have to rebound from a Washington game in which he threw for a career-low 57 yards and rediscover the confidence that led to him winning SEC Offensive Player of the Year.
Alabama won handily despite Hurts' struggles, of course, but expecting that same kind of effort to beat a Clemson defense that shut out Ohio State and picked off veteran quarterback J.T. Barrett twice is asking a lot.
New Alabama offensive coordinator Steve Sarkisian (left), shown with departing coordinator Lane Kiffin (right), has been on staff since Week 2, but his role as an analyst precluded him from coaching players one-on-one. RVR Photos/USA TODAY Sports
Remember, though Sarkisian has been on staff since Week 2 of the season, his role as an analyst precluded him from coaching players one-on-one. It's been more than a year since he's called a play, and creating an in-game chemistry with a quarterback doesn't happen overnight.
The good news for Alabama is that the transition from Kiffin to Sarkisian, though happening a tad early, was always supposed to be a smooth one. In fact, when Alabama initially began talking with Sarkisian during the summer, Kiffin said he imagined him as a potential successor.
The two coaches cut from the same cloth: former head coaches and West Coast guys who got their big breaks at USC under Pete Carroll. This is the third time that Sarkisian has replaced Kiffin (twice as coordinator, once as a head coach).
What's more, even Kiffin thinks Sarkisian will do better working with Saban than he did, enduring a few so-called "ass-chewings" during his three years within the program.
Sarkisian's personality and ability to manage people, Kiffin said, will be a better fit.
"I think it's going to be a really easy transition," he said.
Then again, Kiffin said all of that before he and Saban "mutually agreed" to part ways. Now, with the national championship a week away, there's strain on the transition.
Regardless, it's clear that this change needed to happen, and keeping Kiffin on staff was no longer an option.
When Saban spoke to ESPN, he said that the decision was made because of "the way we went about the last game, whether it was the preparation, the practice, being able to focus on what we needed to do for our team relative to the distractions that occur when you're trying to hire a staff and recruit another place and all these types of things."
In other words: while getting Sarkisian early wasn't the plan, it was better to get a coach in who is focused on doing one job instead of juggling two.
It might be painful, but ripping off the Band-Aid and removing any potential for drama could be the best thing for the players and coaches moving forward.
They'll have to get used to a new voice leading the offensive staff and quarterback meetings, but at least it will be a familiar face and a familiar offense coming from Sarkisian.
Sushil loses first bout in four years, Aman wins bronze in cadet World C'ship
(Eds: Updating with more results)
New Delhi, Jul 4 (PTI) Celebrated Indian wrestler Sushil Kumar lost his first bout in more than four years while competing at Tbilisi Grand Prix in Georgia even as his compatriot Bajrang Punia progressed to the semifinals.
Sushil lost 4-8 to Polish grappler Andrzej Piotr Sokalski in the 74 kg category. It's not an ideal result for Sushil in the build up to the Asian Games. The WFI had exempted him from trials, held last month.
The 35-year-old was handed exemption, give his past result and form as he had won his third CWG gold in Gold Coast.
Before today's defeat, Sushil had lost a bout way back in May 2014 in Sassari (Italy) where he lost to Luca Lampis of France.
Sushil was re-admitted to the Target Olympic Podium Scheme (TOPS) after a gap of two years last month.
In the 65kg freestyle, Bajrang beat Iran's Yones Aliakbar Emamichoghaei 3-1 to enter the semifinals. He earlier defeated Ukraine's Gor Ogannesyan to enter the quarterfinals.
Deepak Punia outwitted Georgy Rubaev of Moldova in the round of 1/8 but lost 4-6 to local hope Saba Chikhradze in the 86kg quarterfinals.
Meanwhile, in the cadet World Championships at Zagreb, Croatia, Gaurav Baliyan assured himself of a silver medal in the 71lg category after setting up the summit clash with Bagrati Gagnidze of Georgia
Aman (51kg) defeated Adem Burak of Turkey to won bronze medal. He had earlier beaten Ibrat Khabibullaev of Uzbekistan 8-6 in the repechage.
Ravinder (60kg) defeated Albania's Emanuel Cekrezi 10-0 in repechage to set up a clash with Sabir Jafarov of Azerbaijan for bronze medal.
Among other Indians, Sukhdev (45kg) lost 4-6 to Shakhbos Komilov of Uzbekistan, Vipul Suresh Thorat (48kg) suffered a 0-10 thrashing from Mahdi Mehrdad Veisi of Iran, Vishal Sahani (55kg) went down 4-6 to Norik Harutyunyan of Armenia
A sketch of Taylor Swift (L) and her attorneys in Denver Federal Court with plaintiff David Mueller (2nd R) during the Swift groping trial in Denver U.S. August 8, 2017.
DENVER (Reuters) - Pop star Taylor Swift on Friday won a preliminary round in a federal court trial stemming from her allegation that she was groped by a Colorado disc jockey, as the judge dismissed the DJ's rival claim accusing the singer of wrongfully getting him fired.
The ruling by U.S. District Judge William Martinez left intact Swift's assault and battery countersuit against David Mueller, who had asserted he was falsely accused by the recording star and ousted from his $150,000-a-year job at radio station KYGO-FM under pressure from her.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Have your say
Leon Wobschall delivers his player ratings after Bradford City were beaten at Oldham Athletic in League One.
Colin Doyle. No chance with Dummigan's stunner, but made a key save towards the end of the half to Nazon. Little hope with saving Amadi-Holloway's late header. 6
Ryan McGowan. A sound performance from the debutant and one of just a few in claret and amber who could be truly satisfied with their efforts. 7
Matthew Kilgallon. Typically committed and looked more comfortable this last weekend at least. 6
Stephen Warnock. Steady away in an experienced showing and performed well. 7
Tony McMahon. Welcome return to the side, but not his day. His deliveries from set-piece situations were not up to scratch. 5
Romain Vincelot. Did not stamp his authority on the game and was substituted in the second half. 6.
Callum Guy. Did not have the best first half and was hassled out of it on occasions. Better in second half. 6.
Matthew Lund. Did not stamp himself on proceedings in the opening half and was replaced on the restart. 5
Adam Chicksen. Missed a decent first half opportunity in a game of few chances. 6
Shay McCartan. Poor second half free-kick summed up his difficult afternoon. 5
Charlie Wyke. Not given much to feed off, but produced an inhibited showing. 5
Substitutes: Timothee Dieng (Lund 62) Added a bit of bite to engine room. 6
Dom Poleon (Vincelot 73). Missed a late chance. 6
Jordan Gibson (McCartan 80). Scored a milestone first league goal for the club. 6
Not used: Lukas Raeder, Kai Brunker, Nathaniel Knight-Pervical, Joel Grodowski.
Oldham Athletic: Placide 5; Dummigan 7, Gerrard 7, Moimbe 7; Bryan 7, Gardner 7 (McLaughlin 67, 7), Bryne 6 (Odebayi 73, 7), Fane 7, Pringle 6; Nazon 6 (Amadi-Holloway 62, 7), Davies 7. Substitutes unused: Zues de la Paz, Wilson, Benyu, Nepomuceno.
Defending champion Joey "Jaws" Chestnut broke his own world record on Wednesday by eating 74 hot dogs in 10 minutes to claim his 11th Nathan's hot dog eating contest title.
The judges originally counted 64 hot dogs, but it was later revealed that an entire plate wasn't counted. Chestnut would have won regardless.
Chestnut, who ate a then-record 72 dogs last summer, fended off 20 other eaters at New York's Coney Island boardwalk for the annual Independence Day competition. Carmen Cincotti came in second but wasn't close to stealing the mustard belt from Chestnut, who is ranked No. 1 in the world by the Major League Eating.
Miki Sudo won her fifth women's title in a row, downing 37 hot dogs. She beat out 19 other women, including record-holder Sonya Thomas.
The event, televised on ESPN, attracts thousands of in-person spectators and has rivaled sporting events for its competitive flair.
Chestnut was a favorite in sports betting circles to win another mustard belt, as bookmakers told ESPN more than $1 million was bet on the annual eating contest across the offshore sportsbook industry.
Last year, animal rights activists tried to unfold a banner amid the crowd at the event. Five protesters were taken into custody for questioning and released.
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
I wore a black kurta and black pants on Republic Day and went down for the flag hoisting. “Smart!” said my daughter. “Inappropriate!” said a man wearing a white kurta, with a black Modi jacket, who was greeting everybody with a lot of bonhomie.
“Inappropriate?” I asked surprised. “Yes!” he said, “Wear white for Republic Day!” “What about your black jacket?” I asked him coldly. “That is okay!” he said, “It is appropriate!”
I turned away and greeted all my friends but pondered over the gentleman's remark, “How easily we fooled the world with our appearances!” I thought. In a country where we had mixed cultural roots, where one man's meat ( and literally so ) was another man's poison, where we needed to understand that we had to tolerate another's way of thinking, we had people like these men and women too who had the audacity to tell a stranger they did not like somebody's dress sense.
“I do not like the movie!” shouts the mob. “Then don't see it!” says the rest of India. “But we don't want you to see it too!” I then turn to another group running after a petrified man, “He eats what we don't!” “So don't eat what I eat, just leave me alone!” pleads the man, who is about to be lynched.
“No!” shouts the mob, “You eat what we eat!” And this is how my country is changing. A few years back, I doubt I would have met an impolite fellow like this anywhere, but today, it has become the fashion that people expect others to follow what they believe in.
India is made up of a tapestry of different cultures and religions, all delicately interwoven, but put together not with ropes but with sensitive, soft and subtle threads, that add to the beauty of the tapestry because they cannot be seen. But these very near invisible bonds are being broken cruelly and with a purpose by destructive forces. I watched the flag being hoisted and greeted friends and acquaintances who I'd known for years. From the corner of my eye I looked out for the same churlish gentleman.
He sat alone, and my heart beat with joy, for in that aloneness I realized there was hope for my country. These loud spoken men and women, rioters, the mob, had loud voices, shouting, “Inappropriate! Ban the movie! Kill the writer!” But finally, such people would be left alone. By not giving him importance I had stilled his voice.
What they wanted was argument and dissent. What treatment they needed was to be ignored. “Jai Hind!” I cried with the rest of my friends, even as they didn't mind what I wore and I didn't mind what they ate..!
Related
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - Hideki Matsuyama announced on Monday that he has been married since January and is now a father, news which caught Japanese media and fans by surprise.
Though numerous Japanese reporters follow Matsuyama every second of the day that he spends on a golf course, the world number two was able to keep his nuptials and fatherhood under wraps for months.
He said in a statement his child, a girl, was born in July, but did not reveal details of the identity of his wife.
Matsuyama announced the news only hours after falling short in his quest to become the first Japanese man to win a major championship.
Leading with nine holes to play at the PGA Championship at Quail Hollow on Sunday, he had three consecutive bogeys on the back nine and finished equal fifth behind winner Justin Thomas.
Matsuyama, 25, is one of the most popular sports figures in Japan.
(Reporting by Andrew Both; Editing by Ken Ferris)
What happens when a company whose roots go back over a century — a bank, no less — decides to adopt agile management methods developed in the software industry?
advertisement
How is technology transforming the practice of management? As everyone knows, technological innovation enables changes in how we work, for example, helping people collaborate, access information more quickly, and make smarter decisions. Less obvious, but no less important, is the observation that technological innovation inspires new approaches to management. For example, the shift from mainframe computers to personal computers gave impetus to the empowerment trend of the 1980s, and the emergence of collaborative software tools shaped the knowledge management movement in the 1990s. In such cases, new technologies expand our capabilities and broaden our horizons, and it is this combination that enables management to evolve.
A case in point is agile. This emerged during the 1990s as a software methodology, made possible by new programming languages that made it much easier for developers to build prototypes and gain rapid user feedback. The concept of agile software development was formally defined in 2001,1 and over the next decade it gathered momentum as a more responsive and collaborative approach to software development than the traditional “waterfall” methodology.2 In recent years, agile has started to move into mainstream management thinking, with some observers proclaiming it the next big thing. Forbes.com contributor Steve Denning calls it a “vast global movement that is transforming the world of work.” In a 2016 Harvard Business Review article, Darrell Rigby, Jeff Sutherland, and Hirotaka Takeuchi wrote that “agile innovation has revolutionized the software industry. … Now it is poised to transform nearly every other function in every industry.”3
The purpose of this article is to shed light on agile as a management practice. To do this, I report on a detailed case study of the operations of ING bank in the Netherlands, which has adopted agile across its headquarters in Amsterdam. Though ING's Dutch operations are less than three years into the process — and it's therefore premature to declare the initiative a success — taking a deep dive into the organization's early experience with adopting agile is nonetheless instructive.
Most IT departments in large companies today are adopting agile techniques to some extent, although with varying degrees of success.4 And many fast-growing technology companies, such as London-based Spotify Ltd. and Los Angeles-based Riot Games Inc.,
Already a member? Sign In Not a member? Member Free 3 Free Articles per month, $6.50/article thereafter. Free newsletter. Subscriber $75/yr. US Unlimited digital content, quarterly magazine, free newsletter, entire archive.
This morning, the Health & Human Services Department announced it will drastically narrow its contraceptive mandate by providing further religious and moral exemptions to employers. Implemented under the Obama administration, the mandate has for several years required employer insurance plans to provide birth control at no cost to employees.
The move comes after a summer of intense speculation that the Trump administration planned to curtail the mandate altogether. Today's announcement restores religious free-exercise and freedom of conscience to countless organizations and employers, many of whom were never exempted from the mandate despite their moral objections to providing birth control and abortifacient drugs.
After conservatives and people of faith objected strenuously to the mandate during Barack Obama's presidency, his administration offered extremely limited exemptions that applied only to a tiny class of religious groups. The absurd narrowness of those religious exceptions is illustrated most potently by the fact that the Little Sisters of the Poor, a group of charitable Catholic nuns, somehow didn't qualify for an exemption.
Under today's revised rule, both non-profit and for-profit organizations will be able to qualify for exemptions. Publicly traded for-profits will qualify for religious exemptions, while closely held for-profits and non-profits will also be allowed to apply for an exemption if they have moral objections to providing contraceptives.
Institutions of higher education and insurance companies will be permitted to apply for religious exemptions as long as they provide at least one plan to entities or individuals who themselves have an exemption based on religious or moral objections.
Crucially, the HHS has also eliminated the requirement that exempted organizations submit a form requesting that a third party provide birth control in their stead. Many religious employers insisted that this requirement still forced groups to be complicit in providing services they believed to be immoral.
Many on the left are predictably outraged at this rule change, claiming that it amounts to an attack on women's fundamental right to contraception free of personal cost. But these outraged parties should remember that it wasn't the Right or the Trump administration that transformed contraception into a political issue.
That process was orchestrated by the Left in 2012, when Obama's reelection campaign blatantly used birth control as a political tool to advance the divisive rhetoric of conservatives' supposed “War on Women.” Obama and his supporters made contraception a central component of his campaign, essentially promising free birth control to garner votes. Neither the president nor his acolytes seemed to care a whit that his promise would be fulfilled at the expense of Catholic nuns and other minorities whose religious beliefs were violated in the process.
Indeed, the politicization of birth control began not with the GOP, but with the corrupt administration that invented and peddled the ridiculous fiction that “free” contraception is a human right. Before the HHS mandate, contraception was considered just one piece of the health-care debate, and it was generally understood that, because a variety of birth-control methods were cheaply available at nearly all drugstores, employers shouldn't be coerced into providing it on their own dime.
And yet to this day, despite the ongoing furor over this issue, the Left has never once offered a truly compelling argument as to why birth control — above all other health-care procedures and treatments — is somehow so essential that it requires the government to compel employers, regardless of conscience, to provide it for free.
So as progressives descend into yet another hysterical frenzy at this morning's news, remember that they politicized this issue to begin with, and they did so intentionally for political gain. Leftists, not conservatives and not Donald Trump, used contraception as a cudgel to intimidate religious Americans into accepting and promoting the left-wing vision of sexuality. If the Left truly believed that “free” contraception is their hill to die on, they ought to have passed this mandate properly through Congress rather than tacking it onto the Affordable Care Act through the regulatory bureaucracy and using it to target sympathetic organizations such as the Little Sisters.
Today is a huge victory for those nuns, and for all employers and individuals whose faith was infringed upon by the Obama administration's mandate. But given the appalling history of this issue, perhaps the HHS hasn't gone quite far enough. If the Trump administration were to roll back this unfortunate mandate in its entirety, it would successfully terminate yet another of Obama's disastrous exercises in executive overreach, restoring balance and, just as the Left is loudly demanding today, de-politicizing birth control for good.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's financial regulator on Friday swooped on Coincheck Inc with surprise checks of its systems and said it had asked the Tokyo-based cryptocurrency exchange to fix flaws in its computer networks well before hackers stole $530 million of digital money last week.
Security gaps in Coincheck's systems were among the reasons the exchange had not been given official approval to operate, the Financial Services Agency said. Coincheck had been allowed by the regulator to operate pending registration.
The comments came after 10 FSA officials conducted surprise checks on Coincheck's office on Friday morning, as authorities stepped up efforts to pin down how hackers pulled off one of the world's biggest cyber heists.
The inspection, launched at 8 a.m. on Friday (2300 GMT Thursday), focused on compensation for customers, financial conditions and system management at the exchange, and Coincheck's efforts on consumer protection, a senior FSA official said.
Coincheck has said the virtual coins were stored in a “hot wallet” instead of the more secure “cold wallet,” which operates on platforms not directly connected to the internet. The exchange was also not using an extra layer of security known as a multi-signature system.
The regulator's knowledge of flaws in Coincheck's systems before the theft will likely draw further focus on Japan's approach to regulating cryptocurrency exchanges.
Japan last year became the first country to regulate exchanges at the national level - a move that won praise for boosting innovation and protecting consumers, contrasting sharply with crackdowns in South Korea and China.
The theft highlights the vulnerabilities in trading an asset that policymakers are struggling to regulate, as well as the broader risks for Japan as it aims to leverage the fintech industry to stimulate economic growth.
The FSA earlier this week issued a business improvement order to Coincheck and said it would investigate all cryptocurrency exchanges in Japan for security gaps following the hack.
The regulator said on Friday it had ordered all cryptocurrency exchanges to submit a report on their system risk management.
FILE PHOTO: Cryptocurrency exchange Coincheck's signboard is pictured in front of a building where their office is located, in Tokyo, Japan January 29, 2018. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo
Coincheck had been ordered to submit a report on the hack and measures for preventing a recurrence by Feb. 13. But Friday's surprise inspection was conducted ahead of the deadline to “ensure protection of users,” Finance Minister Taro Aso told reporters.
The FSA has already conducted an interview-based hearing with Coincheck but questions remain, a source with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters on Friday.
In 2014, Tokyo-based Mt. Gox, which once handled 80 percent of the world's bitcoin trades, filed for bankruptcy after losing bitcoins worth nearly half a billion dollars to a hacking attack. More recently, South Korean cryptocurrency exchange Youbit shut down and filed for bankruptcy after being hacked twice last year.
INVESTIGATIONS
Coincheck said on Sunday it would repay about 46.3 billion yen ($425 million) of the virtual money. The FSA has said it had yet to confirm whether the company had sufficient funds for the reimbursement.
Coincheck has turned over communication records to police in Tokyo investigating the heist, the Nikkei business daily said on Thursday. A Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department spokesman declined to comment.
Authorities in several countries are also investigating last week's heist involving the NEM cryptocurrency, a member of the foundation behind the digital coin said on Thursday.
Last year's explosive rise in the value of digital coins and the flood of new retail investors drawn to the market have rattled global regulators nervous about a sector used largely for speculation. Officials have said cryptocurrencies are used by criminals to launder money.
Bitcoin, the world's largest cryptocurrency, skidded 11 percent on Thursday to its lowest since November, as a Facebook ban on cryptocurrency adverts and a growing regulatory backlash against the nascent market frightened investors.
Bitcoin extended its slide to $8,639 on Friday after skidding a day earlier to as low as $9,022 on the Luxembourg-based Bitstamp exchange, less than half the peak price of almost $20,000 it reached in December.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool were left ruing the form of Jermain Defoe, as the Sunderland striker struck twice to hand David Moyes' side a share of the spoils at the Stadium of Light.
Jurgen Klopp's men continued their chase of league leaders Chelsea but were unable to take all three points from their trip to the north east, thanks to the veteran striker, who struck his 10th and 11th goals of the season.
Liverpool had twice taken the lead, first thanks to Daniel Sturridge's flicked header, and then Sadio Mane's close range effort.
But the Black Cats showed - two days after a dismal display at Burnley - that they're prepared to fight for their Premier League lives.
So who impressed? Who didn't? Here are Simon Bird's player ratings from the north east:
(Photo: Reuters)
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
Sunderland
Vito Mannone 8 MOTM
Facing a few weeks in goal with Pickford injured. Made some excellent saves
Donald Love 6
Some robust clearances and kept it simple in face of Liverpool passing game
John O'Shea 6
Organised and still going despite the advancing years.
Papy Djilobodji 6
Lost Lovren at the corner from which Liverpool opened the scoring
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
Patrick Van Aanholt 6
Had a couple of shots that tested Mignolet as he pushed forward.
Fabio Borini 6
Adds energy to the attack after his injury earlier in the season
Jack Rodwell 7
Left the foot in a couple of times but also got some good shots off. Booked.
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
Didier Ndong 7
Won penalty by bursting into box and was Sunderland's best player.
Seb Larsson 7
Played wide on the left of a midfield four and had hands full with Clyne. Booked.
Adnan Januzaj 7
Defence splitting pass to release Defoe in on goal, but striker was smothered
Jermain Defoe 7
Another two goals from the goal machine who now has 11 for the season.
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
Subs: Manquillo (Rodwell 64), Khazri (Januzaj 77)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Share this video Watch Next
Liverpool
Simon Mignolet 7
Great save at the feet of Jermain Defoe to stop Sunderland taking the lead.
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
Nathaniel Clyne 6
Gave Sunderland nightmares with his pace down the right.
Ragnar Klavan 6
Conceded the penalty that let Sunderland back into the game.
Dejan Lovren 6
His volley set up Sturridge for the opener. Kept busy by Defoe's movement.
James Milner 6
Such a versatile player, and making left back look like his natural position. Subbed at half-time. Booked.
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
Emre Can 6
Sweeping role in front of defence and played it well, launching attacks with his passes.
Georginio Wijnaldum 6
Needs a few more goals - despite the weekend - but caused problems drifting around in front of defence
Sadio Mane 7
Loads of running power and energy from one of the signings of the season. Scored the Reds second. Booked.
(Photo: Liverpool FC via Getty)
Adam Lallana 6
Not as influential as in recent games but has been a star performer in first half of season. Booked.
Roberto Firmino 5
Couple of shots but not too effective against a deep lying defence
Daniel Sturridge 7
Excellent flicked header capped a fine individual show - but was replaced with an injury late on.
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
Subs: Moreno (Milner 45), Origi (Wijnaldum 73), Lucas (Sturridge 80)
A defeated Progressive Conservative nomination candidate has filed a lawsuit against the party alleging fraud at a selection meeting last month in Hamilton.Vikram Singh, a lawyer and a runner-up in the four-contestant May 7 PC nomination in Hamilton West-Ancaster-Dundas, has gone to court seeking to overturn the election won by Ben Levitt.Singh has named Tory Leader Patrick Brown, party president Rick Dykstra, PC executive director Bob Stanley, and staffer Logan Bugeja in the suit filed with the Ontario Court of Justice in Hamilton on Tuesday.He is seeking “an order quashing the June 3 decision by Patrick Brown, leader of the PC Party to terminate (his) internal appeal of the nomination proceedings.”Claiming party brass showed “bad faith” and contravened the PC constitution, Singh is demanding that he be declared the Hamilton West-Ancaster-Dundas nominee for the June 7, 2018 provincial election or that another nomination meeting be held.Article Continued BelowHis allegations, which have not been proven in court, include the claim that there was a “wrongful insertion of false ballots” at the six-hour candidate election and that problems at the meeting's credentials desk hurt his candidacy.“Singh was the true winner of the nomination contest . . . if . . . not for the wrongful electoral irregularities,” his suit alleges.Jeff Peller, another runner-up in the May 7 vote, who is not part of the suit, has also expressed concern about what he called “a sideshow masquerading as a democratic process.”
Barely an hour after playing the Indian Wells final on Sunday, champion Naomi Osaka and her beaten rival Daria Kasatkina were ensconced in a private jet, destination Miami.
When asked earlier if she planned to speak with Kasatkina during the flight, Osaka told the press: "I don't know how to start conversations. ... I don't know what you're supposed to say to someone you haven't really talked to before. I just think it would be cool to talk to her."
Kasatkina, who ended up on the short end of the 6-3, 6-2 scoreline, had a less lofty concern, quipping: "I hope we will get to Miami without any fights during the flight."
Editor's Picks Gentle giant? Spoiler? Nope, Indian Wells champ Juan Martin del Potro is a beast A gentle giant? Pfft. Juan Martin del Potro showed he might be the heavyweight champ of the tennis universe with a smash-mouth win against Roger Federer in the final of Indian Wells.
Osaka claims first career title at Indian Wells Naomi Osaka needed just 70 minutes to dispatch Daria Kasatkina 6-3, 6-2 on Sunday to win the BNP Paribas Open in a matchup of 20-year-old rising stars.
Sharapova withdraws from Miami Open Five-time Grand Slam champion Maria Sharapova has withdrawn from the Miami Open that begins next week because of a left forearm injury. 2 Related
The brace of 20-year-olds would be wise to save their combative urges for the back end of the Sunshine Double, which starts in Miami this week. The old guard in the WTA is certain to be little miffed after the youngsters wrecked the pecking order. Kasatkina was speaking for Osaka -- as well as Jelena Ostapenko -- when she declared, after her semifinal win over Venus Williams on Saturday at Indian Wells, "We are coming ... very soon."
Like, today soon?
Osaka and Kastakina have plenty of momentum, as well as the physical reserves of youth, to draw on despite their whirlwind 10 days in the California desert. Their parallel efforts drove the needle deep into the red on the WTA Threat-o-Meter. While both players have been on the radar of talent scouts for some time now, it's rare to see two youngsters break out at the same event -- and meet in the final.
It wasn't just that Osaka, who was unseeded, and Kasatkina, a lowly No. 28 roared out of nowhere to make the final; it was how they did it. They knocked off a combined total of five Grand Slam champions (Kasatkina accounted for four of them); only three of their combined 11 opponents have yet to play a Grand Slam final.
Osaka's maturity in this final was a revelation, given her tendency to lose concentration and control of her big game. "I wasn't really trying to hit hard today," Osaka told reporters. "I felt it would be better for her to take my pace. So i just wanted her to do whatever she wanted to do, and I was just going to sit back and see what she does. I wasn't that aggressive today, I was just more consistent."
It was like watching a callow teenager grow up overnight.
But there will be a familiar cast of champions awaiting these two in Miami. The group will be headed by the Williams sisters, who have known spectacular success on Key Biscayne. The Crandon Park Tennis Center is the closest thing the sisters have to a home court, given its proximity to their family compound in Palm Beach Gardens. Between them, the sisters have won the Miami Open 11 times (Serena bagged eight of those titles).
Venus and Serena no longer have anything to prove to anyone. Nevertheless, they have ambitions and their real-time reputations are on the line. Serena is trying to jump-start another comeback and Venus could sorely use a big win: she's playing inspired tennis at age 37 and, in recent months, climbed to her highest ranking (No.5) since 2010. But she hasn't actually won a title in over two years. The hard courts of Miami offer the best opportunity to break the hex.
Juan Martin Del Potro was close to quitting tennis after four wrist surgeries in recent years, the Argentine fought to get back to the ATP Tour and now beat Roger Federer in the men's final at Indian Wells. Photo by Matthew Stockman/Getty Images
Roger Federer, that other ageless wonder, won't be under comparable duress at Miami. The Indian Wells final loss on Sunday to Juan Martin del Potro was his first in 108 days, and ended his 17-match winning streak -- the best start of his career. It was an epic men's final, a rough and gritty two-hour-and-40-minute slugfest in which Federer let slip three match points.
"It should sting for a bit," Federer, 36, said. "The question is, how long? Obviously there is not too much time to dwell over it."
If anything, the loss might whet Federer's appetite for retribution in Miami. But there will be a different vibe there. The Miami Open has a heavy Central and South American fan base, in direct contrast to the Rogerphiles who flocked to Indian Wells. There will be much Delpo-love on Biscayne Bay.
It's been a long road back from injury for del Potro, and nobody appreciates his journey more than Federer. The Swiss said:
"He put himself out there, with no double-hander [backhand] almost," Federer said. "Just happy to slice and still take losses. He knew it was going to be enough against some players, but he was happy enough playing this way, which I admire a lot."
The 6-foot-6 Argentine has beaten Federer just seven times in 25 tries, but he's now 4-2 against Federer in finals.
Del Potro won back his place among the ATP elites this weekend, and in a nick of time. His record on the year has risen to a Federer-esque 17-3, which makes him the ATP's de facto No. 2 no matter what the rankings say.
"I am still shaking," Del Potro told ESPN's Brad Gilbert on court immediately after he won the final. "I was so nervous."
It's the rest of the ATP that ought to be nervous now.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Chiefs linebacker Derrick Johnson said he was confident he would be ready for full participation when Kansas City begins training camp this summer.
Johnson's season ended in December when he tore his Achilles tendon in a game against the Oakland Raiders.
"If I'm not 100 percent, there will be some kind of setback," Johnson said Monday as the Chiefs began their organized offseason workout program. "The main objective is to come into camp and get my work done and start training my eyes again.
"I'll be well enough. It'll probably be 7½ months by the time camp comes around so I'll be able to do everything."
Having Johnson, who turns 35 in November, healthy and in their lineup when the season begins has been a goal for the Chiefs. Johnson, a four-time Pro Bowl selection, has been a solid and at times spectacular player for Kansas City for years against both the run and the pass.
The Chiefs have no obvious candidate to replace Johnson as an every-down producer at inside linebacker.
Man To Plead Guilty To Buying Weapons Used In San Bernardino Attack
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bill Robles/AP Bill Robles/AP
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, Calif., is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack, and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges.
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit:
In his plea, Marquez admits that his friend, Syed Rizwan Farook, paid him for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015. That's when Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center. Marquez also admits he conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College (RCC) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California. Those plans never materialized.
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said, "While his earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center."
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it.
He did acknowledge that he was a "straw buyer" when he purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack.
According to a Justice Department statement:
"Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country," said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden. "It is purchases like Marquez's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino. The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form. It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community. In this case, the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack."
Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack, told The Associated Press that Marquez's plea agreement brought mixed emotions:
"It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day," the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said. "I'm relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it." She said she planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact her boyfriend's killing has had on her. In his last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding her from the bullets. "It is what it is," she said. "Nothing's going to bring him back."
Marquez is expected to formally enter his guilty pleas Thursday morning.
He has been in custody since he was ordered detained at his initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17, 2015.
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison.
Source: Grain deliveries hit 540 000t | The Herald August 14, 2017
George Maponga Masvingo Bureau
Grain deliveries to the Grain Marketing Board have hit 540 000 tonnes, with an additional 100 satellite depots having been opened countrywide to stock grain from the bumper harvest realised in the just-ended farming season.
The development comes as most GMB silos in places such as Lions' Den, Concession and Chegutu have already filled up with maize delivered by farmers.
Zimbabwe is this year expecting an aggregate over four million tonnes of food crops after a successful farming season that was anchored on the Government's Command Agriculture, which saw farmers receiving agricultural inputs support from the State on loan.
Tens of thousands of rural farmers also received inputs support through the Presidential Inputs Support Scheme, which targets mainly communal A1 farmers who get seed and fertilisers for free.
Agriculture, Mechanisation and Irrigation Development Deputy Minister Davis Marapira revealed that over 500 000 tonnes of maize had been delivered to GMB depots to date.
Deputy Minister Marapira said grain deliveries were expected to intensify this month as most of the maize had reached the required moisture content level of 12,5 percent.
‘“Most GMB silos in areas such as Concession, Lions' Den, Chegutu and Banket have now filled up with maize delivered by farmers and we have since started moving some of the maize to other smaller depots to create space for more deliveries,'' he said.
“We have also since engaged millers to start collecting maize from these depots that have filled up so that we create space for more maize as more deliveries continue to come.''
Deputy Minister Marapira said Government was working flat out to make sure there were enough grain bags to pack the maize pending delivery to GMB.
“Grain bags are coming from South Africa and we hope to have sufficient stocks to meet demand from farmers,” he said. “By September, we hope that GMB would have collected more than one million tonnes of maize, because we expect deliveries to pick up beginning this month as most of the grain has attained the required moisture content level of 12,5 percent.''
Deputy Minister Marapira said that more GMB satellite depots to collect maize from farmers will continue to be opened as and when it was necessary.
“We were lucky that over the past three weeks, most parts of the country recorded high temperatures, which expedited the drying of maize that was already in the fields,” he said. “Most of our farmers also managed to acquire grain dryers, so we are now expecting grain deliveries to pick up.''
Police, he said, had impounded Zimbabwe-bound trucks laden with maize that was coming from Zambia, saying that it was a clear sign that Government was strict on the maize importation ban.
He said the trucks would be released, after it emerged that they were carrying GMB maize that was purchased from Zambia, but delivered late.
“We have since established that the trucks were carrying GMB maize,” said Deputy Minister Marapira. “That maize is State property and the trucks will be released.
“The maize was paid for by GMB, but delivered late after we had already stopped importation of maize in February. Government is serious on the maize import ban and no grain imports will be accepted.”
The Command Agriculture programme is credited for turning around the country's agricultural fortunes, with Zimbabwe this year expecting to bank in over 2,1 million tonnes of the staple maize crop.
This will make the country self-sufficient in food for the first time in years as it used to rely on food imports.
Having launched many restaurants, including Benares in the UK, Atul Kochhar has now set his sights on an adventure. Towards the end of the year, from 9-19 December, the London-based chef will be off to Antarctica on a private charter cruise organized by The Q Experiences, a Mumbai-based luxury travel company, as the on-board executive chef. With over a hundred Indians expected on the cruise—half of the total on board—he believes the 11-day experience will be a challenge.
Kochhar was in Mumbai last month to tweak the menu at one of his restaurants, Lima, and take stock of the other, NRI—Not Really Indian, both in the Bandra-Kurla Complex.
Edited excerpts from an interview:
How do you prepare for a cruise?
I have been told there are a lot of vegetarians (on board). We have to rely a lot on frozen (raw food), which is the next best thing to fresh. Vegetables will be bought on the last day before we set off. All these are logistics but you need to plan months in advance to find the ingredients.
What's on the menu?
It's a large cycle of two weeks. You have to cater for three meals (a day) and sometimes an Indian-inspired high tea as well. What we can't do is use any charcoal, though roasting is allowed. There will be lots of salads, dal and vegetables, meat and fish curries. I will have a spin on things. Like, I will take chicken breast, marinate, grill it and cook it in korma sauce with nice accompanying vegetables.
We need to provide 600 calories per meal, the korma will give 300 and the rest has to be planned cleverly so you don't feel bloated. I know that if I am not feeling full, I have not eaten. So you need enough carbs (carbohydrates) on the side.
The idea is to be creative and bring in the classics as well.
Kheema Mutter Tacos.
What are some of the things you are making on board?
One of them is a chicken coronation—I am almost British now, you know (he has been living in London for 23 years). Then, there's chicken tikka masala pie. I am also planning vegetarian versions of these, so people can have fun at high tea with quirky dishes. I will have pickled venison samosa, duck samosa...to give vegetarians a burst of protein, quinoa samosa.
We will have a beetroot burger mixed with quinoa. It gives the sense of a meaty burger. As you cut into the burger, this also bleeds. We made a beetroot ketchup, which is stuffed into the burger and it bursts out. From south India, we will use Chettinad flavours, like in crab cakes—it has sharp flavours of kalpasi (black stone flower, a type of fungus). We serve it with a lemon-butter sauce, which is European. Also, we are doing a Chettinad chicken, but rather than curry, I'm thinking of making it a roulade with Chettinad spice broth, cabbage foogath and lemon rice.
I have assumed 40% (of the Indian travellers) would be non-vegetarians, 60% vegetarian—cooking non-vegetarian is incredibly easy, vegetarian is the tough part. It takes more effort and you have to be more creative. No two meals will be the same and no dish will be repeated. So that's over a hundred different preparations. If I have rajma (red kidney beans), for example, I might boil it for the next three days and use it over a week. I could make a burger (rajma and coconut), rajma masala and rajma chawal. I could spice it differently, with flavours from the north, or tweak with some flavours from the south.
White Chocolate Brownie.
How would you manage the spiciness of the food?
I will do a boring thing, which I do in my Michelin-starred restaurant (Benares) and I hope people will forgive me for that. What I do is (put out) chilli pickles, chilli paste and chilli sauce.
Will you be able to take special requests?
We are two-and-a-half chefs (him, an assistant and a helper) cooking for 100 people. There will be limitations. If it's a dietary requirement, then definitely. “Can you make me chapatis of a certain kind?” I cannot.
Will you experiment with recipes on board?
We might have an eureka moment and create something—often, mistakes are eureka moments. We Indians are conservative with our food. I don't think I want to try anything quirky or give them something that will ruin their experience. We are being adventurous enough to go to Antarctica.
What will be the challenges?
If things get left out, that's a massive challenge. Or some critical ingredient we are not able to get. A lot depends on the water as well. Nobody knows how the water in that part of the world works with spices
Zolani “Last Born” Tete deservedly walked away with the most sought-after Boxing South Africa 2017 Boxer of the Year award at the Boardwalk Casino in Port Elizabeth on Friday night.
As if Tete's recognition for his big achievement – taking the interim WBO bantamweight title when he befuddled Filipino Arthur Villanueva of the Philippines in the UK in April last year – were not enough‚ the 29-year-old smart left-hander from Mdantsane also took home the Special Achievement Award.
The award recognised Tete winning the WBO title – which is one of the top four‚ the other being the WBC‚ WBA and IBF – but even more having won it outside South Africa.
Tete‚ the former undefeated IBF junior bantamweight holder‚ was later handed the actual WBO belt for his win against Villanueva.
The belt was achieved after Marlon Tapales had defeated Shohei Omori for the same title‚ but Tapales‚ also from the Philippines‚ failed to make the weight during the weigh-in and forfeited the title.
Tapales's fight against Omori went ahead and the ruling was that if he won‚ the title would remain vacant‚ but if Omori won he would be crowned.
After Tapales's victory the WBO championship committee took a decision to upgrade Tete's status as the WBO holder‚ while the South African was on his flight back home.
Tete followed up with a first round‚ 11 seconds knockout win against Siboniso “Tiger” Gonya in Belfast. His knockout broke all the records in the world of boxing as the quickest world title defence.
But Tete's history-making knockout did not win him the award because it happened outside Boxing SA's 2017 period under review‚ which was October 1‚ 2016 to October 31‚ 2017.
Tete – nominated for the award with Thulani “Evolution” Mbenge‚ Azinga “Golden Boy” Fuzile and Kevin “Two Guns” Lerena – is guided in the UK by promoter Frank Warren.
“I want to dedicate these awards to my parents‚ my brother Makazole‚ my manager and my trainers‚” the boxer said.
“At some stage I wanted to quit this sport but my manager‚ Mlandeli Tengimfene‚ and Ayanda Matiti said I should not because (they said) there is talent in me‚ and I went on to win three world titles. I thank them from the bottom of my heart.”
In the female section current WBF bantamweight champion Bukiwe “Anaconda” Nonina lifted the Boxer of the Year trophy.
Other nominees were Mapule “Thunder” Ngubane and Noni “She Bee Stinging” Tenge.
Other winners:
Male prospect of the year: ABU lightweight champion Lunga Sitemela
Female prospect of the year: Smangele “Smash” Radebe
Female ring official of the year: Pumeza Zinakile
Male ring official of the year: Deon Dwarte
Male Fight of the Year: IBO junior bantamweight championship between Gideon “Hardcore” Buthelezi and Angel Aviles
Female Fight of the Year: WBF junior middleweight bout between holder Noni Tenge and Mapule Ngubane
Knockout of the Year: IBF Youth featherweight champion Lerato “Lights Out” Dlamini against Sinethemba Bam
Most Promising Promoter of the Year: Shereen Hunter of Combat Sport and Events
Promoter of the Year: Ayanda Matiti of Xaba Promotions and Events
Trainer of the Year: Colin Nathan
Manager of the Year: Mlandeli Tengimfene of the Winners Boxing Club
Matchmaker of the Year: Luyanda Kana
Media Award of the Year: James Gradidge of n-Squared
Special Achievement Award: Joy Greyvestein (female fan) and Nick Lourens (independent photographer)
Lifetime Achivement Award: Mzimasi Mnguni‚ Basil Rice‚ Elijah “Tap Tap” Makhathini‚ Derrick Watson (posthumously) and Archie Jonas
Twitter is fighting to disclose how many times the government has secretly accessed its users' data — and a judge may soon allow the company to do so. Twitter's fight has been ongoing since 2014, and the company recently saw progress when it was allowed to publish two national security letters.
The government uses national security letters (NSLs) to extract user data from tech companies that are often unwilling to hand it over without a legal fight.
The letters are not reviewed by a judge and are instead issued directly by the FBI. They're also often accompanied by indefinite gag orders that prevent companies from ever disclosing that they received the letters, or notifying their users that they were targeted for surveillance.
In a somewhat similar case, Microsoft is challenging the constitutionality of gag orders accompanying warrants.
Twitter argued today that it should be allowed to describe the number of NSLs it receives from the government in greater detail. Twitter and other tech companies are currently allowed to disclose these numbers in ranges of 500, and although Twitter was allowed last month to reveal it had received two national security letters, the company can only list these letters in its semiannual transparency report in a range of 0 – 499 — an intentionally vague arrangement.
Twitter's attorney, Lee Rubin, said today that the disclosure limitations created an “Orwellian situation” for the company and hindered its First Amendment right to speak freely about the letters it receives.
The Justice Department's argument to counter is that allowing Twitter to disclose more specific numbers about the numbers of national security letters it receives would jeopardize national security by giving America's adversaries too much information about when and how the government surveils Twitter users. Julia Berman, an attorney for the Justice Department, argued that the FBI doesn't need to justify the secrecy around national security letters on a case-by-case basis because even aggregate disclosure could harm investigations.
Rubin dismissed the government argument that specificity about NSLs would harm national security. “Transparency reports show trends where the government has used well-known monitoring and surveillance tactics. It shows, already, all of the trends anyone could possibly want to know of whether one provider is less monitored or more monitored,” he said.
Remember, this is not about disclosing the precise requests or the users targeted, simply the number of requests received.
Rubin, however, faced blunt questions from U.S. District Court Judge Yvonne Gonzalez Rogers and may have even set Twitter's case back when he interrupted Berman's statements. This triggered a pet peeve of Judge Gonzalez Rogers (and women everywhere) who has spoken publicly about her frustration with male lawyers who interrupt their female counterparts. “It's entirely inappropriate to do that,” she chastised Rubin. “I don't know if you do it because she's younger or because she's a woman.”
Rubin later apologized for cutting Berman off.
The case stems from a 2013 transparency report that Twitter wanted to publish, in which it presumably included specific numbers about the number of national security letters it received. The government declared that, as written, the transparency report was classified and could not be made public. Twitter sued the Justice Department in 2014, challenging the classification of the transparency report.
“Twitter remains unsatisfied with restrictions on our right to speak more freely about national security requests we may receive. We continue to push for the legal ability to speak more openly on this topic in our lawsuit against the U.S. government, Twitter v. Lynch,” Twitter's associate general counsel Elizabeth Banker wrote in a blog post last month. “We continue to believe that reporting in government-mandated bands does not provide meaningful transparency to the public or those using our service.”
This case is one in a long line of battles Twitter has fought over more transparent reporting of government requests. And even if it wins, this is still a tiny translucent chip off of the opaque obelisk that is the government's security apparatus.
Judge Gonzalez Rogers is expected to rule soon on whether or not Twitter should be allowed access to more information about how the government decided to classify the transparency report.
Gold and Guns from Schiff Gold
It's no secret that 2017 was a down year for the precious metals market in the United States. Looking at US Mint sales figures tells the story. In 2016, the mint sold nearly 1 million ounces of American Gold Eagles. Sales figures in 2017 came in at just over 302,000 ounces.
Meanwhile, demand for gold surged in China last year. Imports of gold into India increased. So, what's up with America?
In two words – Donald Trump.
As ETF analyst Doug Eberhardt pointed out in a recent article he penned for Seeking Alpha, there's no secret who buys gold in the United States. Where do you see and hear the most advertisements for gold and silver? Fox News and conservative talk radio. In other words, Trump voters buy gold – at least when Democrats are in office.
But right now, those people aren't buying gold. They're optimistic about the economy. They believe tax cuts, decreased regulations and Trump trade policies will spur economic growth. Generally speaking, optimistic people don't think about buying precious metals. They should. But they don't.
Do you know what else optimistic people don't buy?
Guns.
Gun sales have also fallen off a cliff over the last year. Bloomberg ran an article last month highlighting lackluster firearms sales over the holiday season.
The sluggishness in sales is due in part to a lack of fear on the part of gun enthusiasts. Now that Republicans who typically oppose gun regulation control Congress and the White House, even rushes on gun stores (and increases in gun stocks) have slowed in the wake of mass shootings.”
American Outdoor brands (formerly Smith and Wesson) CEO James Debney told Bloomberg, “There is is no fear-based buying out there right now,” and he noted deep discounts now serve as the primary driver in the firearms market.
Take a look at the stock price of American Outdoor. (Graph courtesy of Doug Eberhardt.) It's a pretty striking visual representation of what a Trump presidency has meant for the gun market.
So, we see a pattern here. Guns and gold are both out of fashion right now.
Is this wise?
Peter Schiff says it isn't – at least not as far as gold goes. Over the last year, he's repeated this theme over and over – the optimism is unwarranted. Nobody is worried about anything, even though there is everything to be worried about. In a podcast earlier this week, he said he felt like he was in Alice and Wonderland. Then he threw a bucket of cold water on the economic optimists.
Even this summer, Peter was warning people about getting caught up in unbridled optimism, at the time noting the slumping gold market in America.
You have the opposite of a bubble in gold. Certainly, if you look at the United States, Americans are buying less gold now than they've done since the bull market began in 1999 – 2000. Sales from the US Mint have collapsed. At SchiffGold, we just had our weakest quarter since the company has been in existence. And it's not just my firm. It's industry-wide. Americans are not buying gold, even though gold prices year-to-date are up more than the S&P 500. But the people who typically buy gold in America voted for Trump, and they're no longer worried about the economy. So they're not buying gold. They're buying stocks instead, and I think they're making a big mistake. They should be selling their stocks and buying even more gold.”
The central bankers have built a house of cards. It doesn't take much of a breeze to topple such a thing. As Eberhardt said, “At some point, the price of gold will move up no matter who is in office or who controls Congress. All government knows how to do is spend. And history shows that over time, gold and silver maintain purchasing power, and it makes sense to own some as insurance.”
Trump's presence in the Oval Office doesn't change that on iota.
Sharing is caring!
BRUSSELS, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Euro zone producer prices rose less than expected in December, slightly undershooting market expectations because of a sharp slowdown in the rise of energy prices, data from the European Union's statistics office Eurostat showed on Friday.
Eurostat said prices at factory gates rose only 0.2 percent month-on-month in December, slowing from a 0.6 percent increase in November.
Economists polled by Reuters had expected a monthly rise of 0.3 percent. Energy price growth in the month slowed to just 0.1 percent from 2.3 percent in November.
Year-on-year, producer prices rose 2.2 percent in the last month of 2017, slowing from 2.8 percent the month before and falling short of market expectations of a 2.3 percent rise.
Unless cushioned by intermediaries and retailers, producer prices are usually transmitted to consumers and are the key influence on headline inflation that the European Central Bank wants to keep below, but close to 2 percent.
Consumer inflation slowed to 1.3 percent year-on-year in January from 1.4 percent in December and 1.5 percent in November, mainly because of a sharp slowdown in energy price rises. (Reporting By Jan Strupczewski; editing by Philip Blenkinsop)
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
RAWALPINDI, Aug 14 (APP): Pakistan Army Museum near General Headquarters
(GHQ) remained opened for general public on Monday on the eve of “Azadi” celebrations.
According to an Inter Services Public Relations (ISPR) statement issued
here, a large number of people from all walks of life visited the museum and took keen interest in it various galleries.
The museum besides preserving history of Pakistan Army also serves as
a source of inspiration and information for the visitors. Its galleries depict diverse facets, including Fight Against Terrorism, Shuhada Corner, Nishan-e-Haider Gallery, Kashmir Corner, Indo-Pak War Story, various Arms and Services of Pakistan Army and Army contributions to the United Nation for peace-keeping efforts.
The summer movie season has arrived — bringing with it the usual panoply of blockbusters, spectacular action and eye-popping visual effects. And, as always, supporting this groundswell of big-budget extravaganzas, such as this year's “Solo: A Star Wars Story” and “Avengers: Infinity War,” is the specialized work of thousands of highly skilled visual effects artists and technicians.
But somewhat counterintuitively, even though many of these films are breaking box office records, the effects houses that create this magic are struggling.
“It's an incredibly competitive industry,” explains Kelly Port, a visual effects supervisor at VFX house Digital Domain, who worked on “Infinity War.” “For as much money that's spent on visual effects, it's an incredibly low-margin business.”
That's partly because state-of-the-art effects work is hugely labor-intensive; it can take a massive crew eight months to a year of full-time work to finish one film. Such a large investment of time and financial resources can be difficult to recoup because fierce competition for plum gigs on blockbusters drives prices way down.
Related Korea Box Office: 'Believer' Wins as 'Solo' Opens Fourth China Box Office: 'Solo' Opens Third Behind 'How Long' and 'Avengers'
When visual effects houses pitch the studios, they explain what they can offer and what it will cost. And of course, if a competitor is selling the same effects for a lower price, that firm is likely to be awarded the job. “Sometimes companies are so desperate for work that they'll go lower than they think the work will actually cost,” Port says. “That hurts the industry. The margins are too thin already.”
The sheer volume of effects work being produced today would have been unimaginable 20 years ago. To put it in perspective, Port cites “Titanic,” which he worked on in 1997, when it was considered a cutting-edge blockbuster. The film had a total of about 300 VFX shots. “Infinity War,” by comparison, has more than 3,000 — a number that's become an industry norm.
And it's not just tentpoles. “Everyone can use visual effects now,” says Simon Stanley-Clamp, a visual effects supervisor at VFX studio Cinesite. “It used to be just the big shows. Now anyone from independent films to Netflix series has access to visual effects. They're everywhere.”
More work means more workers: The field of VFX artistry has expanded enormously. “When I started in the '90s, there were 300 effects artists, and you'd know all of them by name,” says Clamp. “Now there are 300 artists sitting here with me in this building.”
With margins so thin, timelines so tight and quality benchmarks so high, these artists are often under considerable pressure. Long hours and overtime are standard, especially when a release date looms and shots still need tinkering. “There's an incredible push near the end of projects to get them out on time,” says Kyle McCulloch, a visual effects supervisor with Framestore who worked on “Thor: Ragnarok” and “Beauty and the Beast.” “We tend to be delivering shots right up until the final weeks before distribution. I've delivered shots with a week to go before a film hits theaters.”
Cutting it close is tough, McCulloch says, but necessary when studios demand it. That's how shops like Framestore build and maintain their standing. “We trade on our reputation,” says McCulloch. “We have to be confident that we can deliver a large quantity of work at a high level of quality very quickly.”
It's not up to individual companies, however, to handle all the effects on a single picture. There's simply too much work to be done on an “Avengers” or “Star Wars,” and too much risk for the studio in putting all its visual effects eggs in one basket.
“Studios would be scared [to depend on a single VFX house] so they spread the big sequences across five or six different vendors,” says Stanley-Clamp. If one shop drops the ball or goes under — as Rhythm & Hues famously did after its Oscar win for 2012's “Life of Pi” — the studio isn't left scrambling for a last-minute replacement.
With the rise of big-budget cable shows like HBO's “Game of Thrones” and high-end streaming series from the likes of Netflix, top-of-the-line visual effects are typical on the small screen. And over the past couple of years, TV shows have also begun to spread their demanding VFX work across multiple vendors.
“The TV side wasn't always like this. … It's gotten so big that it's fractured,” says Luke Groves, a visual effects producer at effects studio Mr. X. “Companies like us have to take on more shows because we're only doing small portions of each of them. That can be a tricky thing to manage.”
The result is a greater variety of work for artists, who often have to juggle three or four projects at once. That means VFX pros have less time to master the look of specific effects: Instead of working on a single show set in, say, outer space, a house like Mr. X might be working on one set in space, one in a jungle and one underwater, all with different effects and needs. “Where we would normally do one show, we now have to do portions of five unique shows,” Groves says. “It can be hard to deliver the highest-quality work across so many different projects.”
Still, Groves is quick to point out that there's no downside to the company having a lot to do. Rather it's a matter of “having to pivot to manage bite-sized portions of work and doing enough of it to fill budget caps.”
As the balancing act for VFX houses continues, things will only get harder for artists. “Shorter schedules but still at the highest quality possible; can we manage that much work under one roof at one time?” Groves asks.
There can really be only one answer.
A busy road in St Werburghs is closed after a collision between a cyclist and a car.
The incident was reported by a member of the public just after 9am on Wednesday, July 4.
A person is believed to have been taken to hospital after the crash in Sevier Street.
Pictures from the scene, taken at around 10am, show the bike under the front wheel of the car and a police cordon in place.
A member of the public said: "[I saw] the bike to the side of the car, kind of underneath. I didn't see the injured cyclist.
"A lot of paramedics and emergency response vehicles. I had just cycled to Tesco in Easton and came back the same way so it happened very recently."
Avon and Somerset Police officers remain on the scene.
Bristol Live has approached the ambulance service for further details.
Scroll down for updates on this incdient.
Detwiler's in Palmetto is scheduled to open at the end of June or the first of July. Over 100 jobs will be created, and the business is having a job fair next Thursday.
FRANKFURT/LONDON (Reuters) - Several bidders, including Liberty Global, are preparing offers for TV production company Endemol Shine, maker of classic reality show ‘Big Brother' and the dystopian ‘Black Mirror' dramas, before an initial deadline next week.
FILE PHOTO: A Big Brother eye seen in the Big Brother house in Elstree, Hertfordshire, which the National trust will open to the public for two days this weekend, September 26, 2013. REUTERS/Olivia Harris/File Photo
ITV, RTL Group's FremantleMedia and Lions Gate Entertainment are also eyeing Netherlands-based Endemol, sources close to the matter said, in a deal that comes as the rise of streaming giants Netflix and Amazon Prime has thrown the industry into turmoil.
The sellers are aiming for a price tag of between 2.5 and 3 billion euros ($2.9-$3.5 billion), said one banker familiar with the process, but this may prove ambitious with bids expected to be in the 2-2.5 billion euro range.
That works out at roughly 10 times core earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA), which a second banker said would be the most the seller could hope to get.
A source close to one potential buyer said Endemol's catalog was heavy with ageing formats, making it potentially less attractive than buying small production outfits and working directly with top creative talent.
This person, who like other sources spoke on condition of anonymity, also said Endemol carried sizable debts and had already gone through a round of cost cutting, meaning the potential for synergies with an acquirer might be limited.
“We're interested, yes, but skeptical,” this person said. “Is Endemol really a creative company any more? It's financially weak.”
Endemol declined to comment. Its owners, private equity firm Apollo Global and Rupert Murdoch's Twenty-First Century Fox, did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
HUNGER FOR QUALITY
The sale comes as traditional TV players need more quality scripted serials to fill their fledgling video-on-demand services, with binge-watching online viewers less likely to be satisfied with their staple fare of reality and lifestyle shows.
It also creates an opening for Liberty, the U.S. telecoms and pay-TV company built by John Malone, to leverage its distribution expertise and assets.
Liberty may bid for Endemol via All3Media, the production joint venture it owns together with Discovery Inc, CEO Mike Fries said at a recent industry gathering.
“It would be surprising if we didn't look at it through All3Media,” Fries told C21 Media, adding Liberty would continue to “get its feet wet” through content deals.
Discovery, for its part, has joined forces with Germany's ProSiebenSat 1 Media to build a German streaming TV platform and has invited others to join.
France's Banijay Group, in which Vivendi owns a minority stake, may also join the contest for Endemol, another source said.
Liberty, Discovery, ITV, Banijay, Vivendi and RTL - controlled by Germany's Bertelsmann - all declined to comment. Los Angeles-based Lionsgate, which has movie and TV divisions, did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the U.S. Independence Day holiday.
Apollo Global and Fox have hired Deutsche Bank and Liontree to advise on the deal.
They are ready to sell Endemol outright, although a potential buyer may seek a deal in which Fox retains a minority, said one banker familiar with the process.
Liberty has just agreed the $22 billion sale of its telecoms assets in Germany and central Europe to Vodafone and, assuming the deal clears antitrust scrutiny, will be looking to reinvest some of the proceeds.
Britain's ITV and ProSieben are more financially constrained and would have to raise cash for a bid, a second banker said, while RTL, the European broadcaster, may lack the appetite for a big deal.
Coutinho left out of Liverpool's Champions League play-off squad
Liverpool have not selected Philippe Coutinho for the Champions League play-off at Hoffenheim amid reported Barcelona interest.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 16:45 IST
Philippe Coutinho playing for Liverpool in pre-season
Barcelona target Philippe Coutinho has been left out of Liverpool's squad for the first leg of their Champions League play-off away to Hoffenheim.
The 25-year-old attacking midfielder was not involved as Liverpool drew 3-3 away to Watford in the opening round of the Premier League season on Saturday, with manager Jurgen Klopp claiming prior to the game at Vicarage Road that a back problem was the reason for Coutinho's exclusion.
However, speaking after the match, the German suggested apparent fitness concerns were not the only factor at play, after rumours emerged indicating Coutinho submitted a transfer request on Friday.
Klopp said: "I have to accept decisions from the owners, that's how it is, and sometimes from players, but for this moment I just have to concentrate on my team."
Liverpool's owner Fenway Sports Group last week released a statement insisting they would not consider any offers for Coutinho, with Barça reportedly having had a bid of €100million turned down as they seek to replace Brazil forward Neymar, who moved to Paris Saint-German for a world-record fee of €222m.
It remains to be seen if Coutinho will leave Anfield for Camp Nou before the transfer window shuts on August 31.
But the former Inter star was not named among the 22-man squad picked to travel to Germany for Tuesday's showdown at Rhein-Neckar-Arena.
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you'll be more frugal with it. That's the theory behind health savings accounts, a decades-old GOP concept that's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act.
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference. As with a retirement account, money put into an HSA can be invested, and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free. Withdrawals can be made at any time, and they are tax-free, too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses, such as health insurance deductibles, or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor.
Currently, HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans, meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share. While HSA participation is growing, only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts, according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans.
Why don't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them? For one thing, not everyone has money to contribute upfront. But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving.
"How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good' financial decisions," says Alycia DeGraff, a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association. DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future, many people simply get stressed-out.
"These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together," she says. "Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement, suppression, overcompensation, isolation, etc. — to try and deal with [it]."
This may explain, at least in part, why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general. Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account. And those of us who are parents have only saved, on average, enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids.
Saving money is hard. It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we'll want or need later. And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty, shiny, things to buy RIGHT NOW.
Plus, we all pretend we won't get old or sick.
"People are predictably irrational," says Dr. Mitesh Patel, especially when it comes to money. He's a behavioral economist, physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine.
But many of us really hate to lose money, Patel says, which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing.
For example he and his colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight, and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference.
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks. They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day. About 30 percent of the group did so. Meanwhile, people assigned to the second group were told they'd be paid $1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps. About 35 percent of the second group did so.
Here's the kicker: Each person in the third group was paid $42 upfront and was docked $1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal. Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal, Patel says. People hate to lose money.
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401(k)s that required people who didn't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in. "This creates a path of the least resistance," Patel says.
Of course, setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money, he notes.
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans, a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests. But it's unclear whether they actually improve their health. Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study, but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families.
Then there's the issue of figuring out how much you, as an individual or a family, would need to save for health care — it's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town, let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital.
"If you want to save for a house, you can pretty much figure out the math," Patel says. "But if you go to a doctor, they don't give you a menu for prices."
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we'd all need to change our mindset, says Degraff, the financial therapist.
"People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves," she says. Naturally, we thing our future selves will be "better, healthier, more financially secure," she adds. But, for many of us, health and income eventually decline with age. We need to save more now for later.
HSAs can be useful, Degraff notes, but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over.
"A lot of people don't even have a regular emergency fund savings," DeGraff says, "especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance."
Meet Ryan. He's 6 years old, likes to play with toys, and has just been listed as one of Forbes' highest-earning YouTube celebrities. Per Business Insider, the young entrepreneur, who hosts his family's Ryan ToysReview channel on the video-sharing site, helped his household bring in about $11 million in pretax income this year, simply by opening toys and other products and reviewing them online.
This monetized mastery of the “unboxing” phenomenon—what the Verge has described as “a blend of innocent childhood antics and relentless, often overwhelming consumerism”—places Ryan's channel in the No. 8 slot on the Forbes list (tied with the slapstick team Smosh), alongside other big YouTube names like brothers Jake and Logan Paul, Minecraft whiz Daniel “DanTDM” Middleton, and the controversial PewDiePie (real name: Felix Kjellberg).
What makes Ryan unusual is, obviously, his age. “He is definitely the youngest YouTube star we've ever seen,” an industry analyst told the Verge in last December's profile.
Ryan's parents posted his first video in March 2015 after the YouTube-obsessed preschooler wanted to know why he couldn't dish on toys online like other kids, per a Tubefilter interview from last year.
In July of that year, the family experienced its first viral video: Ryan opening a “giant egg surprise” with more than 100 Cars-branded toys. The channel has exploded since, now with over 10 million subscribers and more than 16 million views, per the Washington Post.
Ryan's parents told Tubefilter they mainly film on the weekends so it doesn't interfere with their son's schooling and that they pay for all of the toys Ryan reviews.
Their channel's “About” section says most of the toys they review end up going to charity. (Read about this year's must-have toy.)
This article originally appeared on Newser: He's 6 Years Old and Makes Millions on YouTube
More From Newser:
The team of Gary Bishop, Dave Miller and Denny Kruszka had an 8-under par 27 Thursday and won the Community Golf League outing at the Elks 797 Golf Club.
The winners had birdies on each hole on the front nine except No. 6.
The rest of the field:
• 29: Dave Buchwalter, Herb Johnson, Gerry Schultz
• 29: Harold Anderson, Dave Doyle, Don Sicurella, Jim Luck
• 30: Rocky Long, Dick Mitchener, Bill Ross, Clarence Cross
• 31: Rodney Williams, Bruce Barrett, Tom Armstrong, Rick Webb
• 31: Mark Hess, D Bullock, Gary Defayette
• 31: Jim Faul, Eric Keltner, Kenny Hill, Keith Hill
https://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/07/web1_golfgraphic.jpg
Svetlana Kuznetsova defeated China's Wang Qiang on Monday at the TEB BNP Paribas Istanbul Cup.
It was the first time the No. 2 seed has won since sustaining a wrist injury at the US Open last year.
The two-time Grand Slam champion won the first three games of each set 6-3 6-3 to clinch victory in one hour and 40 minutes in the Turkish capital.
"You can practice as much as you want, but nothing gets you better prepared like playing matches," Kuznetsova said after the match.
"I've been practising a lot, but still when I came to the tour, I was not quite ready. I played Indian Wells but I felt like I was out of shape. Physically, I was good, because I had trained, but I needed more matches."
She added: "The level of the tennis is extremely high, so you don't have these tournaments where you can go and win easily one or two matches [right away]. Every match is really hard, so I struggled a little bit, but I knew I just had to get going and my chance would appear."
The Russian returned from injury at the BNP Open in Indian Wells last month but failed to win her opening round match three, as well as at the Miami Open and Ladies' Open Lugano.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — The Latest on a shooting in San Francisco (all times local):
11:10 a.m.
A man who lives across the street from a San Francisco UPS warehouse where a gunman opened fire says he heard seven or eight shots fired quickly and saw workers running.
Raymond Deng, 30, a data scientist for a start-up company, said he looked out his apartment window Wednesday to see a group of UPS workers fleeing the building and shouting.
He says another group of about 10 workers assembled on the roof and held their hands up as police began to arrive.
Deng says he “saw police officers go up from the ramp and then storm the buildings.”
___
10:45 a.m.
A witness says he heard at least five gunshots and saw UPS drivers running down the street screaming “shooter, shooter” after gunfire at a sprawling San Francisco package delivery warehouse.
Auto shop owner Robert Kim says he brought cars inside and shut the gate Wednesday. He reopened after he saw police had blocked off an area around the UPS building, which is about a block from his shop.
A UPS spokesman says four people were injured in the shooting at the facility and that the shooter was an employee. Steve Gaut says he believes the shooter “turned the gun on himself” but did not have additional information.
No one immediately had details on the conditions of those injured.
San Francisco police are inside the UPS warehouse searching for additional victims and witnesses.
___
10:20 a.m.
A UPS spokesman says four people were injured in a shooting at a package delivery facility in San Francisco and that the shooter was an employee.
UPS spokesman Steve Gaut said Wednesday that he believed the shooter “turned the gun on himself” but did not have additional information.
He said the four victims were taken to a hospital but didn't know their conditions.
___
10:05 a.m.
A San Francisco hospital has received multiple victims from a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center.
Brent Andrew, spokesman for Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital, said Wednesday that the hospital had received victims, but he did not know exactly how many or their conditions.
San Francisco police have confirmed the shooting, but didn't release other information.
Uniformed UPS employees are being led out in a line by officers next to a highway. They walked away calmly with emergency vehicles nearby.
The shooting led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
The building is located in the Potrero Hill, which is about 2 ½ miles from downtown San Francisco.
Police are advising people to avoid the area.
___
9:55 a.m.
San Francisco police confirm a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center, but no information on injuries has been released.
The shooting Wednesday led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
The building is located in the Portero Hill, which is about 2.5 miles from downtown San Francisco.
Police are advising people to avoid the area.
An engaged couple were removed from a United Airlines flight to Costa Rica on Saturday, as the airline remained under scrutiny following outrage caused by a video last week of a passenger being forcibly removed from a flight. According to the couple, who said they were en route to get married, a.... financialexpress 7:50:00 AM CEST
At times, Severus Snape was one of Harry Potter's most loathed and beloved characters, so it's no surprise now that Alan Rickman felt frustrated at times with his role as one of the most complex characters in literature.
Rickman portrayed the Potions Master for all eight films, and at times, expressed his frustration with the directing on the films, sometimes stemming from the fact that there were some details of the story known only to the author, J.K. Rowling. Harry Potter producer David Heyman at one time noted that sometimes, "a director would tell Alan what to do in a scene, and he would say something like, ‘No I can't do that — I know what is going to happen and you don't.'"
All of this has been revealed thanks to a recent acquisition made by Neil Pearson Rare Books, who has acquired 38 boxes of Alan Rickman's archive, which contains personal letters and correspondence, many of which address his frustration while working on Harry Potter. In one of the letters, Heyman thanked Rickman for the success of Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, and also wrote, "I know, at times, you are frustrated, but please know that you are an integral part of the films. And you are brilliant."
These 38 boxes contain more than these letters, and also include notes, correspondences, photographs, diary entries, fan mail, and scripts all belonging to Rickman.
We'll be @ABARareBooks #rarebookfairlondon this week from Thurs-Sat with, among many other lovely things, this. Go to https://t.co/piFuSXLIoI for more details, and we'll see you in Battersea Park. #StandB03 pic.twitter.com/ETcVLOMSbJ — Neil Pearson (@RareNeilPearson) May 21, 2018
Mor details about the Alan Rickman Archive can be found HERE.
Via Entertainment Weekly
LIVING near major highways has been linked to childhood asthma, but a new study led by researchers at the Keck School of Medicine of the University of Southern California (USC) suggests that traffic-related pollution near schools is also contributing to the development of asthma in kids. The researchers found that the risk of developing asthma due to exposure at school was comparable to that of children whose exposure occurred primarily at home, even though time spent at school only accounted for about one third of waking hours.
Children in schools located in high-traffic environments had a 45 percent increased risk of developing asthma.
Asthma is the most common chronic childhood illness in developed countries and has been linked to environmental factors such as traffic-related air pollution. “While residential traffic-related pollution has been associated with asthma, there has been little study of the effects of traffic exposure at school on new onset asthma,” said lead author Rob McConnell, M.D., professor of preventive medicine at the Keck School of Medicine of USC. “Exposure to pollution at locations other than home, especially where children spend a large portion of their day and may engage in physical activity, appears to influence asthma risk as well.”
The study drew upon data from the Children's Health Study (CHS), a longitudinal study of children in Southern California communities that was designed to investigate the chronic effects of air pollution on respiratory health. Using a cohort of 2,497 kindergarten and first grade children who were asthma-free when they entered the CHS, researchers examined the relationship of local traffic around schools and homes to diagnosis of new onset asthma that occurred during three years of follow-up.
Traffic-related pollution exposure was assessed based on a model that took into account traffic volume, distance to major roadways from home and school and local weather conditions.
Regional ambient ozone, nitrogen dioxide and particulate matter were measured continuously at one central site in each of the 13 study communities. The design allowed investigators to examine the joint effects of local traffic-related pollution exposure at school and at home and of regional pollution exposure affecting the entire community. Researchers found 120 cases of new asthma. The risk associated with traffic-related pollution exposure at schools was almost as high as for residential exposure, and combined exposure accounting for time spent at home and at school had a slightly larger effect.
Related
These are the free games you can get right now with your PlayStation Plus membership.
One of the biggest perks of having a PlayStation Plus membership is the free games you get every month. I've got a list of the games PlayStation is offering this month, and I'm very happy to see some VR and Vita games on this list. Start downloading these games, and enjoy your free games for the month of February!
Starblood Arena
Starblood Arena is a PSVR game where you go through a universe in a spaceship and take on aliens in different worlds. It's great to see PlayStation giving out free games for the VR, and this is a great one.
See on the PlayStation Store
Deus Ex: Mankind Divided
Mankind Divided is the sequel to Deus Ex: Human Revolution, and it follows the story two years after the last game ended. Take on the people who are trying to stop you, and explore the beautiful open world this game has to offer.
See on the PlayStation Store
Batman: The Telltale Series
Batman: The Telltale Series takes place after the Dark Knight, and it follows the story of what happens afterwards with Bruce and all his companions. It was created by the same people who created the Walking Dead game for PS4, so the art style is the same but the game play is completely different.
See on the PlayStation Store
Psycho-Pass: Mandatory Happiness
This game is a graphic novel game that takes place in 2119 Tokyo following Nadeshiko Kugatachi, who has forgotten her past. Getting this beautiful graphic novel, which is available for both the PS4 and the PS Vita, score! You will have to get two separate versions of the game for both consoles, but they're free so you won't have to spend extra on one or the other.
See on the PlayStation Store
Uncanny Valley
Another game available for both PS4 and PS Vita, Uncanny Valley is a beautifully made pixel-art game where you play as a security guard investigating creepy happenings in his place of work. Play this on either platform, but you only have to download one version of the game!
See on the PlayStation Store
Warframe
Warframe is a gorgeous, open world game that follows your character who joins the Tenno as they take on the Grineers. Follow your lotus throughout the galaxy to get to the signal that has been calling you to the Tenno, and win the war you were destined to win!
See on the PlayStation Store
Which is your favorite game you've gotten for free with PlayStation Plus?
Let us know which game you've loved and which one you're excited about this month!
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fairytale of New York hitmaker Shane MacGowan has broken his silence after his mum Therese died in a car crash.
The Pogues frontman spoke for the first time on social media since the New Year's Day crash which claimed the life of his 87-year-old mum Therese, thanking fans for their support.
His girlfriend Victoria Mary Clarke wrote on behalf of the star on her Twitter account.
She tweeted: “Shane MacGowan would like to say thank you and God bless to all the people who are offering kind words and condolences.
“It means a lot”.
In a separate message, she added: “People are being overwhelmingly lovely and kind, it is amazing. Thank you.”
(Photo: Hulton Archive)
Therese MacGowan became the first fatality on Irish roads in 2017 when the car she was driving struck a wall in Ballintogher, Tipperary, at 3pm on New Year's Day.
She was from Tipperary but moved to Kent in the UK with her husband, Dublin native Maurice, where Shane was born 59 years ago.
The family then moved back to Silvermines in Tipperary while he was a child.
The MacGowans still live in the village, including Shane's sister Siobhan.
A neighbour told the Irish Mirror: “It's such a tragedy given the time of year.
“She was a lady and it's going to be tough for the family.
A Seoul court ruled Thursday against an appeal filed by a former state-run bank chief found guilty of slandering the head of a South Korean retail conglomerate.
The appeals division of the Seoul Central District Court upheld the prior verdict on Min Euoo-sung, former chief of Korea Development Bank, that he defamed Lotte Group Chairman Shin Dong-bin by making false statements about him and his father.
This file photo, taken on September 2016, shows Min Euoo-sung, former chief of Korea Development Bank (KDB) answering questions from lawmakers at a parliamentary hearing. (Yonhap)
Min was ordered by the court to pay 5 million won ($4,450) on slander charges late last year. Shin and Lotte sued him for telling reporters in October 2015 that Shin Kyuk-ho, the chairman's father, was "caged up" in his office located at Lotte Hotel in central Seoul and that he was "being surveilled" by his son.His remarks came amid an ongoing family squabble at Lotte, the fifth-largest conglomerate in the country, between the chairman and his elder brother over leadership succession. Min is known to be in support of the founder Shin and his eldest son, Dong-joo.The previous ruling found Min guilty on grounds that his claims about the mistreatment of the elder Shin were not true. The surveillance cameras installed in the office are designed to prevent footage from being sent outside and it was the elder Shin who wanted the cameras to be installed.However, the court cleared Min of the obstruction of business charge that was included in the previous ruling. It judged that it is unlikely Lotte's business was affected by his remarks. The court retained the ruling on the penalty. (Yonhap)
And, if he does win the election by some miracle, he'd be a divisive disaster.
Some may cheer his anti-political-correctness, but the truth is, he will cost the PC party votes in the 416 and 905 areas, which is where the election will be won and lost.
Ford will hand the Liberals another electoral win, which I certainly don't want. He is bombastic, caustic, crude and divisive. He is exactly what we do not need.
As we see the PC party scramble to find a new leader before the provincial election, I have but one wish: Anyone but Doug Ford. Please.
Ford steps into the chaos to turn PC race on its head, Cohn, Jan. 30
I will not be voting for a Liberal candidate, no matter what, but if the PCs elect Doug Ford as their leader, I won't be voting for them, either.
He reminds me of a world leader who, although born into wealth, claims to represent the common man; who scapegoats people not like him (“elites”) and who promises to drain the swamp (“clean up the mess”). A man who thinks government should be run like a business. Sink or swim for everyone but himself.
I hope Ontarians will be very wary of elevating Doug Ford to any provincial office.
John Cadiz, Toronto
Doug Ford comes from a family that owns a large Etobicoke business and is the brother of our former mayor. How does this not make him an elitist? Is it just the fact that he eschews using big words?
Just as his brother Rob was a city councillor who should never have become a mayor, Doug is someone who should never be premier. Having a big enough personality to use up more oxygen in the room than any other candidate doesn't make you worthy of such high office.
There's also the matter of that billionaire, self-professed non-elitist to the south of us who never should have been president.
Ron Charach, Toronto
We've been down this road before. A populist bully from the 1 per cent pushes his way into power in his party by claiming to stand for the common people, then faces an unpopular opponent and wins the election.
Before you know it, the city turns into a reflection of that bully's priorities, with sound urban planning practices thrown out the window and casinos everywhere.
Forget Donald Trump. Doug Ford is actually Biff Tannen from Back to the Future II. Now would be a good time for the boffins at U of T to get working on that flux capacitor. They have less than six months to get it working.
Jason Shron, Thornhill
No matter his popularity, Doug Ford appears unlikely to pass the vetting process to become the leader of the Ontario PC party.
In a Dec. 6, 2016, report to Toronto City Council (as reported in the Star Dec. 8, 2016), the city's integrity commissioner, Valerie Jepson, stated: “Councillor Ford took no steps to establish clear lines of separation between his responsibilities as a member of council and his duties as a principal of Deco.” She said Ford improperly “wore two hats.”
Since Ford is still principal of Deco Labels and Tags, the same conflict of responsibilities is likely to recur.
Moses Shuldiner, Toronto
Columnist Martin Regg Cohn is correct in saying that a Doug Ford win as PC Party leader would be a disaster, at least for me.
But he is wrong about the PC Party eliminating the carbon tax, because the tax will be imposed on us by the federal government if Ontario rejects it.
If taxpayers wish to retain carbon-tax revenue within Ontario, preferably as an income-tax reduction, we must accept it.
What we don't want is for the proceeds to continue to flow to California, other Liberal sinkholes or the federal government.
Charles Hooker, East Garafraxa, Ont.
Patrick Brown allegations prompt calls for better policies to protect young staffers in Canadian legislatures, Jan. 30
Bad behaviour can't be legislated or stamped out with policies. The only way to eradicate bad behaviour is to elect more women. Women aren't perfect, but they generally are not predators. By electing more women as bosses, the staffers will be better taken care of.
Douglas Cornish, Ottawa
Many pundits and letter writers are declaring that with the PC party in disarray and mired in scandals, it will ensure a Liberal victory in the upcoming provincial election.
But for anyone who is disgusted with the PCs and Liberals, there is an option. Andrea Horwath has been consistently polled as the most popular party leader in Ontario. Now is a chance to have real change.
John Rudy, Paris, Ont.
As someone voting for anyone other than Liberal Leader Kathleen Wynne, I can tell you the Conservatives need a strong female leader to win this election. Everyone has had enough of the status quo.
H. Tomson, Grand Bend, Ont.
Feb 2(Reuters) - Shanghai Kindly Enterprise Development Group Co Ltd
* Says co's shareholder, a limited partnership, plans to cut up to 6 percent stake (18.9 million shares) in the co within six months
* Says the shareholder is holding 7.4 percent stake (23.4 million shares) in the co
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/mdguqU
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Later this year — starting, perhaps, with the release of “First Man,” Damien Chazelle's epic biographical drama about Neil Armstrong and the space program — America will commence what promises to be a momentous and meditative celebration of the 50th anniversary of the first moon landing. What will be celebrated, of course, isn't just the immensity of the achievement. It will be the spirit that the moon landing still symbolizes: the idea that human beings — and, yes, Americans — could once imagine doing almost anything, and then just go out and do it. That we could realize the impossible dream.
Simplistic or not, that's the way we now think of the America of 50 years ago, as a society of majestic striving. But it's not as though that spirit has disappeared. You could argue that it's still all around us, entangled in murkier forces — the we-can-do-anything dream buried under the rancor of our current divisiveness.
If you want to catch an awe-inspiring glimpse of what that spirit still looks like, not as late-'60s lunar-walk nostalgia but in a contemporary form that's as pure and heady as a hit of oxygen, look no further than “The Dawn Wall.” It's a riveting and spectacular documentary about Tommy Caldwell and Kevin Jorgeson, the two American rock climbers who accomplished the most extraordinary feat of free climbing in history. In January 2015, over the course of 19 days, they scaled the legendary Dawn Wall section of El Capitan, the ominously vertical rock formation in Yosemite National Park — a famously forbidding 3,000-foot granite monolith of minimal juts and crags, the kind of surface it would be hard to imagine anyone wriggling to the top of who wasn't Spider-Man.
More Reviews SXSW Film Review: '6 Balloons'
“The Dawn Wall” immerses us in every dimension of their achievement: the athleticism, the drop-dead audacity, the complex human drama. But the first thing to say about the movie, and what makes it a must-see experience, is that for the entire climb we're right there, on the surface of the rock, along with Caldwell and Jorgeson. The film's co-directors, Josh Lowell and Peter Mortimer, are climbers themselves who have helmed a number of entries in the “Reel Rock” film series, and working with a team of cinematographers led by Kyle Berkompas, they stationed bodies and cameras up on the Dawn Wall, dangling from lines tethered to the top, so that Caldwell and Jorgeson's vertiginous, bewildering, up-in-the-air journey becomes ours.
The camera places us inches from their lime-braised and often bloodied fingers, as they grasp for the tiniest of razor-sharp ridges (which slice layers of skin off their fingertips), hoisting themselves up what is basically a polished sheet of rock. We're there when they fall, plunging straight down before they're caught and held by safety lines — a ritual that gave someone like me, who isn't even comfortable looking out of tall buildings, a heart-in-the-throat moment each time, since all I could think was, “Okay, I get it, the safety line is hammered into a wedge up above. But what if it comes loose?”
We're there when the two camp out each night, in a tent that's improbably but securely fastened to the side of the rock face; there, they sleep, talk, drink coffee and water, and speak to journalists on their cell phones. One call, out of nowhere, from reporter John Branch results in the front-page New York Times story that, overnight, elevated the climb from an eccentric and relatively low-profile adventure, tracked mostly by rock-climbing cultists, into an international media event.
At the time, the story was all about bravado and perseverance and dizzying heights. It's still about those things, but experienced this close up, it's also about the tactility — and spirituality — of pain and endurance. The pain, which might be standard in any portrait of extreme athletics, seems to fulfill something in the karma of Tommy Caldwell. He was 36 years old when he led this climb, and he'd been working up to it for a decade, scaling dozens of sections of the Dawn Wall, devising strategies and techniques, all the while contemplating whether the feat was even possible.
Tommy, good-looking in a rabbit-toothed way, with a disarmingly gentle manner, comes off as a complete contradiction; he's like Mike White reborn as a fearless jock. Born and raised near the Colorado Rockies, Tommy grew up the son of a bodybuilder and began to climb when he was very young, but his grade-school teachers thought there was something developmentally wrong with him. Even when he finds his identity as a teenage scaler of stone surfaces, he's thought of as a kind of climbing savant. He'll shimmy up any rock face you can find, hovering thousands of feet above ground, and up there — maybe only up there — he feels at home.
Disaster has a way of breaking out around Tommy. In 2000, he and Beth Rodden, the free climber who became his soulmate and wife for seven years, travel, along with a team of climbing partners, to Kyrgyzstan to scale the famous peaks there. But once in the country they're taken hostage by armed rebels at war with the Kyrgyz government. After being paraded through the mountains as prisoners, Tommy decides that the only way he can save their lives is to shove one of the kidnappers off a ledge, which he does, an act that leaves him in paroxysms of guilt.
Back home, after he and Beth are married, he's doing renovations with a table saw when he slices off the top half of his left index finger — an injury that would devastate anyone. In this case, it seemed destined to destroy Tommy's athletic career, since when scaling vertical rocks your index fingers are the two main tools you have. But Tommy trains his other fingers (and his index stub) to do the same work, turning the liability into a toughening advantage. Then his marriage ends, crushing him. (Beth Rodden, interviewed in the film, traces the seed of its dissolution to the kidnapping.) Only then does he summon the fortitude to scale the Dawn Wall.
The movie sketches in the sources of his climbing zeal, but Tommy Caldwell remains one of those inexplicable originals. “The Dawn Wall,” in capturing the insanity of fervor that drove him to undertake the ultimate feat of climbing, is a high-strung daredevil movie that has a chance to speak to audiences the way that “Man on Wire” did back in 2008. It's that cannily crafted and spirited and compelling.
It's a buddy movie, of sorts, with Kevin Jorgeson signing on to become Tommy's partner late in the game, and Kevin fighting demons of his own (though maybe less personal ones). The climb is divided into 32 “pitches,” or sections, and the most absurdly challenging of them is a horizontal stretch of rock that barely has ridges a fingertip can grab. Kevin tries it, again and again, dozens of times, and keeps falling in the middle. He can't seem to nail it. That pitch becomes his fight with the forces, and with himself.
All great athletes represent, on some level, our higher selves: the dream of who we are, or could be. That's why when someone breaks the world record in the 100-meter dash, it's on some level everyone's victory; it's humanity that triumphs. That's true, as well, when you watch Tommy Caldwell and Kevin Jorgeson scale the Dawn Wall. As extraordinarily skilled as they are, the drama is one of daring and devotion. They go up that rock, defying what a human being is supposed to do, because defying those odds is the very essence of what a human being is supposed to do. In “The Dawn Wall,” we get close enough to their achievement to share it, and that's enough to make anyone in the audience want to shoot the moon.
With Barnaby Joyce's eligibility in question, the Coalition is working on a list of Labor MPs to refer to the High Court over potential dual citizenship.
One of the Labor MPs accused by the Turnbull government of holding a potential dual citizenship has rubbished the allegation, telling SBS World News he lost his Italian citizenship by default when he became an Australian in 1958.
South Australian MP Tony Zappia was born in Italy in 1952 and won the federal seat of Makin in 2004.
The government has threatened it may refer at least four Labor MPs – including Mr Zappia – to the High Court, as the row over dual citizenship escalates.
"The Labor Party needs to produce the evidence or the government will obviously consider its options," Mr Pyne said.
RELATED STORIES: What's next for Barnaby Joyce? The deputy prime minister faces weeks of uncertainty as the High Court decides on his future and could trigger a by-election. Joyce 'shell-shocked' by NZ citizenship as Labor calls for him to stand down The Nationals have rallied in defence of their leader Barnaby Joyce, as Labor mounts its campaign for the deputy prime minister to stand down.
Deputy prime minister Barnaby Joyce became the most high-profile politician to be embroiled in the scandal when news surfaced on Monday the Nationals leader is a New Zealand citizen.
If the High Court finds him invalidly elected, a by-election in Mr Joyce's seat of New England could put the Turnbull Government's one-seat majority at risk.
The government is now levelling allegations against a host of Labor members.
But Mr Zappia told SBS World News that he ceased being an Italian citizen on acquiring Australian citizenship in 1958.
Up until August 1992, Italian law did not allow dual citizenship, meaning Italian citizens who acquired another nationality lost their native citizenship status.
“The Italian Consul confirmed that is the case by letter dated July 2004, before my election to parliament,” Mr Zappia said.
“A copy of the Consulate letter has been provided to ALP national office.”
SBS World News has not seen the letter, but confirmed via the Italian consulate in Sydney that before 1992, Italians who became citizens of other nations automatically lost their Italian citizenship.
RELATED STORY: 'Highly unethical': Turnbull ministers accuse Labor of conspiracy to bring down government Senior Turnbull ministers are accusing Labor leader Bill Shorten of trying to 'bring down' the government in a 'conspiracy' with the New Zealand Labour party.
Wong, Plibersek, Albanese under scrutiny
The government has questioned whether Labor MPs Susan Lamb, Tony Zappia, Justine Keay and Maria Vamvakinou are all eligible to sit in the parliament under Section 44 of the Constitution, which prohibits parliamentarians from holding dual citizenship.
Media outlets are also reporting the government is examining Penny Wong, Tanya Plibersek and Anthony Albanese.
Mr Albanese said he had dealt with the allegation many times. “The circumstances of my birth is that I had a single parent, there is a single parent legally on my birth certificate,” he said on Monday.
Labor's Tony Burke said the party was confident it did not have any dual citizens among its ranks, thanks to its detailed and “cumbersome” process for vetting the status of candidates.
“Before anyone's allowed to nominate, we have to find the country of birth of their parents and of their grandparents. And whether their parents or grandparents, to their knowledge, had any foreign citizenship,” Mr Burke said.
“If the answer is yes to any of those, then a team of lawyers works with the candidate to make sure all the requirements of Section 44 have been met.”
Justine Keay, one of the other accused Labor MPs, has previously claimed she completed a form to renounce her UK citizenship May 23 last year.
She originally said she received a receipt in response on May 31 – just nine days before nominations for the 2016 federal election closed on June 9. But she later revised that timeline, saying she did not receive the reply confirming the renunciation until July 11, more than a week after the federal election.
RELATED STORY: Explainer: How did Section 44 land five senators in trouble over citizenship? What law caught out senators Scott Ludlam, Larissa Waters, Matthew Canavan, Malcolm Roberts and Barnaby Joyce?
Susan Lamb told the 'Sunshine Coast Daily'she had taken all reasonable steps to renounce her UK citizenship in the lead-up to last year's election.
“As part of my nomination, I was advised that I may have been entitled to UK citizenship through my father, who is deceased," she said.
“On 23 May 2016, I took all necessary steps to renounce by completing and sending the UK Home Office Form RN, ‘Declaration of Renunciation of British Citizenship', and paying the requisite fee.”
“Australia Post confirmed the renunciation form was received by the UK Home Office in Liverpool on 25 May, 2016.”
“I was subsequently cleared to stand by the Labor Party, and nominated on 7 June 2016.”
Along with the Barnaby Joyce case, the High Court is considering the cases of two resigned Greens senators - Scott Ludlam and Larissa Waters - as well as LNP Senator Matt Canavan and One Nation Senator Malcolm Roberts, who are both remaining in their jobs until the cases have been heard.
SBS World News has contacted the office of Maria Vamvakinou, who is the first Greek-born woman elected to Australian parliament, for a response.
VANCOUVER - A stunt woman has died following a motorcycle accident on the set of Deadpool 2 in downtown Vancouver.
The accident occurred just after 8 a.m. on Monday.
Witnesses say the woman was filming a stunt when she lost control of her bike, jumped a curb and crashed into Shaw Tower across from Canada Place.
She was treated by ambulance personnel but police say she died at the scene.
Her name has not been released.
Deadpool star Ryan Reynolds expressed his condolences to his crew member's family and friends.
Deadpool star Ryan Reynolds expressed his condolences for the death of his crew member.
“We're heartbroken, shocked and devastated... but recognize nothing can come close to the grief and inexplicable pain her family and loved ones must feel in this moment," wrote Reynolds on social media. "My heart pours out to them...."
Deadline.com reports that the stunt driver, who was not wearing a helmet, was a motocross rider who was doing her first film as a stunt performer.
"We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of Deadpool 2this morning," 20th Century Fox spokesman told Deadline. "Our hearts and prayers are with the family, friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time."
A motorcycle remains on the ground in front of a shattered-out glass window at the back of Shaw Tower. Vancouver police have taped off the area.
Stunt gone wrong at Canada place. Motorcycle stunt driver went into Starbucks. Non responsive. @WhatsFilming pic.twitter.com/TaB4yThBOh — JerFree (@jerfree) August 14, 2017
WorkSafeBC says they have five officers investigating.
Two officers are investigating to see if there are any immediate health or safety concerns, while three other officers are investigating the cause of the fatality and future prevention, said WorkSafeBC spokeswoman Trish Knight Chernecki.
Findings on any immediate health or safety concerns could be available within several days, while the investigation on the cause usually takes longer, said Chernecki.
Sharmina Kermalli said she had just walked into a Starbucks next door to where the accident happened when she heard a loud crash.
She ran out of the coffee shop and saw a woman lying with her body inside and her head outside the building.
Glass was still falling on the woman, Kermalli said.
“I was thinking, what if I was just five seconds (later),” she said, explaining that she had just walked by the spot where the crash happened.
Allan Webber was among those who came to the accident scene to watch as investigators assessed the scene then uprighted the stunt bike with its crumpled front tire.
"It's like a cursed corner," Webber said of the area, noting that just the day before the crash, one man died and two were injured in a bus accident down the street, and in 2013, actor Cory Monteith died in a neighbouring hotel.
Webber said he had previously watched the stuntwoman successfully complete a ride down Thurlow Street.
Nathan Kramchynski works on the seventh floor of the Shaw Tower and said he had been watching rehearsals of the stunt at the Vancouver Convention Centre.
The stunt woman had been riding the motorcycle down a set of stairs from the convention centre and stopped when she reached the street, he said.
When the accident happened, the driver appeared to pick up speed, crossed the street and swerved to avoid pedestrians before disappearing from his view, said Kramchynski.
“She lost control really quickly. It happened in a split second,” he said. “She was going full throttle and then there's a building there.”
He said a fire truck and police cars arrived “instantly.”
“The response was actually incredible,” he said.
The ambulance remained at the scene for about 15 or 20 minutes before leaving, he added.
According to Global News, whose TV crew witnessed the accident, the rider successfully completed the stunt four times but on the fifth try she encountered trouble with the throttle and lost control of the bike.
Deadpool 2, the sequel to the 2016 Marvel Comics blockbuster from 20th Century Fox starring Vancouver actor Ryan Reynolds, has been shooting in Vancouver since June 26. The film crew closed down downtown streets last week to film sequences involving motorcycles and scooters.
Domino, a female character played by actress Zazie Beetz, was spotted riding a black Ducati motorcycle down Hastings Street. It was the same model of motorcycle involved in Monday's accident.
Jason Cameron, a business agent with the Union of B.C. Performers said it's not known if the stunt woman was one of their members.
The UBCP represents 6,000 people who work as actors, stunt performers, singers, and voice actors.
“We're waiting for more information to come in. We would have had members on set,” said Cameron.
He said a union representative headed out to the set after hearing news of the accident. Trauma counselling will be available, he said.
Cameron said despite today's tragic accident, performing stunts is very safe.
“The nature of stunt performing is it is very dangerous but we are also talking about skilled and trained stunt performers who perform these very dangerous stunts in a safe way,” he said.
“These very complicated sequences and stunts happen on film sets all the time. (Accidents are) pretty rare considering how often stunts like this are performed. It's exceedingly rare which is a test to the skill level.”
Cameron said Deadpool 2 is a “stunt-heavy” production.
It's not the first tragedy to hit the B.C. film industry.
In 1998, local stuntman Marc Akerstream was killed when he was struck in the head by a piece of flying debris while observing an explosion on the Squamish set of the TV show The Crow: Stairway to Heaven.
Two years earlier in Squamish, 32-year-old Vancouver stuntman Keith Perepelkin died on the set of the movie Firestorm, after his parachute failed to open during a jump from a helicopter.
Last month in Atlanta, stuntman John Bernecker died on the set of The Walking Dead after he fell head-first onto concrete instead of on padding meant to cushion his roughly 7-metre fall from a balcony. His death was believed to be the first stunt-related fatality on U.S. soil in 20 years.
Meanwhile, in May of 2016, Hollywood actor Dylan O'Brien suffered a concussion and multiple facial fractures after a stunt went wrong on the set of Maze Runner: The Death Cure in Cache Creek.
WorkSafeBC put the blame for O'Brien's injuries squarely on 20th Century Fox, saying the production company "failed” to ensure the safety of workers on the Maze Runner set.
Monday's crash occurred just metres away from the site of Sunday's fatal bus accident. A charter tour bus loaded with passengers hit three people — killing one and injuring two others — on Canada Place Way, between the Convention Centre and Canada Place.
Deadpool 2 is scheduled to be released in theatres on June 1, 2018.
With files from Gord Hoekstra, Matt Robinson, The Canadian Press and The Associated Press
sbrown@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/Browniescott
A husband and wife were found shot dead on Tuesday night inside their remote house on a mountain in Surat Thani's Phanom district.
Residents of Moo 3 in Tambon Plu Thuan alerted police after discovering the double murder while gathering foodstuffs on Mount Khao Song Praek.
Full story: The Nation
By The Nation
WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. – Purdue Aviation has hit a milestone in its growth with FAA approval of Part 141 flight school certification.
“Part 141 certification is key to the future growth of Purdue Aviation,” said Scott Niswonger, who co-owns the company with the Purdue Research Foundation. “Receiving this certification is the next logical step as we add services to increase the profile of Purdue Aviation, allowing us to help fill the critical need for more commercial pilots.”
Niswonger and Purdue Research Foundation purchased the company, formerly called Lafayette Aviation, in 2015. The purchase occurred the same year the 980-acre Purdue Research Park Aerospace District was established in the area adjacent to the airport.
Purdue Aviation, which is at Purdue University Airport (KLAF), previously offered flight training under the FAA Part 61 regulation before issue of the Part 141 certification, said Jeff Pittard, president of Purdue Aviation.
“Part 141 requires a more stringent process involving FAA approval of pilot training curriculums, personnel, facilities and aircraft,” he explained. “The Part 141 designation allows students in the program to qualify for pilot certification in less time than Part 61.”
Purdue Aviation and Purdue Research Foundation recently partnered with Costruzioni Aeronautiche TECNAM, an aircraft company based in Italy, to create a U.S.-based sales, maintenance and training center for TECNAM aircraft. The agreement included the sale of a TECNAM P2006T twin-engine certified technologically advanced aircraft (pictured below) to Purdue Aviation, which the company now uses for training and for leasing.
“Also, with the certification we will soon have approval from the Department of Veterans Affairs to allow veterans to use their benefits at our school,” Pittard added.
Purdue Aviation is a full-service FBO offering fuel service, aircraft rental, flight training and aircraft maintenance.
FRANKFURT, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Deutsche Bank on Friday posted its third consecutive annual loss in 2017, taking a hit from challenging markets, a drop in investment bank revenue and a U.S. tax reform.
The loss of 497 million euros ($621 million) at Germany's flagship lender fell short of expectations of analysts, who had forecast a loss of 290 million euros, according to a Reuters poll of nine banks and brokerages.
The bank warned last month that it would post a loss for the year. ($1 = 0.8003 euros) (Reporting by Tom Sims; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
The NFL playoff schedule along with the updated Super Bowl odds for the 2017 postseason teams are set. It took every game of the regular season, literally, to know which teams were officially in the NFL playoffs and what seed they would fall into. According to a NFL.com report, while we knew every team who would be in the postseason from the AFC conference before Week 17 began, we didn't know the seeds – and now we do. The New England Patriots sewed up the No. 1 spot in the AFC conference after thrashing the Miami Dolphins 35-14. Tom Brady and the Patriots were not about to repeat history, and that was evident from the very beginning. Last season the Patriots dropped a Week 17 contest to the Dolphins 20-10. That loss kept New England from getting home field advantage throughout the playoffs. The Patriots had to travel to Denver for that AFC title game and they fell short by the final score of 20-18. Quarterback Matthew Stafford and the Detroit Lions are huge underdogs to win Super Bowl 51. [Image by Gregory Shamus/Getty Images] The Oakland Raiders entered play on Sunday as the No. 2 seed in the AFC, however, after losing to the Denver Broncos they have fallen to the No. 5 seed. Oakland lost starting quarterback Derek Carr last weekend with a leg injury and now they may be with backup Matt McGloin. McGloin suffered a shoulder injury during the Raiders vs. Broncos game and was replaced by former Michigan State QB Connor Cook. The Raiders' loss along with the Kansas City Chiefs' win over the San Diego Chargers now puts the Chiefs in the No. 2 seed, giving them a first round bye. While home field advantage doesn't guarantee a team a clear path to the Super Bowl, it sure does help. History shows that having a home game in the postseason helps tremendously, and having home field throughout the playoffs is even better. 69 percent of the time since 1982 the No. 1 seed in the conference has reached the title game and/or the Super Bowl. Yes, home field matters. In the NFC, the Washington Redskins just had to pull off a win and they were in the 2017 playoffs. They blew that opportunity in front of their home town fans as they fell to the New York Giants 19-10. Surprisingly, the Giants played all of their starters the entire game. Many NFL insiders believed that Eli Manning along with several other starters would play just a quarter or two, however, they played the complete game and in actuality they looked like the team fighting for a playoff spot more than the Redskins did. Aaron Rodgers has the Green Bay Packers rolling into the postseason [Image by Maddie Meyer/Getty Images] The loss by Washington put both the Detroit Lions and Green Bay Packers in the postseason before they even teed it up for Sunday night football. It is a good thing for Detroit Lions fans that New York defeated the Redskins because the Lions fell to the Packers at home on Sunday night 31-24. The Green Bay win gives the Packers the NFC North title and means they will host the New York Giants next Sunday. The Lions will now have to travel to Seattle to face the Seahawks in their Wild Card matchup. The Atlanta Falcons grabbed the No. 2 seed after defeating the New Orleans Saints, thus making the Cowboys and Falcons the top two teams in the NFC. It is going to be a wild ride from here on out, but as NFL fans always say, now the real season begins! Below is a look at the first round matchups for the 2017 NFL playoffs along with the current odds to win Super Bowl 51. You can click here for a NFL playoff printable bracket to keep up with all the possible playoff scenarios. Patriots +200 Cowboys +350 Steelers +800 Packers +900 Seahawks +1200 Chiefs +1200 Falcons +1200 Giants +1400 Raiders +4000 Lions +5000 Texans +5000 Dolphins +6600 WILD CARD WEEKEND: SATURDAY, JAN. 7 AFC Wild Card Playoffs: No. 5 Oakland at No. 4 Houston (-1) — 4:35 p.m. — ESPN/ABC ] NFC Wild Card Playoffs: No. 6 Detroit at No. 3 Seattle (-7.5) — 8:15 p.m. — NBC WILD CARD WEEKEND: SUNDAY, JAN. 8 AFC Wild Card Playoffs: No. 6 Miami at No. 3 Pittsburgh (-7) — 1:05 p.m. — CBS NFC Wild Card Playoffs: No. 5 New York Giants at No. 4 Green Bay (-6) — 4:40 p.m. — FOX [Featured Image by Maddie Meyer/Getty Images]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
For a company aimed at being the knowledge graph of the entire planet, image-based AI services are an obvious thing for Google to want to get right. And for anyone using Google Photos over the last couple of years, you know there have been huge strides made in enhancing these capabilities. Facial and object recognition in Google Photos, can be incredible, and there's a lot of good that can come from using these features in the real world. Being able to offer a camera with the ability to rapidly identify storefronts and street signs to visually impaired people alone is incredible. Google Lens is headed in the right direction, but it's clearly not ready for daily use just yet.
As a Google Pixel owner, I've had access to Lens for six months now. This beta period for Lens has been a little clumsy, which is to be expected. I point Lens at an unusual book a friend of mine had, and instead of telling me where I can buy that book for myself I get a text snippet from the cover identified. I ask Lens to scan a photo of a movie theater marquis, it has no idea what is in the photo and does not offer me the ability to but tickets for the show like it was supposed to. I take a photo of my Shetland Sheepdog, Lens identifies her as a Rough Collie. Alright, so that last one is nearly impossible to get right in a photo, but the point is Google Lens doesn't reliably do most of the things it claims to be able to do yet. To Google's credit, the things Lens gets right it gets right fast. I love being able to use Lens for real-time language translation. Point Lens at a menu written in another language, you will get immediate translations right on the page as though you were looking at the menu in English the whole time. Snap a photo of a business card, Lens is ready to add that information to my contacts book. I've used individual apps for these features that have worked reasonably well in the past, but unifying these features in the same place I access all of my photos is excellent.
Microsoft's cooking up a government-grade cloud in the Canberra, Australia's capital city.
The two planned “Australia Central” Azure data centres will come online some time in 2018. True to form, Microsoft's not saying anything about capacity or the instance types it will offer at launch. Nor will it confirm what services it will offer at launch, beyond saying users can expect Azure's core IaaS experience, SQL Server, plus networking services.
But Microsoft has revealed one important detail about the new region: it will be hosted by a company called Canberra Data Centres.
Gartner research director Michael Warrilow pointed out to The Register that Microsoft doesn't usually reveal that kind of detail. Indeed, the company has never confirmed the identity of the data centres in which its other Australian regions reside, even though they are well-known throughout local industry.
Why the exception? Because the partner is an outfit called Canberra Data Centres (CDC) that has gone to the trouble of implementing security the company believes is fit to handle information classified Top Secret, even though it doesn't offer that level of security as a product.
CDC can, however, point to over 40 government clients who use its facilities. Microsoft's keen to point out that if those clients are thinking of using Azure, teaming with CDC means they can do so with a short hop across a data centre rather than a scarier journey on public networks. That CDC is connected to the Australian government's ICON fibre network doesn't hurt either, as it means users have an option for secure transit from government offices to the two Azure bit barns.
The new region will be suggested as best used for Protected data. For those who need to keep Secret or Top Secret data, Microsoft will advance on-premises Azure Stack as a fine way to get things done.
Microsoft's cloudy rivals have scored government security certifications, but can't match the CDC partnership so have some catching up to do. Australia's Redmondian operatives were also at pains to point out that this will be a truly hyperscale effort, but declined the opportunity to comment on the scale offered by the likes of Dimension Data's government-centric cloud which, like the future Azure region, is located in Canberra and restricted to government users. ®
Sponsored: The Joy and Pain of Buying IT - Have Your Say
ERIN, Wis. -- It's time for some honest, real talk about what's going on here at Erin Hills this week. After every round, I'll speak to a caddie and get the inside scoop on what it was really like on the course. That honesty has a cost -- the caddie's anonymity. But it's a small price to pay for a peek behind the "P.C." curtain. Gotta start the week off with a preview right? Enjoy.
Collins: You've been here a few days now and been around this place enough to give me your honest opinion of the golf course.
Caddie: I actually really like the golf course. I wasn't sure that I would walking around it the first time ... but the more I see it, the more I like it. I think they've done a really good job as far as being generous with the fairways, and I really like seeing a par-72 U.S. Open.
Collins: Why does that make a big difference?
Caddie: Because I think in the past, there have been golf courses where they change a par-5 into a par-4 just to make it a par 70. That doesn't make it a good hole, because that hole was designed and built to be a par-5. So the green was built to accept short clubs into the hole. Not a 500-yard, par-4 [with a green] to receive 3-irons and 4-irons. But I really like the way the course is setup.
Erin Hills, which opened in 2006 and is hosting its first major championship, started growing on this week's anonymous caddie -- but not in an overbearing, high fescue kind of way. Tannen Maury/EPA
Collins: What was it about the course that gave you "pause" when you first saw it?
Caddie: I just wasn't sure what we were gonna get. Seeing the knee-high fescue and how thick it was. But then you look at (the course) and the fairways are plenty wide, almost double the size of a normal U.S. Open fairway, which I think is very fair.
Collins: What will be the biggest challenge for the caddie this week during the round?
Caddie: The front nine is pretty much straight forward. You can see everything. When you get to the back nine, there's several blind tee shots. So picking lines off tees and convincing your player to "trust that line" will be big. Preaching patience on the par-5s to maybe not go for it if you can get there [in two], but layup.
On [No.] 15, the really short par-4, I don't like going for it. I think laying up short in the fairway and having four wedges as opposed to trying to go for it, I think you're much better off. This is the one tournament of the year where you really can't go wrong being conservative! It's a marathon, not a sprint. Strategy and patience are a huge deal at a U.S. Open. I think sometimes the more aggressive you are, [the more] it can go against you.
Collins: How much more difficult is it to get your player to trust you during a major compared with a normal tournament?
Caddie: I think at this major, it's not a golf course we see every year, whereas at other tournaments, guys are creatures of habit; they play the same golf tournaments on the same golf courses every year. They already know the golf course when they get there. Where here they're cramming all in two, three, or four days before the [start] of the event so they're not as familiar with the golf course. For them to trust a line off a tee or trust a place to miss it on the green or around the green, it's a little harder for them, because they're not as familiar with the golf course as they would be at a normal golf tournament.
Collins: What was it like trying to find housing for this week?
Caddie: This one was hard. We're staying at a rental house. I didn't book it, so I don't know who we booked it through. But this one was a little bit tougher because of the location, out in the middle of nowhere. It's not in a city center or in an area with a ton of neighborhoods. ... This one, I think, is a minimum 15-20 [minute] drive for anyone. It's tough.
Collins: Is the USGA good to the caddies as far as parking and facilities?
Caddies: It's been really good. The parking's good, it's a short walk. The USGA does a pretty good job. They have the wellness center for us where we [get] chiropractic work, or massage work, or just basic physical therapy because our bodies break down, too, carrying that bag. Probably more so than a player' does. This is the one tournament a year where we get treated like, "Hey, you guys are important, too. ... We need to make sure you're taken care of." They do such a good job at doing that every year.
Collins: Was gonna ask about the wellness center. They have a Hyperbaric chamber.
Caddie: Which I'm about to go get into!
Collins: So on a week like this, on a brutal course to walk like this, how important is this service the USGA provides for the caddies?
Caddie: Very important. Very important. Underestimated for sure and not valued enough. I'm in there every day getting something. Whether it's an adjustment from a chiropractor, or getting in the chamber, getting a massage on my neck or my shoulder, my feet or my calves. Just basic physical therapy, getting stretched. You know that basic stuff can really help you get through the week with less pain.
Collins: Hardest hole for the caddie to walk this week?
Caddie: [Long pause as he thinks it over] The entire back nine is pretty tough. The hill going up 12 [is] pretty steep. The hill going up [No.] 8 off the tee when you go down low and then you go straight back up a really steep hill. From 14 green to 15 tee ... there are some tough walks, but [pauses to figure out how to say the next thing] ... I mean, it's the U.S. Open. The purse we're playing for [$12 million] is unprecedented, so I'll take it [the walk]! I'll take it every week. [Laughs]
Collins: If the wind stays calm, what will be the hardest hole to caddie?
Caddie: [No.] 12 is pretty tough.
Collins: Why?
Caddie: Because you really, depending on what tee they play from, you can't really see the ball land. And that's [thinks a second] ... players and caddies both, blind tee shots where you can't see the ball land, it gives you an uneasy feeling. Because you wanna know where the ball is, and you don't know that until you get up there. ... That one is tough.
When caddies aren't on the course, the practice range or the putting green this week, look for them in the USGA's Wellness Center getting worked on. A course that has four par-5s in excess of 600 yards isn't an easy walk carrying a bag of 40 pounds. Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Collins: And if the wind is blowing 20-30 mph, then which hole is toughest to caddie?
Caddie: [No.] 14 is gonna be tough, you know the par-5? Because that's gonna be straight into the wind. So that'll be tough just because of the layup. ... The green is really tough, too, because even if you hit a good layup, you're not guaranteed to see the green with your third [shot]. You're only guaranteed to see about half the pin if it's on the right. The green is so severe with the sloping, especially off the right. I mean if it comes off the front of that green, it's going 40 yards! So that one's gonna be tough.
Editor's Picks Guess what? DJ possesses brains -- and brawn What makes world No. 1 Dustin Johnson tick? His parents and friends answer that question as he gets set to defend his U.S. Open title.
Who will do well at Erin Hills? Michael Collins and Jason Sobel get you set for the 2017 U.S. Open at Erin Hills with an in-depth look at the course and which players they expect to do well.
U.S. Open tournament schedule, scores and coverage Get the 2017 U.S. Open golf tournament's dates, TV schedule, news coverage, live scores and results on ESPN. 2 Related
Collins: How do you as a caddie feel about the new courses we are playing the national championships on?
Caddie: Well, we're used to the Winged Foots and the Shinnecocks and the Oakmonts -- the older traditional layouts that we've been going to for over a hundred years. Those are all great, but I certainly understand what they're trying to do with Chambers Bay and what they're trying to do here. ... It's an experiment, and we'll see if it works or not. ... It's just two of the last three years we've gone to venues that are unheard of and new. It's different, but guys don't like change. I applaud them for at least trying. If it works great, come back. If it doesn't, don't come back.
Collins: This is not just the toughest test for players, this is the toughest test for caddies, too. How do you sleep this week?
Caddie: I sleep good because because I'm so tired. This is not an easy walk, it's tough. It's not unfair by any means. It's just a tough walk ... and long days. ... You gotta get as much rest as possible.
Collins: Is it more of a mental grind for caddies this week, too, because it's a major?
Caddie: I think every major is. I always equate it to, like, a double week. It's like two weeks in one. I think at the end of every major you are mentally and physically exhausted.
PanARMENIAN.Net - The UEA emirate of Ras Al Khaimah has achieved a Guinness World Records title with its latest adventure tourism product - 'Jebel Jais Flight: The World's Longest Zipline', Khaleej Times reports.
The official certification was handed over to HH Sheikh Saud Bin Saqr Al Qasimi, Member of Supreme Council and Ruler of Ras Al Khaimah, by Hoda Khachab, the official adjudicator from Guinness World Records.
HH Sheikh Ahmad bin Saud bin Saqr Al Qasimi was the first to trial the new zipline this morning, following the official certification by Guinness World Records.
Haitham Mattar, CEO of Ras Al Khaimah Tourism Development Authority, said the world's longest zipline will earn the emirate of Ras Al Khaimah considerable recognition on the local, regional and global stage and propel the destination into the major leagues of global adventure tourism."
The world's longest zipline, measuring 2.83km - equivalent to over 28 soccer fields, and spanning the chasm of Jebel Jais, the UAE's largest mountain peak at over 1,680 metres above sea level, was opened to the public on February 1, 2018.
"The Ras Al Khaimah zipline is being operated by Toroverde Ras Al Khaimah, the world's most experienced zipline managers."
Armenia is home to the longest non-stop double track cable car which has a length of 5,752m and is nestled in Tatev, Syunik province. The aerial tramway connects the village of Halidzor with the secluded medieval Tatev Monastery, offering a spectacular journey across the Vorotan River Gorge. Two cabins (each with a capacity to carry 25 people) can operate simultaneously, travelling in opposite directions.
PanARMENIAN.Net - China's Foreign Ministry on Wednesday, February 15 warned Washington against challenging its sovereignty, responding to reports the United States was planning fresh naval patrols in the disputed South China Sea, Reuters said.
On Sunday, the Navy Times reported that U.S. Navy and Pacific Command leaders were considering freedom of navigation patrols in the busy waterway by the San Diego-based Carl Vinson carrier strike group, citing unnamed defense officials.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said tension in the South China Sea had stabilized due to the hard work between China and Southeast Asia countries, and urged foreign nations including the U.S. to respect this.
"We urge the U.S. not to take any actions that challenge China's sovereignty and security," Geng told a regular news briefing on Wednesday.
The United States last conducted freedom of navigation operation in the area in October, when it sailed the guided-missile destroyer USS Decatur near the Paracel Islands and within waters claimed by China.
Dave Bennett, a spokesman for Carrier Strike Group One, said it did not discuss future operations of its units.
"The Carl Vinson Strike Group is on a regularly scheduled Western Pacific deployment as part of the U.S. Pacific Fleet-led initiative to extend the command and control functions of the U.S. 3rd Fleet," he said.
"U.S. Navy aircraft carrier strike groups have patrolled the Indo-Asia-Pacific regularly and routinely for more than 70 years," he said.
China lays claim to almost all of the resource-rich South China Sea, through which about $5 trillion worth of trade passes each year.
Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam also claim parts of the waters that command strategic sea lanes and have rich fishing grounds, along with oil and gas deposits.
The United States has criticized Beijing's construction of man-made islands and build-up of military facilities in the sea, and expressed concern they could be used to restrict free movement.
MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab (CSAIL) wants to ensure your streaming video experience stays smooth. A research team led by MIT professor Mohammad Alizadeh has developed an artificial intelligence (dubbed ‘Pensieve') that can select the best algorithms for ensuring video streams both without interruption, and at the best possible playback quality.
The method improves upon existing tech, including the adaptive bitrate (ABR) method used by YouTube that throttles back quality to keep videos playing, albeit with pixelation and other artifacts. The AI can select different algorithms depending on what kind of network conditions a device is experiencing, cutting down on the downsides associated with any one method.
During experimentation, the CSAIL research team behind this method found that video streamed with between 10 and 30 percent less rebuffing, with 10 to 25 percent improved quality. Those gains would definitely add up to a significantly improved experience for most video viewers, especially over a long period.
Pensieve overview Pensieve outperforming existing approaches Pensieve neural network detailed diagram View Slideshow Previous Next Exit
The difference in CSAIL's Pensieve approach vs. traditional methods is mainly in its use of a neural network instead of sticking to a strictly algorithmic-based approach. The neural net learns how to optimize through a reward system that incentivizes smoother video playback, rather than setting out defined rules about what algorithmic techniques to use when buffering video.
Researchers say the system is also potentially tweakable on the user end, depending on what they want to prioritize in playback: You could, for instance, set Pensieve to optimize for playback quality, or conversely, for playback speed, or even for conservation of data.
The team is making their project code open source for Pensieve at SIGCOMM next week in LA, and they expect that when trained on a larger data set, it could provide even greater improvements in terms of performance and quality. They're also now going to test applying it to VR video, since the high bitrates required for a quality experience there are well suited to the kinds of improvements Pensieve can offer.
As part of the NewTech Meetup we will be holding a very cool pitch-off at the Oskar Blues The Oak Room at 1800 Pike Road in Longmont, CO. It's on Wednesday, April 19, 2017 starting at 6:00pm. The pitch-off will happen at about 7:30pm. You can RSVP here.
To apply to pitch please submit your info here. I will pick and contact eight companies to pitch for 2 minutes with 2 minutes of questions. If you do not get an email you are not pitching.
The winner of the pitch-off gets a table at Disrupt New York and the second place company gets two tickets to Disrupt New York.
See you soon!
Fox Networks Asia has picked up a slew of rights to film titles that were the hottest earlier this month in Cannes. They include Sam Raimi's “The Kingkiller Chronicle,” female actioner “355” to be produced by and star Jessica Chastain, and Benedict Cumberbatch-starring Cold War thriller “Ironbark.”
The networks group operates some 150 channels in Asia across 10 countries and territories. The titles acquired will air on Fox Movies Asia in South East Asia, including Hong Kong and Taiwan. They will also be available for VoD screening on Fox+, which is now functional in Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan and The Philippines.
“By acquiring blockbuster epics, laugh-out-loud comedies and thoughtful independent products at Cannes this year, Fox Movies Asia is maintaining the title of top movie channel in the region,” said Keertan Adyanthaya, FNG's executive VP, content & marketing, in the APAC region.
“355” which during Cannes was the subject of bid battles for North American and Chinese rights, is to be directed by “X-Men” producer Simon Kinberg and will star Fan Bingbing, Lupita Nyong'o and Penelope Cruz alongside Chastain. “Ironbark” is a fact-based story based on the activities of British businessman Greville Wynne. Like “355” its rights sales are handled by FilmNation.
Related The Best Fashion at Cannes 2018 Cannes Standout 'Happy as Lazzaro' Inks Major Global Sales (EXCLUSIVE)
Pitched by Lionsgate, “Kingkiller” is based on Patrick Rothfuss's novel “The Name of the Wind,” and is to be directed by Sam Raimi on a budget over $100 million. “Scary Stories” is produced and co-written by Guillermo del Toro, from Alvin Schwartz book series, and is to be directed by Andre Ovredal. Rights were handled by Sierra/Affinity.
The broadcast group also picked up two other yet-to-be released Lionsgate titles, “Robin Hood” and “The Spy Who Dumped Me.” Starring Taron Egerton and Jamie Foxx, “Robin Hood” is and action-heavy retelling of the traditional British tale, produced by Leonardo DiCaprio. “Spy” is an action comedy starring Mila Kunis and Kate McKinnon. Both are set for theatrical releases this year.
From XYZ Films, Fox picked up “Arctic,” the first feature film from Brazilian YouTube director Joe Penna. It stars Mads Mikkelsen as a man stranded in the Arctic, and on a deadly trek to survive. From Rocket Science it bought “The Old Man and the Gun, is an American crime film written and directed by David Lowery, with Robert Redford, Casey Affleck and Danny Glover in the leading roles.
India's Shubhankhar Sharma is glad he changed his mind and played in the Joburg Open, after overcoming a lengthy weather delay and a Monday finish to win the by three strokes at Randpark Golf Club.
Shubankar Sharma of India and his caddie celebrate their Joburg Open triumph. Luke Walker/Getty Images
Sharma closed with a round of 69 to claim the biggest victory of his career on 23-under par. South Africa's Erik van Rooyen finished second on 20-under with a final round of 66.
After a heavy thunderstorm forced the suspension of Sunday's final round, play resumed on the Firethorn course on Monday morning.
Sharma led Van Rooyen by four strokes with 11 holes to play on the Firethorn course. The 21-year-old rising star of Indian golf started the final round with a five-stroke lead and birdied the second hole to climb six strokes clear of the field. Van Rooyen made four birdies in five holes from the third to make a contest of it.
Sharma returned on Monday morning and birdied the ninth, which was the last birdie he would and also needed to make.
But Sharma, who has also won himself a a spot at next year's Open Championship with the win, almost didn't travel to South Africa to play in the co-sanctioned tournament. Van Rooyen and Shaun Norris took the other two for next year's Major at Carnoustie.
Cosafa U20 Championships on Kwesé! The hunt for the Southern African crown at the COSAFA Under-20 Championships in Zambia takes place from December 6-16, and you can catch all the action LIVE and FREE on Kwesé Free Sports. Click here to find out where and how you can watch Kwesé TV.
"It feels fantastic," Sharma said of his victory. "I'm glad I made the decision to come here after thinking about not coming.
"It has been absolutely fantastic and the people are very welcoming. I don't think I will ever forget this week. This is my first win on the Asian Tour and the European Tour so it means a lot to me."
Despite having a five-stroke lead at the start of the final round, Sharma stayed true to his strategy of playing aggressively.
"On the first day there were 240 players. I was just trying to play two good rounds to make the cut and the cut was really low. I was playing well and had a great start on the second day which got things going for me. As soon as I reached minus 13 after two days, I thought I had a chance to win," he said.
"The only thing I was telling myself was to stay aggressive. I never wanted to be defensive. Even when I was leading I never thought of defending my lead. I actually set a target of 25-under."
Stating that most cases of eye cancer in the country get detected at alarmingly late stages, doctors here have stressed on the importance of spreading awareness about types of the disease and its symptoms among people to ensure its prevention, detection and treatment.
"Eye cancer in this part of the world is not very frequent but it can make one blind and even turn fatal if not detected at a certain stage. Most of the time the patients come very late and the treatment becomes complex.
"People should be made aware that like all body parts, the eye can also develop cancer and cancer in different organs can travel to the eye," Bikramjit Pal, Ocular Oncology expert in Sankara Nethralaya said at an event in the hospital here ahead of World Cancer Day on February 4.
"The patients come at very late stages to the hospital. Also a lot of patients do not follow the medical protocol," he said.
The doctor said specialised facilities for treating various cancerous tumors of the eye and surrounding structures as well as specialised doctors are scarce in the country.
"In eastern India there is just one such institute while western and central India has nothing that treats eye cancer. You can count the number of medical facilities in the country that specialise in treating eye cancer. Also there are hardly any trained ocular oncologists in the country. There are hardly 10 or 11 people in whole of India," he pointed out.
"The most common form of eye cancer among kids below five years is called Retinoblastoma in which there can be a squint in the eye or it might have a white appearing inside the pupil. Cases of Retinoblastoma can be seen in one among twenty thousand kids," Pal said.
"If it is detected at an early stage the kid and his eyesight both can be saved. But if it gets too late, the cancer can kill the eyesight and even become fatal in some cases," he added.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Apple has revealed its financial results from the last three months, and the firm's revenues and profits are the highest they've ever been.
In the last three months of 2017, Apple reported revenue of $88.3 billion (£62 billion).
This is an increase of 13 per cent from the same quarter in 2016, and an all-time record.
Apple also had a record quarterly profit of $20.1 billion (£14 billion), despite sales of the iPhone X falling short of estimates.
While Apple sold 78.3 million iPhones in the last quarter of 2016, the firm sold just 77.3 million devices in the final three months of 2017.
Thankfully for Apple, the iPhone X's higher price tag of £999 helped the firm to make increased profits, despite selling fewer devices.
Tim Cook , CEO of Apple said: “We're thrilled to report the biggest quarter in Apple's history, with broad-based growth that included the highest revenue ever from a new iPhone lineup.
“iPhone X surpassed our expectations and has been our top-selling iPhone every week since it shipped in November.
“We've also achieved a significant milestone with our active installed base of devices reaching 1.3 billion in January.
“That's an increase of 30 percent in just two years, which is a testament to the popularity of our products and the loyalty and satisfaction of our customers.”
John Isner calls on his experience against Rafael Nadal to explain the best way to challenge the world No. 1 at the French Open. (1:46)
PARIS -- At 6-foot-10, John Isner naturally stands head and shoulders above many of his peers, but there are a few other things that distinguish him from the pack that has chased the dominant players of this era.
Earlier this season, Isner joined a club of three other men when he passed the 10,000-ace milestone -- many accumulated in the tiebreakers he earns with his fearsome service delivery, and 112 in the longest match in history, his surreal 2010 Wimbledon opener against Nicolas Mahut.
Also, Isner played college tennis for four years, an anomaly on the men's tour. He equaled his career-high ranking of No. 9 this spring, six years after he first achieved it.
Here at Roland Garros, Isner wears an invisible badge of honor as the only man to extend Rafael Nadal to five sets in a first-round match at the event the Spaniard has won 10 times. The hot day in 2011 pushed both men to the limit.
Editor's Picks Serena, Venus team for doubles win at French Serena and Venus Williams dropped the first set at the French Open before coming back to win their first Grand Slam doubles match since 2016.
Serena Williams and the mother of all comebacks It was a solid win and a superhero statement. Should we have expected anything less from Serena Williams at the French Open?
He lost at the French Open, but the legend of Marco Trungelliti lives on Say it ain't so, Marco. The Argentine's run came to an end Wednesday at the French Open, but we won't soon forget his journey. 2 Related
"I just went out there with really nothing to lose and just going out and playing the big points pretty well, but eventually I succumbed to him," the ninth-seeded Isner recalled after dispatching fellow American Noah Rubin in the first round this week.
"But that was a great memory for me. I think going into that match, I hadn't played well that year. And even though I lost, it actually set me up for the rest of the year because I started playing much better after that."
Isner has had to draw positives from his close calls. He's had a lot of moral victories on occasions when he'd rather have tangible ones. That dynamic shifted in March, when Isner won the Miami Open the month before his 33rd birthday for the first Masters 1000 event win of his career.
It was a breakthrough that germinated off-court during the tournament over a series of dinners out with his part-time coach, David Macpherson, a longtime guide for doubles icons Bob and Mike Bryan.
Their talks were casual, with one sporting event or another playing out on a television screen overhead. Macpherson usually ordered a whiskey and Isner a glass of wine. But Isner had a serious agenda. He wanted to break the habit he thought was holding him back, and more importantly, he thought he was capable of change.
"As a professional athlete, you want to feel so strong and impervious to everything, but that wasn't the case for me and I let him know that," Isner told me in Houston at the U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships last month. "I let him know what I was feeling in the big moments. I let him know sometimes how scared I was."
The most recent example had come at Indian Wells, where Isner froze and "played eight feet behind the baseline" at a critical juncture of his second-round match with France's Gael Monfils.
"I'd find myself seizing up, not freeing up," Isner said. "And just wanting to win so badly that I didn't want to go after it myself, I was a little afraid of that. With how I'm built, it's the absolute wrong thing to do. When other players get nervous and get tight -- say, be it a Nadal, a Djokovic, a Murray -- they can rely on their wheels. I can't. I'd just find myself hoping my opponent would miss. I knew what was holding me up was myself."
Macpherson suggested Isner use personal analytics to track his angst vis-à-vis his results: a scale of 1 to 10, with 10 representing the positive end of the spectrum. Isner started out right in the middle and -- in the goal-oriented manner of a veteran athlete -- strove to ratchet it higher. "Somewhere along the line, I was a steady 9 or 10," Isner said, able to put bad points behind him more efficiently and stop lingering on missed opportunities.
Tennis Channel commentator Justin Gimelstob, who still works with Isner on occasion, said he regarded Miami as a confirmation.
"It was beautiful to see it all fall into place in Miami, but I wasn't surprised," Gimelstob said in Houston. "I've always known what he is capable of. And I believe he's capable of much more. This is the best his tennis skills have ever been. Obviously, the cornerstone of his game is the serve, and that's what creates so many opportunities, but there was some very good shot-making [in Miami].
"John is a very amiable, affable, kind-hearted guy, but he's not one of those guys who want to sit around and ponder tennis or talk tennis. I think he's become more of a student of the game and a student of his game, owning his game, owning his emotions."
Isner says he's mindful of evolving as an athlete and tries to stay open to change. He has become a devotee of spin classes, which give him an ideal, sweat-drenched workout and spare the pounding on his legs -- important for a big man's overall health.
Since 2014, the French Open is the only major in which John Isner has reached the fourth round twice. May 29, 2018, Paris, France:
Yet earlier this season, Isner didn't feel wiser just because he was older. "People say, 'Oh, experience is gonna help in this situation,' but no, sometimes it doesn't," he said. "Experience can kinda backfire on you. You tell yourself, 'I should win this match, I'm the more experienced player,' and then you're playing against someone who maybe doesn't have as much to lose, and things just don't really go your way."
Carrying momentum between different surfaces on different continents is one of the most challenging things about tennis, and Isner, who will face Argentina's Horacio Zeballos in the second round, has not had a stellar clay-court season. But he said his match with Rubin told him he was still closer to 10 than 1 on his own personal gauge.
"I think the stats would lie today," he told reporters. "I had nine or ten break points in that third set, and I had four or five match points before I finally won the match. But I don't feel like I played those points too poorly. It was more of the case of Noah stepping up and playing some good tennis. And having a tough match like this, a match that I really, really had to dig deep, and especially in the first round, I think can bode well going forward."
Feb 2 (Reuters) -The FIMMDA-Thomson Reuters Mumbai Inter-bank Forward Offered rate for six months based on the implied yield using dollar-rupee premium is 6.78 percent on Friday compared with 6.70 percent the previous day. The FIMMDA-Thomson Reuters Mumbai rupee overnight offered rate(MITOR) based on the cash-spot dollar rupee premium was 5.91 percent on Friday. One-month, two-month, three-month, six-month and one-year swaps and benchmark rates are given in the table below. -------------------------------------------------------------- dlr/rupee In percent Implied rupees (Spot to) (paise) (annualised) Interest rates(%) -------------------------------------------------------------- 1M(06/03/18) 22.50/24.00 04.58/04.88 06.18/06.49 2M(06/04/18) 52.25/54.00 05.04/05.21 06.75/06.92 3M(07/05/18) 77.25/79.25 04.89/05.02 06.72/06.85 6M(06/08/18) 147.75/149.75 04.65/04.71 06.72/06.78 1Y(06/02/19) 287.50/289.50 04.49/04.52 06.91/06.95 Spot rate : 1$ = 64.0781 rupees (Source - RBI reference rate from Thomson Reuters page Note: Figures in brackets indicate negative values. The US Dollar LIBOR rates are published by the British Bankers' Association and sourced from the Thomson Reuters page . The implied benchmark rates will be available on Thomson Reuters pages by typing or followed by the ENTER key or double-clicking , . Refer to Thomson Reuters page for the calculation methodology. FIMMDA refers to Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association of India. ($1=0)
Monday, January 2, 2017 at 3:54 am |
U.S. President Barack Obama meets with President-elect Donald Trump to discuss transition plans in the White House Oval Office, Nov. 10, 2016. (Reuters/Kevin Lamarque)
HONOLULU (AP) - His last presidential vacation behind him, Barack Obama is entering the closing stretch of his term, an eleventh-hour push to tie up loose ends and put finishing touches on his legacy before handing the reins to President-elect Donald Trump.
Obama returns to Washington at midday Monday from Hawaii with fewer than three weeks remaining in his presidency. His final days in office will largely be consumed by a bid to protect his endangered healthcare law, a major farewell speech and the ongoing handover of power to Trump.
His speech planned for his hometown of Chicago on Jan. 10 is expected to be his closing message to the nation, and will be open to the public, according to a notice sent to Obama “alumni” and obtained by The Associated Press. The trip will likely be Obama's last outside Washington as president and will include a “family reunion” for Obama's former campaign staffers.
Obama is also planning last-minute commutations and pardons, White House officials said, in line with his second-term effort to cut sentences for inmates given unduly harsh sentences.
After taking office eight years ago, Obama and his aides were effusive in their praise for how Obama's predecessor, George W. Bush, helped his team take over the massive bureaucracy that is the federal government. Obama has vowed to pass on the favor to Trump.
“The smooth transition of power is chief among priorities,” said White House spokesman Eric Schultz.
But the transition hasn't been without incident.
The two teams have clashed over the Trump staff's requests for information that Obama aides fear could be used to identify and eliminate government employees who worked on Obama priorities like climate change and minority rights overseas. Trump's team, meanwhile, has been frustrated by Obama's attempts in the final days to box Trump in with parting moves to block ocean drilling, declare new monuments and further empty out the Guantanamo Bay prison.
While on his annual vacation in Oahu, Obama asserted himself forcefully on two foreign policy issues that put him in direct conflict with Trump. Obama directed the U.S. to defy tradition by allowing passage of a U.N. Security Council resolution criticizing Israel on settlements, then slapped Russia with sweeping penalties over U.S. allegations of hacking against the U.S. political process.
Trump sided with Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu in the first case and Russian President Vladimir Putin in the second. He's vacillated between praising Obama for how he's handled the transition, and criticizing him over it on Twitter.
The final days are Obama's last chance to define his presidency before he loses the bully pulpit and cedes his legacy to historians. For Obama, helping Americans understand how his two terms have reshaped American life is even more critical – amid concerns that Trump may undo much of what he accomplished, including the health law.
As Trump and Republicans vow to gut the Affordable Care Act, Democrats are working to devise a strategy to protect the law by exploiting GOP divisions. Some Republicans want to strip out unpopular “Obamacare” provisions while leaving major parts intact, while others prefer a start-from-scratch approach.
To that end, Obama will travel Wednesday to the Capitol to meet with House and Senate Democrats, likely his last such session with his party's lawmakers as president.
His administration is also working feverishly to finish up regulations in the pipeline that Obama hopes can be completed in the final days, perhaps increasing the likelihood that his policies carry over. But the closer it gets to Trump's inauguration, the harder those tasks become.
Though Obama remains president until Jan. 20, the White House can't process the departure of all its staffers in a single day. So this week Obama aides will start “offloading,” turning in their Blackberries and shutting down their computers for the last time, leaving a smaller staff on hand for the final days.
Obama must also prepare to become a private citizen for the first time in two decades. An office of the former president must be established, and Obama and his family will be making arrangements to move into a rental home in Northwest Washington where they plan to stay until their youngest daughter finishes high school.
The Obamas have long lamented how the presidency denied them normal freedom and privacy, with first lady Michelle Obama likening the White House to “a really nice prison.”
New Delhi: The horrific Istanbul nightclub attack killed as many as 39 innocent people leaving dozens injured during New Year's celebration in the intervening night of December 31-January 1.
IANS quoted BBC as saying, “The unknown assailant, who escaped amid the 'chaos', opened fire at Reina nightclub early on Sunday when more than 700 people gathered to celebrate the new year.”
The External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj today confirmed on Twitter that two Indian Nationals were killed during the Istanbul nightclub attack. She tweeted: “I have bad news from Turkey. We have lost two Indian nationals in the Istanbul attack. Indian Ambassador is a on way to Istanbul. /1”
I have bad news from Turkey. We have lost two Indian nationals in the Istanbul attack. Indian Ambassador is a on way to Istanbul. /1 — Sushma Swaraj (@SushmaSwaraj) January 1, 2017
“The victims are Mr.Abis Rizvi son of former Rajya Sabha MP and Ms.Khushi Shah from Gujarat. /2”
The victims are Mr.Abis Rizvi son of former Rajya Sabha MP and Ms.Khushi Shah from Gujarat. /2 — Sushma Swaraj (@SushmaSwaraj) January 1, 2017
Soon after it was confirmed Bollywood mourned the death of Abis, who was a producer-director and CEO of Rizvi builders. He had produced a number of films including the 2014 movie 'Roar: The Tigers of the Sundarbans.'
ANI quotes veteran actor Raza Murad as saying:
Ninda krne se kuch nahin hoga, khade khade goli maar do unhe(terrorists):Raza Murad on Istanbul attack victim Abis Rizvi(Bollywood producer) pic.twitter.com/3bLSpOXqTX — ANI (@ANI_news) January 1, 2017
Devastated by the death of my friend #AbisRizvi in the dastardly terrorist attack this morning in an #Istanbul nightclub. — Jaaved Jaaferi (@jaavedjaaferi) January 1, 2017
People who carry out attacks on innocent civilians are the scum of the earth #Istanbul #TerrorAttack.
There should be no mercy on them — Jaaved Jaaferi (@jaavedjaaferi) January 1, 2017
Devastated to hear that our friend #AbisRizvi was shot dead in the Istanbul nightclub attack. My heart goes out to his family. RIP — Pooja Bhatt (@PoojaB1972) January 1, 2017
Shocked by the news of losing one of my long time & dearest friend, Abis Rizvi, in the shootout in Istanbul. Will miss you my friend. RIP pic.twitter.com/KFhHjx6Xci — Madhur Bhandarkar (@imbhandarkar) January 1, 2017
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
New research has suggested that what thieves target when they do get into your property is changing.
Insurer Protect Your Bubble analysed official crime survey figures, and found that jewellery and watches were stolen in 36% of burglaries between April 2015 and March 2016.
However, that figure stood at 29% a decade ago, and actually dropped as low as 24% in 2011.
As watches and jewellery have become more popular with thieves, fewer of them are taking cash.
During the same period, 44% of domestic burglaries involved the theft of a wallet or cash; ten years ago, it was a part of 51% of burglaries.
Protect Your Bubble reckons this is a reflection of society becoming increasingly cashless.
Rob Basinger from Protect Your Bubble said: “As we move to a less cash reliant society we can see that thieves are being attracted by other valuables that we keep in our homes and often carry with us. The glint of jewellery or the glamour of an expensive watch are catching the eye of criminals like never before.”
Increased chance of being burgled again
(Photo: Rex)
A separate study from Churchill Home Insurance found that burglary victims have a one in four chance of being burgled again while living in the same property.
Around one in five Brits - that's more than 10 million adults - say that they have been a victim of burglary. In London, 26% of residents claim to have been burgled in the past, while a quarter of those in the North West and Yorkshire & Humber say they have fallen victim to burglars.
Somewhat surprisingly, one in ten burglary victims said they did not then improve their home's security systems, instead relying on what they already had in place.
How are they getting in?
Churchill found that almost half (47%) of successful burglars get access to the property through the front, with 38% finding a way in through the back.
Incredibly, more than a quarter of burglaries occurred as a result of a door not being locked.
What's more, burglars are happy to take the chance of breaking in even in broad daylight - 45% of burglaries take place between 6am and 6pm.
Burglary hotspots
(Photo: Getty)
Last month MoneySupermarket named the nation's burglary hotspots, with London postcodes accounting for a whopping 16 of the top 20.
It analysed home insurance quotes over the last two years to identify the areas most likely to make a claim for contents theft.
Redbridge (IG4) took top spot, with 54.7 claims per 1,000 quotes, ahead of Whetstone (N20), Chadwell Heath (RM6) and Kirkstall (LS5).
poll loading Have you ever been burgled? 0+ VOTES SO FAR YES NO
Kevin Pratt, consumer affairs expert at MoneySuperMarket, said: “Burglars are interested in two things: where should I go to find stuff worth stealing and where am I least likely to get caught?
"Our findings suggest busy urban areas are the biggest targets for theft, but those who call leafy suburbia home should also be aware of the risks associated with the higher anticipated value of their belongings.”
Making your home more secure
(Photo: Getty)
Obviously, locking your doors and windows is a useful, though apparently overlooked, first step to keeping your home secure.
A security alarm is also worth considering. Not only will it make your home safer, but it will also cut the cost of your home insurance!
You should also take a look at your locks. Mortice locks are more secure - basically, if it has at least five levers, it's a good shout. If in doubt, have a chat with a locksmith.
Churchill says that the best burglary deterrent is for the home to be occupied. So if you are going to be away for a couple of days, ask a neighbour or relative to pop over now and again, or invest in timed lights.
Avoid making it obvious that you aren't home - that includes posting holiday updates on social media too.
If you have bought something expensive - say a big telly or a new computer - then don't leave the packaging on show outside. If you can't fit it into your recycling bin, then pop down to a public recycling centre.
You should also keep expensive items out of view from outside the property.
Martin Scott, head of Churchill home insurance, said that whether you have been burgled or not it's important to consider the weak points in your home security and think about installing visible deterrents, like CCTV or motion activated lights.
He added: “Burglars avoid targeting properties that are difficult to enter and leave, so don't be an easy target for them.”
During his meeting with Khan, Shaikh Hamdan welcomed Snapchat's plans to expand in the UAE and region through its headquarters in Dubai. He stressed that the UAE in general, and Dubai in particular, always has its doors open for investors in all sectors, and is keen on helping investors and companies overcome any obstacles that they may face.
News that Hong Kong government broadcaster RTHK will cease rebroadcasting the BBC World Service on AM radio has prompted calls for its reinstatement, after the station said it would be replaced by programming in Mandarin from China's state broadcaster.
BBC World Service programming, which has been rebroadcast in the former British colony since 1978, will be replaced with China National Radio Hong Kong Edition from Sept. 4, ending nearly four decades of continuous broadcasting in the city, the station said.
The decision was taken to “enhance the cultural exchange between mainland China and Hong Kong,” RTHK spokeswoman Amen Ng said.
BBC World Service programming will still be available after the nightly shutdown of RTHK Radio 4, however.
The move comes as media watchdogs cite growing influence wielded by the ruling Chinese Communist Party over the formerly freewheeling city's political life and media, saying Chinese money is largely behind self-censorship on the part of Hong Kong news organizations.
Ng told RFA the move wasn't politically motivated, however.
“I don't accept that this was a political arrangement,” she said. “Otherwise, why would we have worked so hard to keep international broadcasters like the BBC? This entire decision has been RTHK's.”
“We only have so many channels, and now that we no longer have digital channels, RTHK has been left with just three FMs and four AM channels, seven in total,” Ng told RFA. “We had to think of a way to include all important services in the mix, and … China National Radio's Hong Kong Edition is tailored to our audience.”
She dismissed claims of self-censorship at the flagship station.
“A lot of people have been asking me if we still have editorial independence at RTHK, and of course I tell them that we do,” Ng said.
Full story: rfa.org
Reported by Lam Kwok-lap for RFA's Cantonese Service, and by Gao Feng for the Mandarin Service. Translated and edited by Luisetta Mudie.
Copyright © 1998-2017, RFA. Used with the permission of Radio Free Asia, 2025 M St. NW, Suite 300, Washington DC 20036. http://www.rfa.org.
Have your say
A crow has been filmed greeting tourists with ‘Y'alright love?' in a Yorkshire accent.
Some members of the crow family are able to mimic human speech – and repeat other noises like a car engine.
-> 8 dream jobs currently up for grabs in Yorkshire
Lisa and Mark Brooks were on a day trip to Knaresborough Castle, North Yorkshire, when they spotted the chatterbox chirping away as they walked the grounds.
Mother-of-two Lisa took out her phone to film the moment. ‘Y'alright love?'
The 34-second clip shows the pied crow fiddling with a twig before hopping onto a wall to greet the couple with the endearing phrase ‘Y'alright love?'.
Chef Lisa, 43, from Leeds, said: “I like videoing wildlife and had spent the morning video squirrels and other birds.
“I wandered over to the crow and just heard this faint call of ‘y'alright love'.
-> Banksy artwork hauled down after Yorkshire bridge ruled hazardous
"At first I thought it was Mark messing around but after a few minutes I realised it was the bird.
"I found it absolutely hilarious. It must be a local – it has a proper Yorkshire accent. We were there for 15 minutes and it switched between saying ‘darling' and ‘love'.
"Other people started coming over and were just in shock.
"I don't think anyone has seen a talking crow before – let alone one with a thick Yorkshire accent.”
The footage has been viewed 720,000 times since it was uploaded on Facebook at the weekend. It has also raked up 1,500 likes and over 13,600 shares.
* Egypt's blue chip index is the worst performer
* Dubai's Shuaa Capital flat despite strong Q2 results
* Foreign funds net sellers in Qatar
* Saudi German Hospital slumps on Q2 earnings miss
* Insurance stocks outperform
By Celine Aswad
DUBAI, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Stock markets in the Middle East that are most exposed to foreign funds were the chief losers on Sunday, taking their cue from international bourses, where the mood was soured last week by growing tensions between the United States and North Korea.
The worst performer in the region was Egypt's blue-chip index, which dropped 1.4 percent as all but two of the 30 most valuable shares declined. The broader EGX100 fell 0.7 percent.
Shares often traded by foreign funds were particularly weak, with Investment firm EFG Hermes dropping 5.8 percent and Commercial International Bank shedding 1.4 percent.
Dubai's index fell 0.9 percent in very thin trade, its largest single-day decline since June 21, as a little under three-quarters of listed shares fell. Emaar Properties , which is expected to report quarterly earnings in the coming days, fell 1.4 percent.
Shuaa Capital closed flat after rising as much as 4.8 percent earlier in the day after reporting a second-quarter net profit of 12.1 million dirhams ($3.3 million) compared with a loss of 50.8 million dirhams a year ago.
Abu Dhabi's index lost 1.1 percent as four of the top five most valuable companies fell; Aldar Properties declined 2.1 percent.
In Qatar, the index fell 0.4 percent as 30 shares declined and only six rose. Foreign funds were net sellers, bourse data showed.
Saudi Arabia's index edged down 0.2 percent as Middle East Healthcare, operator of Saudi German Hospital, slumped its 10 percent daily limit to 69.0 riyals after reporting disappointing quarterly results.
In the three months to June 30, the company made a net profit of 57.1 million riyals ($15.2 million), down 22.9 percent from last year and significantly below the 85.9 million riyals estimated by NCB Capital.
Nevertheless, NCB Capital maintained an "overweight" rating on the stock with a price target of 95.3 riyals. "Expansion plan and attractive valuation are the stock's key positives ... However, high account receivables are a key concern," it said.
The Saudi insurance sector, often traded by local, short-term speculative traders, contained some of the top performers, with Amana Insurance jumping nearly 10 percent.
HIGHLIGHTS
SAUDI ARABIA
* The index edged down 0.2 percent to 7,148 points.
DUBAI
* The index dropped 0.9 percent to 3,614 points.
ABU DHABI
* The index lost 1.1 percent to 4,501 points.
QATAR
* The index declined 0.4 percent to 9,205 points.
EGYPT
* The index fell 1.4 percent to 13,280 points.
KUWAIT
* The index edged up 0.02 percent to 6,846 points.
BAHRAIN
* The index decreased 0.1 percent to 1,323 points.
OMAN
* The index fell 0.4 percent 4,970 points. (Editing by Andrew Torchia and Alison Williams)
A court has upheld a five-year prison sentence for a Detroit-area man who talked about making attacks on behalf of the Islamic State group -- a key decision that can serve as a precedent in other cases.
Khalil Abu Rayyan was convicted of gun-related crimes. The 23-year-old wasn't charged with terrorism and never attacked anyone. But the judge who gave him the long sentence said he couldn't ignore Rayyan's online fascination with terrorism.
A federal appeals court said Monday that Judge George Caram Steeh carefully used his discretion to come up with a "reasonable sentence." Rayyan's guidelines were much lower than the five-year punishment. He apologized and said he didn't hurt anyone.
The appeals court hears federal cases from Michigan, Kentucky, Tennessee and Ohio.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
A woman ties a Rakhi or a traditional Indian sacred thread on the wrist of a taxi driver to celebrate the Hindu festival of Raksha Bandhan, during which a sister ties one or more of the sacred threads onto her brother's wrist to ask him for her...more
A woman ties a Rakhi or a traditional Indian sacred thread on the wrist of a taxi driver to celebrate the Hindu festival of Raksha Bandhan, during which a sister ties one or more of the sacred threads onto her brother's wrist to ask him for her protection, in Kolkata, August 7, 2017. REUTERS/Rupak De Chowdhuri
Close
Published:
Share This
Twenty-six Boko Haram members have surrendered to the military authorities in Damboa Local Government Area of Borno State.The ‘repentant' terrorists were paraded on Friday in Maiduguri, the Borno State capital after being quizzed by the military.They were said to have surrendered last week and turned over arms and ammunition including RPGs, after which they were taken to Maiduguri for deradicalizsation.
Dongsanqi village is the latest community to be demolished under a municipal campaign to dismantle what the city authority says are unsafe dwellings following years of "disorderly" development.
PITTSBURGH -- Chicago Cubs right-hander Yu Darvish has right triceps inflammation, but the MRI revealed no structural damage, the team announced Wednesday.
It's the best possible news regarding the $126 million addition to the 2016 world champions. Darvish, 31, was scratched on the eve of his last start and placed on the 10-day disabled list over the weekend as he felt discomfort between outings. He will look to begin a throwing program late this weekend or early next week.
Darvish has had several ailments since signing on with the Cubs, including a stomach bug in spring training, leg cramping, the flu and now the inflammation in his surgically repaired pitching arm. He's just 1-3 with a 4.95 ERA in eight starts. Mike Montgomery will continue to take his place in the rotation.
In other injury news, reliever Carl Edwards Jr. was placed on 10-day DL with right shoulder inflammation.
Feb 2(Reuters) - Zhejiang Century Huatong Group Co Ltd
* Says three Shanghai-based limited partnerships raise stake in the co to 8.3 percent, 1.8 percent and 5.4 percent from 0 percent respectively
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/MtLTYR; goo.gl/BLwP6y
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
One iPhone case is much like the other unless it's made of figured walnut wood from a retired woodworker in California and feels like the surface of a finely-sanded and well-made piece of antique cabinetry. That's why Kerf Cases, a Pittsburgh-based manufacturer, is so cool.
The founder, Ben Saks, has been working in wood for most of his life. While working at Carnegie Mellon University he created his first case using a manual milling machine and then, over the next six months, he perfected his design. He became an artist residency at Alpha Lab Gear in 2014 and then joined Techship Pittsburgh where he honed his product. Finally he opened a facility in Pittsburgh's East End.
KerfCase-iPhone7Case-bocotewood-bokeh KerfCase-reclaimed-log Processed with VSCO with hb1 preset KerfCase-GooglePixelCase-Cherry-front KerfCase-hand-finished KerfCase-hand-finished-two View Slideshow Previous Next Exit
Saks makes cases for iPhones and the Pixel. They start at $99 and are available in multiple woods including mahogany, cherry, and maple. All of the pieces come from salvaged trees and Saks makes wallets and iPad accessories as well.
“‘Kerf' is the thickness of material removed from a saw blade, usually measured in 1/1000 of an inch. This standard wood working term is important to KerfCase's philosophy, as it represents the precision needed to make our wood iPhone cases,” said Saks. “Every piece of wood has a story, whether it's a piece of reclaimed flooring, or a beautiful burled wood from a local tree which was damaged in a storm. Our woodworking is a continuation of this story, connecting you to the history of the material.”
“Kerf is not a startup, and it took us a long time to realize this. Our value proposition is not something that is scaleable like software. By scaling, we would loose the most important aspects of our business. We have grown slowly and organically, through word-of-mouth and a small, dedicated fanbase,” he said.
The case I tested, a deep and dark walnut model, is smooth and cool to the touch and actually amplifies the speaker thanks to the way the wood surrounds the entire phone. It's quite light and feels far nicer than the original rubber case. It's no richly-inlaid wooden case hand-made by a blind woodcutter but, I suspect, it's the next best thing.
LAHORE, Dec 11 (APP):Pakistan veterans cricket team returned home
on Monday from the successful tour of Sri Lanka making a clean sweep in
the four match series.
After winning the first three matches with ease and comfort ,the touring side continued its sparkling performance outclassing the home side by four wickets.
Pak veterans team led by chief executive , Pakistan veterans cricket association, Ashiq Hussain Qureshi put up brilliance with collective efforts to win the series during its nine day tour.
Batted first, Lankan side posted 221 runs in 33.5 overs with Fernando hammering a solid century 107 . Athola and Paul contributed 31 and 24 runs.
Man of the match Imtiaz Tarar captured four wickets for 28 runs in a
deadly spell. Zafar Ali took two wickets for 43 as Asim Jaa and Fawad
Ijaz Khan got one wicket for 34 and 46 runs.
In reply, Pakistan veterans knocked off the target for the loss
of four wickets in 31.5 overs.
Dastagior Butt remained unbeaten with 44 runs and Ghulam Ali (26)
and Aamir Ilyas Butt (13) led the side to success with responsible
batting.
Angelo three for 21 and Depaul three for 54 runs dominated from
Lankan bowling.
Ashiq Hussain Qureshi awarded man of the match award to Imtiaz
after the match.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street got extremely tense tonight, as Maria Connor saw Eva Price and Adam Barlow get close.
But it wasn't the love triangle/square that got a lot of people talking, but something else entirely.
Eagle-eyed Corrie fans noticed Fiz Brown's daughter Hope has a completely new face.
Isabella Flanagan has taken over the role of the seven year old, replacing twins Faith and Nicole Holt who had jointly played the role since 2012.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
And if Isabella may seem a little familiar to soap fans, that could be because her lookalike older sister is ALSO a soap star, as reported by Manchester Evening News .
Nine-year-old Amelia Flanagan stars in ITV soap Emmerdale as April Windsor.
Isabella's proud parents Rachel and Chris Flanagan both tweeted their joy of her soap debut on Monday night, with Rachel saying: “So proud of this one”.
Isabella was seen on Monday night's double instalment in playful scenes with her screen mum Fiz, played by Jennie McAlpine, and her uncle Chesney, played by Sam Aston.
(Image: itv pics)
(Image: ITV)
She was seen giving her uncle a cake that she and her step-sister Ruby had made, saying: “there's no snot in it or anything.”
The change in actress caught some viewers by surprise - particularly as she looks quite different from the young twin actresses who previously played her.
While the character of Hope has been on the street for just seven short years, they have certainly been eventful.
As a baby she arrived on screen in the 50th anniversary live episode in December 2010 - the daughter of Fiz Stape and her murderer husband Jon Stape.
Hope's premature arrival made history as the the first soap birth to ever have been aired live on screen.
In October 2015 Hope was diagnosed with cancer, leaving mum Fiz and stepdad Tyrone distraught - with Tyrone in particular getting into financial difficulties in his bid to create the “perfect” Christmas for their poorly daughter, although she is now in remission from the disease.
*Coronation Street continues on ITV1 at 7.30pm on Wednesday
Football Soccer - Premier League - Crystal Palace vs Huddersfield Town - London, Britain - August 12, 2017 Huddersfield Town manager David Wagner shakes hands with Crystal Palace manager Frank De Boer after the game Action Images via Reuters/Peter Cziborra
LONDON (Reuters) - Two managers new to the Premier League left Selhurst Park in very different moods after promoted Huddersfield Town shocked Crystal Palace with a 3-0 away win.
Town's German manager David Wagner was less surprised than those observers who have tipped his team to go straight back down to the Championship.
"The performance was good today and the result excellent," he said.
"We should not look too far ahead but focus on what we have seen today, and that made me very happy even if we know the result was a bit high.
"We were lucky Palace missed some of their opportunites -- and you need luck, too.
"We won't change. We must stick to our identity and idea, show togetherness and fighting and working attitude. We will not change that because we are in the Premier League."
Having strengthened his squad with a dozen new players in the close-season, Wagner saw the most expensive of them, Benin international Steve Mounie, score twice.
"Mounie is a good striker who likes to work in defence, too. He's a proper terrier, even if he is tall," the coach added.
Football Soccer - Premier League - Crystal Palace vs Huddersfield Town - London, Britain - August 12, 2017 Huddersfield Town manager David Wagner before the match Tolga Akmen
Palace's Frank de Boer, formerly in charge of Ajax and Inter Milan, was hugely disappointed with his first Premier League game.
"This was a very poor start for everyone (at Palace)," he said.
"It's difficult to start off like this. No one expected it, of course, so it was a very hard lesson.
"When we did what we were supposed to do we created our chances. We had lots of chances to go 2-1, then I was confident we could get a point out of it.
DESERVED WIN
"If you get a quick goal the crowd gets behind you.
"(Huddersfield) played as we expected, exactly what they showed last season, so it was no surprise.
"Three-nil means they deserved to win: compliments to Huddersfield." If Palace's performance left De Boer with plenty to think about ahead of a difficult trip to Liverpool next weekend, Wagner is already looking forward to his team's next assignment.
"I can't wait to play the first Premier League game in our history at home against Newcastle," he said.
GIVEN an alarming return of just one Championship win in their past 14 matches there, Loftus Road would probably be the last venue that Barnsley would wish to visit this afternoon.
Hosts QPR may be residing in a modest 17th place, just six points above the Reds and having lost their last two matches, but the arrival of the visitors today is likely to inspire the R's with a transfusion of confidence.
It is nothing especially to do with Barnsley's recent form either, but for reasons all to do with the history books.
The Reds' record at QPR is an atrocious one with the visitors having lost on their last 10 visits there.
All told, Barnsley have not won on their previous 24 trips to Loftus Road, with their only success there coming in a 5-0 victory way back in January 1950.
It is hardly a figure to provoke the Oakwell outfit with much cause for optimism, but assistant manager Jamie Clapham is rather more concerned with the here and now and tactical aspects of the game as opposed to history.
He said: “They are a difficult team to play. Ian Holloway is bubbly and energetic and that is the way his teams are.
“They change shapes within games and they could start with a couple of different shapes, so we have to make sure we are ready for anything.”
Barnsley at least head into the game with a triple boost following the deadline-day arrivals of Oli McBurnie, Matt Mills and Christoph Knasmullner.
With key midfielder Joe Williams available again following suspension, the visitors pick from relative strength ahead of a definitive part of the season with the Reds having plenty of work to do to retain their divisional status this season.
This task is magnified by a run of successive fixtures against rivals close by in the table with games also on the horizon against Sheffield Wednesday, Burton Albion and Birmingham City.
Clapham added: “We know that February and March are going to be huge and defining months for us. We are positive going into the rest of the season.”
There will be an increased police presence in Peterborough city centre this Saturday as England play Sweden in the World Cup quarter-final.
Officers have been working with pubs and partner agencies, including local authorities and the Crown Prosecution Service, to prevent any problems and take action if necessary.
There have been no major football-related issues so far in the tournament, which has seen England progress through the group stage and beat Columbia on penalties last night.
Superintendent Laura Hunt said: "We want everyone who goes out to watch an England match to do so without fear of violence or anti-social behaviour and so far I am happy with the way supporters have behaved.
"We want Saturday to be memorable for everyone for the right reasons so it's important that people drink sensibly.
"There will be a friendly police presence but any anti-social or illegal behaviour will be dealt with robustly."
Police work with pubs and officers to nip potential problems in the bud.
Anyone who has concerns about a football-related event or potential public order problems should contact police on 101.
Before and during matches, officers will visit pubs and bars to ensure they are complying with their licensing obligations, including not selling alcohol to those who are drunk.
If officers believe someone could commit crime or cause disorder, they can use orders under Section 27 of the Violent Crime Reduction Act to remove them from an area for 48 hours.
They will also confiscate alcohol from children or from anyone drinking it in areas covered by a DPPO (Designated Public Places Order).
Police, pubs, clubs and CCTV in Cambridge, Ely and Peterborough will be on a shared communications network enabling them to identify those in the area causing trouble and refuse entry.
BENGALURU, June 15 (Reuters) - Gold edged up early on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session, as Asian stocks fell on a report that U.S. President Donald Trump is being investigated for possible obstruction of justice. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold rose 0.2 percent to $1,263.70 per ounce by 0107 GMT. * U.S. gold futures for August delivery fell 0.8 percent to $1,265.90 per ounce. * Spot gold hit a session low of $1,256.65 on Wednesday, its weakest since May 26 after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the second time in three months. * U.S. stock futures dipped and Asian shares were on the defensive on Thursday with MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dipping 0.3 percent. * Trump is being investigated by special counsel Robert Mueller for possible obstruction of justice, the Washington Post reported on Wednesday, citing unidentified officials. * The Fed raised interest rates on Wednesday for the second time in three months and said it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year, signaling its confidence in a growing U.S. economy and strengthening job market. * However, U.S. consumer prices unexpectedly fell in May and retail sales recorded their biggest drop in 16 months, suggesting a softening in domestic demand that could limit the Fed's ability to continue raising interest rates this year. * Wall Street's top banks brought forward their expectations for when they think the Fed will begin reducing its $4.5 trillion bond portfolio to as early September, and see balance sheet reduction as more of a priority than another interest rate rise, a Reuters poll showed. * British Prime Minister Theresa May edged closer to clinching a deal to stay in power with the support of Northern Irish kingmakers on Wednesday, but faced a battle over Brexit just days before divorce talks are due to begin. * CME raised palladium futures NYMEX (PA) initial margins for speculators by 12.5 percent to $4,950 per contract from $4,400, effective after close of business on Thursday. * Holdings in SPDR Gold Trust , the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, fell 1.40 percent to 854.87 tonnes on Wednesday. DATA/EVENT AHEAD (GMT) 0830 Britain Retail sales May 0900 Euro zone Eurostat trade Apr 1100 Bank of England announces interest rate decision 1230 U.S. New York Fed manufacturing Jun 1230 U.S. Import prices May 1230 U.S. Export prices May 1230 U.S. Weekly jobless claims 1230 U.S. Philly Fed business index Jun 1315 U.S. Industrial production May 1400 U.S. NAHB housing market index Jun (Reporting by Nithin Prasad in Bengaluru; Editing by Richard Pullin)
SEARCH
KARACHI : The Sindh government on Saturday earned ire of the Supreme Court for failing to remove encroachments from parks, play grounds and other amenity plots in Karachi.
The two-judge bench comprising Justice Gulzar Ahmed and Justice Maqbool Baqar was hearing a case pertaining to illegal encroachments on the state land and plots meant for recreational activities at the apex court's Karachi registry.
Justice Gulzar observed there were still illegal encroachments in the city. Political parties have set up their offices on the state land and amenity plots, he added.
He asked Advocate General Zameer Ghumro to explain as to what action the government has taken to remove these encroachments.
When the bench asked if there was any official of Karachi Development Authority and Karachi Metropolitan Corporation (KMC) in the court, acting municipal commissioner Asghar Sheikh appeared before it.
Justice Gulzar came down hard on him saying he had appeared before the court at the previous hearings, but he didn't have sufficient information to answer its queries with regard to the case.
He asked the AG whether the affairs of Karachi were left at the helm of ad hoc officers. Was not there any other efficient officer, he questioned.
Justice Mqbool Baqar also expressed displeasure over the absence of the Sindh chief secretary in the court and asked Ghumro to apprise him of his whereabouts.
On this, the AG replied the Sindh chief secretary couldn't turn up owing to his ill health.
He asked the AG to ensure his presence within an hour.
Justice Gulzar said the Karachi safe city project had hit snags for the last four years, whereas the same projects had already been undertaken in Lahore and Islamabad.
The AG assured that he would talk to the provincial authorities to resolve the issues.
Had the executive authorities left their work for the judiciary to pull off, Justice Gulzar snapped.
Orignally published by INP
Feb 2 (Reuters) - SES-IMAGOTAG SA:
* FY REVENUE EUR 153.0 MILLION VERSUS EUR 176.9 MILLION YEAR AGO
* FY EBITDA EUR 5.5 MILLION VERSUS EUR 16.6 MILLION YEAR AGO
* NET INCOME OF -EUR20 MILLION INCLUDING A NON-CASH IFRS2 EXPENSE OF -EUR10 MILLION
* THE GOAL IS TO SEE A RETURN TO GROWTH FROM 2018
* GOAL IS TO CAPITALIZE ON THE MANUFACTURING COOPERATION WITH BOE TO INCREASE PROFITABILITY
* AVAILABLE CASH AT YEAR END WAS €38.5 MILLION, VERSUS €33.3 MILLION AT THE END OF 2016. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Geraldine Hebert Gros, a native of Kaplan and resident of Pierre Part, passed away Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017. She was 57. She was an adoring wife and loving mother and grandmother. She absolutely loved spending time with her grandchildren. She loved her job as a crossing guard for Assumption Parish Sheriff's Office and also did a great deal of charity work with St. Jude's Hospital. She enjoyed Bingo and dancing to the music of Don Rich, especially Jitter Bugging.
She is survived by her loving husband of 21 years, Monty Gros; daughter, Ashley Gaspard and husband, Chet: two sons, Bronson Blanchard and wife, Ashley, and Joshua Hebert and wife, Heather; two sisters, Lisa White and Tina Hebert; two brothers, Elray “Bubba” Dumond and Anthony Hebert; five grandchildren, Dylan Blanchard, Gabe Blanchard, Scotty Turner Jr., Kailey Gaspar and Tanner Gaspard; her father-in-law and mother-in-law, Junius Gros Sr. and Agnes Gros; and numerous nieces and nephews.
She was preceded in death by her parents, Harold and Betty Demette Hebert; sister, Emily Hebert; brother, Gene Hebert; and her grandparents that helped raise her, John Demett Sr. and Mercedes Demette.
Visiting will be at Ourso Funeral Home, Pierre Part on Sunday, Oct. 8, 2017, from 5 p.m. to 9 p.m. and on Monday from 8 a.m. until 10:30 a.m. Mass of Christian Burial will be at St. Joseph the Worker Church, Pierre Part on Monday, Oct. 9, 2017, at 11 a.m. Burial will follow in Sacred Heart Cemetery, Belle River.
Pallbearers will be Bronson Blanchard, Joshua Hebert, Chet Gaspard, Dylan Blanchard, Tommy Burns, Sydney Danos, Lonnie Mabile and Junius Gros Jr.
Bubba Hebert will serve as honorary pallbearer.
We want to thank her very special friends, Joanne and Sidney Danos, for their love and care. We also want to extend our thanks to Gayle Richard, Lonnie and Frannie Mabile, and her sitter, Christy Hue.
To offer your condolences, please visit www.OursoPierrePart.com.
(Corrects to read listing (not IPO) and clarify not all shares sales by Instone)
* Sets Frankfurt stock market listing for Feb. 15
* To sell 7 mln new shares, 13.35 mln existing shares
* Sets IPO prices at 21.50-25.50 euros per share
* To have market cap of 795-943 mln euros
FRANKFURT, Feb 2 (Reuters) - German residential property developer Instone Real Estate Group has set its flotation on the Frankfurt stock exchange for Feb. 15 and said it could reach a market value of almost 950 million euros ($1.2 billion).
The placement will be Germany's second stock market listing of 2018, which is expected to be a blockbuster year for IPOs. Drugmaker Dermapharm plans to list on Feb. 9.
The placement will comprise 7 million new shares from a capital increase and 13.35 million shares from fund holdings by ActivumSG Capital Management at a price of 21.50 to 25.50 euros each, the company said on Friday.
Up to 3.05 million shares from ActivumSG have also been earmarked for over-allotments.
That will give the company a market capitalisation of between 795 million euros and 943 million euros, Instone said.
Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse are organising the flotation with the help of Morgan Stanley, BNP Paribas and Unicredit.
Instone was formed by a merger of peer GRK and Formart, part of German builder Hochtief, which specialist real estate investor Activum bought in 2014 for about 300 million euros. ($1 = 0.7996 euros) (Reporting by Maria Sheahan; Editing by David Goodman)
Rock sends three tennis players to PSACs
Close Sophomore Lacey Cohen returns a ball last year. Cohen won the PSAC-West freshman of the year award. Rebecca Dietrich
Rebecca Dietrich Sophomore Lacey Cohen returns a ball last year. Cohen won the PSAC-West freshman of the year award.
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
The Pennsylvania State Athletic Conference (PSAC) held its' individual championships this past weekend. Slippery Rock sent three players: Senior Carla Corrochano Moracho, who played singles, transfer sophomore Viola Lugmayr, who played doubles, and reigning PSAC-West freshman of the year, sophomore Lacey Cohen, who pulled double duty in singles and doubles.
The first day of competition was a perfect one for the Rock, as they won all six matches they participated in on Saturday.
In the first round of singles, Cohen, the team's number one, was completely dominant. She dispatched of Kutztown's Yasmeen Malik quite easily, winning the first set 6-0 and the second 6-1 to move on to the second round of competition later that day. Not as dominant as before, but still performing well, Cohen moved on to the quarterfinals by defeating Katina Jones, Millersville's number 1, winning 6-2 in both sets.
“Lacey is a very good talent, as she gets more comfortable in her role, she is going to be a force in our conference.” Slippery Rock head coach Matt Meredith said.
Also participating in singles competition was Corrochano Moracho, who struggled with an injury near the end of last season, but Meredith explained that her recovery is coming along well.
“She's fine, her injury is unique to her, of course,” Meredith said. “We didn't play her in doubles to give her an advantage in her singles, so she wouldn't be worn out.”
Corrochano Moracho labored to her first win of the day, winning the sets 7-6 (4) and 7-5, respectively. The second match was not as exhausting on Corrochano Moracho, who won 6-2 and 6-3 to advance to the quarterfinals.
Rounding out the competition on day one was doubles competition, which featured Lugmayr and Cohen, who would end up playing four matches of Tennis on Saturday alone.
“That's a lot of tennis,” Meredith said.
Cohen and Lugmayr impressed in their first match ever playing together, defeating Laura Lopez and Tatiana Batalla of Edinboro 8-4. To wrap up play for the day, Cohen and Lugmayr faced the freshman combo of Leandra Roelker and Elaina Rochford from West Chester, who garner a 3-2 record in doubles this year. The freshmen from West Chester took a heavy early lead, being up 5 sets to 2, but Cohen and Lugmayr dug in late into the match, securing a 9-7 victory.
“We were lucky to win that second-round match,” Meredith said.
Saturday was Lugmayr and Cohen's first time ever playing together as a doubles team, and Meredith talked about their performance together, and Lugmayr's impact as a whole.
“Viola has been a very good addition to our team, she is a very strong doubles player, which will add to our depth, in addition to teaching others how to play doubles,” Meredith said. “Lacey and Viola played well for having not played much together.”
Day two did not treat the Rock nearly as kindly. Corrochano Moracho could never quite find her footing, and lost in the quarterfinals to Adrianna Jeffress of Mercyhurst, by scores of 6-1 and 7-5 in the sets. Jeffress is 10-2 on the year and lost to her teammate, Kayla Frost, in the semifinals.
Cohen was the other Green and White competitor who faced a tough draw in the quarterfinals, Saioa Gomez de Segura of Mercyhurst. Gomez de Segura holds a 46-5 career record (best in the PSAC) and is a two-time reigning Atlantic region singles champion. Cohen lost the first set 6-0 but did not go down without a fight, pushing the final set to win two games, but unfortunately fell to Gomez de Segura, 6-2 in the quarterfinal. Gomez de Segura would win the singles tournament.
The final competition on the day came in the form of Cohen and Lugmayr back in the doubles semifinals. Cohen and Lugmayr were tasked with taking on the number two seeded duo of Luise von Agris and Nicole Beidacki of Indiana (Pa.), who have an 8-3 record together this year. Cohen and Lugmayr ultimately failed to reach the finals, losing the match 8-3. Beidacki and von Agris would lose in the finals to the combination of Gomez de Segura and Adina Spahalic.
The tennis team will regroup and play two team matches against Bloomsburg on Saturday and Shippensburg on Sunday, which will be the end of competition for the semester. With the fall schedule being so short and varied, Meredith offered on how his team will stay focused until competition heats back up in the Spring.
“It's the nature of the beast,” Meredith said. “We'll be practicing enough that we will be prepared for these upcoming matches and get back into the flow of things, we will be fine.”
On the very first SmackDown LIVE of the year, John Cena and AJ Styles will make their WWE Championship Match at Royal Rumble 2017 official with an in-ring contract signing. It also appears that Renee Young will be a valet for the first time in her WWE career as Dean Ambrose challenges The Miz for the Intercontinental Championship. It is expected that Becky Lynch will look into who was under the La Luchadora mask last week, and The Wyatt Family is likely to respond to the fact that American Alpha took their tag titles at the Wild Card Finals. And with only Brock Lesnar and Goldberg confirmed for the Royal Rumble Match, will any of the other superstars from SmackDown LIVE officially enter the biggest battle royal of the year? WWE contract signings almost always end in a brawl, and the WWE Universe will be watching closely to see how the recently-returned John Cena approaches the time-honored tradition. After saying last week that he is “sick of this New Era BS” and that he was going to challenge for the title on his first day back “because I'm John Cena,” could this be the beginning of the long-rumored John Cena heel turn? Becky Lynch's clever idea to dress up as La Luchadora to get one extra match against Alexa Bliss came back to haunt her as the masked assailant made an appearance during Lynch's title match last week, providing the ever-important “distraction” that ultimately allowed Bliss to get the victory. Will they find out who was under the mask? And if they do, how will it impact the SmackDown Women's Championship and the No. 1 contender? Who is La Luchadora? [Image by WWE] After Dolph Ziggler and Baron Corbin failed to take the WWE Championship from AJ Styles last week, the two will have a singles match on SmackDown LIVE. Regardless of the outcome, both men seem like likely candidates to enter the Royal Rumble Match. Since they both have title aspirations, either or both could make the announcement tonight. Additionally, after Dean Ambrose defends Renee Young's honor while trying to capture the WWE Intercontinental Championship from The Miz, both men also seem likely to enter the main event of Royal Rumble 2017. Will anyone from the blue brand officially enter the Royal Rumble Match this week, joining Goldberg and Brock Lesnar from Monday Night Raw? Immediately following SmackDown LIVE will be another episode of 205 Live on the WWE Network. After defeating Cruiserweight Champion Rich Swann in a non-title match last week, Neville's claim to being the “King of the Cruiserweights” could be legit. The Cruiserweight Division is likely to make an appearance or two on Monday Night Raw, with things continuing Tuesday night on 205 Live. RELATED REPORTS BY THE INQUISITR Goldberg Should Face John Cena At WWE WrestleMania 33 After Brock Lesnar At Survivor Series WWE Roadblock 2016 Results — Cesaro And Sheamus, Charlotte Flair Win Titles Throwback Thursday: All-Time Top 5 WWE TLC Matches WWE Monday Night Raw Results: Stephanie McMahon Takes Jab At CM Punk In Chicago WWE SmackDown LIVE ‘Wild Card Finals' Results: The John Cena Heel Turn Begins Total Bellas Series Premiere Recap: Daniel Bryan Retirement, Nikki Bella Injury, And John Cena's Insane House Rules WWE NXT TakeOver: Toronto Results — Mickie James Taps Out To Asuka WWE Survivor Series 2016 Results — Brock Lesnar Jobs To Goldberg, The Shield Temporarily Reunite & Nikki Bella Injury WWE TLC: Tables, Ladders, And Chairs 2016 Results Saturday Night Live: WWE's John Cena Hosts SNL Updated WWE Royal Rumble 2017 Card AJ Styles (c) vs. John Cena — WWE Championship Match (confirmed) Brock Lesnar, Goldberg, and 28 others TBD — Royal Rumble Match (confirmed) Alexa Bliss (c) vs. TBD — SmackDown Women's Championship Match (unconfirmed) Kevin Owens (c) vs. Roman Reigns — WWE Universal Championship Shark Cage Match (confirmed) As of Monday morning, three matches had been confirmed for WWE Royal Rumble 2017 and only two participants confirmed for the Royal Rumble Match. The next WWE PPV will feature stars from both WWE Raw and SmackDown LIVE. Royal Rumble 2017 will air live on Sunday, January 29, from the Alamodome in San Antonio, Texas. As more information is confirmed, it will be updated at WWE's official Royal Rumble preview page. AJ Style and John Cena sign their contract for Royal Rumble 2017 [Image by WWE] Where To Watch WWE The WWE Royal Rumble 2017 will air live on the WWE Network on Sunday, January 29, at 8/7c. The Royal Rumble Kickoff Show will begin at 7/6c. The show 205 Live, featuring the best of WWE's Cruiserweight Division (but technically a part of the Monday Night Raw brand), airs weekly on the WWE Network at 10/9c on Tuesday nights. immediately following SmackDown. Replays of WWE 205 Live are available to stream immediately. WWE SmackDown LIVE airs Tuesdays on the USA Network at 8/7c. Replays of WWE SmackDown aren't made available on the WWE Network until several weeks after the original air date. However, a replay of SmackDown LIVE is available to stream on-demand Wednesdays via Hulu. WWE Talking Smack begins at 10:45/9:45c on the WWE Network and is immediately made available to stream on-demand. [Featured Image by WWE]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Staff Reporter
Punjab University Institute of Agricultural Sciences has organized an international seminar on “Pest (Termite) Control in Food Processing Industries at its seminar room Mr. Soh Che Kin, CEO, Exterminex Asia Pacific, Dr. Shawn Cheng, Senior Research Officer at Forest Research Institute of Malaysia (FRIM), Miss Lim Wei Teeng, Director Exterminex Malaysia, Miss Shaza Binte Azri, Senior Entomologist Exterminex Malaysia, Mr. Zakrya Zaki, Coordinator Int'l Affairs Exterminex, Mr. Irfan Fiaz Ali Akbar, CEO C-Shine Pakistan, Prof. Dr. Muhammad Naeem Khan, Dean Faculty of Life Sciences, Prof. Dr. Muhammad Saleem Haider, Director Institute of Agricultural Sciences, Dr. Shinawar Waseem Ali (Food Safety Expert), Dr. Azhar Ali Khan (Entomologist) addressed the participants. A large number of participants from food industries i.e. Nestle, Coca-Cola, Pepsi, Engro, Unilever, Packages, Bunnys etc, Punjab Food Authority and Pest Management Service companies participated in the meeting. Prof. Dr. Muhammad Naeem Khan emphasized on the conservation of biodiversity while applying the pest control.
Mr. Soh discussed the new innovative bait technologies for pest management keeping in view the environmental safety.
It is good to note that Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi after assuming the high office is almost daily reviewing working of different ministries and divisions to update himself about their working and performance and issuing necessary directions for accelerating developmental activities in all sectors of national economy.
He has quite rightly underlined the importance of water sector projects as the water is backbone of the national economy while reviewing working of newly-created Ministry of Water Resources with particular reference to WAPDA affairs in Islamabad the other day..
While briefing the prime minister regarding ongoing water and power projects, the WAPDA Chairman said that all the strategic projects conceived by the present government are on targets in terms of timelines and are being executed under supervision of top experts.
The prime minister has quite rightly directed the new ministry to focus on all ongoing development projects and ensure their timely completion and at the same time take immediate steps to remove all the impediments in the way of Diamir-Basha Dam project. Needless to mention here that initially named as Basha Dam has been in the pipeline for number of years and it was revived during last couple of years but somehow its fate still hangs in balance.
It is appreciable that the prime minister being in office for less than a fortnight even is trying hard to pull things along, gear up the ministries and divisions working and ensuring that bottlenecks and impediments in good governance and deliverance are removed speedily as well as his directions are implemented on priority basis.
ASIM MUNIR,
Rawalpindi
Related
Fox kicked off the New Year with a special presentation of their new show The Mick. The pilot aired after the NFL doubleheader game coverage and The OT, with encore episodes for Mountain and Pacific time zones. If you missed the pilot on New Year's, you can watch the full episode on demand at FoxNow. Though The Mick aired on Sunday night as part of the New Year's Day lineup, the show regularly airs on Tuesdays at 8:30 p.m. ET. Those who want to watch The Mick streaming live online can do so at Fox Live. Check out the video below to watch the full episode of The Mick in the video below. Check out the videos above for a deeper look at The Mick and what's in store this season. New Girl returns to Fox for its midseason premiere at a new time and day on Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017 at 8 p.m. ET. The Mick follows at 8:30 pm. ET. You can live stream both New Girl and The Mick on Fox Live, and wait for both episodes to be added to the Fox Now, on-demand lineup. With more options for watching TV shows live streaming and online, some are questioning whether they should have a cable or satellite subscription. Even though channels like Fox air over broadcast networks and can be picked up for free with an inexpensive, digital antenna, there are many advantages to having a cable or satellite television provider. With a subscription, you can easily watch channels streaming live online and have greater access to shows the day after they air as opposed to a week after. Some providers simply don't make their demand programs free, regardless of how long it has been since they aired. Those who want to watch Fox shows like New Girl and The Mick streaming live online will find having a television subscription has advantages. The Mick is off to a fairly good start with a current IMDB rating of 6.9. This is not a show for conservative folks as some have pointed out through social media networks that they don't approve of a show that promotes drinking in any manner. Fox has always brought comedic programs with crass humor to rewrite the stereotypical nuclear family, beginning with Married With Children, back when the Cosby Show was at its pinnacle success. It shouldn't be a surprise that The Mick showcases family life in a non-conventional and crass way. But with shows like Shameless redefining the way America (and the UK) views the modern family, there is a large audience for shows that stray far from Victorian era parenting styles. The days of I Love Lucy are long gone and those who appreciate in-your-face storylines and plots, The Mick is sure to please. The Mick even has a red band trailer. You may watch that video below. Here is the description of The Mick as released by Fox. “THE MICK follows MACKENZIE, aka “MICKEY” (Kaitlin Olson, It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia), a brash, two-bit hustler from Rhode Island who must assume guardianship of her sister's three high-maintenance children. As irresponsible as Mickey has been her entire life, she may discover that responsibility isn't the buzzkill she always thought it would be. The series also stars Sofia Black D'Elia (The Night Of), Thomas Barbusca (Middle School: The Worst Years of My Life), newcomer Jack Stanton, Carla Jimenez (Last Man Standing) and newcomer Scott MacArthur.” At its core, The Mick is a story about how love and responsibility will change a person and force them to grow up. When Mackenzie “Mickey” becomes guardian to her niece and nephews, she is faced with the harsh reality that she needs to whip these kids into shape, even though personally, she's a wreck. The Mick should resonate with many, because even though the story is taken to extremes, many viewers can identify with being thrust into parenthood before begin emotionally or financially ready. Yes, there is brass humor and many mishaps, but Mickey has a good heart and a strong head on her shoulders. Many fans will want to take the journey with the Mick as she leads the kids into adulthood. The Mick is getting plenty of positive feedback on social media. You can follow The Mick on Instagram, Twitter and Facebook. Did you watch The Mick's New Year's Day pilot? Are you going to watch the next episode “The Grandparents” on Jan. 3, 2017? Will you watch The Mick on TV, streaming live online or on demand? What are your thoughts on TheMick's plot and pilot? Feel free to leave your comments and opinions below. [Featured Image by Fox Broadcasting Co. CR: Pamela Littky/FOX (used with permission)]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Just a few snaps into the new season, Georgia lost its starting QB and was forced to turn to a true freshman. Now, the Bulldogs are in the Rose Bowl, eyeing a national championship.
Wisconsin's true freshman running back dashed into Heisman consideration, and has the Badgers in the Orange Bowl.
The Heisman campaigns for Baker Mayfield and Lamar Jackson got help from true freshman receivers, too.
Long gone are the days when giving true freshmen a heavy workload meant surefire struggles, and the host of talented newcomers from 2017 proves that not all young talent must go through growing pains. The members of our true freshman All-America team earned their spots and made major impacts from day one.
Offense
QB: Jake Fromm, Georgia
This wasn't supposed to be Fromm's job, but when Jacob Eason went down in Georgia's opener, Fromm stepped in and looked like a savvy veteran. For the year, his 9.4 yards per attempt ranked sixth nationally, and he was especially good vs. the blitz, throwing 12 TDs with just one interception and posting an astonishing passer rating of 256.1, best in the Power 5.
RB: Jonathan Taylor, Wisconsin
Taylor was the backbone of Wisconsin's offense this season, rushing for 1,847 yards, the most by a freshman since Adrian Peterson in 2004. Taylor had nine games with more than 100 yards, three with more than 200, and his 6.8 yards per rush ranked fifth among running backs with at least 150 rushes.
Jonathan Taylor, with 1,847 yards, fell just short of Adrian Peterson's freshman rushing record. Hannah Foslien/Getty Images
RB: AJ Dillon, Boston College
Dillon didn't open the season as the Eagles' lead back, but once he got the job, he ran with it. From Week 5 on, Dillon rushed for 1,254 yards (second only to Taylor among Power 5 backs), and BC scored 28 points in six of seven games. The Eagles had hit the 28-point mark just seven times in their previous 34.
WR: Dez Fitzpatrick, Louisville
Fitzpatrick's nine touchdown grabs were second-most by a freshman in FBS (most by a true freshman) and set Louisville's freshman record. He caught 45 passes for 699 yards, and his 15.5 yards per catch ranked third in the ACC among receivers with at least 40 receptions.
WR: CeeDee Lamb, Oklahoma
His 18.5 yards per reception ranked seventh nationally among players with at least 40 grabs, and was tops among freshmen. He led all Power 5 true freshmen in receiving with 741 yards and had at least 50 yards receiving in eight of 13 games this season.
TE: Hunter Bryant, Washington
Bryant missed the final four games of the season, but he still ranked second on the team in receiving with 22 catches and 331 yards. The yardage total also ranked second among Power 5 true freshman tight ends.
Editor's Picks Most intriguing individual matchups of the bowl season While the bowl season boasts some great contests between top-notch programs, it will be the individual matchups that make the games intriguing.
Ready, set, bowl! Picking 41 winners, including the national champion From the Celebration Bowl to the College Football Playoff National Championship, Adam Rittenberg picks his winners for bowl season. 1 Related
OT: Andrew Thomas, Georgia
A year ago, Georgia's offensive line was a major weakness. In 2017, it was the foundation of the team's offensive game plan. That was due, in no small part, to Thomas, who started all 13 games at right tackle. At 6-5, 320 pounds, Thomas fit in from day one, working with the Bulldogs' first team throughout preseason camp. His impact was obvious. Georgia allowed eight fewer sacks this season, despite playing with a freshman QB, and UGA runners averaged nearly 6 yards per carry when going to Thomas' side of the line.
OT: Walker Little, Stanford
Little helped lead the way for Heisman finalist Bryce Love. In Little's third career start, Love rushed for a school-record 301 yards. In his eight games, Stanford averaged 11.5 yards per carry outside left tackle, the best mark among Power 5 offenses.
OG: Jack Anderson, Texas Tech
Texas Tech's highest-ranked offensive recruit in the past decade, according to ESPN's rankings, Anderson started all 12 games for the Red Raiders, and he regularly graded out as the team's top offensive lineman. With Anderson, Texas Tech rushed for nearly a yard more per carry than it had in 2016.
OG: Navaughn Donaldson, Miami
Donaldson cracked the starting lineup the moment he stepped on campus, working with the first-team line during the spring. At 6-6, 350 pounds, he certainly looked the part. In all, he ended up starting 10 games for the Canes, and the results were exceptional, with Miami rushing for 4.3 yards per carry before contact when running behind right guard.
C: Ben Petrula, Boston College
When starting center Jon Baker went down in Week 1 with a knee injury, the Eagles turned to Petrula to fill the void. Never mind that he'd never played center before. Aside from a few early growing pains, he was a natural. BC's offense found its groove in late September and finished the regular season averaging 1.25 more yards per rush than in 2016 and allowed just 13 sacks, second fewest in the ACC.
All-purpose: J.K. Dobbins, Ohio State
There's a good case to put Dobbins on the list as one of the top running backs, but his work as a pass-catcher out of the backfield makes him a nice fit here. Dobbins' 1,364 rushing yards ranked 14th nationally, and his 7.54 yards per carry was among the nation's best. But his 22 catches helped set him apart as a dynamic threat both on the ground and through the air.
Defense
DE: Victor Dimukeje, Duke
Dimukeje's 7.5 tackles for loss were tops among ACC freshmen. He chipped in with 39 tackles, two sacks and four QB hurries to go with an interception in a critical win over Georgia Tech. Dimukeje's impact was huge for a Blue Devils defense that allowed eight fewer points per game than it had in 2016.
DT: James Lynch, Baylor
Lynch's five tackles for loss and three sacks over his final six games made him one of the most impactful freshman interior linemen in the country down the stretch.
DT: Lamonte McDougle, West Virginia
Starting the final eight games of the season at nose tackle for West Virginia, McDougle racked up 22 tackles -- 14 solo -- and four TFLs. McDougle also forced a fumble and recovered another.
Grant Delpit immediately helped LSU's defense and finished with 52 tackles. John Korduner/Icon Sportswire
DE: Sam Miller, Northwestern
His 8.5 tackles for loss led Power 5 freshman defensive linemen, and he added 5.5 sacks -- good for 13th in the Big Ten -- 32 tackles and four QB hurries.
LB: Colin Schooler, Arizona
No freshman finished with more TFL than Schooler (13.5), who also finished 13th in the Pac-12 in tackles (88), picked off two passes, racked up four sacks and forced a fumble, emerging as one of the league's top all-around linebackers.
LB: Tony Fields, Arizona
If Schooler was the rising star on Arizona's defense, Fields wasn't far behind. He led the team with 91 tackles, had four sacks and an interception. Fields and Schooler's 179 tackles were tops among freshman teammates in the nation.
LB: Dorian Etheridge, Louisville
Aside from the dynamic duo at Arizona, no Power 5 true freshman recorded more tackles this season than Etheridge, who led Louisville with 77 stops. A critical part of the Cardinals' defense, Etheridge had double-digit tackles twice, adding three tackles for a loss and two pass breakups on the year.
S: Grant Delpit, LSU
The Tigers' stifling defense was helped by the instant impact of Delpit, who picked off one pass, broke up eight more and finished with 52 tackles in an LSU secondary that was among the SEC's best. His nine tackles and interception against Ole Miss proved to be one of the top defensive performances by a freshman in the SEC this season.
S: Bennett Williams, Illinois
It was a rough year for Illinois as coach Lovie Smith rebuilds with young talent, but of the nearly a dozen freshmen who saw regular work on the Illini defense, Williams stood out. His 64 tackles were fifth-most on the team and the second most in the Big Ten by a freshman. Williams also picked off three passes, broke up two more, and had 1.5 tackles for loss and a forced fumble.
CB: Josiah Scott, Michigan State
Scott started 11 games for the upstart Michigan State defense, picking off two passes and leading the team with nine pass breakups. With Scott at corner, Michigan State's secondary jumped from 12th in the Big Ten in opponent passer rating to fourth.
CB: TJ Carter, Memphis
A two-way star in high school, Carter blossomed immediately as Memphis' top corner. He finished second in the AAC with five interceptions, had nine pass breakups, and his 61 tackles were the second most among AAC freshmen.
Special teams
Returner: Marcus Jones, Troy
Jones had more touchdowns this season than Alabama star Calvin Ridley -- and Jones doesn't play offense. In addition to his pick-six on D, Jones took three kick returns to the house -- tied for third-most nationally -- and his 789 kick return yards ranked ninth nationally. Jones averaged 33 yards per return, 7 yards more than any other freshman and the fourth-best rate in FBS.
P: Pressley Harvin III, Georgia Tech
Harvin ranks 18th nationally and tops among freshmen with a 44.1 yards-per-punt average. He finished second in the ACC in punting, and 32 percent of his punts were downed inside the opponent's 20-yard line. He was fifth in the league in net punting, averaging nearly 40 yards per kick after returns.
K: James Stefanou, Colorado
Stefanou's 17 field goals are tied for the sixth most in Colorado history, and were the second most by a true freshman this season. His 53-yarder against Arizona State was the second-longest field goal in school history. Bonus points for being the nation's oldest freshman. The Australia native is 30.
CLAIM
Swedish-born producer DJ Avicii died under suspicious circumstances while he was trying to use music videos to expose a pedophile ring
False
RATING
False
ORIGIN
On 20 April 2018, news broke that the Swedish-born producer and DJ known as Avicii had been found dead in the country of Oman:
Publicist Diana Baron said in a statement that the 28-year-old DJ, born Tim Bergling, was in Muscat, Oman. “The family is devastated and we ask everyone to please respect their need for privacy in this difficult time,” the statement said. Avicii was a pioneer of the contemporary Electronic Dance Movement and a rare DJ capable of worldwide arena tours. He won two MTV Music Awards, one Billboard Music Award and earned two Grammy nominations. His biggest hit was “Le7els.” His death comes just days after he was nominated for a Billboard Music Award for top dance/electronic album for his EP “Avicii (01).” He was nominated alongside his peers, who have taken EDM mainstream of late — The Chainsmokers, Calvin Harris and Kygo.
A few days later, the Neon Nettle web site published an article suggesting that Avicii's death was somehow connected to his supposed attempts to “expose a pedophile ring”:
As the music world mourned the loss of Swedish DJ Avicii who died at 28 years old last week, speculation to whether he was trying to expose a pedophile ring in his video ‘For a better day' has been gaining momentum. Why Avicii's death doesn't make sense There has been no official report on his exact cause of death but despite this, Avicii's death has a bunch of eerie similarities with the recent deaths of two other music legends, Chris Cornell and Chester Bennington. Avicii hinted at exposing a child trafficking ring in his video ‘For a better Day' … The DJ has either stumbled on something that was too close to the truth of human trafficking, or he was planning to a follow up on the second video with more information.
However, this “reporting” of Neon Nettle's was a combination of misinformation and extremely questionable speculation.
For starters, Neon Nettle attempts to draw parallels between the passing of Avicii and the deaths of Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell and Linkin Park's Chester Bennington in July 2017, two other musicians whom Neon Nettle asserts “were allegedly working together to expose a pedophile ring operating in the music industry” at the moment of their untimely deaths. However, this posited connection was nothing more than a fabricated story published by Your Newswire, Neon Nettle's partner in fake news crime.
Additionally, Avicii acknowledged at the time of its release that his 2015 video for the song “For a Better Day” was intended to call attention to the issue of child trafficking (particularly in war-torn countries); it wasn't a coded attempt to furtively “expose” a particular child trafficking ring:
Leading DJ Avicii has turned his attention to fighting child trafficking as he made his debut as a director with a pair of disturbing videos. The Swedish house DJ, one of the biggest stars on the global club circuit, said he was hoping to use his music for a greater social cause. “The promise of a better life often traps families and children into being used as tools for some of the most despicable people on Earth,” he said in a statement, as he released the videos. “It's an issue about which I hope to start a louder discussion, especially now with the huge number of families on the move from war-torn countries looking for safety and shelter.” “For a Better Day,” which will appear on Avicii's upcoming album “Stories,” features a video full of unsettling imagery as hooded traffickers go on a killing spree of adults in their way, including a politician portrayed by actor Krister Henriksson. The video shows two children rushing through fields to escape, only to be forced barely clothed into a traffickers' car.
Finally, just as in the cases of Cornell and Bennington, the implication that Avicii was somehow “done in” to prevent his “exposing a pedophile ring” is unfounded. Although Avicii's cause of death has not yet been announced, he was known to have health problems, and officials stated that two post-mortem examinations had been conducted which “confirmed that there is no criminal suspicion of death”:
In 2016, he retired from live performances after suffering multiple health issues including acute pancreatitis due to drinking alcohol. Just two years before, he had his gallbladder and appendix removed, and he cancelled tour dates in order to recover. While the exact cause of death has not been revealed, SkyNews reported that there was no foul play involved in Avicii's death.
The inaccuracy of this reporting is not surprising, as Neon Nettle is a fake news site with a special fascination for peddling fabricated and sensationalized stories about pedophiles.
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Steinhoff:
* ‍MOELIS & COMPANY AND ALIXPARTNERS HAVE BEEN APPOINTED AS INDEPENDENT FINANCIAL ADVISOR AND OPERATIONAL ADVISOR RESPECTIVELY WITH IMMEDIATE EFFECT​
* ‍MOELIS WILL SUPPORT AND ADVISE ON GROUP‘S DISCUSSIONS WITH ITS LENDERS​
* ‍ALIXPARTNERS WILL ASSIST ON LIQUIDITY MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL MEASURES​
* ‍FOCUSING ON SAFEGUARDING OPERATIONAL LIQUIDITY TO CONTINUE FUNDING EXISTING OPERATIONS THROUGHOUT VARIOUS SUBSIDIARIES​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A red flag has prematurely ended final practice ahead of Bathurst 1000 top 10 qualifying at Mount Panorama on Saturday.
The one-hour session was called off with two minutes remaining after Holden's Taz Douglas came off turn one and was beached in the sand.
It robbed drivers not involved in Saturday's top-10 shootout -- some of them Supercars' biggest names -- of vital practice.
Holden cult hero David Reynolds reckoned nothing would matter until Sunday's Great Race with rain predicted for the 161-lap classic.
Reynolds was fastest in Saturday's practice, clocking 2min 04.99sec.
Holden's James Courtney (2:05.03) and defending series champion Shane van Gisbergen (2:05.19) were next best.
Reynolds has been one of the pace setters all week but wasn't getting ahead of himself before Sunday.
"It's probably going to be raining tomorrow so everything changes; this could be three days all for nothing," he said.
Michael Caruso caused the session's first red flag after his Nissan hit the wall off turn one after 20 minutes.
While Reynolds may not be reading too much into results before Sunday, there is clearly one man to beat at Mount Panorama -- Ford's Scott McLaughlin.
The series leader sent an ominous warning when he clocked the fastest Supercars lap at Mount Panorama -- a scorching 2:04.14 -- in Friday's practice.
He obliterated Holden great Jamie Whincup's 2015 mark by 0.76sec.
McLaughlin then fell an agonising 0.08sec shy (2:04.22) of his record mark in Friday's qualifying but still emerged as the favourite come Sunday.
McLaughlin, 24, has a maiden Bathurst title in his sights after topping qualifying ahead of Reynolds (2:04.47) and Ford star Chaz Mostert (2:04.53).
The Bathurst 1000's front grid will be decided by the top-10 shootout starting at 5.10pm.
The shootout will be without some Supercars' biggest names.
Four-time Bathurst champion Whincup will start 11th after a red flag prematurely ended Friday's qualifying.
The Holden great looked set to break into the top 10 when he came thundering down the mountain with just seconds left in Friday's 40-minute qualifying session.
Then James Moffat hit the wall at The Dipper, ensuring the session ended promptly under the red flag -- and Whincup's last gasp effort didn't count.
Whincup is second in the championship just 84 points behind leader McLaughlin.
Moffat dropped from ninth to 22th on the grid for causing the red flag, ensuring he missed the shootout along with six-time King of the Mountain Craig Lowndes (19th) and defending Bathurst champion Will Davison (16th).
Feb 2 (Reuters) - AIK FOTBOLL AB:
* HAS SIGNED AGREEMENT WITH D. CARNEGIE & CO ​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
The potential for VR truly boggles the mind. In the future, it's easy to imagine the various use-cases in education, entertainment, business, and social.
But like any new technology, VR needs a ‘gateway drug', and thus far that initial use-case has been gaming. Sony is pushing PlayStation VR hard with a handful of new games, some existing and others brand new. Nintendo is making a VR push by bringing Mario Kart to VR. Meanwhile, Microsoft held off on any VR announcements at E3 this year.
But what do the members of the gaming community — from developers to streamers to the folks who are actually building VR — actually think of VR?
Some days, it would be nice to hit pause on life.
That wasn't an option for Hamilton couple Kaz and Rhiana Ehara after their daughter Chiyo was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes at the age of two, just three months after their son Cai was born. But as filmmakers, it seemed natural to shoot footage they could pause and rewind later. They saw it as a way to get some perspective on the emotional havoc that had erupted in their lives.
The camera rolled for the next six years, ultimately resulting in the one-hour documentary Sweet Dreams for Chiyo, airing on CBC Docs POV on Sunday.
“We didn't intend to make a film,” Rhiana says. “We were struggling and we couldn't get any objectivity about what was going on in our family so we sort of decided … ‘You and I will look at it later and maybe it will help us figure out what's happening in this chapter of our life.'
“Things were going so fast and we were so focused on keeping Chiyo alive, I was worried that we were missing all of Cai's babyhood.”
As it turns out, the ever-present camera is both a blessing and a curse. Controlling Chiyo's blood-sugar levels requires constant vigilance, and cinematographer Kaz captures a million moments and “interviews” with Rhiana on film. We see her at a birthday party, commenting that she's the only parent to stay, “furtively counting carbs like a weirdo.” Here she is feeding Chiyo yogurt in the middle of the night. And here she's having a meltdown after the kids were fighting all day, Cai was running with scissors and she has a headache from her own screaming. She says, “I'm trying to tell you I'm getting close to falling apart,” and later, exhausted, “Please stop filming me.”
In one wrenching scene, Chiyo is sobbing and pleading with Rhiana not to change the insulin pump that's attached by a needle to her stomach.
The procedure is traumatic for everyone present. The family dog, a pug nicknamed Ruby, is clearly distressed while it's happening and afterward, Cai gives Chiyo a tender, comforting hug.
Only Kaz is absent from the scene. And when he watches the footage that night, he comes to a painful realization: He's been hiding behind the camera, using it to avoid facing his fears head-on. Including the fear that he's not the father he hopes to be, that he'll make a mistake, or that something will happen to Chiyo in the night and he'll be the one to discover it.
“That was my coping mechanism,” he says. “I was like, ‘Oh my gosh, why am I not helping her? Or why I'm not responding the way I should be?'” he says. “I wasn't a good active participant in parenting.”
It was an agonizing turning point.
Eventually, when Rhiana says she doesn't want him to film anymore, Kaz asks, “You know how to focus, right?”
Even Chiyo, who has called the camera “his other baby,” takes a turn behind the lens.
In the documentary, Kaz muses that it's easy to forget how he and Rhiana started out. It was a whirlwind. They met on her 21st birthday. Kaz took a portrait photo of her and gave it to her as a gift. Two months later, they were married. Five years after that, Chiyo was on the way. When she suddenly became fatigued and excessively thirsty as a toddler, it was the start of another whirlwind.
From the start, Rhiana says she felt more confident caring for Chiyo, and she would have been doing the lion's share even if Kaz hadn't been filming.
“It's difficult for the parent who has less experience and less confidence to gain the confidence and experience, and in my case I was definitely holding on to the control,” she says.
“Now, thankfully, we've reached the point where everything I can do with the diabetes, with taking care of Chiyo, Kaz can do as well. It's been a long process for us to get to that point.”
Like Kaz, Rhiana found it painful at times to watch much of the footage as she was editing the film.
“Having to see things that I haven't really had time to process, including the death of our dog, who's really quite prominent in the film and was a very big support to me.
“It was a lot, to see our children growing up and then hearing Kaz coming to these realizations that are beautiful but also are sad, that he feels he should have been there more and he could have done better and that he should have supported me more when I was struggling — and seeing myself struggling.”
But in the end, they accomplished what they originally intended when they turned on the camera.
“I think it's given us some perspective we wouldn't have been able to get otherwise, about why we acted that way or what was going on in our family in that moment,” she says.
“I think we've come out the other side much stronger as a family, and closer.”
--- --- ---
Sweet Dreams for Chiyo
Sunday, CBC
Amy O'Brien, left, Cheryl Glentz Becigneul, Peter Lucido and Bobby Nahra enjoy the fundraiser in St. Clair Shores. (Photo: Photos by Kristina Cunningham)
The team at Roy O'Brien Ford in St. Clair Shores presented “Battle of the Wings” on Thursday night to benefit Macomb Feeding the Need. More than 150 people came out to enjoy and judge the tasty wings from a dozen local restaurants, including Brownies on the Lake, Gilbert's Lodge, Fishbone's, Passport Pizza and Uptown Grille.
The event included a silent auction and a raffle, and Sean Z provided live musical entertainment. State Rep. Peter Lucido (R-Shelby Township) and Chef Bobby Nahra were hosts and announced the winners. Gilbert's Lodge won “The Best Wings.” Winners of the “Hottest Wings” was a tie between Fishbones and Buffalo Wild Wings, and “Most Original Wings” went to Brownies on the Lake for its “PB and J Wings.”
“I'm so grateful to everyone who came and to everyone who participated,” said Cheryl Glentz Becigneul, executive director of Macomb Feeding the Need. “I would never have come up with such creative ways to serve chicken wings.”
Macomb Feeding the Need has provided food, clothing and shelter for needy residents of Macomb, Wayne and Oakland counties since February 2011. Meals are provided Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, and clothing vouchers are distributed every 30 days.
Tickets to Battle of the Wings were $15. One hundred percent of the proceeds from the raffle, silent auction and sponsorships will benefit the programs at Macomb Feeding the Need.
Chuck Bennett is the creator of TheSocialMetro.com and is the Fox 2 News Style Ambassador
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w7Pbnr
CHICAGO (AP) -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 2:52 am |
This photo shows the Chicago Board Options Exchange website on Friday announcing that bitcoin futures would start trading on the CBOE on Sunday evening. (AP Photo/Kiichiro Sato)
The first-ever bitcoin future jumped after it began trading Sunday as the increasingly popular virtual currency made its debut on a major U.S. exchange.
The futures contract that expires in January surged more than $3,000 to $18,580 eight hours after trading launched on the Chicago Board Options Exchange. The contract opened at $15,000, according to data from the CBOE.
The CBOE futures don't involve actual bitcoin. They're securities that will track the price of bitcoin on Gemini, one of the larger bitcoin exchanges.
The start of trading at 5 p.m. CST overwhelmed the CBOE website. “Due to heavy traffic on our website, visitors to www.cboe.com may find that it is performing slower than usual and may at times be temporarily unavailable,” the exchange said in a statement. But it said the trading in the futures had not been disrupted.
Another large futures exchange, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, will start trading its own futures on Dec. 18 but will use a composite of several bitcoin prices across a handful of exchanges.
The price of a bitcoin has soared since beginning the year below $1,000, hitting a peak of more than $16,858 Dec. 7 on the bitcoin exchange Coindesk. As of 1:15 a.m. CST, it was at $16,733.49 on Coindesk.
Futures are a type of contract in which a buyer and a seller agree on a price for a particular item to be delivered on a certain date in the future, hence the name. Futures are available for nearly every type of security but are most famously used in commodities such as wheat, soy, gold, oil, cocoa and others.
The futures signal greater mainstream acceptance of bitcoin but also open up bitcoin to additional market forces. The futures will allow investors to bet that bitcoin's price will go down — a practice known as shorting — which currently is very difficult to do.
There have been other attempts to bring bitcoin investing into the mainstream. Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss, twin brothers who own large amounts of bitcoin, tried to create an exchange-traded fund based on bitcoin, but federal regulators denied their application.
How much actual investor interest there will be in these bitcoin futures is still up in the air. Many larger Wall Street brokerages and clearinghouses, including Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase, are either not allowing customers to trade bitcoin futures or only allowing select clients to do so. Other brokerages are putting restrictions on the amount of margin a trader can use in bitcoin futures, or putting limits on the amount that can be purchased.
The digital currency has had more than its fair share of critics on Wall Street. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon has called bitcoin “a fraud.” Thomas Peterffy, chairman of the broker-dealer Interactive Brokers Group, expressed deep concerns about the trading of bitcoin futures last month, saying “there is no fundamental basis for valuation of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, and they may assume any price from one day to the next.”
Peterffy noted that if bitcoin futures were trading at that time, under the CBOE's rules those futures likely would experience repeated trading halts because 10 percent or 20 percent moves in bitcoin prices have not been unusual in recent months.
Bitcoin is the world's most popular virtual currency. Such currencies are not tied to a bank or government and allow users to spend money anonymously. They are basically lines of computer code that are digitally signed each time they are traded.
A debate is raging on the merits of such currencies. Some say they serve merely to facilitate money laundering and illicit, anonymous payments. Others say they can be helpful methods of payment, such as in crisis situations where national currencies have collapsed.
The emergence of data-heavy applications such as artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning, and the Internet of Things (IoT) has upped the enterprise storage ante. Combined with the data in apps used daily to run the business, the limits of storage are being stretched.
Yet having to continually procure storage capacity doesn't make sense; forward-looking CIOs and IT decision makers must future-proof their investments. Here's what to consider.
Performance
Digital business will constantly evolve, meaning organizations will need to deploy applications and services as business needs change or new objectives emerge.
Start thinking about the ways in which adding workloads or adopting emerging technologies will intensify performance demands. And then seek low-latency storage options and hybrid storage technology that combines all flash and adaptive arrays for improved speed.
Capacity
Capacity really goes hand-in-hand with performance; both are imperative to meet business objectives. Yet predicting capacity requirements can be a crapshoot.
The key here is to aim for, and then maintain, a balanced storage infrastructure. Consider that all-flash storage typically drives down costs and improves affordability as needs flux. In addition, a hybrid array, which combines solid state drives (SSDs) and hard disk drives (HDDs), enables IT to prioritize workloads to meet capacity demands and achieve greater cost efficiency.
Visibility
It's becoming increasingly critical to take a proactive approach to service disruptions. Yet doing so means first having visibility throughout the storage stack, and then applying predictive analytics (more on this below) to stay ahead of the disruption game.
Start by gaining visibility into how the storage infrastructure is functioning, where demand is greatest, and where tweaks can be made for performance optimization. Then, seek data storage management and automation solutions that not only enable infrastructure visibility, but also accelerate storage provisioning.
Adaptability
Take into account how the storage investment will integrate with emerging developments, such as non-volatile memory express (NVMe) and storage-class memory (SCM).
NVMe technology for SSDs is pushing storage capacity and speed of data transfer to new levels with its low latency and bandwidth improvements. As Greg Schulz, founder of technology advisory firm Server Storage IO, writes: “One of the great things IMHO about NVMe is that you can have it your way, where and when you need it, as a replacement or companion to what you have.”
SCM technology promises faster speeds than flash and offers persistent data storage. Steve McDowell, storage analyst with Moor Insights and Strategy, writes in Forbes: “This is the year that the industry will see in-memory computing, big database, and analytics applications begin to adopt SCM as a core part of their architectures.”
Putting it all together
The HPE Nimble Storage platform delivers the functionality that companies need to future-proof their storage investments.
Performance: Based on testing and comparisons with existing Nimble Storage products, the latest platform delivers up to 220% better price for performance.
Capacity: The platform comes with a Store More Guarantee: If it doesn't meet the storage efficiency of an all-flash competitor, HPE will match additional capacity for free.
Visibility: The platform's integration with HPE InfoSight brings greater visibility through predictive storage and management.
Adaptability. The new flash arrays support NVMe and SCM, as well as the performance demands of emerging technologies.
Click here to find out more.
I just love how the mouth-coating texture and full-bodied weight of rich reds and creamy whites tastes this time of year. They pair well with mainstay winter dishes such as braised meats, rich pastas and bean stews. The right bottle is the perfect excuse for a great night in. So here are five such bottles priced at under $40 — less than the cost of a night out for two at the movies. 2016 Mitolo The Nessus Shiraz, McLaren Vale, Australia (Vintages 457291 $17.95 in stores only) Hitting shelves in Ontario on Feb. 3, this stunning Shiraz starts with warm aromas of stewed plums and dark chocolate before swathing the palate with a deeply plush, velvety richness imbued with flavours of macerated dark berries, ripe damson and bittersweet chocolate. Allusions of tar, black olive and black pepper underpin that generous chocolate-berry core and taper to a final tug on the finish. Full-bodied deliciousness that tastes like it was made for pouring on brisk winter days — maybe with roast beef. Score: 94 2015 Sonoma-Cutrer Russian River Ranches Chardonnay, California (Vintages Essential 608653 $27.95 in stores and online)
Article Continued Below
2015 Sonoma-Cutrer Russian River Ranches Chardonnay, California (Vintages Essential 608653 $27.95 in stores and online) ( Sonoma-Cutrer Vineyards )
If you like lemon meringue pie, you'll love this gorgeous white wine. Tantalizing scents of lemon zest and toasted meringue lead to a smooth, creamy lick of bright lemon custard edged with freshly baked butter pastry that tastes luxe and polished. The finish is long, slow and ends with a final twist of lemon oil. This classic and toasty style of wooded Chardonnay is the perfect pour for a cosy night in with cheese fondue or raclette. Score: 90 2013 Negrar Amarone della Valpolicella Classico DOCG, Veneto, Italy (LCBO 44784 $37.10 in stores and online)
2013 Negrar Amarone della Valpolicella Classico DOCG, Veneto, Italy (LCBO 44784 $37.10 in stores and online) ( Cantina Sociale Valpolicella )
Made from partially dried grapes, Amarone is always big and muscular, often hedonistic, and a bit special because it costs a bit more to produce and to buy. But when it's good, it's marvellous — especially on a mid-winter day when Jack Frost has been nipping at your nose. This bottle is a very fine example with its oy aromas of black cherries, warm figs and tobacco; silky smooth entry; and mouth-filling thunderclap hit of dried plum, black cherries and figs edged with warm dates, espresso, tobacco, freshly turned earth and more. It's a powerhouse of flavour worthy of beef tenderloin. Score: 92+ 2015 J. Lohr Los Osos Merlot, Paso Robles, California (Vintages Essential 27516 $22.95 in stores and online)
2015 J. Lohr Los Osos Merlot, Paso Robles, California (Vintages Essential 27516 $22.95 in stores and online) ( J Lohr Winery )
Do you like perfectly ripe cherries dipped in really good, melting milk chocolate? If so, taste this wine; because it's exactly what it tastes like. None of that shock of searing acidity or gum-drying grip of a tough tannin you might find in other styles of red wine, just one big swirl of plush goodness imbued with bone dry flavours of cherry, chocolate, vanilla and cream to warm up any winter night. Goes beautifully with spice-rubbed, oven roasted chicken. Score: 89 2016 Chakana Nuna Estate Organic Malbec, Lujan de Cuyo, Mendoza, Argentina (Vintages 18671 $16.95 in stores only)
2016 Chakana Nuna Estate Organic Malbec, Lujan de Cuyo, Mendoza, Argentina (Vintages 18671 $16.95 in stores only) ( Proviva )
Ewha Womans University president Kim Hei-sook, 61, makes a speech at a press conference held at the school in the morning, 15 June, 2017. (Photo courtesy of Ewha)
Newly-minted Ewha Womans University president Kim Hei-sook on Thursday vowed open communication and inclusive leadership, seeking to rebuild the elite school after months of internal and external troubles that led to the arrest of several school officials, including her predecessor.“Opposite views and conflicts are natural in a human society, and I believe we can settle conflicts through dialogue,” the 61-year-old philosophy professor said at her first press conference since inauguration at the school's campus in Seoul.Kim took office on May 31, as the university's first president elected in a direct vote of the faculty, administrative staff and students. The office was left vacant by Choi Kyung-hee who stepped down in October last year amid allegations that she gave admission favors to Chung Yoo-ra, the daughter of former President Park Geun-hye's longtime friend and confidante. The admission fraud was part of a sweeping corruption scandal surrounding Park which eventually led to her impeachment.The detained Choi is now on trial, along with four other school officials and professors.The new school chief was at the front of professors' protests against the school's leadership then led by Choi.“The key task is to build trust. The first thing I will do is to resolve conflicts among members of the school and lead them into the path of harmony and integration,” said Kim at the inauguration ceremony last month.Ewha is one of South Korea's most prestigious educational institutions with its 130-year history.During her election campaign, Kim vowed to “return Ewha to its original state and restore its honor.”Kim's term as university president is until February 2021.By Bak Se-hwan (sh@heraldcorp.com)
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Abel Hernandez has promised Hull boss Leonid Slutsky that he's ready, willing and Abel to fire the Tigers back to the Premier League - for the second time.
Uruguayan international hit-man Hernandez notched 20 goals for City in their promotion-winning campaign two seasons ago.
Now he's out to better that this time around after bagging a hat-trick in his relegated side's 4-1 thumping of Burton last Saturday.
Hernandez, who arrived at the KCOM as Hull's £10million record buy from Palermo three years ago, is lethal in the Championship.
His treble against the Brewers took his tally to 23 goals in just 41 outings in the second tier of English football, and he's hungry for more as the Tigers chase an instant return to the top flight.
(Image: Rex Features)
Hernandez said:”I'm out to score more than I did last time we played in this division. That was a very good season for me - my best in English football so far - but I want to do even better this time.
“It would be great to beat that total, and that's my aim. But my main focus is to improve here at Hull and help us achieve our targets this season.
“That is why I am working hard not only to achieve my own personal goals, but also for the team as well. We all want to enjoy a successful season.”
Slutsky's re-shaped side aim to keep the Wolves from the door tonight and build on a start to the term which has seen them take four points from their opening two games.
(Image: Rex Features)
But the men from Molineux travel to East Yorkshire having got their campaign off to a flier with big wins over Middlesbrough and Derby.
Hernandez added: ”It's a big game for both teams, but we want to keep our good run going.
“On a personal note, it's a great feeling for any striker to score three goals in one game - the best feeling a striker can have in football.
“It was the perfect afternoon for me against Burton and, hopefully, I can maintain that level throughout the season.”
Source: Irrigation capacity doubles | The Herald
Elita Chikwati Senior Agriculture Reporter
THE irrigation capacity of Zimbabwe National Water Authority's dams has almost doubled as a result of the heavy rains received this summer season.
Last year, dams had an estimated irrigation capacity of 78 204 hectares and if the additional capacity of 69 320 is fully utilised, the parastatal's water sources will have a capacity of 147 524ha.
Zinwa corporate communications and marketing manager Mrs Marjorie Munyonga on Thursday, urged farmers to take advantage of the available water to irrigate.
She said farmers should pay for the water.
“One of the major purposes of the dams around the country is irrigation,'' said Mrs Munyonga. “Agriculture remains one of the major water users, moreso with the introduction of Command Agriculture.
“Zinwa expects a surge in demand for irrigation water in the coming water year which commenced on April 1, 2017. The advent of climate change has also seen a rise in irrigation agriculture.
“To this end, Zinwa appeals to all raw water users and prospective users to start putting together their water budgets and approach their respective catchment offices to obtain water abstraction agreements.”
Mrs Munyonga said it was a legal requirement that every person or organisation that uses water from Zinwa managed dams does so in terms of a water abstraction agreement.
She said farmers applying for new agreements or renewing lapsed ones should bring proof of land ownership (offer letter or lease agreement), agricultural report (from agricultural extension officer), amount of water needed, crop to be grown and the hectarage expected to be irrigated.
“With an anticipated rise in the demand for raw water, especially irrigation water, Zinwa will, during the course of the water year, put in place robust monitoring mechanisms to rid the dams and other water bodies of illegal users, Mrs Munyonga said.
“This will be done in conjunction with other stakeholders and law enforcement agencies such as the police. Any illegal use detected will result in disconnections and prosecution in terms of the Water Act.
Zimbabwe received above average rainfall in the 2016/7 season, which resulted in extensive flooding in most parts of the country.
Most dams are now full and spilling.
Dams that had not filled for years such as Mazowe, Upper and Lower Ncema have spilled this year, bringing hope to local communities and farmers.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
More
Google
Reddit
Arthur Billingsley sent us these photos with a quick note: “A relaxing and beautiful flight at sunset from Fort Lauderdale, Florida (KFLL), to Palatka, Florida (28J) at 9,000 feet. These pictures were captured near Cape Canaveral and Orlando (KMCO).
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Kellogg Co:
* KELLOGG SAYS ‍ON JAN 30, CO ENTERED INTO UNSECURED 5-YEAR CREDIT AGREEMENT DATED AS OF JAN 30, 2018​ - SEC FILING
* KELLOGG - ‍IN CONNECTION WITH ENTERING INTO NEW CREDIT FACILITY, CO TERMINATED EXISTING FIVE-YEAR CREDIT AGREEMENT DATED AS OF FEB 28, 2014​
* KELLOGG CO - ‍NEW FIVE-YEAR CREDIT FACILITY ALLOWS CO TO BORROW, ON A REVOLVING CREDIT BASIS UP TO US $1.5 BILLION
* KELLOGG-ALSO ENTERED INTO UNSECURED 364-DAY CREDIT AGREEMENT DATED AS OF JAN 30; FACILITY ALLOWS CO TO BORROW, ON REVOLVING CREDIT BASIS UP TO $1 BILLION Source text : (bit.ly/2GFp6Pf) Further company coverage:
Audio-only stream below
View 10. Don't say V10. But they have one of those too.
Want to get in touch?
Sure, you can just listen to the AndroidCentral Podcast. (And you should.) But it's much more fun to be a part of it. And there are several ways you can do so.
E-mail us: Have a question and want us to answer it on-air? E-mail us here.
Podcast sponsorships
If you're interested in advertising on the Android Central Podcast, please contact Standard Broadcast Co..
Credits
The AndroidCentral Podcast is sponsored by ShopAndroid.com. And thanks to these great artists for providing their music under the Creative Commons license:
North Korea's Ryom Tae Ok, left, and Kim Ju Sik, perform during a Pairs Figure Skating training session prior to the 2018 Winter Olympics in Gangneung, South Korea, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018. Felipe Dana AP Photo
February 2, 2018 (ED-DAEIN) - Unidentified gunmen on Thursday have kidnapped a resident of East Darfur State capital, Ed-Daein from his home and took him to an unknown destination.
Kamel Mohamed Bashir, who works as a driver, was abducted at gunpoint by unknown armed men from his home which is located north of the railway in Ed-Daein, a relative of the kidnapped by the name of Khalid Ahmed told Sudan Tribune
According to Ahmed, three gunmen on a blue four-wheel-drive Land Cruiser vehicle stormed the victim's house at 8:30 pm (local time) on Thursday and took him to an unknown location.
He added the family of the victim notified the prosecutor office and the police, saying he wasn't found at any of the police detention centres in the state.
Ahmed further said the victim's family has urged the residents of the East Darfur State and in particular Ed-Daein to contact the police immediately if they receive any information about the vehicle.
They also appealed to the security authorities to capture the culprits and free their abducted son.
In August 2017, the Sudanese government launched a major disarmament campaign in Darfur and Kordofan, saying illegal weapons pose the greatest threat to security and stability in the western regions.
(ST)
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The holiday of Diwali is starting to light up mainstream America.
Diwali, a festival of lights celebrated by Hindus, Sikhs, Jains and others in India and other countries, has long been observed in immigrant communities around the United States.
But now public celebrations of the holiday are starting to pop up in places ranging from Disneyland and Times Square to parks and museums.
The Times Square event is the brainchild of Neeta Bhasin, who says that while many Indian immigrants have found great success in the U.S., “still people don't know much about India. I felt it's about time that we should take India to mainstream America and showcase India's rich culture, heritage, arts and diversity to the world. And I couldn't find a better place than the center of the universe: Times Square.”
Bhasin, who came to the United States from India 40 years ago, is president of ASB Communications, the marketing firm behind Diwali at Times Square. The event, now in its fourth year, has drawn tens of thousands of people in the past. It's scheduled for Oct. 7, from 2 p.m. to 9 p.m., with dance performances, Bollywood singers, a bazaar of food, saris and other goods, and a lighting ceremony, http://diwalitimessquare.com/.
While Diwali celebrations are held throughout the fall, the holiday's actual date is Oct. 19. Also called Deepavali, it's an autumn harvest festival held just before the Hindu new year. Celebrations include lighting oil lamps or candles called diyas to symbolize “a victory of knowledge over ignorance, light over darkness, good over evil,” said Bhasin.
The Diwali celebration at Disney California Adventure Park in Anaheim, California, includes performances of traditional Indian dances and a Bollywood dance party for guests. It's part of a festival of holidays at the theme park reflecting cultural traditions from around the world. The Disney festival begins Nov. 10 and runs through Jan. 7, https://disneyland.disney.go.com/events-tours/disney-california-adventure/festival-of-holidays/.
San Antonio, Texas, has one of the nation's largest city-sponsored celebrations of Diwali, drawing more than 15,000 people each year. The 2017 event, scheduled for Nov. 4 at La Villita, a historic arts village, will be its ninth annual Diwali celebration with Indian dance, entertainment, food, crafts, fireworks and the release of lighted candles into the San Antonio River along the city's River Walk, http://www.diwalisa.com/.
New York City's Rubin Museum will mark Diwali with an overnight Ragas Live Festival featuring more than 50 Indian classical musicians performing amid the museum's collection of sacred Himalayan art. The event begins Oct. 21 at 10 a.m. and continues all day and night through Oct. 22 at 10 a.m., http://rubinmuseum.org/events/event/ragas-live-festival-10-21-2017. Chai and mango lassis will be served, visitors will have access to all the galleries and pop-up events like meditation and sunrise prayer will be offered. Special tickets will be sold for the opportunity to sleep beneath the artwork.
Other places hosting Diwali celebrations include Cary, North Carolina, in Regency Park, Oct. 14, http://humsub.net/our-event/cary-diwali/; Flushing Town Hall, Queens, New York, Oct. 29, http://www.flushingtownhall.org/event/f8275c4cbb4d9fd6658cf29b6e1dae09; the Seattle Center, Oct. 21, http://seattlecenter.com/festal/detail.aspx?id=99; the Dulles Expo center in Chantilly, Virginia, Oct. 7-8, http://www.hifestival.com/; and Memorial Park in Cupertino, California, Sept. 30, http://www.cupertino.org/our-city/departments/recreation-and-community-services/community-events/diwali-festival-october. In Columbus, Ohio, the Ohio History Center is hosting a photo exhibit about the city's fast-growing population of immigrants from Nepal, Bhutan and India, with a Diwali event Oct. 8, https://www.ohiohistory.org/participate/event-calendar/ohio-history-center/bhutanese-nepali.
Bhasin said Diwali's message is particularly timely now. “It is extremely important to be together and showcase to the world, not only Indians, but the entire immigrant community, to be together with Americans and to show the world we are one, we are all the same human beings,” she said.
On New Year's Eve, the iconic Hollywood sign in Los Angeles was altered by pranksters to read Hollyweed, something that Los Angeles residents noticed when they awoke on Sunday morning. Surveillance footage shows that a male suspect began his transformation of the famous sign at 3 a.m. and was dressed all in black. After he scaled Mount Lee and went over the fence, he climbed over the two “O” letters of the Hollywood sign and covered them with black tarps so that the letters then spelled out lowercase “E's.” The LAPD revealed that if the prankster was caught and arrested, he would face a misdemeanor and trespassing charge, as ABC7 News reported. Los Angeles's Department of General Services were made aware of the trespassing incident by the LAPD, as their officers patrol the area close to the sign, as well as Griffith Park. So while the Hollywood sign was briefly altered to read Hollyweed, by 11:15 a.m. rangers had taken off the black tarps and uncloaked the Hollywood sign once more. The Hollywood sign was changed to say Hollyweed today pic.twitter.com/NSWmbgz9aP — Tommy Chong (@tommychong) January 1, 2017 This isn't the first time that the Hollywood sign has been changed to read Hollyweed. In 1976, the exact same thing happened when a group of activists led by Danny Finegood decided to change the name of the sign. However, in this particular case, it wasn't meant as a prank. Finegood's wife, Bonnie, said that it was “a message.” While Danny Finegood died in 2007, his wife explains that he and his friends faced the risk of arrest for their political statement, which revolved around the relaxing of marijuana possession laws in California in 1976, as CBS report. Danny Finegood's son, Matt Finegood, relates how his friends began phoning him up once news got out that the Hollywood sign had been changed again to Hollyweed. “My friends were calling me, they're like ‘Did you do this?' I would just like text them back with that sly face you know, just to keep them on their toes. Nah, I wish it was me, but it wasn't.” What was turned into the Hollyweed sign once read Hollywoodland before it said Hollywood. [Image by Don Ryan/AP Images] The iconic Hollywood sign has a lot of history behind it and originally began its life reading Hollywoodland, which was an ad campaign for a housing development of the same name that was built by the publisher of the Los Angeles Times, Harry Chandler, for $21,000. It was Daeida Wilcox who is rumored to have christened the area Hollywood in the late 19th century. Daeida's husband was the town founder, Harvey Wilcox, and in 1887, when Daeida was traveling by train, she is purported to have met a woman who talked about the summer home she had in Florida that she called Hollywood. Daeida Wilcox loved the name so much that she told her husband about it, and that is thought to be where the name Hollywood comes from. Hollywood Sign stated that the Hollywoodland real estate development began in March of 1923, and by June, seven miles of road had been cut by 200 men. While some reports have claimed that the development began in 1924, a closer inspection through a review of local newspapers like the Los Angeles Times and Los Angeles Examiner prove that it was, in fact, 1923 and that the earliest reported date of the sign was on December 14, 1923, in the paper Holly Leaves. The new Hollywood sign close to the top of Mount Lee in Los Angeles is unveiled on November 11, 1978. [Image by George Brich/AP Images] In this paper, they discuss the Mulholland Highway that was close to being built and described it as being “from the western end of the Griffith Park road, under the electric sign of Hollywoodland, around Lake Hollywood and across the dam.” Just two years after the first changing of the Hollywood sign to Hollyweed, the sign was under threat from termites in 1978 and the letter “O” had slipped down the mountainside. Hugh Hefner came to the rescue and threw a giant party at the Playboy Mansion in order to raise the funds needed to fix the sign. A host of other celebrities also chipped in as well. In November of 1978, the new Hollywood sign was placed up again, with 60 million people tuning in to view the unveiling at the 75th-anniversary celebration. So while Los Angeles residents woke up on New Year's Day to find that the Hollywood sign had been altered to read Hollyweed, it is worth remembering that there is a lot of history behind this sign and that it has gone under different names, from Hollywoodland to Hollywood to the latest Hollyweed. [Featured Image by Damian Dovarganes/AP Images]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
ROSEDALE — At last week's West Bolivar Consolidated School District board meeting, parent Gail Towers voiced concerns about the unorganized process to provide students and parents with information relating to dual enrollment.
Dual enrollment allows students to take college courses while still in high school.
"(The board) may want to consider next year, having that information prepared during registration so parents can get it because they need some time to digest, look over, and go through it," said Towers.
She added, "My big concern is that there was a meeting I think (Thursday). But initially certain students were picked out and individually given information, others overlooked. (Parents) had to run the respected person down to try to get the information. I don't think that should be, because they had all summer to work on some of this."
Parent Theresa Murphy expressed concerns about an increase in fees for dual enrollment with Coahoma Community College.
Former interim superintendent Charles Barron made a suggestion to see if the board could pay a portion of the dual enrollment fee.
Superintendent Beverly Culley said she would research the matter to see whether the district would be able to pay a portion of those fees.
"If (the fee) increased, it may be because it's a college course, and public education is not responsible for college courses. If it's at all possible that the district can handle that, and we would like to encourage our students to get into dual enrollment programs, then we will pay that fee from the board," said Culley.
Murphy said the board should work fast because dual enrollment classes begin at Coahoma on Monday.
Towers also asked the board if there was a plan in place to provide students who don't have certified teachers with proper instruction.
In June, Towers voiced concerns about the amount of vacancies in the district, which at the time was reported to have been 40 vacancies between administrators and instructors.
Culley said the district would provide virtual classes for those students to make sure they receive a highly qualified instructor.
Culley added that the district had a choice to use the learning programs Edgenuity and Compass Learning.
According to Culley, using the Compass Learning, would have cost the district over $100,000 to serve students, or $400 per person, while Edgenuity would cost $10,000 to serve students.
"We will have a facilitator in the room with those students so that they can help remediate or provide enrichments in order to insure those students are staying on task or are in the classroom," said Culley.
Along with implementing a virtual learning option, the district is also in the process of buying Chromebooks for those students.
Culley said there was a professional development meeting with administrators and staff at McEvans Elementary to determine how many Chromebooks the district will need to purchase.
The superintendent plans to meet with other schools this week.
Board president Evereth Stanton asked Ronnie Brown, principal of McEvans Elementary School, to express his thoughts on the professional development meeting.
"Today was a process of organizing for the district and the school because that's where we kind of have fallen short for years. Today was a day where we got the chance to organize things in order to be on the same page, so that we make sure that we do what is best for our students.
“What we looked at was our issues with staffing, and we looked at solutions in order to make sure we have certified staff to cover those students who may need facilitators to cover those areas where we may have to use virtual learning," said Brown.
"I thought the process was great because like I said we can always point out where an issue is but without having a way to address it, it is still just an issue," added Brown. "So today was a day that we got a chance to address that together. I think we need to have more conversations and be open about what we are here for because if we do that then our students benefit from that."
SINGAPORE, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Crisis-wracked commodity trader Noble Group said on Friday said proposed agreements to sell four dry bulk carrier vessels have fallen through after the buyers failed to get approval from their boards for the deals by Thursday.
Noble estimated it would have received net proceeds of about $30 million if the vessels had been sold, after repayment of mortgages associated with the ships and other costs.
“Noble Group wishes to update that the vessels are, in the current market, profit generating and cash flow positive,” it said in a statement. The vessels were still available for sale and the company has started discussions with interested third parties, it added.
The proposed disposal of the vessels is a part of the company's debt reduction plans. This week, Noble proposed a deal under which existing shareholders' equity would be nearly wiped out, whiles the restructured company would have much lower debt. (Reporting by Aradhana Aravindan; editing by Richard Pullin)
THE Elland Road experience has already left an imprint on the soul of not just Laurens De Bock, but his family as well.
Their first taste of one of the most impassioned arenas in English football showcased the famous old stadium at its raucous best just a fortnight ago.
Leeds United's new defender Laurens De Bock (Picture: Tony Johnson).
Unfortunately, that was in a losing cause on a thunderous afternoon against Millwall, although the De Bock clan are unlikely to forget the atmosphere in a hurry.
Leeds United's new left-back is eager for a second fill today against another rival for whom Whites supporters do not have a great deal of time in Cardiff City, with the caveat being that the vast majority of another bumper crowd herald a home victory at full-time.
The Belgium defender has sampled some pulsating atmospheres in his career so far. From the febrile and bearpit atmosphere of Besiktas's throbbing Vodaphone Park in Istanbul's suburbs to a league-clinching afternoon at former club Club Brugge.
Belgium may not be considered a hot bed of football, but speak to any European footballing connoisseur and they will say that the nation of chocolates and Trappist beers has its moments, in terms of choice atmospheres.
But two weeks ago, especially when Pierre-Michel Lasogga fired Leeds into a 3-2 lead, was something else.
On his debut, De Bock said: “It was unbelievable. To be 2-0 behind and score three goals in 15 minutes; I never had this before and I think it will never happen again. It was quite crazy.
“When we scored to make it 3-2 against Millwall, it was an unbelievable atmosphere.
“I remember I played at Besiktas, which was really amazing, and remember with my former team when we won the Championship at home against our biggest rival, Anderlecht, and won the game 4-0 and it was really crazy.
“When I enter the pitch, I play much better with a better atmosphere. It creates the fire in you.
“My family were in the stand, my son, father and girlfriend against Millwall and they said it is amazing and they had not had it before. Even not in Bruges. When we scored to make it 3-2, it was amazing.”
For those old enough to remember it, the phrase ‘here come the Belgians' may forever be associated with the BBC's highly popular comedy game show It's a Knockout, which ran from 1966 to 1982.
But given the proliferation of Belgium stars who have headed across the North Sea to make names for themselves in the Premier League over the years, it has a contemporary resonance.
After the likes of Francois van der Elst and Nico Claesen made their mark in the Eighties, it was left to Philippe Albert to fly the standard in the early days of the Premier League.
Now Belgium's creme de la creme operate in what is considered to be the world's best domestic league, headlined by the stellar talents of Kevin de Bruyne and Eden Hazard,
Other marquee players such as Romelu Lukaku, Toby Alderweireld and Thibaut Courtois ply their trade in a division that has always captured the imagination of Belgian football fans, including De Bock.
It is his devout hope to be playing in it with Leeds during the course of the four-and-a-half year contract that he recently signed after joining for £1.5m.
The 25-year-old, one of Leeds's most adept performers in Tuesday's goalless draw at Hull City, said: “I think everybody who is a football player wants to play in England.
“When you are in Belgium and a young player, they ask you where you want to go when you are older and everybody says that they want to go to the Premier League or to England.
“I watched a lot of Match of the Day before. You have BBC in Belgium and are always looking for the goals in the Premier League and Champions League.
“I remember I saw Leeds playing in the Champions League and remember (Alan) Smith, the striker. But this is a long time ago. I have some images.
“Obviously, Leeds is a very big club. I spoke to some guys who were in my team who had played in England before like Jelle Vossen, who was at Middlesbrough, and (Jordy) Clasie and asked for some advice and they said that when you have the opportunity, you need to go.
“I liked my time in Bruges and we won the cup and was very happy.
“But I was there for five years and sometimes you have the feeling for something new and new objectives and challenges.
“I think my time at Bruges was finished and I had to go somewhere else to start again.”
The immediate challenge at Leeds is to provide fresh impetus into a play-off quest that is in danger of stalling after a five-match winless streak – with the club's February itinerary having given fuel to some doubters who have ventured that the Whites' top-six race might be run after a poor return of points in a clutch of winnable matches.
Not so, De Bock emphatically interjects, and given the Championship's endless capacity to surprise it is said with justification.
He observed: “In football, it can go very fast.
“Now we are four points behind and in two weeks we might be four points ahead. We know we have a lot of difficult days coming on, but we have a lot of quality in the team.
“I think when everyone is fit again and able to play, we are ready to get the points to get in the Premier League.”
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): An elegant flag hoisting ceremony Monday was
held at the Pakistan Embassy in Paris to celebrate the 70th anniversary of
Pakistan's Independence.
A large number of Pakistani community along with their families
also attended the ceremony.
Special messages of President and Prime Minister of Pakistan
were read out.
Pakistan's ambassador to France, Moin-ul-Haque in his address congratulated the Pakistan community and entire Pakistani nation on this historic occasion.
He said that 70th Independence Day marked a milestone in our
remarkable journey of making Pakistan a peaceful and stronger country.
He lauded the untiring efforts and sacrifices rendered by Muslim of
India under the dynamic leadership of Quaid-e-Azam, Muhammad Ali Jinnah to achieve freedom and a separate homeland for the Muslim of sub-continent.
He expressed confidence that the whole nation would work together for
the country's prosperity and development and to realize the vision of our founding fathers for making Pakistan a modern and prosperous state.
Young Pakistani girls and boys clad in national dresses and holding
national flags sung the patriotic songs on the occassion.
Canadian indigenous people have been described as “ghosts of history,” spectres lingering in the background, haunting our legacy. This refers to the fact indigenous people have been ignored to a great extent in Canadian history, yet Canadians are fully aware that indigenous people were here long before the arrival of the Europeans. Canadians are also generally aware that indigenous people were mistreated over time. Their lands and culture were stripped away through questionable means leaving generations traumatized.For many Canadians, ignorance is bliss — it has been easier on the conscience to just ignore this unpleasant chapter in Canadian history and pretend the displacement, oppression and trauma of indigenous people never happened.In the short run, ignoring this history may make it easier for Canadians to have pride in being Canadian. But, in the long run, ignoring this history rather than facing it head on, has costs. It weighs heavily on the Canadian psyche.The eclipse of the indigenous people by the English and French settlers by the time of Confederation has left present day Canada floundering with its identity — and even affects us on the world stage. Canada's attempt to be a leader on the world stage as a champion of human rights is often ridiculed by its enigmatic treatment of its indigenous population.Article Continued BelowIn 2014, a United Nations report showed that, of the bottom 100 communities in Canada on the Community Well-being Index, 96 were indigenous communities. In 2015, the Conference Board of Canada ranked 117 health regions in Canada and found that indigenous communities were at the bottom, mostly affected by social problems affecting health. That's the effect of systematically undervaluing a whole group of people. That's trauma in real life.History also shows us how important indigenous people were to the founding of Canada. John Ralston Saul argues that Canadian identity extends beyond the French and English and actually rests on a triangular foundation that includes Canada's indigenous peoples. Early exploration and settlement by the French, followed by the English, would not have been possible without the assistance of indigenous people and whole indigenous nations.Indigenous people taught the rest how to exist on this land we call Canada. Indigenous participation in the fur trade enabled the establishment of the first major economic activity in this country.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
The Singapore police arrested 31 men and seized about S$1.2 million in cash for illegal football betting during 2018 FIFA World Cup on Monday, July 4.
Police said in a new release on Tuesday, July 5. During the islandwide operation, officers raided several locations such as Boon Lay, Jalan Sultan, Sembawang, Orchard Road, Tampines, Ang Mo Kio, Chinatown, Balestier, Sengkang, Hougang and Bukit Batok. Police also said that all these suspects are aged between 22 and 74.
Police found records of betting, computers, mobile phones and other documents from all the betting locations. Officers said that in past two weeks those alleged offenders have collected almost more than S$4 million.
As reported, the Deputy Commissioner of Police (Investigation and Intelligence) Florence Chua said that the operation was conducted as a part of the police's continuous efforts on the search of illegal gambling acts, especially during the World Cup.
In addition, he also stated that police has taken a serious view against such unlawful gambling activity and will continue their activities to stamp out the criminals, including those who operated such syndicates.
The investigation on all those arrested men is going on.
Under the Common Gambling House Act,
Gaming houses declared public nuisances
Any person who:
(a) being the owner or occupier or having the use temporarily or otherwise thereof keeps or uses a place as a common gaming house;
(b) permits a place of which he is the owner or occupier or of which he has used temporarily or otherwise to be kept or used by another person as a common gaming house;
(c) has the care or management of or in any manner assists in the management of a place kept or used as a common gaming house;
(d) announces or publishes or causes to be announced or published, either orally or by means of any print, writing, design, sign or otherwise, that any place is opened, kept or used as a common gaming house, or in any other manner invites or solicits any person to commit a breach of section 7, 8 or 9; or
(e) conducts in or through any newspaper or any other periodical publication, or in connection with any trade or business or the sale of any article to the public — (i) any competition in which prizes are offered for forecasts of the results either of a future event or of a past event the result of which is not yet ascertained or not yet generally known; or (ii) any other competition success in which does not depend to a substantial degree upon the exercise of skill,-shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine of not less than $5,000 and not more than $50,000 and shall also be punished with imprisonment for a term not exceeding 3 years.
Assisting in carrying on a public lottery, etc.
Any person who-
(a) assists in the carrying on of a public lottery; (b) receives, directly or indirectly, any money or money's worth for or in respect of any chance in any event or contingency connected with a public lottery or sells or offers for sale or gives or delivers or collects any lottery ticket; (c) draws, throws, declares or exhibits, expressly or otherwise, the winner or winning number, ticket, lot, figure, design, symbol or other results of any public lottery; or (d) writes, prints or publishes or causes to be written, printed or published any lottery ticket or list of prizes or any announcement of the result of a public lottery or any announcement or riddle relating to a public lottery,
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Nex Group Plc:
* ‍SPOT FX VOLUMES FOR JAN 2018 UP 13 PERCENT AT $104.9 BILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
Actors are known to be extremely particular when it comes to their contracts and while most of them have clauses such as those relating to nudity, Aamir Khan will surprise you with a secret clause that has been a part of his contract ever since years. Much to our surprise, the clause has been in process since his early films such as Rangeela.
Wondering what it is? According to report in BL, a source mentioned, “Aamir Khan has this ‘no low angle shot' clause in his contract. Even when he worked with Ram Gopal Varma back in 1995, the clause restricted Ramu from shooting Aamir Khan that way. Considering RGV has his own ways for shooting a film, with lots of such shots.”
Interestingly, till now all of Aamir's directors have respected this clause and strayed away from shooting any low-angle shots. Even a director like Ram Gopal Varma who is known for using such angles in his films, had not taken a single low-angle shot of Aamir in his 1995 film Rangeela.
Currently, Aamir has left for China for the premiere of his 2016 film, Dangal. Directed by Nitesh Tiwari, the movie portrays an inspirational story of former Indian wrestler Mahavir Phogat, who trains his daughters Geeta and Babita to become world-class wrestlers.
Also, Aamir Khan's next, Secret Superstar will be locking horns with Rajinikanth and Akshay Kumar starrer 2.o at the box office when the films will make their way to theaters over the Diwali weekend, says the spokesperson of Secret Superstar.
The film features Dangal actress Zaira Wasim, who has just won a National Film Award, along with Aamir, who plays a role that he best explains as “dal mein tadka” — addition of spice to the movie.
Aamir Khan Productions' project is written and directed by Advait Chandan.
* U.S. nonfarm payrolls data due 1330 GMT * Palladium on track for biggest weekly drop since Sept * GRAPHIC-2018 asset returns: tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Updates throughout, adds LONDON dateline) By Jan Harvey LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Gold edged lower on Friday as the dollar ticked up against the euro ahead of hotly anticipated U.S. non-farm payrolls data later, which will be closely watched for clues on the outlook for U.S. interest rates. The dollar rose 0.2 percent against the single currency in early trade, though it remained on track for a seventh straight weekly loss. Its early signs of strength pressured gold, which is priced in the U.S. unit. Spot gold was down 0.3 percent at $1,345.22 an ounce at 1030 GMT, while U.S. gold futures for June delivery were flat at $1,353.10 an ounce. The payrolls data due at 1330 GMT is expected to show that the United States added 180,000 jobs in January, an increase from 148,000 the month before. Stronger than expected numbers could shore up expectations for the Federal Reserve to press ahead with interest rates hikes this year, increasing the opportunity cost of holding non-yielding bullion. "If we have any news that makes it more (likely) that we have more and faster rate hikes in the United States, of course it will be negative for the price," Frank Schallenberger, head of commodities research at LBBW, said. "If we have very strong data from the U.S. and signs that the economy is even stronger than everyone thinks, it will be bad for gold in the short term, but what counts is the long term. I think fundamentals are very strong at the moment, and $1,350 is not the end." The Fed held interest rates unchanged after its latest policy meeting this week but raised its inflation outlook and flagged "further gradual" rate increases. Gold is set to end this week little changed, after rising in six out of the last seven weeks and hitting its highest in 17 months last week at $1,366.07. On the wider markets, world stocks were set to post their biggest weekly drop since late 2016 as talk of central bank policy tightening and expectations of higher inflation boosted borrowing costs globally. Holding gold offers a degree of insurance if the broader market suffers a correction, ScotiaMocatta said in a monthly report this week. "Record-setting global equities may well start to wobble if inflation starts to pick up, or if bond yields/interest rates continue to rise," it said. Silver was 0.7 percent lower at $17.11 an ounce, while platinum was down 1.4 percent at $991.60 and palladium was up 0.6 percent at $1,042.72. After hitting record highs this month, palladium fell to its lowest since Dec. 18 at $1,013.72 on Thursday and is on track for its biggest weekly drop since early September, down 4.8 percent. (Additional reporting by Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; Editing by Alison Williams)
LOUISVILLE, Ky. -- Louisville has parted ways with senior associate athletic director Mark Jurich and two officials in a departmental restructuring. Jurich is the son of former Cardinals AD Tom Jurich.
Associate AD for marketing Julianne Waldron and associate AD for human resources Kim Maffet are also out.
Interim AD Vince Tyra said Friday in a statement that all three made "productive contributions" and wished them well, but added that the department is restructuring leadership and "creating efficiencies" among senior staff.
Mark Jurich led fundraising for several capital projects, including the $63 million enclosure of the football team's Papa John's Cardinal Stadium field. He remained on staff following his father's Oct. 18 firing after 20 years, in the wake of the school's acknowledgement it was being investigated in a federal bribery probe of college basketball.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Huttig Building Products Inc:
* HUTTIG BUILDING PRODUCTS SAYS ‍EFFECTIVE JAN 31, 2018, OSCAR MARTINEZ IS NO LONGER SERVING AS VICE PRESIDENT & CFO OF CO - SEC FILING
* HUTTIG BUILDING PRODUCTS - ‍ BOARD APPOINTED JON VRABELY AS INTERIM CFO UNTIL PERMANENT REPLACEMENT FOR CFO POSITION HAS BEEN IDENTIFIED​
* HUTTIG BUILDING PRODUCTS INC - CO HAS COMMENCED SEARCH FOR A NEW CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER Source text - bit.ly/2DXSzX7 Further company coverage:
A terminally ill paedophile who bought crystal meth on the streets of London and lured children to his house for sex has been jailed after launching a drug operation inspired by US drama series Breaking Bad.
David Parkinson mirrored the plot of the hit show as he began dealing drugs after receiving a terminal diagnosis.
The 34-year-old is likely to die in prison after being jailed for 11 years for a string of offences.
Parkinson had been living in Australia and working in the financial services sector when he was diagnosed with terminal cancer in 2007.
He returned to England and later involved himself in the drug-dealing business, using his position as a supplier to lure children to his house for sex using mobile phone apps such as Grindr.
Inner London Crown Court heard how Parkinson even recruited his mother, 57-year-old Diane Parkinson, as his bookkeeper.
He travelled to London from his Lancashire home to buy large quantities of crystal meth, which he then supplied to gay men involved in ‘chem sex' parties, where lengthy orgies are fuelled by illegal narcotics.
The court heard how Parkinson was purchasing the drug for around £150 a gram in London before selling it on for more than £200 a gram.
He was arrested in April last year when officers stopped him in London.
A Met Police spokesperson said: “He had travelled to London from his Lancashire home to meet his supplier and officers found drugs worth £5,000 in his bag.
“With the assistance of Lancashire Constabulary and British Transport Police, Parkinson's home address was searched and an array of crystal meth, cocaine and amphetamine were found along with meticulous ledgers detailing drugs supplied.
“His mother was found inside the property in the process of tallying up their order book.”
A search of Parkinson's mobile phone revealed he had arranged to meet a 13-year-old child for sexual activity.
Appearing in court on Monday (February 13), Parkinson, of Leyland Road, Lancashire, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply crystal meth, possession with intent to supply crystal meth, arranging sexual activity with a 13-year-old and paying for sexual activity with a 13-year-old.
His mother pleaded guilty to nine counts of possession with intent to supply Class A and B drugs, and was jailed for three years and four months.
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Prime Minister Narendra Modi's plan to provide health insurance for about half the country would require an estimated 110 billion rupees ($1.7 billion) in central and state funding each year, sources familiar with the matter said.
The National Health Protection Scheme, which the government dubs "Modicare", was announced in Thursday's budget for 2018/19 and would provide 100 million families, or about 500 million poor people, with health cover of 500,000 rupees per year for free treatment of serious illnesses.
Several states now offer health insurance but these schemes are generally small and poorly implemented. Modi faces a national election next year and the new health programme is seen as a signature initiative to woo voters in the countryside, many of whom struggle with high healthcare costs.
The government estimates the cost of insuring each family under the new scheme at about 1,100 rupees ($17.15), said a government official who had direct knowledge of the matter and did not want to be identified.
Officials at NITI Aayog, India's federal think tank, on Friday said the government's estimated premium for insuring each family would be 1,000-1,200 rupees, confirming the funding would be shared between federal and state governments.
“This is a turning point for the health sector,” Vinod K. Paul, a member of NITI Aayog, told reporters.
Indian officials have said “the world's largest government funded health care programme” would have a central allocation of 20 billion rupees in 2018-19, but added that more funds would be made available as the programme is rolled out over the year.
Some critics have raised doubts whether 20 billion rupees in federal funding is enough to support the programme for 2018-19.
However, the government official said of the 110 billion rupees in premiums required to fund the programme, the federal government would contribute about 70 billion rupees with the 29 states providing the rest.
People segregate expired medicines outside a chemist store in New Delhi, India February 2, 2018. REUTERS/Saumya Khandelwal
The 50 billion rupees in federal funding on top of the budget allocation of 20 billion rupees would be made available as the scheme details are worked out over the coming months, the official said.
“Government health insurance companies have readily agreed to fund the programme (at this cost),” the official said.
A second source familiar with the planning said the government could also partly use the funds raised from a newly imposed 1 percent health cess on taxable incomes, and the health scheme would also benefit from the planned merger of three state-run insurance firms announced in Thursday's budget.
Slideshow (3 Images)
“It's a big pool (of people). When you have a mammoth insurance company, the task becomes easier,” said the source, adding that the government's premium payments for the scheme were expected to be low and manageable.
Modi's government on Thursday also raised the federal health budget by 11.5 percent to $8.3 billion for 2018-19.
The measures are Modi's latest attempt to reform a public health system that faces a shortage of hospitals and doctors. The government has also in recent years capped prices of critical drugs and medical devices and increased health funding.
Still, India spends only about 1 percent of its GDP on public health, among the world's lowest, and the health ministry estimates such funding leads to “catastrophic” expenses that push 7 percent of the population into poverty each year.
A top official at a state-run insurance company said the government would take 4 to 6 months to finalize the contours of the health plan since it would take time to get hospitals on board.
Nevertheless, a government-sponsored health programme will come as a major boost for the private hospital sector in India. Overburdened public hospitals mean nearly 70 percent of healthcare delivery is in the hands of private players.
The scheme “will be a game changer”, said Prathap Reddy, chairman of Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Ltd.
As of 14 August 2017, Daily Caller — a conservative web site with a twin nonprofit organization — has scrubbed its site of articles by Jason Kessler, the white supremacist who was an organizer of a deadly white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia the weekend before.
The violent rally in Charlottesville resulted in the deaths of three people: Charlottesville resident Heather Heyer, 32, was killed and nineteen people were injured on Saturday when a man drove a car into a group of counter-demonstrators. 20-year-old James Alex Fields of Ohio is being held on charges of murder and malicious wounding.
Virginia State Police Lt. H. Jay Cullen, 48 and Trooper-Pilot Berke Bates, were monitoring the unrest when the helicopter they were flying went down near the park in which the rally had taken place.
On 11 August 2017, white supremacists began to gather in Charlottesville bearing torches and chanting slogans such as “Jews will not replace us” and “white lives matter”. Some were heavily-armed and dressed in military-style gear. Others were seen giving Nazi salutes and making comments about “killing Jews”.
At the center of the melee is a statue of Robert E. Lee, a Confederate general, and simmering controversy over the statue's proposed removal from what was once known as Lee Park, but now called Emancipation Park. Kessler has placed himself directly in the center of the controversy. On 14 May 2017, he penned an article for the Daily Caller in which he embedded himself with white supremacists Richard Spencer and Nathan Damigo, who led another violent melee in Berkeley, California in April 2017. In that article, Kessler wrote:
Spencer spoke first, saying, “We are here to say no; no more attacks on our heritage, on our identity; no more attacks on us as a people.” Nathan Damigo, who caused a sensation in Berkeley by punching an Antifa rioter, added, “This fight is essentially a demographic struggle for the future of Western Civilization.” Like Damigo, many of the demonstrators weren't necessarily Southerners but sympathized with the fight to preserve a history which they say is increasingly under attack by Left-wing ideologues who want to tear down statues, change the names of buildings and rewrite history books to place white people in an unsympathetic and even hostile light.
Two weeks after the Daily Caller published Kessler's story, nonprofit news outlet ProPublica revealed he had left out some critical details — namely that Kessler didn't simply observe and report back on the rally; he was part of it. According to ProPublica:
The story, it turned out, also carried some critical omissions: It didn't disclose that its author, Jason Kessler, is supportive of white supremacist groups, and on the day of the march had himself made a speech to the protesters in which he praised fascist and racist organizations, thanked a prominent Holocaust denier, and declared the beginnings of a cultural “civil war.” ProPublica contacted Kessler after the article's publication. In the course of an extended interview, Kessler said he saw efforts to remove symbols of the Confederacy as part of a broader attack on white people who, in his view, face an “existential crisis.” “White people are rapidly becoming a minority in the U.S. and Europe,” he said, adding that he resented the country having to take in immigrants and refugees. “If we're not able to advocate for ourselves we may go extinct.” ProPublica also contacted The Daily Caller. Widely read in right-wing circles — the site gets nearly 10 million unique visitors per month, according to Quantcast — The Daily Caller was co-founded in 2010 by Tucker Carlson, who served as editor-in-chief until late last year when he took a prime-time job at Fox News. Carlson, who hosts a nightly show in the time slot that once belonged to Bill O'Reilly, remains co-owner of the site. Like Breitbart News, The Daily Caller has found an audience by posting a constant stream of punchy news stories, some of them imbued with racial overtones. Within hours of being contacted by a ProPublica reporter, The Daily Caller appended an editor's note to the article and severed its ties with Kessler. The editor's note states, “The author notified The Daily Caller after publication that he spoke at a luncheon May 14 on behalf of an effort to preserve the monument.”
After Kessler's involvement with the rally was brought to light, Paul Cronner, executive editor for the Daily Caller, told ProPublica the article remained live on the web site because it was factually accurate, but the publication had “suspended” their freelance relationship with him. It is unclear exactly when Kessler's articles on the Daily Caller web site were taken down, but they were removed at some point after June 2017, according to the Internet archiving tool Wayback Machine.
Kessler had at least two other previous stories on the web site — one on 26 April 2017 in which he interviewed Kyle Chapman, a 41 year old man known online as “Based Stickman” and who has become famous among supporters for swinging a stick at opponents during “alt-right” demonstrations. A third story written on 3 April 2017 outlined the gruesome murder of a 17-year-old boy by MS-13 gang members. As of 14 August 2017, the urls for those stories are no longer live.
We left a voice message for Cronner asking why the stories were removed, and have not received a response. We also sent an e-mail to Kessler seeking comment but got no response.
The Anti-Defamation League has named Kessler as a white supremacist who made anti-Semitic remarks and said the United States would have been better off if the Confederacy had won the Civil War. Kessler was chased away while trying to hold a press conference on 13 August 2017 by Charlottesville residents who were angry over the violence and hatred expressed at to Unite the Right event.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A burlesque dancer is embracing a new chapter in her life and still performing her act while being 37 weeks pregnant.
Tuesday Laveau, 37, is expecting her first child with husband Graeme, 36, and carried on entertaining well into her term.
Tuesday did the last show before her due date at the Smoke and Mirrors in Bristol, where she hosts a regular night, Coochie Crunch.
She stripped off to The Ronettes' hit Be My Baby, and revealed a giant painted flower painted on her bump and matching nipple tassels.
Tuesday, who is due on May 11, said: “Pregnancy is a normal part of being a mammal.
“As women we are just told there are things we should do or not to do, and I feel like burlesque is sticking a finger to that.
“I think we are shaking off the shackles of body image.”
She said she could feel the baby kicking after the performance, and added: “I've been very lucky, I found pregnancy very easy breezy. I've been able to keep going.
“I love what I do and it is such a big part of me that it is something I would struggle to give up before I had to.”
Tuesday had to make her own costumes as her baby grew bigger, and says she had never watched a burlesque performance with a pregnant dancer before.
She said: “At the moment I can't really fit into anything.
“I did well for the first five or six months but I had to make some new costumes for the rest of the time. I make the costumes myself, including my own g-strings.
“I usually wear stripper heels as they're a dream to dance in but I've gone down from seven inches to six inches.”
Due to her restricted mobility, Tuesday had to use her imagination to adapt her routine - including cradling her bump as she danced on stage.
Tuesday added: “I had to adapt the show quite a lot. I'd normally do a lot of floor work and wear big shoes and bang around.
“I can get down on the floor but I can't get back up.”
The audience for her final performance was overwhelmingly female, and Tuesday said she had been overwhelmed by the support she had been shown.
“I don't think anyone was surprised that I carried on performing, but I have been touched,” Tuesday said.
“I've had regular audience members telling me how pleased they are for me and my husband. I think he would have been surprised if I had stopped.”
Her next performance will be in September.
Tuesday said: “It has been really fun and it has been a good challenge. I've had an amazing response.
“I've had so many women coming up to me afterwards. I have had so many women come up afterwards, they seem to feel all kinds of things.”
SAN FRANCISCO — A drone light show could be the future Fourth of July entertainment in wildfire-prone northern California — but not this year. Hundreds of drones, set to wow viewers with a patriotic display of flashing lights in the sky, were grounded Wednesday by windy conditions.
Intel's "Shooting Star Drones," which you may have seen at the Winter Olympics, Coachella or Lady Gaga's Super Bowl halftime show in 2017, were set to perform Wednesday at Travis Air Force Base, north of San Francisco, but the show was postponed until July 5th, at 9pm, pending weather conditions.
The Travis Air Force Base show plans to use 500 drones and feature a gigantic red, white and blue image of an American flag and California icons, all synchronized to music that will be broadcast for the viewers.
Intel drones can fly in up to 18 mile per hour winds, but winds are expected to be 30 miles per hour in the area at Wednesday's planned flight time, the company said.
Travis Air Force Base is just an hour south of Yolo and Napa County wildfires that forced evacuations this week.
Drone shows could be a safer alternative to fireworks in the future, and fire officials in California are happy to see the shift toward drones.
From a fire safety perspective, it's "definitely worth it to use a drone over live fireworks,” said Lynne Tolmachoff, chief of public education for the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection, known as CalFire.
Several drought-prone cities in the West turned to drones this Fourth of July when city officials said fireworks wouldn't be allowed due to fire danger.
A couple Fourth of July drone shows at Civana Carefree in Arizona weren't affected by wind and were still a go, said Rianna Riego, the chief brand and wellness officer there. That event will be put on by Firefly Drone Shows, a Detroit-based company.
You can watch those shows via live stream on Civana's Facebook page, Riego said.
More: Drone 'fireworks' offer sparkless 4th of July show
More: Fireworks set neighbor's house on fire in Pennsylvania
More: Live stream: Independence Day fireworks over National Mall
More: Northern California wildfire forces evacuations
Fireworks: America celebrates the Fourth of July Nick Stott and his daughter Makenna, 7, from Yosemite, CA watch the Independence Day fireworks near the Austin Country Club over Lake Austin in Austin, TX. 01 / 15 Nick Stott and his daughter Makenna, 7, from Yosemite, CA watch the Independence Day fireworks near the Austin Country Club over Lake Austin in Austin, TX. 01 / 15
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Eshraq Properties shares were the most active in January with trades equivalent to Dh1.78 billion, representing 25 per cent of total trades, followed by Asmak (Dh1.07 billion or 14.2 per cent); Rak Properties at Dh669 million (9.4 per cent); Manazel at Dh630 million (8.9 per cent); Al-Dar at Dh538 million (7.6 per cent), and around 2.484 million for the rest of stocks (34.9 per cent).
Susan Sarandon's actress daughter Eva Amurri Martino had a heartbreaking end to 2016 after a nurse dropped her son Major on his head and fractured his skull.
The Saved star has detailed the horror following the accident in a post on her HappilyEvaAfter website, revealing it happened at the end of November.
A nurse hired to look after the three-month-old and his two-year-old sister Marlowe Mae overnight fell asleep while holding Major and dropped him on his head.
Amurri Martino and her husband Kyle Martino were awoken by the thud of their son hitting the hardwood floor and his “hysterical piercing screams.”
Happy New Beginnings! ✨❤🙏🏼 A very honest letter I wrote about some personal struggles is on my blog today. https://t.co/zg9JiMNkjA pic.twitter.com/9M9SNS2dRa — Eva Amurri Martino (@TheHappilyEva) January 1, 2017
“He suffered a fractured skull and bleeding on his brain, and was transported by ambulance to Yale Medical Center where I spent two harrowing days with him to receive emergency care and further testing,” the actress reveals. “To say these were the most traumatic and anxious two days of my life is an understatement.”
But little Major survived the scare and has been “healing well” and “hitting milestones.”
His relieved mum reveals he is “cooing, smiling, and generally showing us that he is and will be ok as he grows and develops.”
Amurri Martino admits she waited a month to open up about the scare because she feared people would frown on the idea of her hiring a night nurse to take care of her kids when she was asleep.
“Let me tell you, the guilt I bore in the days and weeks after this accident was more intense and more damaging than anything I would wish upon my worst enemy,” she writes. “I wept in the hospital, telling anyone who would listen that it should have been me. That I was to blame.
“Even though I finally made peace with the fact that this freak accident could not have been avoided by me, it has continued to effect me to my core and in all aspects of my daily life.”
“It's nearly impossible for me to trust anyone but myself to take care of Major now,” she added. “Hearing Major cry hard immediately triggers my memories of the moments after the accident and instigates an immediate panic attack - my heart races and tears spring to my eyes.”
And now Amurri Martino is a mum on the edge during trips to the park with her daughter - something she realized during a recent day out when little Marlowe fell over and started crying.
“Within ten minutes she was totally fine and normal - but I stood there while Kyle held me, sobbing and shaking, while my scared two-year-old watched,” she wrote. “I think I need to take some things off of my plate. It's time to really face this all and find a solution.”
The actress is now seeking help from a therapist to help her combat “some form of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, possibly linked to some form of Postpartum Depression.”
School District Five announces new Chapin Intermediate School principal
Chapin, S.C. (WOLO) – School District Five has announced a new principal of Chapin Intermediate School.
Denise Barth is a veteran educator who has served as principal of Catawba Trail Elementary School since 2011 and was named a 2017 National Distinguished Principal by the National Association of Elementary School Principals.
Barth is replacing Vann Holden, who is leaving to serve as the district's new director of accountability beginning on July 1.
“It is an absolute honor to be named the new principal of Chapin Intermediate,” Barth said. “There is a special energy and joy unique to early adolescence. To have a school centered on this pivotal age is incredibly powerful for our children and families. We all know the great sense of pride and community that exists in District Five and in Chapin, and I look forward to continuing that legacy and celebrating the successes of our students, staff and teachers.”
Barth has been a professional educator for more than 30 years, serving as principal of North Springs Elementary School from 2002 to 2011 and as assistant principal of Blythewood Middle School from 1996 to 2001. She began her career in education as a teacher of gifted and talented students in Richland School District Two.
Barth was named South Carolina Elementary Principal of the Year by the South Carolina Association of School Administrators in 2017 and Richland County Conservation Principal of the Year in 2013 and 2015. She earned her bachelor's degree in elementary education and masters' degree in educational administration from the University of South Carolina.
“We are so proud to welcome Ms. Barth to the School District Five family,” Superintendent-elect Dr. Christina Melton said. “Since Chapin Intermediate opened in 2015, it has earned top honors for its academics and has really built a community-focused culture at the school. We know Ms. Barth will continue that. Her vast experience and accolades speak volumes to her work and commitment as an instructional leader and dedicated educator, and we look forward to all the skills she will bring to our families and leadership team in School District Five.”
Sep 18, 2016; Los Angeles, CA, USA; Julie Bowen arrives on the red carpet during 68th Emmy Awards at the Microsoft Theater. Mandatory Credit: Dan MacMedan-USA TODAY
TMZ reports after 13 years of marriage and 3 children, a 10-year-old and 8-year-old twins, Julie Bowen and her real estate investor husband Scott Phillips are saying, “I don't.”
The couple's relationship has had issues for a while and they are separating.
People reports the last time the couple were photographed together was last February while at a Harlem Globetrotters game in L.A. with their sons. Before that, her husband didn't attend the 2016 Emmys with her.
Hopefully time and constructive talk can help them towards reconciliation.
Severe Weather Awareness Week is the National Weather Service's initiative to review severe thunderstorm hazards and promote safety ideas for the public. Severe weather may not be as common in Minnesota as it is in other parts of the country, but it still happens.
Like in 2007, when flooding devastated southeast Minnesota.
Multiple rounds of thunderstorms brought heavy rain to the area. One family reported more than three feet of water in their house, while another said that the entire town of Rushford was underwater. President George W. Bush eventually declared the flood stricken areas of southeast Minnesota as a federal disaster area.
In 2012, massive hail covered the landscape in Lake City after severe thunderstorms moved through the area.
The golf ball-sized hail piled up and it almost looked like snow on the ground. Locals couldn't believe the size of the hail that fell. One farmer reported that most of the alfalfa that he was growing was probably gone due to the hail.
And earlier this year, when an EF-1 tornado ripped through the town of Clarks Grove.
It was part of a line of storms that produced the earliest tornadoes in recorded history in the land of 10,000 lakes. The tornado took some by surprise, as emergency management and other authorities had not even had their severe weather training yet. A National Weather Service storm survey crew said the tornado touched down to the southwest of Clarks Grove, went through Geneva and then ended up east of Ellendale and west of Blooming Prairie, leaving plenty of damage in its wake. The noise the tornado made was compared to a passing train.
All of these events serve as a reminder, to have your severe weather plan ready now, rather than later.
This Thursday, April 20th, is Tornado Drill Day in Minnesota. The National Weather Service will be using the emergency alert system to simulate a tornado warning at 1:45 and 6:45 p.m.
Shoppers walk past the entrance to the Lemon Grove shopping mall in Sydney, Australia, August 11, 2017, site of a shopfront company at the heart of one of Australia's biggest money laundering scandals.
SYDNEY (Reuters) - In a run-down mall in one of Sydney's biggest Chinese neighborhoods in 2015, 29-year-old Jizhang Lu showed up at the top-floor offices of a meat export company carrying a carrier bag stuffed with hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash.
According to police documents filed in court and reviewed by Reuters, Lu said he made the trip to the shopfront of CC&B International Pty Ltd eight times over three weeks. Each time a CC&B employee would hand him a receipt showing a different company had bought tens of thousands of kilograms of meat.
The cash - as much as A$530,200 ($416,840) at a time - was then deposited at a Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA) (CBA.AX) branch, according to the police statement of facts agreed by Lu.
But the apparent purchases were fake, and last year Lu was jailed for two years after pleading guilty to helping launder A$3.2 million of what police allege were proceeds from an unidentified international drug syndicate.
The court records reviewed by Reuters did not name Lu's lawyer. Lu could not immediately be contacted directly because he was in custody.
The police case against Lu is now one of several being cited by financial intelligence agency AUSTRAC in its statement of claim against CBA, the largest civil court action of its kind in Australian corporate history.
AUSTRAC has accused CBA of "serious and systemic" breaches of money-laundering and counter-terrorism financing rules, alleging the country's second biggest mortgage lender failed to detect suspicious transactions nearly 54,000 times. It faces fines potentially amounting to billions of dollars.
CBA has said it will fight the AUSTRAC lawsuit, saying it would never deliberately undertake action that enables any form of crime. CBA said a coding error with new automated teller machines was behind most of the breaches but that it recognized there were "other serious allegations" in AUSTRAC's claim were unrelated to that software problem. It declined to comment specifically about the police case against Lu.
PROCEEDS OF CRIME
AUSTRAC's lawsuit against CBA asserts that, in total, A$17.7 million was deposited at the bank from February to August 2015 on behalf of a company identified in the earlier criminal case as CC&B.
"These funds were the proceeds of a drug importation syndicate and were proceeds of crime, within the meaning of the Criminal Code Act," AUSTRAC's statement of claim says, referring to CC&B only as Company 1.
Lu was identified in AUSTRAC's statement of claim against CBA, which also specified the time and length of Lu's sentence. A subsequent Reuters search of the criminal case against Lu produced the police "facts sheet" which provided further detail of his operation, including the name of CC&B.
The records of Lu's criminal case, provided to Reuters by a communications officer for the court which convicted Lu, showed that he pleaded guilty.
A call to the phone number listed on CC&B's website went unanswered. A Reuters visit to the address where Lu said he dropped off bags of money, at Lemon Grove shopping center, showed no sign of CC&B - other than a mention in an old store guide for shoppers.
Calls over two days to Lemon Grove also went unanswered.
Australian company filings showed CC&B's corporate address as "Sunnyside Accountants". A woman who answered the phone at that firm said CC&B was a former client but that she could give no further information because the organizations had parted ways. Sunnyside hasn't been named in AUSTRAC's suit.
"CAN YOU HELP?"
Lu, a Chinese national on a business visa, described himself as a "net engineer", according to the police document filed in court. He had no involvement in the meat export industry and earned 60,000 yuan ($9,000) a year in his home country, he told police.
Lu said he met another Chinese man while grocery shopping in the Sydney suburb of Chatswood, where CC&B was based.
"After some chatting, he says, 'can you help me do this please?'," Lu told police, according to the document.
Lu agreed to help "because the man asked him", the police statement said, without elaborating.
He told police he didn't understand the receipts because they were written in English.
Australia's Joint Organised Crime Group charged two CC&B employees with dealing in criminal proceeds about the same time as Lu, in August 2015.
The Australian Federal Police could not immediately provide an update on the two CC&B employees identified as being charged.
The police statement said a third CC&B person, company director Ka Chun Leung, was a "potential co-accused" but has left the country. Efforts by Reuters to contact Ka were unsuccessful.
For a graphic on accusations against CBA, tmsnrt.rs/2w03qvi
Premier Doug Ford has quietly fired Ontario's chief investment officer, chief scientist, and removed Ed Clark as the premier's business advisor in a post-election purge. Sources told the Star that Ford's newly elected Progressive Conservative government ended Allan O'Dette's brief tenure as the province's first chief investment officer at cabinet on Friday.
Remember them? Ed Clark, a former banker, worked for Liberal Premier Kathleen Wynne as a business advisor. He was a key proponent of the sale of the province's majority stake in Hydro One. ( Jeanylyn Lopez / THE CANADIAN PRESS file photo )
O'Dette, former president and CEO of the Ontario Chamber of Commerce, had been appointed by former Liberal premier Kathleen Wynne in March 2017 to lead the Ontario Investment Office. Also gone is chief scientist Molly Shoichet, a prominent University of Toronto professor named to her post last November by Wynne. But the most prominent departure approved by cabinet was Clark, who had been Wynne's business advisor and privatization czar since June 2015.
Article Continued Below
The former president and CEO of TD Bank, who was appointed chair of the Liquor Control Board of Ontario in January, was an instrumental player in the Liberal government. Clark was a key proponent of the sale of the province's majority stake in its Hydro One transmission utility as well as the architect of Ontario's historic expansion of beer and wine sales into 450 supermarkets. He also was a top booster of bringing Amazon's HQ2 bid to the province and served as Wynne's advisor on preserving jobs in the Ontario steel industry. While Ford had promised during the June 7 election campaign that “not one” public-sector job would be cut if he took office, such changes are routine when a new government takes office. It is not clear who, if anyone, will be selected to replace the three Liberal appointees.
Read more about:
PanARMENIAN.Net - Armenian and Azerbaijani foreign ministers Edward Nalbandian and Elmar Mammadyarov may meet in January 2018, Russia's Permanent Representative to the OSCE Alexander Lukashevich told the Moscow-Vienna teleconference at Russia Today on Monday, December 11.
"There is hope that the foreign ministers will meet in the near future, possibly in January, with the support of the OSCE Minsk Group co-chairs," Lukashevich said.
On the sidelines of the OSCE Ministerial Council Meeting in Vienna, the heads of delegation of the OSCE Minsk Group co-chairing countries -- Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, and French Permanent Representative Véronique Roger-Lacan -- reaffirmed their joint commitment to mediating a peaceful settlement of the Nagorno Karabakh conflict.
In a statement released on Thursday, December 7, the heads of delegation said the resolution of the issue will be reached on the basis of the core principles of the Helsinki Final Act, including the non-use of force or threat of force, territorial integrity, and the equal rights and self-determination of peoples.
Walt Disney Studios dominated the DVD and Blu-ray Disc sales business the week that ended June 11, with the live-action “Beauty and the Beast” – hailed by critics and a huge success at the box office – debuting at No. 1 on both national sales charts.
The film sold so well on disc that all other titles in the top 20, collectively, sold only 40% as many units as “Beauty,” which came to disc after earning more than $500 million in U.S. theaters.
Disney also scored big with its new Signature Edition Blu-ray Disc release of “Bambi,” one of the studio's most beloved, and iconic, animated classics. “Bambi” debuted at No. 3 on both the NPD VideoScan overall disc sales chart, which tracks combined DVD and Blu-ray Disc sales, and the dedicated Blu-ray Disc sales chart.
Twentieth Century Fox's “Logan,” the latest in the “X-Men” franchise, slipped to No. 2, also on both charts, after two weeks at No. 1.
“The Shack,” a psychological drama from Lionsgate, slid to No. 4 its second week in stores, after bowing at No. 2.
Rounding out the top five on both charts was Warner's “Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them,” which re-entered the top 5 three months after its release.
“Beauty and the Beast” generated 72% of its first-week sales from Blu-ray Disc, while for “Bambi” the Blu-ray Disc share was 77%.
On Home Media Magazine's rental chart for the week, Warner's “Fist Fight” soared to No. 1 now that its shorter holdback from Redbox is over.
“Beauty and the Beast” debuted at No. 2, while Universal Pictures' “Fifty Shades Darker” rose to No. 3 now that its 28-day holdback from Redbox is over.
The previous week's top rental, “The Shack,” slid to No. 5 its second week in stores, one notch behind Universal Pictures' “A Dog's Purpose,” which finished the week at No. 4, down from No. 2 the previous week.
Thomas K. Arnold is a Editorial Director of Home Media Magazine.
Top 20 NPD VideoScan First Alert, powered by Nielsen, chart for the week ended 6/11/17:
1. Beauty and the Beast (new)
2. Logan
3. Bambi (new)
4. The Shack
5. Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them
6. Moana
7. The Great Wall
8. Fifty Shades Darker
9. Get Out
10. Fist Fight
11. Aftermath (new)
12. Rogue One: A Star Wars Story
13. The Assignment (new)
14. A Cure for Wellness (new)
15. Resident Evil: The Final Chapter
16. Sing
17. A Dog's Purpose
18. I Am Dragon (new)
19. xXx: Return of Xander Cage
20. Hacksaw Ridge
Top 10 Home Media Magazine rental chart for the week ended 6/11/17:
1. Fist Fight
2. Beauty and the Beast (new)
3. Fifty Shades Darker
4. A Dog's Purpose
5. The Shack
6. The Great Wall
7. Split
8. Aftermath (new)
9. xXx: Return of Xander Cage
10. Sleepless
For complete sales and rental charts, visit HomeMediaMagazine.com.
Nigeria and France on Tuesday in Abuja signed three agreements worth 475 million dollars on social amenities and reforestation.
The agreements cover Urban Mobility Improvement Programme of Lagos State, sustainable water supply in Kano city and reforestation in Ogun.
President Muhammadu Buhari and the visiting French President Emmanuel Macron witnessed the signing of the agreements during their bilateral talks held at the Presidential Villa, Abuja.
The Lagos agreement involved a letter of intent for the financing of urban mobility improvement project through a loan of 200 million dollars.
The urban mobility project will involve development of eight priority bus corridors connected to the Lagos mass transit network.
In Ogun, a French firm in conjunction with the Nigeria Sovereign Investment Authority is to mobilise from investors about 200 million dollars for land reclamation to correct the massive degradation of arable land being witnessed in the state.
Gov. Ibikunle Amosun, who spoke to State House correspondents on the signed agreement, said the project aimed to reforest 108,000 hectares of depleting forest in Ogun.
Amosun, therefore, hailed the signing of the agreement, describing it as very vital to not only addressing climate change challenges and recreating the forest, but also providing employment to the people of the state, among other benefits.
France, through its foreign development agency, Whence Francaise de Development (AFD), will also extend a credit facility of 75 million dollars towards improving water supply in Kano city.
The concessional loan is expected to help Kano State Government ensure more residents of the city have access to drinking water while improving the financial viability of the state water board to increase its revenues.
Addressing newsmen after the signing of the agreements, Buhari and Macron, who addressed a joint press conference at the forecourt of the presidential villa, expressed the readiness of their countries to continue to promote socio-economic interests for the general good of both countries.
The two presidents pledged to increase the cooperation between Nigeria and France in tackling security challenges occasioned by Boko Haram and ISIS jihadists in Nigeria and the Sahel region of Africa.
Macron said he was more concerned about how African governments organised themselves to effectively tackle the challenges posed by terrorists on the continent.
He said: “The main plan is an African plan and France is not the one to solve or fix African situations.
“So what we want to do is that we will intervene and maintain our presence in Africa and Sahel to fight against terrorism, especially in Mali and in the region.
“What is important to me is how the different African governments organise themselves to fight against terrorism and get rid of these people and especially, jihadism. That is why I do promote the G5/Sahel Initiatives.
“As far as we are organised, Nigeria, Niger, Chad and Cameroon is also very important, it is Boko Haram. I think first we have to increase the operations and the pressure against these jihadists.
“We can fix the situation in the coming months and obviously France will remain present in Africa for as long as they want it.''
On his part, Buhari thanked French government for its support and assistance to Nigeria's efforts in combating insurgency and violent extremism in the country and the Sahel region.
He said already Nigeria had cultivated the culture of friendship with all its neighbours with a view to ensuring security and political stability in the region.
ERIN, Wis. -- Dustin Johnson has already missed one major championship this year. Thanks to the birth of his second child on Monday, he won't miss another this week.
Johnson's fiancée, Paulina Gretzky, gave birth to the couple's second son, a boy named River Jones Johnson -- and the timing worked perfectly for his playing schedule.
"It depended on when she had the baby," the defending champion said Wednesday about the initial possibility of missing this week's U.S. Open. "Yeah, it was definitely a thought, but everything worked out and I'm here playing."
Editor's Picks Dustin Johnson makes trip after son's birth Dustin Johnson was a bit late to this week's U.S. Open with fiancee Paulina Gretzky giving birth Monday to their second son before Johnson travels to Erin Hills.
Johnson avoided a potential scenario in which he could have teed off in the U.S. Open, but was prepared to leave if the baby arrived, much like Phil Mickelson at the 1999 edition of this event. Ironically, Mickelson, whose first child, Amanda, was born the day after that final round, will likely miss this week's tournament to attend her high school graduation.
Following a missed cut at the Memorial Tournament two weeks ago, Johnson played a few practice rounds at Erin Hills, this week's host course. He spent much of last week playing and practicing in Los Angeles, then arrived on site Tuesday afternoon.
On Wednesday, he was asked how fatherhood has affected his performance.
"It just gives you a whole new perspective on things," explained Johnson, who also has a 2½-year-old son named Tatum. "Before golf was the most important and now my family is the most important. At the end of the day, whether I'm having a good day or bad day, when I either see my family or talk to them, if I was upset or even if I was happy with the way I played, none of that matters. Just I'm always happy and excited to be with them."
Johnson, who won last year's U.S. Open after a controversial final round, hasn't competed in a major since last year's PGA Championship. One day before the opening round of this year's Masters, he slipped while walking down a staircase in his rental house, injuring his back and later withdrawing from the tournament.
He revealed Wednesday that he spent the week watching the Masters on TV instead.
"There wasn't a lot on TV other than the Masters," he said. "So, yes, I watched a lot of it, unfortunately, from the couch. I just wish that I would have been playing, especially [because] leading into the Masters I was playing the best golf that I've ever played. So it was definitely disappointing not to be able to play. And it's taken me awhile to get back to where I was then. I've still got some work to do to get back to when I was playing that good."
Johnson is scheduled to begin his title defense at 9:35 a.m. ET on the 10th tee, alongside Jordan Spieth and Martin Kaymer.
The ninth hole at Erin Hills golf course is only 135 yards long, but is famously difficult. ( Rick Wood / The Associated Press )
ERIN, WIS.—One of the many quirks at Erin Hills is what was originally called the Bye Hole — a devilish, downhill par-3 positioned between the old ninth and No. 10. It was initially built to be just for fun and wasn't supposed to count on the official scorecard. By the end of the U.S. Open, a lot of these players might wish the course architects had kept it that way. The old ninth hole is now No. 8, and the Bye Hole is now No. 9. The 135-yard par-3 is what the makers of Erin Hills consider their answer to one of the world's most picturesque golf holes — the short, downhill seventh at Pebble Beach. “We didn't have the ocean, so we put in erosion bunkers,” said writer/architect Ron Whitten, who helped design Erin Hills. They also designed a rolling, multi-sectioned green that, in places, is near-impossible to hold, along with a tee box on an exposed, wind-swept hill.
Article Continued Below
As is the case at Pebble Beach, where the seventh measures 109 yards, on most days the shot requires nothing more than a pitching wedge. But where No. 7 at Pebble Beach ranked as the third-easiest hole at the 2010 U.S. Open, No. 9 at Erin Hills is designed to cause more trouble than that. “Honestly, there are a couple spots where you just do not want to be,” said Garrett Osborn, a one-time regular on the Web.com Tour who qualified for his first U.S. Open this year. No. 9 has been described — and we'll keep it just to the printable things — as the shortest par-5 in golf, the hole with the scariest second shot at Erin Hills (if you miss the green on the first) and, as Alex Noren of Sweden said, “a hole where there's no way you can just hit a decent shot to get on there, you have to hit a super-good shot to have a chance.”
During his practice round Wednesday, Noren tried to simulate what happens if the shot is not “super good.” He randomly dropped a ball in one of the seven bunkers that surround the severely pitched green. He stepped in, leaned down and took a mighty hack. The ball stayed in. He leaned down again and got it out on the second try, then walked to the ball, picked it up, looked at it and threw it toward the stands. The ball had an inch-long gash just above the Callaway logo from his first failed attempt. Not that avoiding the bunkers guarantees success. The middle of the putting surface pitches severely right and funnels downhill into a tightly mowed collection area that can leave a tricky flop shot for a second. “Guys are going to get a little upset with that if the ball hits the middle of the green and it rolls all the way off the green and maybe 10 yards down into a chipping area,” Steve Stricker said. “I think at some point that may need to get a little softened.” Rain might do that, but during summer in Wisconsin, rain almost always means wind, too, and picking a club while playing downhill with a helping or crossing wind will be hard. Osborn said he expects more players than not to end up short of the green, in part because the bunkers that guard the back are tougher — filled with uneven lies, uneven distribution of sand and little dimples of scrub and turf that protrude into the traps themselves. All part of the plan. “You could have a side-hill lie, a lie that might be in one of those little fingers where you can't even get the club on the ball,” Whitten said. “You might have a lie where you can't take the club back. You might have to turn sideways or turn backward. “But if you were in the water, it'd be even worse.” No. 9 offers the most extreme example of the architects' philosophy across the course: Use the natural form of the land to turn bunkers back into hazards. “They shouldn't be so cushy and consistent and uniform from hole to hole,” Whitten said. The bunkering will increase the degree of difficulty on what is already the longest layout in U.S. Open history, at 7,741 yards. And yet, it's the shortest hole that could give these players the biggest fits. “Not super long,” Noren said, “but it's probably one of the hardest greens I've ever seen.”
Read more about:
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): Chairman Senate Raza Rabbani and
Speaker National Assembly Sardar Ayaz Sadiq on Monday visited
the Monument of the ‘Martyrs of Democracy' at Parliament House
and placed a floral wreath.
The event arranged to observe 70th Independence Day,
was attended by parliamentarians and senior officials in a large
number.
During their visit to the monument, the Chairman Senate and
Speaker National Assembly observed a one-minute silence to pay
homage to the martyrs of the democracy.
They paid rich tributes to the unsung heros, who had rendered
matchless sacrifices for restoration of democracy, revival of basic
fundamental human rights of general public and for the rule of law
and constitutions in the country.
The monument was constructed in front of Parliament House in
memory of those who had sacrificed their lives for the restoration
of democracy in the country.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 36 Large great white shark spotted off Florida coast Pause 15 Video shows horse become panicked during show in Miami nightclub 123 NASA launches storm-tracking weather satellite from Cape Canaveral 141 Douglas students return to school two weeks after shooting 58 Parkland students make emotional return to school campus 90 At Parkland's final funeral, Martin Duque remembered for helping others 143 Emotional pleas to senators, 'look me in the eye.' 78 Congressman Deutch calls Douglas High students on bus to Tallahassee 46 Douglas High students arrive in Tallahassee to huge show of support 41 Stoneman Douglas student greets West Boca students after March Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
The Fort Lauderdale Fire Department responded to a call of a manatee in distress on Jan. 24, 2018. @FtLaudFire via Twitter
The Fort Lauderdale Fire Department responded to a call of a manatee in distress on Jan. 24, 2018. @FtLaudFire via Twitter
WASHINGTON, Feb 1 (Reuters) - The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission said it issued an order on Thursday filing and settling charges against Deutsche Bank Securities Inc, a unit of Deutsche Bank AG, for attempted manipulation of the ISDAFIX benchmark and requiring the firm to pay a $70 million civil penalty.
The CFTC said that from at least January 2007 to until May 2012, Deutsche Bank Securities made false reports and attempted to manipulate the U.S. Dollar International Swaps and Derivatives Association Fix (USD ISDAFIX), a leading global benchmark referenced in a range of interest rate products.
It said Deutsche Bank Securities did so to benefit its derivatives positions, including positions involving cash-settled options on interest rate swaps.
LONDON, ONT. - I'm having lunch at the hip Root Cellar in the trendy Old East Village Area of London. I'm munching on a tasty water buffalo burger provided by Amish farmers in southwest Ontario.
Across the street is a shop selling tea and Japanese crepes. Next to that is the Mystic Bookshop, and two doors down from there is the London Skateboard Co-operative.
This isn't the staid, southern Ontario city you might think you know. Instead, you'll find a growing number of independent, fresh-thinking entrepreneurs who are giving a wide strip of town the sort of gussied-up treatment visitors have seen in areas like Leslieville in Toronto or Commercial Drive in Vancouver.
One of the best places to see the changes first-hand is The London Food Incubator on Dundas Street; a former industrial/commercial building (they used to make O-Pee-Chee hockey cards here) fashioned of creamy yellow brick. There's a local Fire Roasted Coffee shop and a grocery store in front and space in back that small businesses rent out at low prices to keep help keep costs down in a neighbourhood that has a fair share of low-income earners.
Among those working at the incubator on the morning I visit is David Glen, owner of Glen Farms. He makes old-style marmalades as well as jams, jellies, maple barbecue sauce and other treats.
“The incubator's a wonderful place,“ he tells me as he stirs a pot of vegetable antipasto. “This place gives us the space and the traffic we need. And this whole strip on Dundas is really turning into something special.”
Across the aisle is Urban Oven, where Kim Banman sells gluten-free dough that folks take home and bake themselves. It's a business she began after finding out both her son and husband were gluten intolerant.
“A lot of what I made at first were basically bricks,” she said with a laugh. Ultimately she mixed and matched various types of flour and came up with a winning formula.
“London folks can be a conservative bunch but I think we're seeing a strong movement and a real awareness about using local, organic products.”
That's definitely the case at The Root Cellar, an organic restaurant across the street that features a map showing diners where the food comes from.
One of the wait staff, Mariam Waliji, says customers with a little extra cash in their jeans are encouraged to put money in a community jar.
“If someone comes in and they want a coffee or a salad or something we can get the money from the jar and pay for it that way,” she explains.
The restaurant features everything from the aforementioned water buffalo burger to organic salads and poutine. They also have an event space upstairs that's used for special dinners where local farmers are invited to talk about their food, as well as for flower-arranging workshops or other events.
“Part of our mandate is sustainability and buying local,” says Root Cellar co-owner Ellie Cook. “In season, 80% of our food comes from within a 45-minute radius of the restaurant.”
The same “buy local” treatment goes for London Brewing Co., which used to operate in the back of The Root Cellar but recently opened a new facility in an industrial area a little east of the restaurant. They make a variety of malt-forward, organic beers, including one called Local 117; so named because all the ingredients come from within 117 km. They use local hops, as well as barley that comes from an organic farm in New Hamburg, just west of Kitchener. http://londonbrewing.ca/
“We get a real mix,” says Jeff Pastorius of London Brewing. “People come in in a Mercedes or riding their bikes. It's a real mix of folks you don't often see together in this city.”
Part of the brewery building is given over to On The Move Organics, which delivers local, organic food in the area. They even built a giant bike out of old pieces of metal and use it for an eco-friendly delivery vehicle that holds more than a dozen baskets of food.
A few blocks away is Illbury + Goose, a super-cool spot that feels like a miniature Hudson's Bay shop curated by a millennial who's perfected the pour-over coffee. You'll find sleek cotton t-shirts, handmade bracelets, lumberjack shirts, toques carrying the name of London neighbourhoods and other fun merchandise.
“I grew up near here and it was kind of the wrong side of the tracks,” said Illbury + Goose co-owner Dan Phillips. “But now I walk to work every day. People have a real sense of pride around here.”
It's also a growing area, with new condos sprouting up and lots of new businesses up and down Dundas, including a new distillery that's on the way.
Ben Hoover just recently moved into London from nearby Lucan, Ontario and opened Room Service Vintage across the street from The Root Cellar, with everything from a massive sign from a former motel on the New Jersey shore to stunning metallic bowls from Australia. He lives in an apartment above the store, marking the first time he's lived in the city since 1985.
“I love it here. It's eclectic and it's lots of fun.”
JUST THE FACTS
SLEEPING The Idlewyld Inn and Spa is a lovingly restored 1878 building with 21 suites, an on-site spa and a fine dining restaurant.
EATING The Hungary Butcher on Dundas St. makes dozens of varieties of sausages. They also sell organic eggs and smoked bacon. Next door is All ‘Bout Cheese, where you can everything from mango and ginger stilton to locally produced Gunn's Hill cheese. Dundas St. has a huge variety of restaurants, everything from Ethiopian to Thai. True Taco serves up a great mix of Mexican and Salvadorean food at very reasonable prices.
DOING Aeolian Hall has some of the best acoustics in Canada. When I was there I saw a great show from a duo called the Mayhemingways, along with Joel Plaskett and his father Bill.
DEAL OF THE WEEK Travelzoo is offering a six-night trip to Athens and Santorini for $1,610, including a half-day tour of Athens and daily breakfast.
Jim Byers is a freelance writer based in Toronto: jim@jimbyerstravel.com
(Corrects to read 241 million crowns, paragraph 15)
By Teis Jensen
COPENHAGEN, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Danske Bank on Friday beat fourth-quarter pretax profit expectations, warned of a lower net result in 2018 but said it planned to increase its dividend payouts.
Its pretax profit of 6.73 billion crowns topped the 6.45 billion expected by analysts in a Reuters poll.
This year, Denmark's largest bank said it expected a net profit of 18 to 20 billion Danish crowns ($3.0-3.4 billion), down from a record-high 20.9 billion 2017 net result. Analysts have forecast a 2018 result of 19.9 billion.
“We experienced a positive development across our business units, which in many areas led to good increases in the number of customers and lending,” Chief Executive Thomas Borgen said in a statement regarding the final quarter of 2017.
Danske's board proposed a dividend of 10 crowns per share, roughly in line with the 10.1 crowns expected by analysts.
The bank said that in future it would raise its dividend payout ratio to 40-60 percent of net profit from 40-50 percent.
The bank also announced a share buyback programme of 10 billion crowns this year, roughly in line with the 9.84 billion expected by analysts.
It said it aims “to rank in the top three among major Nordic peers in terms of return on shareholders' equity”.
Formerly it had said it would aim for a return on shareholders' equity of 12.5 percent.
The bank has had a run of strong quarters, helped by Denmark's low interest rates, rising house prices and improved profitability in the farming sector.
In November, Danske raised its 2017 net result guidance for the second time to the 19-21 billion crowns range.
The bank increased lending in Sweden and Norway in 2017, aided partly by an agreement with Sweden's TCO trade union.
But Denmark's central bank has warned of risks facing the country's banks from low interest rates, rising property prices and easy credit terms for corporate borrowers.
The central bank said in November that several indicators suggested risks were building up in the financial system, and that some of the largest banks did not have sufficient capital to meet buffer requirements.
Danske Bank's loan impairment charges showed a net reversal of 241 million crowns in the fourth quarter, marking a fifth consecutive quarter with net reversals.
Analysts have warned that a drop in pork prices might begin to squeeze some Danish farmers' profits and increase Danske Bank's writedowns slightly from their current very low levels.
Danske Bank's exposure to the farming sector represented 2.4 of its total group exposure according to its third-quarter report, but more than 16 percent of its total impairment charges.
Rival Ringkjoebing Landbobank said this week there were “darker clouds” over the farming sector.
($1 = 5.9593 Danish crowns)
Bars will be urged to ditch plastic straws as campaigners launch the next stage of the drive to tackle pollution on the coast.
It follows the success of Tynemouth in becoming the first place in the region to be awarded Plastic Free Coastline status.
Around a dozen local traders have signed up to the national campaign run by Surfers Against Sewage (SAS) by ditching throwaway, single use plastics such as cups, cutlery, containers, bottles, straws, stirrers and packaging in favour of biodegradable alternatives.
The town can now display the campaign logo and volunteers plan to extend the drive to include different groups in the months ahead.
The first target will be to persuade bars in Tynemouth to replace plastic drinking straws with green alternatives or remove them completely.
Sally McGee, who is co-ordinating the local campaign, said: “Single use plastic straws are one of the simplest items to replace or remove and it would make a big difference if all bars and cafes were to take action. It's something that many customers want to see happen.”
Tynemouth MP Alan Campbell, who met campaign leaders and business owners at Longsands Beach, Tynemouth, said: “To be awarded Plastic Free Coastline status is a remarkable achievement but we can't rest there.
“I would like to see the whole community get fully behind this campaign. I hope some of our other coastal communities like Cullercoats and Whitley Bay will follow Tynemouth's lead.”
SAS says businesses backing the campaign now include Crusoe's, The View, Riley's Fish Shack, Longsands Fish Kitchen, Mister Woods coffee, Cullercoats Bike and Kayak, Seabanks ice cream, Blue Reef Aquarium, Barça Art Bar, Tynemouth Surf Co, Tynemouth Coffee Co, and Longsands Clothing Co.
Businesses pledge to ditch a range of single use plastics which can harm marine life including seals, fish, birds and plants and eventually enter the food chain.
Sally said they hope North Tyneside Council will pass a motion backing the campaign in the council chamber.
She added: “We are thrilled that Tynemouth has been awarded this fantastic accolade. It is, however, only the beginning. Local businesses have so far been amazing, getting on board with the campaign with such speed and enthusiasm.
“However, there is still much more to be done. Over the next few years it is going to be essential that more plastic free alternatives are developed and made readily available, The demand is clearly there for it and we look forward to the change.”
Longsands Fish Kitchen in Front Street has already replaced plastic straws with paper ones and these are only handed out if customers ask.
Owner Simon Walsh says they have launched a ‘Stop Sucking' campaign, complete with poster, which is proving successful.
“Customers love the idea and are embracing it,” he said. “In light of the alarming amount of plastic found along our coastline and in our seas, especially the giant plastic island found in the Pacific, I believe we all need to be involved in making change.
“We are fully behind the Plastic Free Coastline campaign and we urge all businesses to do the same.”
Successful businesses get stickers and certificates to display at their premises and those wishing to participate can contact Surfers Against Sewage at tynemouthsasplasticfree@gmail.com
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 5:00 am |
President Donald Trump (L) and Chinese President Xi Jinping meeting at Trump's Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla. in April. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon, File)
BEDMINSTER, N.J. (AP) - Even as he seeks Beijing's help on North Korea, President Donald Trump is poised to seek a trade investigation of China for the alleged theft of American technology and intellectual property.
President Trump is expected to sign an executive order Monday asking his trade office to consider the probe. In the midst of a 17-day vacation, President Trump plans to leave his New Jersey golf club and return to Washington to sign the order.
There is no deadline for deciding if any investigation is necessary. Such an investigation easily could last a year.
In a phone call Friday, President Trump praised Chinese President Xi Jinping for backing the recent U.N. vote to impose tougher sanctions on North Korea, and the leaders reaffirmed their commitment to a nuclear-free Korean Peninsula. But President Trump also told President Xi about the move toward a possible inquiry into China's trade practices, according to two U.S. officials familiar with that conversation. They were not authorized to publicly discuss the private call and spoke on condition of anonymity.
President Trump wants government officials to look at Chinese practices that force American companies to share their intellectual property in order to gain access to the world's second-largest economy. Many U.S. businesses must create joint ventures with Chinese companies and turn over valuable technology assets, a practice that Washington says stifles U.S. economic growth.
President Trump's action amounts to a request that his trade representative determine whether an investigation is needed under the Trade Act of 1974. If an investigation begins, the U.S. government could seek remedies either through or outside of the World Trade Organization.
While Beijing has promised to open more industries to foreign companies, it also has issued new rules on electric car manufacturing, data security, internet censorship and other fields.
An administration official who confirmed that President Trump would sign the order contended it was unrelated to the showdown with North Korea. The official spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss the order before President Trump's formal announcement.
As the crisis involving North Korea has unfolded, President Trump has alternated praising China for its help and chiding it for not ratcheting up pressure on its Asian neighbor.
“I think China can do a lot more,” President Trump told reporters Thursday. “And I think China will do a lot more.”
The president has escalated his harsh criticism of North Korea for days, tweeting Friday that the U.S. had military options “locked and loaded.” Xi, in his phone conversation with Trump, urged calm, the officials said.
President Trump, in the past, has tied trade policy to national security, leading to speculation that raising the possibility of a probe — without committing to one — could be a negotiating tactic to get China to step up its assistance with North Korea.
The forced sharing of intellectual property with Chinese firms has been a long-standing concern of the U.S. business community, with reports suggesting that losses stemming from it could total hundreds of billions of dollars annually that cost the U.S. economy millions of jobs.
President Trump has requested similar inquiries on trade, but the reports haven't been delivered on deadline. Trump made addressing the U.S. trade deficit with China a centerpiece of his campaign last year and has suggested raising tariffs on goods from China.
Stan Lee, the former head of Marvel Comics and creator of numerous comic book heroes, was briefly hospitalised, but is back home and "feeling great".
Lee, 95, spoke about his health in an interview with channel KABC, reports variety.com.
"I'm glad I spent that evening in the hospital. It did me a lot of good. It probably did my fans a lot of good. It kept me off their backs for the evening. But I'm feeling good now and I can't wait to get in there and tangle with all the competition," he said.
Lee had been admitted to a hospital in Los Angeles with an irregular heartbeat and shortness of breath, tmz.com had first reported.
Lee is well-known not only for his prominent role in the creation of the Marvel Universe, but also for his cameos in each Marvel movie, beginning with his portrayal of a hot dog vendor in the 2000's "X-Men".
One of his best-loved cameos was his portrayal of himself, mistaken as Hugh Hefner, in 2008's "Iron Man", which Lee has cited as his favourite appearance to date.
"The only things that interest me in the US are Tupac Shakur, Allen Ginsberg, and Jackson Pollock. I don't need a visa to access their work."
~ Putin advisor after he was placed on US sanctions list.
Yesterday, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau issued yet another rule that will harm consumers. A new rule on small dollar loans will kill off about 75 percent of the existing small dollar loan industry, according to the Bureau's own figures. Yet the Bureau and its boosters like to talk about how much it is helping consumers, cracking down on wrong-doers and returning money to consumers. What they don't admit is that regulators are making life difficult for many consumers – especially those on the margins of the banking system. Or that regulators missed the biggest frauds and missteps, like the Equifax security breach, until many consumers were harmed. Taken together, these problems mean that the CFPB may be doing as much harm as good.
For many people, the biggest consumer financial decision they will make is buying a house. Yet in these days of stagnating wages, high student loan debt, and house prices as expensive as before the financial crisis, it is harder and harder to own a home. Interference by the Bureau has not helped. Its “Qualified Mortgage” requirements result in fewer people able to get loans. According to a 2013 study by the Federal Reserve, 22 percent of people who got home loans in 2010 – after the financial crisis made banks much more wary of lending – would not qualify for a home loan under the CFPB rules.
The situation is even worse for the “underbanked” – people at the margins of the banking system. Many of them prefer to get their earnings on a prepaid debit card, which acts like a portable bank account. CFPB rules aim to make such cards much more difficult to use. Piling on, the new small dollar rule will likely kill off financial service centers that provide services to people who, surveys find, feel already frozen out of the banking industry. With banks too expensive for them and the alternative access to debit cards and loans regulated out of existence, they may have nowhere to turn to except illegal loan sources when they need hard cash and quickly (something the Bureau simply asserts will not happen). In other words, the CFPB's regulatory powers are a double-edged sword.
To be sure, there are indeed bad actors in the consumer finance industry, just as in any other. Yet often the worst problems come not from malice by the companies themselves but from perverse incentives within a company, as was the case with the recent Wells Fargo upselling scandal, or from lax security, as appears to have been the case with the more recent Equifax data breach. Where was the CFPB? It was supposedly to prevent fraud, abuse, and negligence that the CFPB was handed supervisory powers over financial institutions.
When CFPB powers were extended over credit reporting bureaus in 2012, the CFPB announced the “companies will be subject to review of compliance systems and procedures, on-site examinations, discussions with relevant personnel, and they will be required to produce relevant reports.” None of this seems to have helped the Bureau stop the Equifax security breach. The Bureau was also supervising Wells Fargo during its upselling excesses, yet it was the Los Angeles Times and California regulators who actually noticed what was going on. The House Financial Services Committee has recently discovered the CFPB rushed to settle with the bank once it realized it needed to take action.
If the Bureau can't claim credit for stopping genuine scandals, what good are the massive fines it levies on finance companies? Pending litigation may shed some light on the Bureau's practices there. In the CFPB's 2014 action against mortgage company PHH Corporation, the initial court ruling found that the bureau had retrospectively redefined a long-standing interpretation of a law, unfairly finding PHH in breach of its reinterpretation and depriving the company of its due process rights. Adding insult to injury, the CFPB also appealed its own administrative law judge's findings to the CFPB director himself, who took it upon himself to singlehandedly multiply the damages charged to PHH from $6 million to $109 million. A grossly unfair way to proceed, to say the least.
Americans want financial services regulated but they don't believe more rules are the answer – they want existing laws enforced properly, according to a new survey by the Cato Institute. The CFPB appears to suffer from the hubris of its massive powers over the consumer finance industry, to the great detriment of American consumers. Congress must step in to fix this problem. It can do that through the reconciliation process, so the onus is now on the Senate to act to make sure regulators do more good than harm.
Known as the version 54, the new edition of Firefox is faster and better at handling multi-tasking than the earlier versions.
In a fresh bid to take on rivals, Mozilla has released a new version of Firefox browser for Windows, macOS and the Android platforms. Also known as the version 54, the new edition of Firefox is faster and better at handling multi-tasking than the earlier versions. For this, Mozilla has moved from a single process model to a multiple processes architecture, where each process is treated as a separate task asking for separate resources from the PC or smartphone it is running on.
So if you open more than one tab in a browser, multiple processes architecture will treat them as two separate processes. This will use up the available resources better and the browser will run smoother.
The old vs the new model
In the earlier model, Firefox used a single process architecture to run multiple tabs. It was designed at a time when webpages used to be a lot lighter and accommodating multiple tabs in one process was easy. Modern day web pages are a lot more complex and involve more animation and visual content.
Running them simultaneously as a single process was too much for Firefox and was one of the reasons for its sluggish performance in recent versions of the browser.
In the multiple processes model, Firefox will be using four different processes to handle four tabs and any additional tabs will be allocated to threads within those processes.
How it compares with Chrome
Google's Chrome browser is one of the few browsers designed to run multiple processes from day one. However, Chrome creates a separate process for every tab automatically. So the more tabs you open the more processes will be created. Its only limitation is that it shoots up memory (RAM) consumption and makes Chrome one of the most resource-intensive browsers.
Mozilla has tried to address this issue by shifting the load of more than four tabs on to threads built within the processes. So the browser will continue to run only four processes, yet mange to run multiple tabs simultaneously.
What it means for user
Mozilla claims the new browser not only crashes less but also works a lot smoother. The fact that it uses less memory with multi-threading means the new browser is likely to run better than Chrome on low-configuration devices. The other advantage of the new browser is that it will run web extensions. These are more stable and secure than ad-ons as their API requires developers to declare which permissions their code will require to operate. Also, web extensions work on all browsers, which means developing an extension for Firefox will be a lot easier. For an end user, this means access to more extensions within the browser.
By BRIAN JENNINGS
STAFF WRITER
The Blue Knight wrestling team won their second dual meet of the season with a lopsided home victory over Simsbury, 58-24, on Tuesday, Dec. 20.
“We worked a little bit more technique tonight instead of just overpowering our younger kids, which was better,” said Southington coach Derek Dion. “We still have a lot of work to do, but we saw some positive signs of the technique we were working on in the room. The guys were doing it on the mat, and I like to see that.”
Jacob Cardozo (113), Devin Lord (120), Kyle Solomon (126), Shaun Wagner (132), Tagan Welch (138), Paul Calo (160), Richie Zayas (220), and Caleb Brick (106) all landed pins in the match. Calo clinched the win for Southington with a pin at 1:17 into the bout. Welch scored the fastest pin at 45 seconds into the bout. The Trojans forfeited the 285-weight class.
“They were strong up top, but we were a little stronger down low,” the coach said. “But we still have some kids to get back in the lineup. At this time of the year, it's about just trying to get better every week.”
The Knights will compete in their first invitational of the season when they travel to Massachusetts to wrestle some of the top teams in the northeast at the George Bossi Lowell Holiday Tournament from Wednesday, Dec. 28 to Thursday, Dec. 29.
“That's a real meat grinder,” said Dion. “That tournament is probably the best in New England in the middle of the season. It's just about trying to get guys through to the medal rounds and wrestle back a little bit with the younger kids, trying to get the experience in that big tournament.”
Southington is currently 2-0 overall and 1-0 in the CCC West.
To comment on this story or to contact sports writer Brian Jennings, email him at bjennings@southingtonobserver.com.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A "beautiful and dedicated" primary school teacher who suffered indigestion-like symptoms died just three days after her wedding when she was diagnosed with terminal cancer.
Katie Sutterby, who worked at Maltese Road Primary School, in Chelmsford, was just 29 when she passed away after being diagnosed with bowel cancer just five weeks before.
Her devastated husband, Will Arnold, had planned to propose to Katie later in the year.
But after being told her cancer was terminal, the pair decided to get married with the little time they had, reports Essex Live .
Will, a product design assistant, from Church Lane, Chelmsford, said: “It was totally unexpected, she was perfectly healthy and only 29. She was very active and enjoyed running, she actually was the one who got me into running and loved going to the gym.
“Towards the end of July, she started getting indigestion-like symptoms and at first we just went to the pharmacy to try and get it under control.
“The symptoms continued and the doctor said they would look into it further. They thought it was probably gallstones so they referred her for a scan.
(Image: Essex Live WS)
Will be continued: “We carried on as normal until Katie felt a lot of pain at work one day and was told to go to A&E. There they did an x-ray and kept her in that night having found something on the scan.
“We were told the next day she had bowel cancer and that it had already spread to her liver. We were just in complete shock but Katie stayed amazingly strong and positive.
“We thought we would try and do something nice so went away for the weekend. However a few days later Katie had to go back to see the consultant and she was told the cancer was terminal.
“They said she probably only had months or a year at the most. We were of course all completely devastated."
But Katie's health went down hill quickly.
“We were so proud of Katie in her last few weeks and seeing her dealing with it so well was inspiring," Will continued.
"On the other hand seeing her health deteriorate so quickly was just so hard to see.
“I don't think she wanted to accept it. You never think it's going to be cancer, you always just assume it's something minor.
“But the doctors said she might have had it for quite a while but just never had any of the normal symptoms.”
(Image: Essex Live WS)
Her husband added: “There were so many tumours that they couldn't operate straight away because it wouldn't leave enough healthy liver. Instead they decided to start chemotherapy to shrink the cancer as much as possible first.
“But by the time the chemo started she had started to have a lot of physical symptoms, like her legs were swollen and she also had jaundice. She was having to take a lot of medication and strong pain relief. Because she was young, everything happens a lot more quickly so her age worked against her.
“Apparently the chemo would only make things worse so they had to stop the treatment. At that point the doctor said it's more likely to be weeks rather than months.
“I was planning to propose to Katie later in the year but we had no time so we decided to just do it and get married.”
The wedding was organised in just two weeks and on August 10, the pair were finally married, surrounded by their family and friends.
The 38-year old added: “It was amazing to do it in the time we had. She looked beautiful. I didn't think she was going to have the energy to keep going for as long as she did, but we danced all night and she chatted to everyone. It was a perfect day and she had a great time with all her family and friends.
“We didn't have a chance to have a long honeymoon- we wanted to go to Paris but instead we just had two days away at a spa.
“I remember she felt worried about coming home and being able to control her pain. We had been talking to people at Farleigh Hospice and decided to go straight there on our way home. She was in a lot of pain but the nurses managed to get it under control.”
(Image: Essex Live WS)
Sadly, Katie died in Farleigh Hospice just three days after her wedding day and five weeks since she was first diagnosed.
Will, Katie's sister Hayley Sutterby, 26 and a family friend Stuart Collett, are doing the Royal Parks half marathon in London on Sunday (October 8). They have already raised over £10,000 between them.
All money raised will go to Beating Bowel Cancer with Will also planning to do the London Marathon next year for Farleigh Hospice if he manages to get a place.
Will said: “I exceeded my first target of £500 in the first day, I was trending on JustGiving as one of the quickest earners that day, but that just shows how loved and respected Katie was.
“She was a fantastic teacher and she loved her job. She was amazing, so dedicated. All the kids' parents came to her funeral even parents of children she taught the term before.
“She was the most fun and lively person with a great sense of humour. She had a lot of friends and quite a big family.
“We were always doings things like seeing DJs and going to festivals. She was just really exuberant and so beautiful. I'm so proud I got to call her my wife. We all loved her so much. She was our world.”
If you would like to donate, you can visit Will's JustGiving page here .
LAHORE, Apr 24 (APP):Pakistan Professional Boxing Federation is seeking permission from the World Boxing Council Asia to get Quetta boxer Ali Dad a youth title fight.
PPBF chief Rasheed Baloch approached WBC Asia General Secretary to allow Ali Dad to fight for youth title. “The WBC Asia General Secretary will confirm the fight after he gets permission from his president,” said Rasheed here on Tuesday.
Ali Dad on Monday knocked out Muhammad Umair Khan in a lightweight bout organized by the PPBF in connection with the Asger Ali Pro-Boxing Night at KPK. The federation arranged six bouts in a bid to get professional boxing popularity in Pakistan.
Ali Dad was up against Umair and by the 58th second of the second rough, the former pugilist knocked down his rival to win the bout and now hope for a WBC youth title fight provided the world body in Asia allows him.
During the pro-boxing night apart from lightweight, bouts were held in bantamweight, light fly weight, super feather weight, super welter weight and feather weight categories. The duties of referee and judges were performed by Kaleem Ahmed Azad, Abdul Hameed, Muhammad Ajmal Khan and Muhammad Afzal Khan.
In the opening bout of bantam weight category, Muhai Uddin defeated Muhammad Asfand Yar Khan by a unanimous decision of the judges 3-0.
The lightweight category bout was between Muhammad Sadiq and Sajjad Khan. It was also a unanimous decision 3-0 in favour of Muhammad Sadiq.
In bout three which was in super featherweight held between Shahid and Fazl Ullah and after a close fight Fazl won. The boxers remained even in the first round and in the remaining two rounds Fazl edged to win by a slender margin with final point being 2-0.
The fourth bout which was in lightweight, Ali Dad was the winner against Umair. Ali knocked out his rival technically in the second round's 58 second.
Muzafar Khan and Mansoor fought in the Super welterweight bout that also did not last long. Muzafar knocked out Mansoor in the first round and to be precise in two minutes and 49 second.
The final bout of the day was in featherweight category and the winner was Sikandar Abbasi. Sikandar dominated the entire proceeding and won the fight against Saleem 3-0 with a unanimous decision of the judges. Now these boxers will further train for six round professional fights.
Road accidents in six days of Songkran celebrations from April 11-16 claimed a total of 335 deaths and 3,506 injuries.
The Road Safety Centre under the Department of Public Disasters Prevention and Mitigation stated Monday that the fatalities were counted from 3,388 road accidents which happened in six days from April 11-16.
Full story: thaipbs.or.th
By Thai PBS Reporters
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
Among the actions taken today by Donald Trump is an executive order that's aimed at sanctuary cities, cities where by policy or local law the police typically do not help federal agencies enforce the immigration laws. Trump is directing the secretary of Homeland Security and the attorney general to withhold grant money from those cities, and he's calling for restoration of cooperation between federal and local law enforcement to target criminal aliens.
This comes as no surprise, and many mayors have publicly pledged their cities will remain safe for immigrants who have no documentation. Among those, Mayor Javier Gonzales of Santa Fe, N.M, who joins us now. Welcome to the program.
JAVIER GONZALES: Thank you, Robert. Good to be with you.
SIEGEL: This month, your city council backed off a resolution that pointedly criticized Donald Trump. Is your city losing some of its conviction to be a sanctuary city?
GONZALES: Well, no. The word sanctuary city has been something that's just been adopted by Trump to push out some rhetoric. What Santa Fe has been is a city that has practiced as part of its values nondiscrimination.
SIEGEL: Not just where they come from, but whether they have a visa to be in Santa Fe, you don't discriminate on that basis.
GONZALES: We don't discriminate. We don't ask for status. We don't have a checkpoint coming into the city looking for papers because we do believe that every person deserves respect and dignity when they're living in our community peacefully, when they're contributing. And the issue of law enforcement resources needs to go towards community policing. And so the last thing that we are going to do is serve as an extension of the federal Immigration Services and begin to issue - through administrative warrants - detention orders.
SIEGEL: If, in fact, for pursuing those policies all federal funds from Justice and Homeland Security were cut off for Santa Fe, what impact would that have on your city?
GONZALES: I don't believe that there will be federal funds that will be cut off because I believe Santa Fe is fully compliant, regardless of his executive order - federal laws. And it's important to, one, recognize that we're on solid legal grounds, but, two, you know, there are people that highly depend on federal grants whether it's for warm meals, first time homeownership. There is nothing that this executive order can do that would compel us to have to change not only the values of our city, but certainly change the way service is being delivered through funds that are coming from the federal government.
SIEGEL: But a few years ago, it was reported that in Santa Fe the county jail barred immigration agents from interviewing inmates and didn't notify federal agents when it released people. Is that still the case? Will those policies continue, and are they compliant with federal law?
GONZALES: It is still the case. And, you know, that would be something that in terms of the county pursuing and holding onto those policies, I think it's important that they continue to do so. I hope they don't change them. And this act by President Trump unfortunately is an act of bullying, of trying to intimidate through the use of federal funds a change in values that have been all about nondiscrimination.
SIEGEL: But, Mayor Gonzalez, what do you say to a supporter of this move who says there was just an election? Cutting of sanctuary cities was a very frequently repeated campaign promise of Donald Trump's. There were polls that showed it was even popular with voters. He won, people who supported your side lost, give it up.
GONZALES: What I would say is first, the prioritization of this president needs to be about reforming a broken immigration system, that the reason so many cities across the country have had to step into this role of providing safe inclusive communities is because the federal immigration system has been broken.
He should propose and initiate efforts to work with the Congress in a bipartisan way that reforms an immigration system that will keep our border safe, develop more efficient processes to get work permits and visas, and then begin to work with local governments to go after all individuals, whether they're here lawfully or not, who want to commit crimes against our community. But he's chosen to take the political path, and I don't think that that's going to move us to being any safer than what we want to be.
SIEGEL: Mayor Javier Gonzalez of Santa Fe, N.M. Thank you very much for talking with us.
GONZALES: Thank you for having me, Robert. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Peter Thiel has some wild ideas, but transfusing teen blood into his own body might not be his bag.
Stories of countesses bathing in virgin blood, or vampiric nobles sucking the juice out of the young, have captured our attention for centuries. But when stories started coming out that tech billionaire Peter Thiel was interested in transfusing teen blood into his own body, it sent Silicon Valley into a fever dream. Peter Thiel, the vampire!
Thiel has been alleged to have a lot of crazy ideas — like that women shouldn't have been given the vote or that we should create lawless floating nations to solve society's problems. The coup de grâce appeared to be Thiel's role in toppling Gawker ten years after the media company wrote openly about his sexuality.
Then, of course, he joined Trump, a pariah in the tech world. No wonder everyone was quick to believe that Thiel would be willing to suck the blood of the young if it added a few more years to his own life.
Jeff Bercovici of Inc. first wrote that Thiel was so afraid of dying that he was looking at “having younger people's blood transfused into his own veins.” Toward that end, the story reported, a Thiel Capital medical director had even contacted a startup called Ambrosia that was harvesting the blood of teens, hoping to invest.
In short order, Vanity Fair, Gawker, and numerous other media sites repeated the story. Ambrosia received so much press attention that founder Jesse Karmazin was even invited to talk about his work at Recode's recent Code Conference. Meanwhile, an episode of HBO's “Silicon Valley” poked fun at the unsettling idea.
But the story that Thiel was looking to harvest the blood of the young simply isn't true, according to Karmazin, who says he was never contacted by Thiel or anyone associated with Thiel Capital. “I wish I did know Peter Thiel,” he said. “He's not even a patient. If he were, I would have to say ‘We can't disclose that information.' But he's not even a patient so I can tell you, he's not a patient'.”
Unquestionably, Thiel has been interested in cheating death for several years. He told Business Insider back in 2012, “Death is a problem that can be solved.” He's also investing in life extension research, funding Cynthia Kenyon, Aubrey de Grey and a number of other researchers who are focused on anti-aging. Last fall, the life extension startup Unity Biotechnology also raised an enormous round of funding from Thiel and other Silicon Valley billionaires interested in the prospect of humans living much longer lives.
Ambrosia — which takes donated teen blood and pumps it into anyone age 35 or older for $8,000 a pop — seems like just the type of wild startup that would interest Thiel.
As questionable as the idea sounds, blood from the young is not new. The process, known as parabiosis, has at least been successful in mice. Karmazin also says he's seen his own patients' hair return from gray back to its original color, and he says he has noted a remarkable difference in pep in the 600 or so people now going through treatment in his facility.
Contrary to the depiction in “Silicon Valley,” however, Ambrosia cannot directly hire the teens. Due to fairly strict regulations, people can't be compensated for their blood, so the startup relies heavily instead on donor facilities.
It's also a very experimental procedure for humans at this point, with repeated sessions needed to keep up the effects, Karmazin says. (“You don't look like you are 20 after one treatment,” he tells me.)
That's saying nothing of the fact that the process can be duplicated. Anyone with a certain medical understanding could set up their own shop and charge people for the same service. Asked about the challenge, Karmazin says Ambrosia is by design “not structured as a money-making operation.”
The risks associated with blood transfusions also sound pretty risky and the pay-to-play aspect of Ambrosia has drawn criticism in the science world. Others have called into question the idea of filling old people's veins with teen blood as an anti-aging solution.
Still, Karmazin is hopeful he'll have some good results from a preliminary human trial in the next year. As for the media frenzy, Karmazin says the old adage that there's no such thing as bad press is true, and that all the wild stories have led to a lot of inquiry.
“It's amazing how many journalists just repeat what they've read,” he says.
Featured Image: Bryce Durbin/TechCrunch
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Traders Holdings Co Ltd
* Says it signs basic agreement with Philippines-based CAGAYAN ECONOMIC ZONE AUTHORITY and IWAVE INC on Feb. 2
* Says three entities will cooperate on virtual currency related fintech
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/FNS6c9
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Buy Photo Detroit police cruiser (Photo: Robin Buckson, The Detroit News)Buy Photo
Highland Park police are investigating an early Monday morning shooting that left two men wounded and at least one in critical condition.
The shooting took place just after 2 a.m. on the 70 block of Monterey in Highland Park, said Detroit police spokeswoman Marli Blackman. The area is south of Davison and west of Woodward. Police believe the incident was preceded by an argument at a Southfield hookah bar.
A party bus of twentysomethings had emptied into the Burn Hookah Bar in Southfield, Blackman said. At some point, two women in the hookah bar got into an altercation. One was from the party bus group, the other was not.
Southfield deputy police chief Nick Loussia said police responded to a call from the hookah bar at about 12:30 a.m. The establishment had kicked out some 40 people for "causing a disturbance." The venue does not serve alcohol.
Police arrived to find a large group of people in the parking lot. The two women, one 22, the other 20, both from Detroit, were allegedly caught fighting and were arrested for disorderly conduct.
Police believe that when party bus left the parking lot, two vehicles — a newer model dark-blue Chevy Malibu, and an older, gray Pontiac Grand-Am — followed it down to Highland Park. When the bus stopped, one man got out of each of the vehicles and "began spraying the bus," and anything nearby, with bullets. Many shell casings were later recovered from the scene.
Two of the men from the party bus were hit. One was shot in his chest and is in critical condition. The other victim's condition was not immediately available. Exact ages for the victims were not available.
Though no arrests have been made as yet, Blackman said "we think we know who the shooters are."
jdickson@detroitnews.com
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2BdhxPZ
President Donald Trump announced new reforms that would broaden conscience exemptions to the Affordable Care Act's contraception mandate, expanding protections beyond small and closely held businesses to publicly traded companies and other employers as well as extending protections not only to those with religious objections but to those with moral objections that are not specifically religious in nature. This is an excellent development: The overbearing contraception mandate was an assault not only on religious liberty but on the legal standing of private conscience itself. (The mandate included types of contraception that, as even the Obama administration's FDA acknowledged, might instead operate post-conception to prevent implantation and thus kill the early embryo.)
This is the second time the rule has been revised. The first revision came after the Supreme Court found that the mandate as constructed by the Obama administration violated the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993, which requires that the federal government use the least invasive and most narrowly focused means available when burdening Americans' religious exercise. The Court rightly found that a universal mandate with no exceptions could hardly be considered the least burdensome option. The Obama administration responded with a revised rule that may or may not have satisfied the Court — the avalanche of litigation it inspired certainly suggested that it did not satisfy the litigants. Further revision to the rule was both welcome and prudent.
In conjunction with the rule change, HHS also released guidance to states operating Obamacare exchanges telling them that rules against using public funds to pay for abortion coverage will now actually be enforced, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions issued wide-ranging guidance to federal agencies as to how they should handle religious-liberty questions. Sessions points out, accurately, that his guidance does not in fact constitute a substantial policy change: He has merely collected and forcefully reiterated the various religious-liberty protections already found in federal statute and regulation.
The contraceptive mandate will remain broadly in force, though the case for it has never been quite persuasive. That contraception should be universally available without any copay or other out-of-pocket expense — under federal mandate — is not an entirely obvious national health-care priority, contraception already being widely available, generally at very modest expense if any. Not long after the ACA was passed, Walmart began selling birth-control pills for $9 a month, and contraception can be had for even less in some circumstances. But as with public funding of abortion, the birth-control mandate is not really about money: It is about compelling complicity. For the Left, the libertarian live-and-let-live position is never good enough: Those with moral objections must be conscripted by the state to finance abortions, subsidize birth control, participate in gay weddings under the threat of being prosecuted as civil-rights violators, etc. The Left is all Kulturkampf, all the time.
Partisanship does make for funny outcomes: Even as congressional Democrats are howling that their Republican colleagues are conspiring to deprive women of birth control, some congressional Republicans have been working to make contraception available on an over-the-counter basis. Democrats have opposed that measure, of course: They want to ensure that access to contraception remains a subsidized benefit women owe to Democratic politicians rather than an ordinary product women pay for the way they pay for a cup of coffee or a tank of gas or any of the other myriad of things American women manage to organize for themselves without the assistance of Chuck Schumer.
To live and let live — to respect the private mind and the private conscience — is not only the expression of a moral principle. It is also a pragmatic political instrument. People cannot simply mind their own business when they are being dragooned by the taxman into financially participating in other people's life choices, including their sex lives. Our so-called liberal friends used to demand that we “keep politics out of our bedrooms.” Many conservatives would gladly cooperate in that endeavor, if they were in fact allowed to do so. Legislation such as the Religious Freedom Restoration Act is intended to accomplish that, to a certain extent, and the new rules put forward by the Trump administration will help secure that goal.
There are times when the nation must do things as a nation. But even in the dark days of the war against Nazi Germany, the United States made room for the individual conscience, with thousands of Quakers, Brethren, and Mennonites exempted from military service. Ensuring that organizations that do not wish to include contraception coverage in their health-care plans are forced by the federal government to do so is a crusade of a lesser, and less worthy, kind.
The Trump administration has done the right thing on religious liberty. It's a good start on a long project.
READ MORE:
HHS Curtails Obama Administration's Persecution of Religious Employees
Pro-Life Women Don't Loathe Their Womanhood
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is advancing toward the first transfer of a prisoner from the Guantanamo Bay detention center under U.S. President Donald Trump, the U.S. military told Reuters on Monday, a move that would repatriate the detainee to Saudi Arabia.
A detainee paces around a cell block while being held in Joint Task Force Guantanamo's Camp VI at the U.S. Naval Base in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba March 22, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/File Photo
The transfer of 43-year-old Ahmed Muhammed Haza al-Darbi appeared to have stalled in February, when he became eligible but was not repatriated, as allowed under the terms of al-Darbi's 2014 plea bargain agreement.
The U.S. military said at the time it was waiting for assurances from Saudi Arabia's government to move forward on his departure.
On Monday, the Pentagon suggested that process was back on track. Navy Commander Sarah Higgins, a spokeswoman, said the Defense Department was “reviewing information received from Saudi Arabia regarding al-Darbi's transfer.”
“The transfer process is moving forward,” Higgins said. “I have no further information on transfer timing.”
She did not elaborate.
Al-Darbi's transfer would decrease the prisoner population at the detention center in Cuba to 40 from 41 - despite Trump's campaign pledge to “to load it up with some bad dudes.”
The prison, which was opened by Republican President George W. Bush to hold terrorism suspects captured overseas after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks came to symbolize harsh detention practices that opened the United States to accusations of torture.
U.S. officials have not ruled out again adding to the prisoner population and have acknowledged trouble repatriating Islamic State fighters being held by U.S.-backed forces in Syria, raising the possibility that Guantanamo Bay could be seen as a viable option in the future.
The news of progress in al-Darbi's case came before a high-profile trip to Washington by Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman, his first visit to the United States as Saudi heir apparent.
The crown prince is due to meet Trump at the White House on Tuesday, in a visit that is expected to see both countries publicly emphasize their strong security ties, even as those ties come under intensifying scrutiny in Congress.
‘MESSAGE OF HOPE'
Al-Darbi became eligible for repatriation under the terms of his 2014 plea bargain agreement, in which he admitted to his role in a 2002 attack of against a French-flagged oil tanker off the coast of Yemen, and agreed to cooperate with U.S. authorities. He has been held at Guantanamo Bay for 15 years.
Ramzi Kassem, a law professor at the City University of New York who has been al-Darbi's lead defense counsel since 2008, told Reuters that a Trump administration move to honor the 2014 agreement would be significant and would be noticed by other inmates.
“Mr. Darbi's transfer to Saudi custody would send a qualified message of hope to other prisoners that leaving Guantanamo is possible,” Kassem said.
He said the message was qualified in part because “the U.S. government has no interest in prosecuting three quarters of the detainees left today,” which would make them ineligible for such agreements.
Critics of the U.S. military detention system say that militants can be best prosecuted in civilian courts and have seized on the high costs of housing inmates at Guantanamo Bay as one argument why indefinite detention is misguided.
Trump's predecessor, Barack Obama, reduced the inmate population to 41 from 242, but fell short of fulfilling his promise to close the jail before leaving office last year.
Trump signed an order in January to keep the Guantanamo Bay detention center open and hinted in his State of the Union address to Congress that Islamic State or al Qaeda fighters could be added to the prison population
Trump also asked the Pentagon to re-examine the U.S. military's detention policy.
The U.S. military has long struggled with what to do about prisoners of war in an open-ended battle against Islamist extremism, in which militants have come from all corners of the world to fight in places like Syria.
In February, U.S. officials expressed concerns about the lack of a clear path on how to deal with foreign fighters for Islamic State who were detained by the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces.
U.S. officials say there are hundreds of foreign fighters and thousands of Syrian Islamic State militants in SDF hands.
When Vivianne Tu woke up on Wednesday morning to get ready for her internship with Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson (D-TX), she could already hear the sirens.
Loud sirens aren't all that unusual where Tu lives — her apartment is, after all, right next to George Washington University Hospital in downtown Washington, D.C. But this felt different.
I'm literally 5 blocks away from where this just happened in Alexandria. I heard all sirens 🚨&thought something serious was happening.My God https://t.co/I8K0pnssEh — Tara Setmayer (@TaraSetmayer) June 14, 2017
“I immediately knew something bad happened,” Tu, a junior at the University of Texas at Austin, tells USA TODAY College. “The second I walk out the door, I get like three news alerts about the shooting … Everyone I know is interning with some congressman on the Hill. It could've been any one of our offices.”
This isn't the internship experience Tu and her fellow college interns were expecting, or ever wanting, out of their time on Capitol Hill.
Shooting sparks concern, unity among Hill staffers
Washington is in shock after an Illinois man opened fire on a Republican congressional baseball team practice early Wednesday, wounding five people, including House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La) and Zack Barth, a staffer for Rep. Roger Williams (R-TX). The shooter, identified as James Hodgkinson, 66, was killed in a shootout with police.
Interns say congressional staffs are shaken up and struggling to process the tragedy, though staffers and interns continued to work throughout the day, according to Tu.
Caitlin Reedy, a junior at the University of Michigan interning for Rep. Mike Quigley (D-IL), described the atmosphere at the Rayburn House Office Building this morning as “tense,” with everyone around her feeling “a little bit rattled.”
The mood at the Capitol: some members of Congress going off the record during press scrums so they can cry before continuing to answer q's — Haley Byrd (@byrdinator) June 14, 2017
“There was a lot more security and police throughout the Capitol complex, and we all kept a close eye on the TVs to see how the story would progress,” Reedy says. “As we found out more about what happened at the baseball field and the conditions of the victims, the mood shifted away from anxious to one of concern and unity.”
As she walked to different offices on Wednesday afternoon to collect signatures for an unrelated letter, Reedy noticed that “every office, regardless of political party or state, had the news on and was following the story.”
“It helped remind me that everyone is here for the same purpose and there is a great level of respect and concern for all the other Hill staffers and congressmen,” Reedy says.
Former Scalise interns react to his critical injury
One group particularly shaken up by the shooting: Interns who have worked for Scalise, who was was shot in the hip and “remains in critical condition,” according to MedStar Washington Hospital Center, where he is being treated.
They describe their former boss as genuine and warm.
Rep. Scalise was critically injured and remains in critical condition. The other patient is in good condition. — MedStar Washington (@MedStarWHC) June 14, 2017
Mike Battiato, a junior at George Washington University, worked in Scalise's office last semester after seeking an opportunity to “be a part of the legislative process.”
“Throughout my time in the office, the congressman was always friendly and nice with everyone,” Battiato tells USA TODAY College. “[He was] a pleasure to work for. … He works extremely hard for the American people and cares deeply about the issues and the future of our nation.”
Tori Wichman, a senior at Hillsdale College who interned for Scalise last summer, remembers his staff as extremely close and willing to go the extra mile for constituents. “They were like a family,” Wichman says. “They're just one unit always striving to serve Steve Scalise.”
Update on the Condition of Majority Whip Steve Scalise https://t.co/Lfna1fgHLL pic.twitter.com/BVGXbOKRMY — Rep. Steve Scalise (@SteveScalise) June 14, 2017
Wichman was connected with Scalise's office through the Congressional Coalition on Adoption Institute, where she worked concurrently as an intern focused on foster youth. While interning in D.C., she wrote policy intended to reduce child abuse in foster homes and presented her findings to Scalise in a one-on-one meeting.
“He seemed really sympathetic and that this was something that he really did want to be involved in, which meant a lot to me,” Wichman says. “And it meant a lot to me that he took me in as his intern to be able to learn from him and his staff.”
When Wichman heard that Scalise had been shot, she did not want to believe it. She started receiving a “flood” of texts from the interns she had worked with and says they were “shaken up and very distraught that this would happen to a person we loved working for.”
The targeting of the baseball practice struck Wichman as particularly distressing, as she attended the game last year and observed that it brought congressional members together. The game is still scheduled to take place as planned Thursday night.
The congressional baseball game is on for tomorrow night. Members gave that news a standing ovation. — Matt Fuller (@MEPFuller) June 14, 2017
“It's just such a joyful competition where everyone from the House and the Senate unite, so to imagine them practicing for some kind of celebration [and have it] be ruined by violence is really sad,” Wichman says.
When something tragic happens to someone, Wichman says, people are inclined to say good things about them. But, she says, “I think every time someone talks about Steve Scalise, they naturally say good things because he truly is a genuine person who wants to do good for the community.”
Haley Samsel is an American University student and a USA TODAY digital producer.
Michael Amacker, 53, a native of Terrebonne Parish and resident of Houma, died Monday, May 29, 2017.
Visitation will be Friday from 9 a.m. until services at 11 a.m. at Jones Funeral Home chapel in Houma. Burial will follow in Southdown Cemetery.
He is survived by a son, Terrance Lovely of Houma; mother, Mary Brown-Amacker of Houma; four brothers, Kenneth Amacker of Franklin, Tyrone Amacker of Morgan City, and Darryl Amacker and Jerome Amacker, both of Houma; five daughters, Anita Douglas, Bernadette Franklin, Gwendolyn Amacker, Kimberly Amacker and Carol Amacker, all of Houma; and a host of other relatives.
He was preceded in death by his father.
Jones Funeral Home is in charge of arrangements.
PanARMENIAN.Net - Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Mikhail Bogdanov said on Monday, April 17 that diplomats from Russia, the United States and the United Nations plan to discuss the Syrian crisis in Geneva next week, Russian news agencies quoted him as saying.
Bogdanov also said Moscow was still waiting for confirmation from Washington that the meeting would take place, Reuters says.
The death toll from a bomb attack on a crowded bus convoy outside Aleppo has reached at least 126 in the deadliest such incident in Syria in almost a year, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said on Sunday.
Monday, January 2, 2017 at 6:19 am |
A burned vehicle is removed from the site of car bomb attack in a busy square at Baghdad's sprawling Sadr City district, in Iraq, Monday. (Reuters/Ahmed Saad)
BAGHDAD (AP) - A suicide bomber blew up his explosives-laden vehicle Monday in a bustling market area in Baghdad, killing 24 people, Iraqi officials said, hours after the arrival of French President François Hollande to the country and amid a fierce fight against the Islamic State terror group.
The bomber driving a pickup truck attacked an outdoor fruit and vegetable market, daily laborers and a police checkpoint in Baghdad's eastern Sadr City district, a police officer said. 67 other people were wounded in that attack, he said.
The Islamic State terror group claimed responsibility for the attack. Amaq news agency, a site linked to the terror group, said in a statement distributed online that the attack had targeted a gathering of Shiite Muslims, which the ultra-hardline Sunni group considers apostates.
The group claimed responsibility for Saturday's suicide attack in a central Baghdad market, which killed at least 28 people, and Sunday's suicide bombing at a checkpoint south of Baghdad that killed at least nine people.
Iraq witnesses near-daily attacks, including in Baghdad, which have been frequently claimed by IS. Late last month, Iraqi authorities started removing some of the security checkpoints in Baghdad, mainly on its eastern side, in a bid to ease traffic for the capital's approximately 6 million residents.
The attack came as Hollande started an official visit to Iraq to meet officials and French troops. During his one-day visit, Hollande met with Iraqi President Fuad Masum and Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi in the capital, Baghdad. Later, he'll travel to the country's self-governing northern Kurdish region to meet French troops and local officials.
Iraqi troops, backed by a U.S.-led coalition, are fighting IS in a massive operation to retake the northern city of Mosul. Iraqi state media said Hollande will discuss “increasing support to Iraq and the latest developments in the fight against Daesh,” the Arabic acronym for IS.
In quotes published by the Élysée official Twitter account, Hollande promised that France would remain a long-term ally of Iraq and called for coordination between intelligence services “in a spirit of great responsibility.”
France is part of the U.S.-led international coalition formed in late 2014 to fight IS after the extremist group seized large areas in Iraq and neighboring Syria and declared an Islamic “caliphate.” France has suffered multiple terrorist attacks claimed by IS.
Hollande said Iraq was in a precarious position two years ago, when IS made its blitz. But now the tide has turned. “The results are there: Daesh is in retreat and the battle of Mosul is engaged.”
Since the Mosul operation started on Oct. 17, Iraqi forces have seized around a quarter of the city. Last week, the troops resumed fighting after a two-week lull due to stiff resistance by the terrorists, bad weather and thousands of civilians trapped in their houses.
In an interview with The Associated Press on Sunday, the senior U.S. military commander, Brig. Gen. Rick Uribe, praised the Iraqi forces fighting mainly on the eastern side of the city, saying they were “at their peak.” Uribe agreed with al-Abadi's assessment that it would take another three months to liberate Mosul.
He predicted the troops would face a different fight when they cross to the west bank of the Tigris River, saying it will mostly be a “dismounted” battle fought in part on narrow streets, some of which were not wide enough for a vehicle to pass.
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city is located about 225 miles northwest of Baghdad. While the Syrian city of Raqqa is considered the “caliphate's” de facto capital, Mosul is the largest city under its control. It is the last major IS urban stronghold in Iraq.
He said the Montreal heat exposure victims were between 50 and 80.
"None of the people we've identified in the last four days had air conditioning at home," Kaiser noted.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau tweeted condolences to the relatives of the Quebec victims.
No deaths have been reported in other provinces. In Ontario, a spokeswoman for the coroner's office said it couldn't confirm if there were any heat-related deaths, adding it could take weeks or several months to complete such probes.
Kaiser said one reason Quebec has been reporting so many deaths is because it's part of the province's extreme heat plan, where health officials work in tandem with first responders and emergency rooms to track down potential cases of heat-related illnesses and deaths.
"We go out to the paramedics, we go out to the hospitals and we ask them to make sure to identify any deaths they believe are related to heat and that allows us to intervene more quickly," Kaiser said.
He cited a case in recent days in which a death in a home for the elderly led authorities to move five other people deemed at risk to a facility equipped with air conditioning.
Police and firefighters also continued to go door to door in areas identified as having people considered at high risk: those with chronic illness or mental-health problems, those who live alone and people without air conditioning at home.
Also on Wednesday, the ambulance service that serves a large swath of the Montreal area called on people to refrain from calling unless it is a real emergency.
Urgences-sante said it has been inundated by the volume of calls — 1,200 calls per day in Montreal and nearby Laval over the past four days, which is 30 per cent more than usual on busy days.
By Sidhartha Banerjee, The Canadian Press
Observer Report
United Nations
Pakistan Tuesday criticized the aspirants for permanent seats in an expanded United Nations Security Council — India, Brazil, Germany and Japan — for opposing that reform of the 15-member body should be guided by the principles of democracy.
“I have to say, the objection … has left us dumbfounded,” Ambassador Maleeha Lodhi said in response to a document prepared by the co-chairs of the intergovernmental negotiations (IGN) identifying democracy and representativeness as shared principles of the UN membership that need to be taken into consideration in reforming the Security Council.
On the concluding day of the long-running IGN process that has been in progress for the past several months, Ambassador Lodhi responded to the Indian Permanent Representative, Syed Akbaruddin's earlier assertions which questioned the centrality of these universal principles for the Council's reform.“This is the first time, we are hearing someone speak against the notion of democracy and representativeness in the august chambers of the United Nations,” the Pakistani envoy said while referring to the G-4's objections. “Is reform of the Council not fundamentally about equitable representation on the Council?,” Ambassador Lodhi asked.
“We agree on practicing democracy at home but some countries here argue that it should not be practiced at the UN!” Emphasizing that the purpose of the negotiations was to find areas that can serve as a common denominator, Ambassador Lodhi said it was argued that because the process lacked democracy, this should not be a guiding principle for reforming the Council.
“We can hardly agree with this assertion,” she said, adding, “Juxtaposing the absence of a text to the lack of democracy is disingenuous.” ‘Another argument, the Pakistani envoy said, was that because the Security Council was not democratic at present, its future should also be shorn of democracy and application of the principle of democracy to its reform should be cast aside.
“We agree that the Council's present composition is not sufficiently democratic. But this is precisely the reason why any reform should strive to make it more democratic.”
The council's reform, aimed at making it more representative and effective, was backed by the 2005 world summit held at UN Headquarters in New York. Practically all member states agree on enlarging the membership of Council, but they are sharply divided over the details.
Progress towards restructuring the Security Council remains blocked as India and its allies known as the Group of Four — push for permanent seats while Italy/Pakistan-led Uniting for Consensus (UfC) group firmly oppose any additional permanent members.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fancy bombing down the A14 in one of these?
It's the new Can-Am Maverick X3 MAX, a 154bhp turbocharged off-road vehicle that combines defiant design, precision handling and exceptional power on multiple terrains. Oh, and comfort and control for four people!
It's made by Bombardier Recreational Products (BRP), a leading light in the design, manufacturing, distribution and marketing of recreational powersports vehicles.
Not sure when it's getting a UK launch but it'll be available soon as an import.
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India has raised the price at which the government will buy new-season common rice variety from domestic farmers by 13 percent, a minister said on Wednesday, as the state looks to woo millions of farmers ahead of general elections due early next year.
Women plant rice saplings at a paddy field in a village in Nagaon district, Assam, July 3, 2018. REUTERS/Anuwar Hazarika
India, one of the world's key producers of an array of farm commodities, announces support prices for more than 20 crops each year to set a benchmark.
But state agencies buy only rice and wheat at those prices given a lack of financial resources, limiting the benefit of higher crop prices to only 7 percent of the country's farmers.
The government had fixed last year's rice purchase price for the common variety at 1,550 rupees ($22.63) per 100 kilogrammes. It also raised the support price for a superior rice variety to 1,770 rupees, up from 1,590 rupees last year, Home Minister Rajnath Singh told reporters.
Related Coverage Expert Views: India raises local rice purchase price by 13 percent to woo farmers
The hike in support prices will not impact on food inflation and the government is confident in reining in rising consumer prices, Singh said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government vowed in February to buy crops at 1.5 times the cost of production, a major shift after keeping the so-called minimum support price in low single digits over the past three years.
Analysts and economists have warned the move could help push up inflation, and with a fiscal deficit, prompt India's central bank to raise interest rates more steeply than expected.
Indian farmers voted overwhelmingly for Modi in the 2014 general election, sweeping him to power with an absolute majority, a first for any political party in 30 years. But his popularity has since faded.
Modi's cabinet also raised the minimum support price for soybean and long staple cotton by 10.3 percent and 20.7 percent to 3,399 and 5,450 rupees, respectively, Singh said.
A farmer gathers saplings to be planted at a paddy field in a village in Nagaon district, Assam, July 3, 2018. REUTERS/Anuwar Hazarika
FOX NEWS:
Hollywood kingpin and Democrat Party mega-donor Harvey Weinstein is turning fellow liberals into hypocrites as they join the battle to save his tattered reputation from claims he spent decades preying on Hollywood starlets, according to critics.
Anita Dunn, a key aide to President Obama, “counseled” the Tinseltown titan after The New York Times reported that the powerful movie producer sexually harassed Ashley Judd, Rose McGowan and at least six other starlets. And his attorney, Lisa Bloom – who is “tutoring” him on how to not act like a pig – built her reputation representing women who claim to have been on the other end of bad behavior
“Harvey Weinstein is such a wonderful feminist that he has feminists Lisa Bloom and Anita Dunn fronting for his disgusting misogyny!” tweeted New York Post pundit John Podhoretz.
Louis Riddick reacts to Pittsburgh's come-from-behind, 39-38 win over Baltimore where the Steelers' offense came alive late. (0:59)
PITTSBURGH -- The Pittsburgh Steelers had every answer covered when greeted with questions about Sunday's clash with the New England Patriots.
Fresh off a wild 39-38 win against the Baltimore Ravens to clinch the AFC North, many Steelers downplayed the Patriots showdown, sticking to the script that every game is equally important.
Steelers safety Mike Mitchell couldn't contain his excitement.
"This is the game everyone's been waiting to see," Mitchell said of facing the Patriots. "I've been thinking about this game since we lost it last year. Very much look forward to playing them."
Then Mitchell emphatically acknowledged that Patriots quarterback Tom Brady is the "GOAT."
"For us to be the champ, we have to beat the champ," Mitchell said.
Safety Mike Mitchell on Pittsburgh's upcoming game against the Patriots: "I've been thinking about this game since we lost it last year." Jeremy Fowler/ESPN
The Steelers believe they are ready to battle the quarterback who owns 22 touchdowns, zero interceptions and six wins in his past seven games against Pittsburgh.
The defense giving up 38 points to the Ravens' 30th-ranked offense on Sunday was alarming. The Steelers struggled with miscues, penalties and missed tackles. If Brett Hundley, Andy Dalton and Joe Flacco can have success against the Pittsburgh defense, Brady has to like this matchup.
But this is still a top-six team in scoring defense, sacks and passing defense. The Steelers will make it a game.
And the play of Ben Roethlisberger, Antonio Brown and Le'Veon Bell at Heinz can't be ignored. In the past three home games, Brown has 526 yards with five touchdowns, Roethlisberger has 1,156 passing yards with 10 touchdowns and two interceptions, and Bell has 411 yards with four touchdowns.
Those opponents paled in comparison to the Patriots, but Baltimore and Tennessee are looking at playoff berths and Green Bay would be with a healthy Aaron Rodgers.
What you need to know in the NFL
• Statistics
• Scoreboard
• 2017 schedule, results
• Standings
With the no-huddle attack at home, the Steelers believe they can overcome any deficit. That won't stop at least a few players from toning down the Patriots-Steelers hype.
"What would it mean? Just another check mark, that's all it is," said Steelers guard Ramon Foster about beating New England. "I won't make a big deal about it because we have to bring our 'A' game. They asked for it, it was put out there, so here you go."
The Steelers' opportunistic-but-shaky defense has proved resilient all season, getting late-game stops to quiet opposing offenses. But it has also given up six receptions of 40 or more yards since Week 10, and a team that banks on stopping the run let Ravens running back Alex Collins go for 120 yards (6.7 per carry) Sunday night. The pass rush didn't get to Flacco until late in the game.
Many of the Steelers' 101 penalty yards came on defense.
Now the Steelers will be tasked with cleaning that up while trying to beat Brady without Ryan Shazier and possibly Joe Haden.
But sitting on back-to-back seasons of at least 11 wins, the Steelers feel battle-tested for the stretch run, even as they know who is in their way.
"I feel we can beat everyone in the NFL but the Patriots -- that's what it's been," Mitchell said. "Now we need to prove we can knock them off, and prove it to ourselves that we know we can do it, and do it."
White nationalist demonstrators use shields as they guard the entrance to Lee Park in Charlottesville, Va., Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017. (Photo: Steve Helber / AP)
Charlottesville, Va. — “Unite the Right” was the name given to the Virginia rally that ended in bloodshed Saturday when a car plowed into a crowd of demonstrators, killing a 32-year-old woman. A loosely connected mix of white nationalists, neo-Nazis and other far-right extremists with disjointed missions assembled in Charlottesville for the largest gathering of its kind in a decade, including:
RICHARD SPENCER
Richard Spencer, a leading figure in the white nationalist movement, was scheduled to speak at Saturday's rally in Charlottesville. Spencer popularized the term “alt-right” to describe a fringe movement that is a mix of white nationalist, white supremacist, anti-Semitic and anti-immigration beliefs. Spencer has advocated for an “ethno-state” that would be a “safe space” for white people. After Donald Trump's election, Spencer hosted a conference in Washington that ended with audience members mimicking Nazi salutes after Spencer shouted, “Hail Trump, hail our people, hail victory!” In April, a federal judge's ruling paved the way for Spencer to speak at Auburn University after the school tried to ban his appearance.
VANGUARD AMERICA
James Alex Fields Jr., the man accused of ramming his car into the crowd of protesters in Charlottesville, was photographed hours earlier carrying a shield bearing the emblem of Vanguard America. The group, which calls itself “the face of American fascism,” on its Twitter account, tweeted that Fields was “in no way” a member of the group. Vanguard America is primarily known for spreading its white nationalist messages in fliers posted on college campuses. Its website prominently features the motto “Blood and Soil,” a Nazi slogan. “If current trends continue, White Americans will be a minority in the nation they built. It's time to take a stand,” its website says.
IDENTITY EVROPA
Identity Evropa is another white nationalist group known for provoking outrage — and stirring up publicity — by putting up fliers on college campuses. The group, founded by California-based Nathan Damigo, also has tried to grow its ranks with campus visits. A video that went viral showed Damigo punching a woman during a brawl at a rally in Berkeley, California, in April.
TRADITIONALIST WORKER PARTY
The Traditionalist Worker Party describes itself on its website as “fighting to secure the existence of our people and a future for white children.” The group is led by Indiana-based white nationalist Matthew Heimbach, who was accused of harassing protesters at a Donald Trump campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, last year. As a student at Towson University in Maryland, Heimbach formed a group called the White Student Union and made headlines in Maryland for scrawling messages like “white pride” in chalk on campus sidewalks.
LEAGUE OF THE SOUTH
Founded more than two decades ago, the League of the South describes itself as a Southern nationalist organization. Based in north Alabama, it advocates for Southern states to again secede from the union. Flags and shields with the group's insignia were visible in the crowd on Saturday. The League is run by Michael Hill, a retired university professor who was among the speakers listed on the program for the “unite the right” rally in Charlottesville.
NATIONAL SOCIALIST MOVEMENT
Members of the National Socialist Movement joined other white nationalist groups, including Heimbach's Traditionalist Worker Party, at a rally in Pikeville, Kentucky, in April. Jeff Schoep, head of the National Socialist Movement, has said the white nationalist groups are trying to transform a recent groundswell of online support into real-world activism. National Socialist Movement members used to wear swastika armbands at marches but more recently have tried to broaden their appeal by avoiding the use of neo-Nazi symbols.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w798ui
Buy Photo Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette held a news conference Wednesday to announce new charges stemming from the Flint water crisis. (Photo: Dale G. Young / The Detroit News)Buy Photo
The wages of the Flint water crisis are finally touching the inner reaches of Gov. Rick Snyder's administration in ways average folks can understand.
Involuntary manslaughter charges against Health and Human Services Director Nick Lyon and four others are a bold effort by Snyder's would-be successor, Attorney General Bill Schuette, to enforce some high-level accountability in the public health fiasco blamed for claiming a dozen lives and sickening nearly 80 more with Legionnaires' disease.
The charges announced Wednesday target one of Flint's former emergency managers, Darnell Earley, while the state's chief medical officer, Eden Wells, is accused of obstruction of justice and lying to a police officer. The charges stop short of the governor's office door — for now.
Still, the implication is clear: Team Snyder can neither deny nor off-load responsibility for the three-years-and-counting scandal. It can't blame lower-level state employees, bureaucrats in Flint or officials inside regional offices of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.
Schuette, a fellow Republican with a history of antagonizing Snyder, clearly does not intend to let that happen. Doesn't matter how much Schuette's aggressive pursuit of the complex case might produce some obvious political benefit to the guy whose abbreviated title — A.G. — is described in state political circles as standing for “almost governor.”
As much as the Flint crisis is about bungled responsibility for public health and bureaucratic incompetence run amok, it cannot be separated from a political dimension informed by gubernatorial politics and such Republican policy preferences as the state's emergency manager law.
Look no further than Flint for Exhibit A in any incipient effort by a Democratic governor or divided Legislature to weaken, if not kill, the law the state used so effectively to engineer Detroit's historic bankruptcy — only to see it misused in Flint.
If there's one place in contemporary Michigan where personnel truly is destiny, it would be the emergency manager law. Success, or failure, depends almost entirely on who's tapped to lead which restructuring, and culpability for those missed calls in Flint rests solely with the governor who made them.
The two most likely aspirants for next year's Republican nomination effectively stand on opposite sides of the Flint chasm. There's Schuette, the law-and-order A.G. following the evidence where it leads, allegedly irrespective of politics. And there's Lt. Gov. Brian Calley, whose office ties him to Snyder and the Flint crisis whatever his efforts there to help and be visible.
Calley can't separate himself from that connection any more than Schuette can deny the political advantage he likely derives from his muscular pursuit of wrongdoing in a case that once gain made Michigan a source of national derision and international outrage.
In announcing the charges, Schuette acknowledged criticism suggesting that he and his team of investigators are being too tough and aggressive with a fellow Republican. His response? A lawyerly “so be it.”
He doesn't have much choice now. Each time Schuette pointedly declines to exclude Snyder from his investigation, or says the governor will not be charged “at this time,” he raises expectations that both are still possible.
That would be a remarkable, if not truly historic, turn. As much as Snyder has achieved with the restructuring of and reinvestment in Detroit, with stronger state finances, reformed corporate taxes and more, his tenure is shaping up to be defined by the Flint Water Crisis and the people affected by it.
And the governor didn't help in a written statement Wednesday, which went longer on its lament for “state employees ... charged over a year ago” and shorter on compassion for the people of Flint affected by the long-running mess.
Now, issuing criminal charges and offering persuasive evidence culminating in convictions are two very different things. And legal experts say there are no guarantees Schuette and his team are likely to prevail in their cases against city and state officials they already have charged.
They're not saying anything Schuette doesn't already know. Even if he doesn't win the convictions he's seeking, the A.G. would win the political calculation: he worked the evidence, pushed hard but fell short in an effort to make the big names pay for their malfeasance.
If that isn't the making of a political talking point in next year's race for governor, it's hard to see what is. While the Snyder wing (and, by implication, Calley) were busy covering their butts, the thinking goes, Schuette was on duty when it counted.
Daniel.Howes@detroitnews.com
(313) 222-2106
Follow Daniel Howes on Twitter @DanielHowes_TDN.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2sr0ZPt
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Imagi International Holdings Ltd :
* ‍COMPANY HAS AGREED TO SELL SALE SHARES OF IMAGINATION HOLDING LIMITED FOR HK$150 MILLION ​
* DEAL TO RECOGNISE A PROFIT OF HK$9.7 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The New England Patriots will once again be thin on the edge, as Trey Flowers has been ruled out for the team's Week 14 game against the Miami Dolphins.
Flowers, defensive back Brandon King and running back Mike Gillislee have been downgraded to out, the team announced Sunday.
#Patriots downgrade DL Trey Flowers, DB Brandon King and RB Mike Gillislee to out for #NEvsMIA. — New England Patriots (@Patriots) December 11, 2017
Flowers missed Week 13 with an ankle injury, and was initially listed as questionable for the game. King was limited throughout the week with a hamstring injury. Gillislee missed practice with an illness on Saturday. He had been a healthy scratch for four consecutive weeks prior.
The Patriots ruled out tackle Marcus Cannon and linebacker Kyle Van No on Saturday. They will also be without Rob Gronkowski, who is serving a one-game suspension.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Patriots Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
While we were so focused on the arrival of Great Britain's royal baby yesterday, we completely overlooked the birth of another little prince in Monaco. Andrea Casiraghi (nephew of Monaco's reigning monarch, Prince Albert, AKA Grace Kelly's son) and his wife Tatiana Santo Domingo welcomed their third child last Thursday, April 19, People confirms. (Previous reports from Hola! said the baby was born on April 21.)
Like Prince William and Kate Middleton, the happy parents welcomed a little boy. His name is Maximilian Rainier—an homage to Prince Rainier III of Monaco (Grace Kelly's husband). People reports he days-old prince is seventh in line for the throne, after his two older siblings, five-year-old Alexander "Sacha" and three-year-old India.
Princess Caroline of Hanover (Andrea's mom), Sacha Casiraghi, Andrea Casiraghi, India Casiraghi, and Tatiana Santo Domingo in 2016 Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Casiraghi, 33, and Santo Domingo, 34, wed in August 2013 and currently live in London. They've kept out of the public eye during this pregnancy, People reports. But they did attend Monaco's National Day in November and were later seen shopping for baby gear near their British home base.
Princess Caroline of Hanover, Andrea's mother (and Grace Kelly's eldest child), and Madame Vera Santo Domingo, Tatiana's mom, have expressed their "joy" over their new grandson in a statement from the palace, People adds.
The Casiraghis at the Monaco Formula 1 Grand Prix in 2017 Getty Images
Casiraghi and Santo Domingo aren't the only ones welcoming a new addition Monaco's royal family. Pierre Casiraghi (Andrea's 30-year-old brother) and his wife Beatrice Borromeo are expecting their second child in May. The two are already parents to one-year-old Stefano.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
There are also rumors that Pierre and Andrea's sister, Charlotte Casiraghi, is pregnant with her first child. She's reportedly tying the knot to her producer boyfriend Dimitri Rassam this year, too.
If this is royal baby season, we are all for it.
Government gives a progress report on the merger of Cayman's Customs and Immigration departments to create its Border Force Agency.
The Premier addressed the merger and the creation of the new border agency last week in the LA.
It was one of two major initiatives he announced last year, the other being the creation of Cayman's Coast Guard.
The Premier said in the coming month's major changes will be seen on the ground at customs and Immigration.
«Over the next six months we will start seeing a single uniform for some staff members and a fully joined up border force should be in place for the start of the 2019 financial year which is January,” said Premier Hon. Alden McLaughlin.
The Premier said staff are already training for the transition and are engaging in joint operations. He also assured the aim is to have both the Coast Guard and Border Force led by Caymanians.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Xander Bogaerts went 2-for-3 with a home run and double in his first rehab game for Triple-A Pawtucket against Toledo today.
He drove both hits the opposite way to right field. He also flied out to right.
He played six innings as shortstop.
Bogaerts also is scheduled to play for Pawtucket again tomorrow weather permitting. The Red Sox likely will activate him from the disabled list Friday when they play at Fenway Park vs. the Rays.
He still could be activated Friday even if rain postpones Pawtucket's game tomorrow.
"As long as he's comfortable with it," Red Sox manager Alex Cora said. "His worry, like I said, is defensively. It's not offense. ... Defensively, there's a lot of stuff that goes (on) out there. You can't do it just taking ground balls. As long as he feels good defensively, we'll be fine with it."
John Fithian, the cinema business' top lobbyist, didn't say the names MoviePass or Screening Room during his annual remarks to exhibitors Tuesday morning. He didn't need to.
Instead of singling out some of the industry's most notorious disruptors, the National Association of Theatre Owners chief talked in broader terms, rejecting the idea that the business he advocates on behalf of needs to fundamentally alter its approach.
“I can't begin to tell you how often reporters have asked me if the movie theater industry is dying,” said Fithian, a 26-year veteran of the business. “Every downturn in admissions is a sign of secular decline, every innovation or improvement is intended to ‘save' the movie theater business.”
His remarks came at CinemaCon, an exhibition industry conference that's unfolding this week in Las Vegas. Fithian took the stage as MoviePass has successfully introduced the concept of low-cost subscriptions to the public, while facing questions about its long-term financial health. He also was addressing an industry that has seen domestic attendance decline in recent years, while box office revenues have been bolstered by higher ticket prices.
“There has been a lot of hype about the next ‘disruption,' he added. “VHS. DVD. Streaming. Shortened windows. PVOD. Subscriptions and simultaneous release. Yet we never die but remain a strong business in the face of disruption everywhere else in the entertainment landscape.”
Fithian used to data to suggest that new forms of media aren't necessarily cannibalizing the old. The NATO chief said the group recently conducted a study with Ernst & Young of over 1,400 people who watched at least one movie in theatres in 2017 and used streaming services like Netflix for at least an hour per week. The research found that 33% of moviegoers who see 9 or more movies a year also spend 15 or more hours every week on streaming platforms.
“People who consume a lot of content do so across multiple platforms,” he said, adding, “The movie industry is not a zero-sum game. The more movie lovers we can create, the better off we all are. And it starts with movie theaters.”
Fithian posited that recent hits that tapped the zeitgeist such as “Black Panther” and “Get Out” wouldn't have been as culturally relevant if they'd debuted on digital platforms and had eschewed a theatrical run.
“Their impact is a direct result of people experiencing them in a communal way,” he said.
WELLINGTON, New Zealand — The Christchurch-based Crusaders can consolidate their place atop the Super Rugby table when they play the Hamilton-based Chiefs in an abbreviated 16th round, before the tournament breaks for June internationals.
The Crusaders moved five points clear in first place when they convincingly beat their closest rival, the Wellington-based Hurricanes, last weekend and have the chance to lengthen that lead and extend their winning streak to 10 games against the fifth-placed Chiefs.
The manner in which the Crusaders beat the Hurricanes, while missing six current All Blacks who were either injured or suspended, has led some commentators to declare it a certainty that the eight-time champions will win the title for the second straight year.
Coach Scott Robertson said the victory of a severely-depleted side over the star-studded Hurricanes "was just a very proud night in the Crusaders history."
"I think the fans weren't sure what to expect and that probably sums it up, the amount of emotion that was shown post-game," Robertson said.
He said the Crusaders are not taking for granted a win on Saturday in what appears an easier match against a Chiefs team heavily hit by injuries.
"The Chiefs have an extremely good scrum," Robertson said. "Given their injuries they have done a great job with the players that have come in for them - as have we, so it will be a great battle."
The Hurricanes must quickly recover from their poor performance against the Crusaders to keep pace with the tournament leaders three rounds from the end of the regular season.
Coach Chris Boyd said any lessons learned from the loss to the Crusaders would not be applicable to the Highlanders, who play a different type of game.
"They kick more than anyone else," Boyd said. "They're very good at strike play. They're quite prepared to say 'well you have the ball and we'll knock you over and you make the mistake and we'll pick it up and score.'"
Moon Jae-in, the presidential candidate of the liberal Democratic Party, vowed Tuesday to provide additional support for the elderly that will include increased monthly allowances and more jobs for people who are past the retirement age but still need to work.
Moon said he will, if elected, provide 300,000 won ($263) in a monthly allowance to each and every person aged 65 years or older.
Moon Jae-in, the presidential candidate of the liberal Democratic Party (Yonhap)
It will mark a great increase from the 100,000 to 200,000 won a month currently offered to the elderly in the lower 70 percent of the income bracket.In a summary of his top 10 election pledges submitted to the election watchdog, Moon had said the ratio of recipients will be maintained at 70 percent.Speaking Tuesday to a group of elder citizens and his supporters in the southwestern city of Jeonju, Moon said the monthly allowances will be offered to all elders.The liberal candidate's nine-point policy pledge for the elderly included additional jobs with increased wages for the elderly.Moon said he will double the monthly wage for public jobs reserved for the elderly as part of a social welfare program to 400,000 won a month from the current 200,000 won.The presidential front-runner earlier said he would double the number of such jobs to 800,000 from the current 430,000.Moon said his government will also enhance health care for the growing elderly population who are expected to account for 14 percent of the country's 51 million population at the end of this year.Currently, about 700,000, or one in every 10, people aged 65 years or older suffer from dementia, he noted.Moon promised to extend health care benefits to those suffering from the disorder and also put a ceiling on out-of-pocket payments, which he said will greatly reduce the cost of patients and their families.The government will also lower the personal cost of dentures and dental implants for the elderly by nearly half, Moon said.For those who live in remote or rural areas without easy access to public transportation, the presidential hopeful promised to introduce new government-backed taxi services that will charge the elderly only 100 won, or about 10 cents, per trip. (Yonhap)
ENGLEWOOD, Colo. (AP) — Denver Broncos coach Gary Kubiak stepped down from his dream job on Monday because of health concerns, saying “the demands of the job are no longer a good fit for me.”
Kubiak missed a week of work in October after suffering a complex migraine, his second health scare in three years.
Kubiak went 24-11, including a victory in Super Bowl 50, but a 9-7 finish this season kept the Broncos out of the playoffs.
General manager John Elway said he was saddened and disappointed in Kubiak's resignation, “but I understand and respect Gary for doing what's right for him and his family.”
Advertisement
Elway now embarks on his third head coaching search in his six seasons as Broncos GM.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
BOSTON -- Agent Brodie Van Wagenen, co-head of CAA Baseball, released a statement today suggesting MLB players could be headed for a strike if things don't change in free agency.
Players and owners agreed to a new Collective Bargaining Agreement in December 2016. It doesn't expire until 2021.
"Bottom line, the players are upset," he wrote, in a message that he posted on Twitter. "No, they are outraged. Players in the midst of long-term contracts are as frustrated as those still seeking employment. Their voices are getting louder and they are uniting in a way not seen since 1994."
MLB's last work stoppage happened in 1994.
More than 100 free agents, including top free agents Yu Darvish, Jake Arrieta, Eric Hosmer, Mike Moustakas and J.D. Martinez, remain unsigned.
CAA represents some high-profile stars, including Noah Syndergaard, Adam Jones and free agent Todd Frazier.
MLB free agency was discussed at the quarterly owners meeting this week.
"It's important that both sides are in constant communication," Red Sox president Sam Kennedy said today at the Hot Stove Hardball Discussion at Hotel Commonwealth. "And agents are in communications with the clubs and vice versa. But I don't think our fans want to hear about any type of labor issues from management's side or the players' side. So communication is the key here."
The lack of activity has resulted in ticket sales being down "a few percentages," Kennedy said.
"You'd like to have a busy offseason, hot stove season, but I've said it before: what really matters is how you construct the team for success in the postseason," Kennedy said. "So you'll see a little bit of a bump or a lift in the December-January time period when they make a deal for like Chris Sale, for example. But if you're not competitive throughout the course of the year that's what really hurts business. So we need to be competitive all year long. I learned from Larry Lucchino, don't celebrate winning the offseason. Celebrate in October."
Say hello to the Vancouver Airport's new assistance pups
What's better than a golden retriever puppy?
The Vancouver International Airport has three brand-new golden retriever puppies ready to be trained in partnership with Pacific Assistance Dog Society.
“We support programs and organizations that focus on advancements in inclusivity, universal access and access to opportunity,” said YVR community relations manager Kim Halowski. “That's why we are proud to support Pacific Assistance Dogs Society and the work they do to remove barriers and give persons living with disabilities independence.”
But first, the trio needs to be named. There are one female and two males, and YVR wants your help.
Tweet your best YVR-themed puppy names using #YVRPADSPUPS and the airport will put the best names to a vote next week.
The Met Office has issued a yellow status weather warning of ice for Northern Ireland.
The warning was issued shortly before 10am on Monday and is valid from 4.00pm on Monday through to 11:00am on Tuesday.
"Ice is expected to form across Northern Ireland on Monday evening with icy surfaces expected, lasting into Tuesday morning," reads the warning on the Met Office website.
"Some injuries are likely from slips and falls on icy surfaces and icy patches will form on some untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths."
More to follow.
Caitlyn Jenner can't imagine ever having sex with a woman again.
The 67-year-old transitioned from her former identity of Bruce Jenner to Caitlyn in 2015, and insisted at the time that despite deciding to live her life as a woman, she remained entirely heterosexual, adding: “I've never been with a guy.”
However, an excerpt from Caitlyn's upcoming memoir The Secrets of My Life, sees the reality star address her sexual preferences, and admit she's unsure what her future holds when it comes to who she shares her bedroom with.
“Of the most important things in my life, sex is beyond the bottom; it has been that way for a long time,” Caitlyn writes in the passage. “A future female companion? Yes, I do think about that. A future female sex companion? Not happening, at least for now, and perhaps not ever.”
A former passage from the tome saw Caitlyn admit that she had undergone gender reassignment surgery in January, but the new section was apparently written before she had the operation.
She continues to explain that while she has yet to feel sexually attracted towards a man, that could change after her procedure.
“Maybe removing the last physical appendage of my maleness... will make me feel differently,” she muses.
The Am Cait star's remarks come after her interview with Diane Sawyer in 2015, in which she discussed her decision to transition into Caitlyn and described herself as “asexual” when asked how the change would affect her sex life.
“There are two different things here,” she explained. “Sexuality is who you personally are attracted to - who turns you on - male or female. But gender identity has to do with who you are as a person and your soul, and who you identify with inside, OK?”
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):Pakistan's Ambassador to the United States, Aizaz Ahmad Chaudhry on Monday said there was no safe haven for terrorists in Pakistan and the government was focusing on securing borders with Afghanistan.
Terrorists were using the Afghan soil for creating unrest in Pakistan, he said this while talking to a private news channel.
He said out of the last 128 terrorist incidents in Pakistan, 125 had links with the Afghanistan areas. According to US report, more than 43 per cent area was not in control of Afghan government, adding that Haqqani and Taliban were using those areas for their objectives, he added.
The Ambassador said Pakistan was focusing to secure its borders with Afghanistan and expect the same from Afghanistan.
ITHACA, N.Y.—In a time of fear and uncertainty, college campuses and cities across the U.S. are vowing to fight back if president-elect Donald Trump tries to deport students and law-abiding community members who lack legal status.At Cornell University, in Ithaca, N.Y., more than 2,000 students and professors signed a petition asking the university to join other institutions and declare itself a sanctuary, or safe haven, for undocumented students.“I am frightened,” said one literature student, who asked not to be identified for fear she could be deported. “But I am also encouraged to see people mobilizing and organizing and preparing for Trump to carry out his threat to deport millions of illegals.”As many as 740,000 children and teenagers — including this woman in her 20s — were given temporary amnesty four years ago when President Barack Obama passed the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA).Now these “DREAMers” — named after an earlier version of the act which was not passed — fear they, or their parents, will be targeted if they come out of the shadows. Article Continued Below“My parents brought me from Mexico to Los Angeles when I was 8. They worked hard and paid taxes and put me and my two siblings through college,” said the Cornell student, who attended a recent campus rally. “I registered in DACA, and gave authorities my fingerprints. The threat is serious now that I could be deported. It is stressful not knowing when this could happen.”Trump, who takes office Jan. 20, has said that during his first 100 days he plans to “cancel every unconstitutional executive action, memorandum and order issued by President Obama.” The president-elect has not listed the specific actions he plans to cancel to back up his hyperbole, but his campaign website singled out the amnesty law, which was passed by executive action in 2012. DACA granted applicants who arrived in the U.S. before their 16th birthday, and who have lived there continuously since 2007, a chance to legally get a job with a two-year guarantee they would not be deported. It was never designed to be a permanent solution, rather to buy time until other immigration reforms could be passed.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
The craft will help Dubai achieve its goals of one in four journeys to be taken by driverless, autonomous transport by 2030, said Mattar Al Tayer, the RTA's director-general and chairman of the Board.
Unveiled at the World Government Summit in Dubai, “the aircraft is a real version that we have already experimented the vehicle in a flight in the Dubai sky,” Al Tayer said. “The RTA is making every effort to start the operation of the [AAV] in July 2017,” he added. EHANG184 has been designed and made along “the highest levels of security,” the RTA chief added. If any propeller fails, the remaining seven can help complete the flight and land smoothly. The AAV is fitted with numerous basic systems all in operation at the same time, while all work independently. Weather-resistant “In case of any malfunctioning in one of these systems, the standby system would be capable of controlling and safely steering the [aircraft] to the programmed landing point,” said Al Tayer. The aircraft is designed to fly for maximum 30 minutes at a maximum cruising speed of 160 kilometres per hour, with a standard speed of 100 kilometres per hour. It can take off at speeds of 6 metres per second and land at 4 metres per second. The AAV measures 3.9 metre in length, 4.02 metre in width and 1.60 metre in height. It weighs about 250kg and 360kg with a passenger. The maximum cruising height is 3,000 feet and the battery charging time is 1 to 2 hours, and can operate under all climatic conditions apart from thunderstorms. Fitted with highly accurate sensors, the aircraft has a very low-error threshold and can resist vibrations and extreme temperatures. “Dubai Civil Aviation Authority was a partner in our trials defining the safety criteria required, issuing the permits for trial and inspecting the vehicle,” said Al Tayer. UAE telecoms giant Etisalat provides the 4G data network used in communication between the AAV and the ground control centre. More from Transport Musk discusses Tesla technology with DP World
Get ready for Tesla taxis in Dubai
200 Teslas to join Dubai Taxi fleet
Emirates transports tonnes of flowers
MADRID (Reuters) - A woman was being held prisoner inside the Mali consulate in Barcelona on Monday and regional Catalan police surrounded the building as they sought to negotiate with a man detaining her.
Catalan police had established the identity of the man who was originally from Mali, a police spokeswoman said.
Neither the embassy of Mali in Madrid nor its consulate in Barcelona was immediately available to comment. Spain's leading newspaper El Pais said the woman being held was the wife of the honorary consul of Mali.
The spokeswoman said the police had surrounded the building and cordoned off an area in central Barcelona. She could not provide further details on the incident.
Special forces of the national police had also been deployed to the area, the regional police said in a tweet.
On Wednesday night ABC will be airing the CMA Music Festival, Nashville's paean to the boot-scootin, honky-tonkin, hoedown throwdown music that the Grand Ole Opry helped build.
As part of the celebrations, some of country music's rising and established stars are going to be streaming in 360 video on YouTube — airing select songs from their performance as if you were there.
As far as modern country goes, the songs aren't terrible (it's modern country so don't ask for much).
The Cole Swindley song “Flatliner” (featuring Dierks Bentley) wouldn't have been missed on a middling Poison album (because every record has its thorn) and Brett Eldredge's “Somethin' I'm Good At” is good at being inoffensive country pop (as an old Southerner, I like my country music gnarled and ancient like Willie Nelson or Hank Williams).
The 360 video features only work on YouTube in the desktop or mobile version, so don't expect to be able to see it in the embedded videos below.
At best, watching the videos in 360 gives you a sense of the scope and scale of a live performance in a way that somewhat approaches the euphoria an artist must feel in looking out into a crowd of thousands. At worst, with poor direction, a viewer can end up spending a lot of time staring at the armpits of a sea of upraised arms.
Luckily, in both videos directors spend most of their time on the wide shots.
Still, 360 video suffers from the simple fact that it's not as immersive as virtual reality, and the distance between the two is a gulf that's too far to bridge (even in VR live events lack the… vitality… of an actual live event). It may be the next best thing to the next best thing to being there, but if a fan can, it's probably still better to go there.
Obligatory stuff here: The ABC event airs from 8-11 on ABC on Wednesday the 16th. It's going to be hosted by Thomas Rhett and Kelsea Ballerini and will feature 28 performances from a who's who of country music's hottest stars.
Filmed earlier this summer during CMA Music Festival the event features Dierks Bentley, Garth Brooks, Brothers Osborne, Luke Bryan, Eric Church, Lady Antebellum, Miranda Lambert, Little Big Town.
Featured Image: ABC Networks/ABC Networks
At least three compartments of Pooja Superfast Express derailed in Rajasthan's Phulera town on Wednesday afternoon.
No casualties have been reported so far. The train regularly travels from Ajmer to Jammu Tawi in Jammu and Kashmir.
The Railways have started the restoration work. Further details are awaited.
The latest incident of the derailment comes a day after part of a Gokhale Bridge collapsed in Mumbai's Andheri West during the early morning hours on Tuesday, injuring two people.
The bridge that connects Andheri East and Andheri West collapsed on the tracks near Andheri station. Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis, taking stock of the situation, spoke to the Mumbai Commissioner of Police Subodh Jaiswal and asked him to ensure smooth traffic movement. He also asked the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) commissioner to increase the frequency of BEST buses for the convenience of commuters. On June 24, at least eight coaches and an engine of a goods train derailed in Chhattisgarh's Dantewada district. The train coaches fell off a bridge after derailment between Bhansi and Kamalur area. (ANI)
ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - The Pakistani opposition party led by former cricket star Imran Khan is gaining ground in opinion polls ahead of a July 25 general election, with one survey showing it pulling ahead of the ruling party and another showing it only slightly behind.
Imran Khan, chairman of the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI), gestures while addressing his supporters during a campaign meeting ahead of general elections in Karachi, Pakistan, July 4, 2018. REUTERS/Akhtar Soomro
A survey by Pulse Consultant showed Khan's Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI, or Pakistan Justice Movement) ahead with the support of 30 percent of respondents nationwide, compared to 27 percent for its main rival, the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N). The Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) was at 17 percent.
A separate nationwide poll by Gallup Pakistan had PML-N on top with 26 percent, PTI with 25 percent and the PPP at 16 percent.
Both polls were commissioned by Pakistan's Jang Media Group and were published on Wednesday in its affiliated newspaper, The News. They each surveyed about 3,000 people, with a margin of error of 1.6 percent for the Pulse survey and 2-3 percent for Gallup.
The new polls indicate a swing towards Khan's party compared to similar nationwide polls in 2017, which put the PML-N 8-9 percentage points ahead of PTI.
Imran Khan (2nd R), chairman of the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) political party, gestures to clear the way among supporters during a campaign meeting ahead of general elections in Karachi, Pakistan, July 4, 2018. REUTERS/Akhtar Soomro
Khan's political fortunes have improved since PML-N leader Nawaz Sharif was removed as prime minister by the Supreme Court last year over undeclared assets.
Sharif, who was disqualified from politics for life, now faces a verdict in an anti-corruption court on Friday along with his daughter Maryam, who is running for parliament. The case, which concerns the purchase of luxury apartments in London, could see Sharif jailed and Maryam disqualified.
Sharif requested on Wednesday that the authorities delay the verdict until he returns to Pakistan from London, where he is taking care of his ailing wife. He said he would be back as soon as his wife's condition improves.
“I want to hear that decision in person standing in the courtroom,” he told a press conference in London televised live by Pakistani TV channels.
Asked if he would go back home regardless of the outcome in the case, Sharif said: “If it comes in my favour, or, God forbid, it comes against me, I will go back.”
Sharif has accused the military and courts conspiring to oust him and using legal cases and intimidation to help Khan's PTI party, accusations denied by Khan, the army and the judiciary.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Khan, a former cricket captain of Pakistan, has portrayed the legal cases as a long-overdue corruption crackdown on the PML-N, which he has labelled a graft-ridden “mafia”.
Buy Photo File (Photo: The Detroit News)Buy Photo
Two men have been arrested after one of them fired at Detroit Police officers following a traffic stop Thursday night, officials said.
Police are not releasing their identities until they are formally charged.
Officer Dan Donakowski said the incident happened at about 11:05 p.m. Thursday in the area of Evergreen Road and Belton Street, which is about a block north of Tireman Avenue.
He said officers conducted a traffic stop on a 2005 Ford Escape that had no license plate.
When the driver pulled over, the front-seat passenger got out of the vehicle and fled on foot, Donakowski said.
Police chased the man, who was armed and turned in their direction and fired two shots at them, according to police. The bullets didn't hit the officers, who apprehended the suspect, a 17-year-old male.
Meanwhile, officers arrested the vehicle's driver without incident. Police said the 21-year-old man was operating the vehicle without a driver's license.
cramirez@detroitnews.com
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2ks41Ro
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Nmdc Ltd:
* SAYS LUMP ORE PRICE FIXED AT 3100 RUPEES/TON ON FEB 1
* SAYS PRICES OF FINES FIXED AT 2760 RUPEES PER TON W.E.F. FEB 1 Source text: bit.ly/2nr2pGI Further company coverage:
3449 Elaine Place, #310
732 West Aldine Ave.
740 West Addison St., #E1
Curious just how far your dollar goes in Boystown?We've rounded up the latest rental offerings via rental site Zumper to get a sense of what to expect when it comes to hunting down an apartment in this Chicago neighborhood if you've got a budget of $1,300 / month.Take a peek at what rentals the neighborhood has to offer, below.Listed at $1,300 / month, this 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom apartment is located at 3449 Elaine Place. In the apartment, you can expect hardwood floors, high ceilings, a dishwasher, a walk-in closet and floor-to-ceiling windows.When it comes to building amenities, anticipate on-site laundry, an elevator, storage space and secured entry. Hairball alert: cats are permitted. (Take a look at the complete listing here .)Next, there's this studio apartment situated at 732 West Aldine Ave. It's also listed for $1,300 / month. In the unit, there are hardwood floors, a dishwasher, on-site laundry, stainless steel appliances and granite countertops. Small dogs are allowed. (See the complete listing here .)Located at 740 West Addison St., here's a 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom apartment that's listed for $1,295/ month. In the unit, you can expect hardwood floors, a dishwasher, high ceilings, on-site laundry, granite countertops and stainless steel appliances.Good news for pet owners: cats and dogs are welcome. (Take a gander at the complete listing here .)---
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Bt Group:
* CFO SAYS WOULDN‘T EXPECT BIG CHANGES TO ANALYST CAPEX EXPECTATIONS AFTER BIGGER FTTP PLAN
* CEO SAYS NOT GOING AFTER VOLUME IN TV, GOING AFTER VALUE
* CEO SAYS APPLE WATCH HAS TAKEN OFF IN THE LAST QUARTER
* CEO SAYS ITS TV SERVICE CANSURVIVE WITHOUT PREMIER LEAGUE, ‘IT IS ONE OF A BROAD SET OF RIGHTS' Further company coverage: (Reporting By London Bureau)
BARCELONA (Reuters) - La Liga leaders Barcelona will be without their captain Andres Iniesta for Sunday's trip to Villarreal after the midfielder failed to recover from a muscle strain.
Soccer Football - La Liga Santander - FC Barcelona vs Celta Vigo - Camp Nou, Barcelona, Spain - December 2, 2017 Barcelona's Andres Iniesta applauds the fans after he is substituted REUTERS/Albert Gea
Barça are also missing central defenders Samuel Umtiti and Javier Mascherano, meaning Thomas Vermaelen is likely to make his second Liga start of the campaign as the Catalans eye a first win in three games following draws with Valencia and Celta Vigo.
Villarreal have had inconsistent results this season, which led to them sacking coach Fran Escriba in September. They won four of their first five games under his successor Javi Calleja but have drawn one and lost two of their last three.
Calleja's side have six players out injured, including Colombia striker Carlos Bacca and key forward Samu Castillejo.
“We have to take into account what they will do to solve their injury problems but I‘m sure they will try and play as they always do and will want the ball and try to put us under pressure,” Barça coach Valverde told a news conference on Saturday.
“I‘m sure they'll try and play that way against us too even though they might take one or two precautions.”
Barça have not won in their last two league visits to Villarreal and only escaped with a 1-1 draw last season thanks to a free-kick strike from Lionel Messi in stoppage-time.
* U.S. dollar rises after jobs data, pares gains later
* Euro falls against greenback
* Yen inversely tracks with U.S. bond yields (Updates prices, market activity, adds commentary)
By Stephanie Kelly
NEW YORK, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The U.S. dollar rose on Friday against a number of currencies including the Japanese yen and the euro after strong national jobs data, but the greenback later pared gains and investors were not convinced advances would last past the day.
U.S. job growth surged in January and wages increased further, recording their largest annual gain in more than 8-1/2 years.
Nonfarm payrolls jumped by 200,000 jobs last month after rising 160,000 in December, the Labor Department said.
The data contributed to the sentiment that inflation is picking up and higher interest rates are on the horizon, said Jeff Kravetz, regional investment director at U.S. Bank Wealth Management in Scottsdale, Arizona.
As a result, the U.S. bond market and the stock market began selling off on Friday, he said.
“Under these circumstances, the U.S. dollar is really the safe bet,” he said. “But as things adjust and people get used to notion of higher rates, we might see a return back to modest U.S. dollar weakness, and that's really due to an improving economic profile overseas.”
The dollar index, tracking the unit against a basket of major currencies, was up 0.58 percent at 89.185 at 2:55 p.m. EST (1955 GMT). On the day, the greenback scored its best daily performance since Oct. 26.
Against the yen, the dollar reached its highest since Jan. 23, and was last up 0.79 percent at 110.25.
The yen has correlated inversely with U.S. Treasuries. The 10-year yield hit a four-year high on the day and last edged to 2.8506 percent, while the 30-year rose to 3.0961 percent.
After the jobs data, the euro fell against the dollar. While it pared losses during the day, it did not make up its decline and last fell 0.46 percent to $1.2451.
Investors, however, were optimistic about the single currency's overall performance.
“The euro has a lot more room to the upside,” said Richard Scalone, co-head of FX at TJM Brokerage in Boca Raton, Florida.
The euro zone's economic revival and expectations of monetary tightening have made the euro more attractive for investors, while strong global growth around the world has encouraged investors to move cash out of the U.S. dollar.
A survey showed on Thursday that euro zone manufacturing continued to boom last month, bolstering a view that the European Central Bank is on track to normalize monetary policy.
Sterling was at $1.4128, down 0.95 percent on the day.
House Speaker Welcomes Resignation Of National Security Adviser Flynn
House Speaker Paul Ryan welcomed the resignation of national security adviser Michael Flynn, but many lawmakers have unanswered questions about contacts between the Trump team and Russia.
South Korean winger Son Heung-min has made his Premier League season debut with Tottenham Hotspur after recovering from an arm fracture, much to the relief of the national team brass ahead of key World Cup qualifiers.
Son came off the bench to replace Moussa Sissoko in the second half of the away match against Newcastle United on Sunday. Son didn't score in the Spurs' 2-0 victory, while playing with a compression bandage on his right arm.
Son fractured the right forearm in a fall during a World Cup qualifier against Qatar two months ago. The diagnosis at the time was Son would miss between eight to 12 weeks of action, which put his availability for South Korea's final two World Cup qualifying matches -- against Iran on Aug. 31 and Uzbekistan on Sept. 5 in doubt.
But Son squelched doubts by playing just over 30 minutes in the first game of the Premier League season.
Son Heung-min of Tottenham Hotspur (C) congratulates Dele Alli (L) on his goal against Newcastle United in the teams` English Premier League match at St James` Park in Newcastle on Aug. 13, 2017. (EPA-Yonhap)
South Korea head coach Shin Tae-yong said last week he'd name Son to his team regardless of his actual ability to play, since his presence alone can have a positive impact on the squad. The national team will be unveiled later Monday.The dynamic winger is coming off his most successful European season to date, having scored a career-best 21 goals in all competitions and earned the Premier League's Player of the Month honors twice.South Korea will need all the offensive help they can get. They are seeking their ninth consecutive World Cup appearance in Russia next year but are just holding on to the last automatic berth in Group A of the final Asian qualifying round.Iran have already clinched a spot in Group A with 20 points. South Korea is in second place with 13 points, only one above Uzbekistan with two games to play. (Yonhap)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Steinhoff International Holdings Nv :
* UPDATE ON WAIVER PROPOSALS AND COMMITMENT NOT TO DECLARE OR PAY DIVIDENDS ON OR PRIOR TO 30 JUNE 2018
* ‍WILL SHORTLY BE RECOMMENDING WAIVERS OF CERTAIN POSSIBLE DEFAULTS UNDER CERTAIN OF GROUP‘S EXISTING EUROPEAN HOLDING COMPANIES' FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS​
* ‍CONFIDENT THAT IT WILL RECEIVE SUFFICIENT SUPPORT FROM ITS FINANCE PROVIDERS TO OBTAIN THESE LIMITED WAIVER​
* ‍CO IS LIKELY TO VOLUNTARILY AGREE NOT TO DECLARE, MAKE OR PAY ANY DIVIDEND FOR AN INTERIM PERIOD TO 30 JUNE 2018​
* ‍PURPOSE OF WAIVER PROPOSALS IS TO CONTINUE TO CREATE A WINDOW OF STABILITY UNTIL 30 JUNE 2018 FOR GROUP​
* ‍WHILE CO CONFIDENT IT WILL RECEIVE SUFFICIENT SUPPORT FROM FINANCE PROVIDERS TO OBTAIN THESE WAIVERS, THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
GUILFORD, Conn. (WTNH)–The father of 15-year-old Ethan Song fought through unbridled anguish Friday night at a vigil in the boy's memory.
“It is as dark an hour for us as we could be,” said Mike Song. “We are overwhelmed. We have been on our knees for 48-hours.”
Hundreds of friends and classmates attended the vigil on the Guilford Green.
The younger song was shot to death Wednesday afternoon at the home of another teen boy. The circumstances remain under investigation, but just for this moment, none of that was on the minds of those in attendance to mourn his loss.
“His smile and humor was contagious,” one friend said.
“He was adventurous and smart and kind of dork,” said another boy.
They all braved bitter cold and unspeakable heartbreak to honor a young life loss too soon. And they coined a new phrase, “Song strong!”
We're going to be all about the '90s no matter how much time passes, and we're for sure about these super badass Nickelodeon girls. There's just something about feeling your baby queer bloom for the first time as you wonder if it's a girl crush, or a girl crush. Here are some of our faves.
And if you're still interested in some more good 'ol childhood nostalgia, check out some Disney Channel hunks who also made our hearts throb here.
With the start of summer comes a refresh of movies and TV on Netflix, and some classic films are leaving the streamer throughout the month of June.
On June 1, fan-favorite flicks “50 First Dates,” “8 Mile,” and “Men in Black,” will be removed, and later in the month Netflix will also lose “Captain America: Civil War,” six seasons of “Baby Daddy,” and the 1974 adaptation of “The Great Gatsby.”
Check out the full list of titles leaving Netflix below:
June 1
50 First Dates
8 Mile
Gridiron Gang
J. Edgar
Men in Black
My Left Foot
Neerja
Out of the Dark
Princess Kaiulani
The Angry Birds Movie
The Brothers Grimm
The Spy Next Door
The Young Victoria
Training Day
Untraceable
Vice
What Our Fathers Did: A Nazi Legacy
While You Were Sleeping
June 3
Shark Men: Season 3
June 8
Grace of Monaco
June 9
The Trials of Muhammad Ali
June 10
Bonnie & Clyde
June 15
Drillbit Taylor
Naz & Maalik
The Giver
The Great Gatsby
Underdogs
June 16
Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown: Seasons 1-8
Backstreet Boys: Show ‘Em What You're Made Of
Curious George
Super
June 18
Cedar Cove: Seasons 1-3
June 20
Cake
June 21
Baby Daddy: Seasons 1-6
June 22
Sin City: A Dame to Kill For
June 23
Curious George 3: Back to the Jungle
June 25
Marvel Studios' Captain America: Civil War
June 26
Alpha and Omega
June 29
Bad Grandpa .5
June 30
On Golden Pond
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Prince George and sister Charlotte are being brought up to talk about their feelings, dad William has said.
William, 34, spoke out alongside wife Kate and brother Harry as part of their mental health campaign.
It comes as Harry, 32, revealed he needed counselling after 20 years of burying his grief over the death of mother Princess Diana in 1997, when he was just 12 years old.
Harry revealed it was William, 34, who encouraged him to finally seek help.
William is clear that openness and talking through problems is a very important aspect of mental health – and something he and wife Kate are determined to encourage in their children.
He said: “Catherine and I are clear that we want both George and Charlotte to grow up feeling able to talk about their emotions and feelings.”
(Photo: Getty)
(Photo: Reuters)
William, Kate and Harry have joined forces on their Heads Together campaign which encourages people to talk.
William said he was inspired to help combat the stigma surrounding mental health as he dealt with tragic suicide cases while working as an air ambulance pilot in East Anglia.
“My first call-out was to a male suicide,” he said. “And I was told there were five suicides or attempted suicides every day in East Anglia alone.”
Harry told how his own problems came to the fore in his late 20s.
He said: “Losing my mum at the age of 12, and therefore shutting down all of my emotions for the last 20 years, has had a quite serious effect on not only my personal life but my work as well.
“I've probably been very close to a complete breakdown on numerous occasions when all sorts of grief and sort of lies and misconceptions and everything are coming to you from every angle.
“My way of dealing with it was sticking my head in the sand, refusing to ever think about my mum, because why would that help? It's only going to make you sad, it's not going to bring her back.
“So from an emotional side, I was like ‘Right, don't ever let your emotions be part of anything'.”
After several years of suppressing his emotions they threatened to overwhelm him, and he went through two years of “total chaos”.
That was when, with William's encouragement, he went to see a “shrink” several times.
“(I) started to have a few conversations and actually all of a sudden, all of this grief that I have never processed started to come to the forefront and I was like, there is actually a lot of stuff here that I need to deal with,” he said.
He also took up boxing to help deal with aggression after feeling he was “on the verge of punching someone”.
Harry, who is fifth in line to the throne, described at times facing anxiety during royal engagements but said he was now in a “good place”.
He served in the Army for 10 years, including two stints in Afghanistan, but said he was fortunate that he had not had any experiences in the army that had affected him.
Harry, whose charity work includes supporting wounded soldiers, said that getting help had meant he could devote himself to causes he believes in.
“Because of the process I have been through over the past two-and-a-half years, I've now been able to take my work seriously, been able to take my private life seriously as well, and been able to put blood, sweat and tears into the things that really make a difference and things that I think will make a difference to everybody else,” he said.
(Photo: WireImage)
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: REUTERS)
Sue Baker, director of Time to Change, praised Harry saying: “Prince Harry sharing his experiences of mental health issues and the counselling he sought as a result of losing his mother will have helped change attitudes, not just at home but also overseas.
She said speaking out about mental health “helps to overturn generations of stigma by shifting outdated attitudes and challenging discrimination”.
Following his decision to speak out Prince Harry was praised by the Prime Minister Theresa May and a number of MPs shared their own experiences of dealing with grief on Twitter.
Chuka Umunna MP wrote: “Big big respect to Prince Harry for opening up about his mental health and grief.
“Losing a parent so young is v.tough. I lost my Dad at 13 -doing so in the public eye wld have been harder still”.
John Woodcock wrote of his experiences: “Prince Harry opening up about the way he processed his grief will help a lot of people.
“My chaos and madness after losing my sister kicked in straight away. Grateful people stuck with me. Well done Harry for talking about this.”
John Nicholson MP said: “Good for Prince Harry. Having lost my dad as a young teenager I can relate to what he says about locking away grief. #mentalhealth”.
Matt Warman MP said: “My parents died when I was 28 - Prince Harry has done a huge service to all of us who struggled to deal with loss.”
Prince Harry, Prince William and Kate Middleton started Heads Together to bring together a number of mental health charities which deal with issues which are close to The Duke and Duchess and Prince Harry's passions. .
This includes CALM (The Campaign Against Living Miserably) which works to end the stigma surrounding men's mental health.
Prince William and Harry spoke to the charity's CALMzine, a grassroots magazine, for their marathon edition.
Heads Together, which is the official charity of Sunday's London Marathon are Anna Freud National Centre for Children and Families, Best Beginnings, Contact (a military mental health coalition), Mind, Place2Be, The Mix and YoungMinds.
With their Heads Together campaign, the princes are following in their late mother's charitable footsteps.
Diana helped tackle the stigma surrounding people who were HIV positive at a time when society was terrified of the condition.
She once said: “Nothing brings me more happiness than trying to help the most vulnerable people in society.
“It is a goal and an essential part of my life – a kind of destiny. Whoever is in distress can call on me. I will come running wherever they are.”
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — A Kansas Senate committee has advanced a budget-balancing proposal from Democrats to raise $1.2 billion over two years by increasing income taxes.
The Assessment and Taxation Committee on Tuesday forwarded a bill to the Senate that contains the plan. But the Republican-controlled panel specifically did not endorse the measure in its voice vote.
Majority Leader and Overland Park Republican Jim Denning said the Senate would debate tax issues Thursday.
The bill ends an income tax exemption for more than 330,000 farmers and business owners and restores a third tax bracket eliminated in 2012. It sets the top rate at 6.45 percent instead of the current 4.6 percent.
The committee refused to advance a plan from Republican Gov. Sam Brownback to boost cigarette and liquor taxes and business filing fees.
A 32-year-old Berwick man was arrested Thursday in connection with a September burglary in Morgan City, Police Chief James Blair said in a news release.
—Franklin D. Pearce III, 32, of River Road in Berwick, was arrested at 5:19 p.m. Thursday on warrants charging him with simple burglary, accessory after the fact to simple burglary and possession of stolen things.
Pearce was located at a Duke Street home in Morgan City and arrested on warrants. The warrants stem from a September investigation of a burglary of a business where Pearce is alleged to have stolen items from the business, Blair said. Pearce was jailed.
Blair reported responding to 36 calls and reported the following arrests:
—Patricia Savoie, 46, of Fourth Street in Morgan City, was arrested at 9:21 p.m. Thursday on a warrant charging her with telephone harassment. Officers located Savoie on Victor II Boulevard and found a warrant for her arrest. Savoie was jailed.
—Clarence Francois, 50, of Barrow Street in Morgan City, was arrested at 10:45 a.m. Thursday on a warrant charging him with failure to appear.
Francois was transported from Patterson Police Department to the Morgan City Police Department on a city court warrant. Francois was jailed.
—Kayla M. Francise, 19, of Keith Street in Morgan City, was arrested at 4:20 p.m. Thursday on a warrant charging her with contempt of court. Francise was arrested in city court and jailed.
—Tommy D. Morgan, 28, of Belanger Street in Morgan City, was arrested at 4:05 p.m. Thursday on warrants charging him with falsification of drug test, failure to appear for restitution and probation violation.
Morgan was arrested in city court on a police warrant. The warrant stems from a September incident where Morgan allegedly attempted to falsify a drug test. Morgan also held active warrants for the 6th Ward City Court. Morgan was jailed.
—Julio C. Perez, 35, of Lenny's Lane in Morgan City, was arrested at 12:08 a.m. Friday on charges of DWI, no driver's license and improper lane usage.
An officer in the area of La. 182 near Pecos Street observed a vehicle swerving in the roadway. A traffic stop was conducted and the driver, Perez, appeared intoxicated, Blair said.
Perez performed poorly on a field sobriety test and registered 0.110 grams-percent blood alcohol content on a chemical test, Blair said. Perez was jailed.
—Trey D. Elliott, 27, of Benton, was arrested at 2:06 a.m. Friday on charges of DWI second offense, possession of alcoholic beverage in a motor vehicle and improper lane usage.
A patrol officer in the area of La. 182 near Roderick Street observed a vehicle cross the center line of the roadway several times. A traffic stop was conducted and the driver was identified as Elliot.
Elliot appeared intoxicated and refused to take a field sobriety test, Blair said. He also refused a chemical test for intoxication, Blair said. Elliot was then jailed.
St. Mary Parish Sheriff Mark Hebert reported responding to 44 complaints and reported the following arrest:
—Wayne Demarco Jr., 28, of Marin Lane in Patterson, was arrested at 1:02 p.m. Thursday on a warrant for failure to appear on a charge of possession of marijuana.
A St. Mary Parish Law Enforcement Center corrections officer learned that Demarco held an active warrant, while booking him in on charges for another agency. Bail is set at $11,500.
Berwick Police Chief James Richard reported the following arrests:
—Koby Blair, 19, of Marcel Drive in Morgan City, was arrested at 5:05 p.m. Thursday on a charge of careless operation of a motor vehicle. He posted $1,500 bail.
—Leeann Jones, 31, of Jones Street in Berwick, was arrested at 9:02 p.m. Thursday on a warrant charging her with possession of drug paraphernalia. She was awaiting bail to be set.
Assumption Parish Sheriff Leland Falcon reported the following arrest relating to the Tri-City area:
—Thomas Wayne Hughes, 29, of Vivian Street in Bayou L'Ourse, was arrested Thursday on charges of possession of methamphetamine, possession of
drug paraphernalia, resisting an officer and a warrant charging him with failure to appear.
Deputies arrived at a Bayou L'Ourse home and noticed Hughes mowing grass. Deputies were attempting to arrest Hughes on a failure to appear warrant,
Falcon said. As deputies approached Hughes, he began to run, Falcon said.
A deputy was able to subdue Hughes, and following his arrest, deputies noted the seizure of methamphetamine and assorted drug paraphernalia, Falcon said.
Hughes was arrested and transported to the Assumption Parish Detention Center.
Hughes, at the time of Thursday's arrest, was out on bail for a June 29, 2016 arrest on charges of obstructing public passages, possession of narcotics and resisting arrest.
Hughes remains incarcerated pending a bail hearing.
Patterson Police Chief Patrick LaSalle reported no arrests.
President Donald Trump walks with Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar as they arrive for the White House Sports and Fitness Day event on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Susan Walsh AP Photo
Follow Joel Add to circle
2018 Dodge Durango SRT Enlarge Photo
We slid behind the wheel of the 2018 Dodge Durango SRT for a week and found it to be a modern hot-rod station wagon with a lift kit. The Durango's 475-horsepower Hemi V-8 belts out a thunderous roar, and the tires are so wide that they stick out from the rockers. All this, and three rows of seats to haul the kids to soccer practice.
Bugatti set a world record with Chiron running from 0-248-0 mph in just 42 seconds, but Koenigsegg said, "Hold your horses" and subsequently destroyed that record. Its Agera RS went from 0-400 km/h-0 in juts 36.44 seconds. Technically it went 403 km/h in 37.28 seconds, but that's just being petty.
Fans of the "Fast and Furious" franchise will have to wait a year longer than anticipated before getting to watch the ninth installment of the saga. Originally slated to debut on April 19, 2019, the film will now release nearly a year later: April 10, 2020.
You'll find these stories and more in today's car news, right here at Motor Authority.
6 things you need to know about the 2018 Dodge Durango SRT
Koenigsegg just destroyed the Bugatti Chiron's 0-248-0 mph record
'Fast and Furious 9' release was just pushed back a year
Nissan e-NV200 electric van gets longer-range battery; still no U.S. plans
Ken Block and Ford are backing out of World Rallycross
Report: Waymo could launch self-driving ride-share service as early as this fall
This is the Mercedes-Benz G550 4x4² you can afford
EPA to study cutting amount of ethanol in U.S. gasoline
Polestar's electric performance coupe teased, coming October 17
2018 Buick Enclave review
Men charged in shooting death of Sumter man found on the side of the road
Jamar Omar Rush
Harris/Provided
Lloyd/Provided
SUMTER, S.C. (WOLO) – Two men were arrested in what the Sumter County Sheriff is calling a “senseless killing….there is no reason for it to have happened.”
Sheriff Anthony Dennis announced the arrests of Gerquell Harris, 17, and Antwan Lloyd, 26, in the January 13 shooting death of Jarvis Omar Rush.
Rush's body was found on the side of the road around 10:30 that morning.
“We still have an ongoing investigation and there could be other arrests,” Dennis said.
Harris is charged with conspiracy, accessory to attempted armed robbery and obstruction to justice.
Lloyd is charged with conspiracy, attempted armed robbery and murder.
The men are both being held in the Sumter County Sheriff's Office Detention Center and will have first appearance hearings at 2 p.m. Friday at the Sumter County Sheriff's Office Detention Center.
Connect with the writer:
Follow @kimberleidavis
Get breaking news, weather and traffic on the go. Download the ABC Columbia News App for your iPhone or Android phone and tablet.
NBC handily won Tuesday night with the season premieres of “America's Got Talent” and “World of Dance.” However, both shows–particularly “World of Dance”–were down from last season's premieres.
“America's Got Talent,” airing from 8-10 p.m., averaged a 2.4 rating in adults 18-49 and 12.1 million viewers, making it easily the top-rated and most-watched show of the night. It was down approximately 11% in the demo and 2% in total viewers from the Season 12 premiere last May.
In its second season debut, “World of Dance” averaged a 1.8 and 7.2 million viewers. That is down 25% in the demo and approximately the same percentage in total viewers compared to the Season 1 premiere. This season's premiere was in line with the first season's ratings average though and topped its timeslot by a wide margin.
Fox aired the season premieres of both “Beat Shazam” (0.8, 2.4 million) and “Love Connection” (0.6,1.8 million). Both shows were down heavily from their first season premieres, but were in line with their first season finales in the demo.
CBS aired mostly repeats except for “48 Hours: NCIS” (0.5, 4.3 million), which was even.
ABC and The CW aired only repeats.
NBC finished the night with a 2.2 rating and 10.4 million viewers. Fox was second in the demo with a 0.7 but fourth in viewers with 2.1 million. CBS was third in the demo with a 0.6 but second in viewers with 5.2 million. ABC was fourth in the demo with a 0.5 but third in viewers with 2.2 million. The CW averaged a 0.3 and 1.1 million.
Jessie's Island Store, though boarded up and not selling gas, was still open on Holmes Beach prior to Hurricane Irma. Tiffany Tompkins Herald file photo
Less than two weeks after his leave of absence began, Rubin has returned to Essential.
On November 28, a report from The Information came out claiming that Andy Rubin – the co-founder of Android – had engaged in an "inappropriate relationship" during his time at Google. Rubin promptly took a leave of absence from his new startup, Essential, following this claim, and less than two weeks later, he's already made a return.
It's now being said that Rubin announced his leave of absence on November 27, but according to one representative from Essential, the leave actually started earlier in the month.
Essential and Rubin still haven't confirmed the reason for the leave of absence, but we'd advise not holding your breath for a further explanation anytime soon. Rubin's spokesperson denied claims of the inappropriate relationship almost immediately after The Information's report came out, and for the time being, that appears to be the end of this mini-controversy.
The Essential Phone is still available for purchase for its lower price of $499, and in the near future, we should see the release of a new color variant and a charging dock that'll act as the second modular accessory for the device.
ANNECY, France — In one of the big announcements to go down at this year's Annecy Festival, Dallas-based Reel FX Animation Studios and director Jorge R. Gutierrez are moving forward on a sequel to “The Book of Life,” one of the biggest of breakout U.S. independent animated features this decade.
Gutierrez will direct. Reel FX Animation Studios produces. The sequel is envisaged as stereoscopic 3D.
The original drew on the “core of the Day of the Dead: That if you talk about someone, sing their songs, remember them they are with you,” Gutierrez said.
He added: “The sequel grew from that and people asking what was gonna happen with the characters, what's gonna happen to the gods? The sequel embraces all these things and, in a weird way, is a continuation of the story with everybody you love from the first movie.”
“The Book of Life 2” is in early discussions. The original “The Book of Life” turned on a love triangle between childhood friends, the sensitive Manola guitar strumming (Diego Luna) and preening Joaquin (Channing Tatum) whose competition for the hand of the vivacious Maria (Zoe Saldana) causes the gods to lay wagers on who will win and, with that, the future of the world.
“I am a big fan of romantic movies. I always want to find out what happens afterwards. That's one question we will ask during the sequel,” Gutierrez hinted.
Regarding creatives and producers, “my dream would be to get the band back together again,” he added.
Produced by Guillermo del Toro, distributed by 20th Century Fox and featuring wooden puppet-like figures from Mexico's Day of the Dead and songs by two-time Academy Award winner Gustavo Santaolalla (“Brokeback Mountain,” “Babel”), “The Book of Life” earned $99.7 million worldwide and upbeat reviews: “‘The Book of Life' is a rare cartoon feature that doesn't just deserve to be seen in 3D, but practically demands it,” Variety sentenced.
“The movie exploded at comic book conventions. People dressed up as the characters, they get tattoos of the characters,” Gutierrez recalled.
Gutierrez, his wife Sandra Equihua and “Book of Life” art director Paul Sullivan went as far as to design a poster (pictured) for “The Book of Life 2,” for Sequel an art exhibition of film posters of hypothetical film sequels. “The fan reaction was insane. I had to keep explaining that it was for an art show,” Gutierrez said.
“‘The Book of Life” is “one of those rare films that has really continued to build long after its release,” said Reel FX's CEO Steve O'Brien. “There is an amazing and passionate underground fanbase.”
Reel FX held off from a sequel announcement, however, until it had cleared the rights, he added.
But now the sequel's for real.
“The Book of Life 2” will be “the continuation of an extraordinary story that technically and creatively captures the vision Jorge had of this fabulous world,” said Chuck Peil, Reel FX head of business development and strategic partnerships, who is in Annevy with Gutierrez.
He went on: “The original film broke ground in so many ways and we hope that the sequel will have the same impact for the fanbase.”
Commencement of development on “The Book of Life 2,” will be formally teased at the end of a Work in Progress presentation of Gutierrez's “Kung Fu Space Punch” in Annecy on June 15.
Much further into development, “Kung Fu Space Punch” is a “funny mash-up of ‘90s Kung Fu films, Spaghetti Westerns of the ‘60s, and the epic space adventures of the ‘70s, ‘80s and today, Gutierrez has said.
Variety has had access to key concept art (pictured). In it, Johnny Holliday, who is described as one of the galaxy's most charming space biker outlaws, leads a motley crew of rebel bandits in a collision course with legendary villain Kathulo to determine the fate of the galaxy. Along the way, Johnny also has to face off with Ramona Sanchez, a hot-headed childhood rival who protects their town of Rio Bravo, an Annecy Festival website synopsis runs.
“These two films build on our partnership with Jorge as a director with a clear and unique voice, and underscore our strategy to bring distinctive animated films to theaters worldwide,” O'Brien commented.
Development on “Kung Fu Space Punch” has currently been financed by Reel FX Animation Studios, said O'Brien. Reel FX will now reach out to discuss the project with potential domestic and international partners, he added.
“Kung Fu Space Punch” is “my love letter to other cultures that really influenced me growing up on the border between Mexico and the U.S.,” Gutierrez said.
He explained: “My favorite thing about the border is that people take things from all over the world and make them their own,” recalling seeing Bruce Lee movies with his father as a kid and “thinking Bruce Lee was Mexican.”
For Gutierrez, “the idea behind the movie is that, in order for things to work out you have to embrace the other side and we are a lot more similar than we think.” He also noted that he was excited about the capacity for sci-fi movies to talk about the present.
What that present is exactly is likely to become clearer at Annecy's June 15 Work in Progress presentation of “Kung Fu Space Punch,” one of the Festival's most eagerly anticipated cartoon movie unveils.
Virtual reality effectively ‘arrived' in 2016, with the launch of Oculus Rift and the HTC Vive, the first two consumer VR headsets that truly delivered an experience that most would find not only tolerable, but actually enjoyable.
But consumer VR's splashy debut in 2016 did not result in something that was immediately affordable, available, or indeed appealing to many, so it's no surprise if you've been standing back and waiting for a time to jump in.
Now might just be the time; a confluence of factors, including a lot of great software that eschews mistakes made by early movers, as well as dramatic decreases in the cost of entry for VR-capable computers, have made it a good time to get onboard the virtual train. Here's a guide to one way to get started that should give you the most mileage for your dollar, while also making sure you're not missing out on the best VR experiences currently on offer.
The Rig
Your PC is potentially the most frustrating thing to get right, because there are a lot of options out there for Windows machines that can power VR headsets, along with the option to roll your own. I'd suggest that novices go for something that can get you gaming right away, with a minimum of fuss, but with room to grow if you find you want to invest the time and money later on.
That's why I recommend one of CyberPower PC's pre-built rigs. The one that hits the sweet spot in terms of value for money right now is the CyberPower Gamer Ultra Desktop series with AMD Radeon RX 480 GPU. It's a minimalist approach that strips out all the unnecessary frills and focuses on the components that are most important to a smooth VR experience, centering on that AMD graphics card.
It's expandable if you still want to beef it up later, and it retails for just $699.99, which makes it about half the price of what a decent VR-capable PC would cost you when Rift and Vive launched. Plus, in my experience it doesn't choke on any VR games, and I've played a wide range.
The Headset
I've gone back and forth on this, and it'll depend on your personal preferences, too, but now that Oculus Touch has arrived, I'd recommend getting the Oculus Rift to start. The Rift provides better visuals in my opinion, setup and game space requirements are simpler, and it has a better library of titles currently available, between Oculus exclusives and the wide variety of SteamVR content that supports both Rift and Vive.
The Rift is also more comfortable to wear, and its built-in headphones, while not the best available, are incredibly easy to use and avoid additional cord complications. Setting up sensors is also easier, and you can choose to start with just the basic Rift if you need to budget the Touch controllers for later. It's true that you only get room scale-VR experimentally with a third sensor with Rift, but in practice, you won't notice much of a difference between Oculus with two sensors and Vive's true room-scale experience.
The Accessories
As mentioned, the Oculus Touch controllers really add a lot to the overall VR experience, and prove more fun and more immersive in practice than the Vive Controllers. They're more lightweight, and also just seem to better represent the act of actually using your hands in a virtual environment, perhaps because of the focus on simulating grip on objects.
Oculus Touch took a long time to ship, and that gave Vive an early edge, but if you're looking to jump into VR at this point, they're a much better introduction to interacting with objects that aren't really there, and developers have done amazing things early on with the accessories to make picking them up worthwhile.
The Software
There's enough software out their for Rift that it can be overwhelming figuring out where to start. Oculus has created starter bundles that prove a good jumping off point, but if you want to pick up just a few things to get your feet wet, I'd recommend SUPERHOT VR, Oculus Medium, Space Pirate Trainer, Virtual Desktop and The Climb to start.
The games here really show off what the Oculus Touch can bring to the table, but if your'e holding off on picking that up, try Ocean Rift and Lucky's Tale (which ships with the Rift for free) to start. When you do pick up Touch, SUPERHOT VR is a must-play; it's the first VR game that actually got me feeling physically engaged in a game in a way that felt really natural, and it has a super clever design in terms of getting around the limitations of in-place use of VR.
Virtual Desktop is a must because it gives you a sense of what it might be like to use VR for everyday computing tasks. There are some things that are not ideal when using it (basically you have to be a touch typist), but it's astounding how natural a lot of the interaction is. It's also pretty inexpensive if you're wallet's hurting from getting set up to begin with.
2017 is VR's sophomore year
2016 might've been the year consumer VR finally made it to store shelves in a significant way, but 2017 will see a lot of refinement come to VR experiences, and it's already evident from the progress made since the beginning that this is probably the time for most tech-savvy folks to take the plunge. Building a VR system that respects your wallet is still a tough task, but using the guide above will get your foot in the door with as little budgetary outlay as possible, without any significant compromises.
THE jobless 30-year-old American who still lives in his parents' home is scrambling to pack up his mess of a room as eviction day looms.
Michael Rotondo is coming off a whirlwind week of media interviews and a trip to Texas to appear on conspiracy theorist Alex Jones' radio show for $3,000 ($A3960) after the story of his parents suing to evict him went viral.
But now, Rotondo has only two days - Friday at noon - to leave his parents' place in Camillus, New York, which he's called home for the past eight years.
"Looking around my room and stuff, how much more is all this going to take to pack?" Rotondo told Syracuse.com after schlepping to a Lowe's store to buy $30 ($A40) worth of boxes and tape.
He'll keep his belongings - piles of books, crumpled clothing, a computer and a bed, according to a photo of his dishevelled room - in a self-storage unit until he finds a new place to stay.
"There's no more urgency after that," he added. "Everything else is just finding a long-term place."
Rotondo said he's looking for "someplace inexpensive, with internet."
Rotondo's parents' home in Camillus, New York. Picture: WSTM TV
The unemployed father of one has been mooching off his parents, Mark and Christina, for the past eight years and showed no signs of moving out until they sued him earlier this month.
The familial spat garnered international headlines and Rotondo shot to overnight infamy, appearing on Fox News, CNN and even earning a paycheck from Jones last Friday.
A Home Depot employee also offered to pay for Rotondo's moving expenses after he complained he was too broke to fly the coop, but he declined.
"Alex Jones makes money for having me on his show," Rotondo explained.
The woman "does not," he told Syracuse.com.
But with his new-found celebrity have come "harassing" phone calls, Rotondo claimed.
On Monday, someone with a blocked phone number called his cell and muttered, "Loser," before hanging up. Rotondo called 911.
"I can't have my phone getting jammed up with nonsense like that," he said. "I can't have that happen."
Police responded to his complaint that afternoon, but it's unclear what, if any, action was taken.
This article was originally published by the New York Post and is republished with permission.
PanARMENIAN.Net - A statue of Armen Garo (Garegin Pastermadjian) - who served as Armenia's first diplomat in Washington, DC from 1919-1920, and was a leading member of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation - was unveiled on the grounds of Armenia's Embassy in Washington, DC at a program organized by the Armenian Embassy in collaboration with the ARF, and attended by the President of Armenia, the U.S. Ambassador to Armenia, ARF leaders, and hundreds of community members and dignitaries, the Armenian National Committee of America (ANCA) reports.
“We're celebrating the continuation of this great victory – the victory of establishing the first Armenian Republic. It has never stopped; it had maybe a different face, for seventy years it was called the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic, but a lot of us, in our hearts, still believe that the real Republic is the one which is called a free and democratic Armenia,” President Armen Sarkissian told participants at the June 28th Embassy program dedicated to the 100th Anniversary of the First Armenian Republic. “What was in our hearts became a reality again, and so the First Republic was reborn; it was never dead, it was reborn again. And it is reborn every and each time when we achieve something; it is reborn again and again when on the fields of the fight for the independence of Artsakh, Nagorno-Karabakh, Armenian fighters had in their hearts the image and the message of the First Republic. It was reborn again and again just a couple of months ago, when the Armenians on the streets of Yerevan were demonstrating for a change – change for a more democratic, just country free of corruption, and a country of equals,” noted Sarkissian.
ARF Bureau (World Council) member Hagop Der Khatchadourian congratulated all in attendance on the First Armenian Republic's centennial, noting, “There is no greater date in modern Armenian history comparable to the miracle that was the reemergence of independent Armenian statehood after more than 5.5 centuries under various harsh foreign rulers. There are no greater feats than the heroic victories of our nation, under the leadership of Aram Manoukian, upon the battlefields of Bash-Aparan, Gharakilise, and Sardarapat. […] From the shapeless chaos of those days a reborn Armenia emerged.”
After detailing the incredible progress made during the few short years of the First Republic in setting a foundation for a country based on social justice and rights, Der Khatchadourian went on to praise recent political changes in the present-day Republic of Armenia.
“Armenia's successes are our collective successes as a dispersed nation and, similarly, Armenia's failures are our collective failures,” said Der Khatchadourian. “Now, reinvigorated by a new burst of optimism and democratic values, we have the potential of multiplying those successes and minimizing, hopefully even eliminating, its failures. Now we have the golden opportunity to do our part in helping Armenia, together with Artsakh and Javakhk, not only to survive but to prosper through hard work, dedication, resilience, and our well-deserved proclivity for creativity and innovation. This is our national, collective task, and failure is not an option,” concluded Der Khatchadourian.
Der Khatchadourian's complete remarks (English and Armenian) are available below.
Master of Ceremonies, Ambassador Grigor Hovannessian, opened the program with welcoming remarks, and by describing the productive collaboration with the ARF of the Eastern US in planning the event and securing the statue. The program included musical presentations by New-York-based young operatic bass Christopher Nazarian and 5th-grade students from Brightwood Education Campus, who are partnered with the Embassy of Armenia as part of the Embassy Adoption Program. The program also included remarks by Hayk Demoyan of the Armenian Genocide Memorial (Dzidzernagapert) in Armenia. As part of the day's events, the Ambassador presented Mrs. Savey Tufenkian a well-deserved lifetime achievement honor for her decades of leadership in support for humanitarian initiatives both in the Armenian Homeland and the Armenian American community.
The Ambassador was joined by Hagop Der Khatchadourian, Hayg Oshagan of the ARF Eastern US CC, sculptor Megerditch Tarakdjian and architect Aram Aladjajian to unveil the statue to great applause.
The capacity crowd included US Ambassador to Armenia Richard Mills, Adjutant General of Kansas National Guard Maj. Gen. Lee Tafanelli, Bishop Anoushavan Tanielian, Vicar General of the Prelacy of the Armenian Apostolic Church of Eastern US; Very Rev. Fr. Daniel Findikyan, the Primate of the Diocese of the Armenian Apostolic Church of the Eastern US; the leadership of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation, Armenian Democratic Liberal Organization (Ramgavar Party), Armenian Relief Society, Homenetmen Armenian Athletic and Scouting organization, Armenian Youth Federation, Hamazkayin Armenian Educational and Cultural Association, Armenian National Committee of America, Armenian Assembly of America, Knights of Vartan, and other dignitaries.
The bronze sculpture of Armen Garo, the First Armenian Ambassador to the U.S., is the creation of renowned Canadian-Armenian artist Megerditch Tarakdjian. Two other Tarakdjian pieces, sculptures of Alan Hovhaness and Arshile Gorky – are also on permanent display at the Armenian Embassy.
The Embassy program was the last in a three day series of centennial celebrations of U.S.-Armenia friendship which included the Tuesday, June 26th Congressional salute of a century of U.S.-Armenia Friendship, the Wednesday, June 27th ANCA advocacy day. The events coincided with the kick-off of the 2018 Smithsonian Folklife Festival on Thursday, June 28th, where Armenian culture and history take center-stage along with Catalonia. “Armenia: Creating Home” will be a weeklong exploration of Armenian culture – its influences, contributions, and exchange with diaspora communities throughout the United States. Over a million attendees are expected at the Smithsonian festival, held at Washington, DC's famed “National Mall” from June 27–July 1 and July 4–8, 2018, which will include over 150 presentations and panels on Armenian music, food, craft, dance, and film, showcasing traditional practices which create “home,” both in concept and in form. The Smithsonian's “Cultures of Survival” programs featured screenings of “The Promise” and “Intent to Destroy.”
The ANCA Endowment Fund #KeepThePromise initiative is a major sponsor of the Smithsonian Folklife Festival.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump's physician Ronny Jackson will push ahead as the nominee to lead the Veterans Affairs department after allegations about his conduct stalled his Senate hearing for the job, a White House official said on Tuesday.
Jackson had been set to have his confirmation hearing for the job on Wednesday. But that was postponed indefinitely as senators from both parties said they wanted to look into concerns that had come to light about the Navy rear admiral, who has worked as a presidential physician since the George W. Bush administration.
Trump left open the possibility during a news conference that Jackson would withdraw from a political process the president described as “too ugly and too disgusting.”
But Jackson met with Trump late in the day, and afterward a White House official said the doctor would “certainly not be railroaded by a bitter ex-colleague.”
The White House provided copies of Jackson's performance reviews with handwritten notes of effusive praise from former President Barack Obama and Trump, and said the FBI had given him a clean background investigation.
It also provided reports from a military medical inspector general that shed light on a toxic work environment in the White House medical unit in 2012.
The reports described a power struggle and infighting between former White House doctor Jeffrey Kuhlman and Jackson, then the director of the White House medical unit. “The staff characterized the working environment as being caught between parents going through a bitter divorce,” one report said.
Montana Senator Jon Tester, the top Democrat on the committee, told NPR that more than 20 military personnel had come forward with concerns about improper distribution of sleeping pills and drinking alcohol on overseas trips, as well as creating a toxic work environment.
“Some of the exact words that were used by the folks who we talked to were: abusive towards staff, very explosive personality, belittles the folks underneath him - staff that he oversaw, screamed towards staff, basically creating an environment where the staff felt that they needed to walk on eggshells when they were around him,” Tester told NPR.
The White House said an audit by outside experts has shown Jackson “worked within the official guidelines” in his work and confirmed his prescriptions were “completely appropriate.”
“EXPERIENCE PROBLEM”
Jackson, 50, is an Iraq war veteran trained in emergency medicine who raised his profile in January in a long and glowing news conference about Trump's health after his first presidential medical exam.
The situation is the latest in a series of White House personnel controversies that have resulted in a higher-than-usual turnover.
Jackson's qualifications to lead the sprawling Veterans Affairs department were questioned from the time Trump nominated him in late March. Trump acknowledged on Tuesday that Jackson had an “experience problem.”
The agency, which has 350,000 employees and runs 1,700 facilities that serve more than 9 million veterans a year, has long faced criticism for the quality of its care and the bureaucracy that veterans encounter. In total, it oversees healthcare and benefits for about 20 million military veterans.
It has been led by an acting secretary since late March. Trump fired former VA Secretary David Shulkin after concerns about unauthorised travel expenses.
Even after his hearing was postponed, Jackson had continued to hold meetings with senators on Capitol Hill.
“I can answer the questions. I'm looking forward to rescheduling the hearing and answering everyone's questions,” Jackson told reporters after meeting with Republican Senator Jerry Moran on Tuesday.
Moran told reporters Jackson had denied having done anything wrong.
The Senate's calendar might not work in Jackson's favour. There appeared to be little chance the committee would hold a confirmation hearing this week. On Saturday, Congress begins a nine-day recess, which is a long time for any embattled presidential nominee to be in limbo.
U.S. President Donald Trump's nominee to be U.S. Secretary of Veterans Affairs, Navy Rear Adm. Ronny Jackson, meets with Senator Jon Tester (D-MT) at his office on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., April 17, 2018. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
BEIJING, Dec 11 (APP):China on Monday commended Pakistan for attaching high importance to the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) project and taking necessary measures to ensure safety of Chinese citizens and institutions in the country.
“We commend that Pakistan attaches high importance to this issue and has been taking necessary measures to ensure the safety of Chinese citizens and institutions,” Chinese Foreign Ministry's Spokesperson, Lu Kang said during his regular press briefing while responding to a question raised by APP about the security of CPEC and Chinese citizens in Pakistan.
He said that the CPEC is a major cooperation project for the two countries in the alignment of their development strategies.
The CPEC, a flagship project of Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) has widespread support in the two countries, he added.
Lu Kang remarked that the CPEC will promote prosperity and stability of China, Pakistan and the countries in the region.
“We believe they will continue to do so to ensure smooth running of the CPEC construction,” he added.
It may be mentioned here that Pakistan has raised a strong force comprising 15,000 security personnel for the safety of Chinese citizens working on projects under the CPEC and the Chinese institutions across the country.
France-Uruguay pits speed vs. defense in World Cup quarters
Associated Press FOLLOW NEWS News 77 // 04 Jul 2018, 17:49 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
NIZHNY NOVGOROD, Russia (AP) — France picked up two trophies in 1998: One, of course, was the country's only World Cup title, won on home soil. It was also the birth year of Kylian Mbappe, the 19-year-old who's emerging as one of the biggest stars of the World Cup.
"Well, that was a good year for him to be born, even if he didn't see much of the 1998 World Cup," joked French coach Didier Deschamps, who was the captain in '98. "I'm very happy that Mbappe is a French citizen."
?It will be France's searing speed led by Mbappe and Antoine Griezmann against Uruguay's defense anchored by Diego Godin on Friday in Nizhny Novgorod in the World Cup quarterfinals. The winner will face Brazil or Belgium.
Uruguay has given up only one goal in four World Cup matches, and France has scored seven — most in the 4-3 victory over Argentina in the round of 16.
In scoring twice against Argentina , Mbappe became the first teenager with multiple goals in a World Cup knockout game since a 17-year-old Pele did it twice (including a hat trick against France) in 1958.
It's a big stage with inevitable comparisons that Mbappe smiled about and then batted away.
"It's flattering to be the second one since Pele," said Mbappe, born in France to a father from Cameroon and a mother from Algeria. "But let's put things in perspective. Pele's another category."
This is France's seventh quarterfinal and its fourth in the last six World Cups dating back to 1998 and the famous side led by Deschamps, Patrick Vieira, Zinedine Zidane and Thierry Henry — the so-called "Rainbow Team" from a multicultural France.
"In a World Cup you have the top-level players," said Mbappe, who plays for Paris Saint-Germain. "So it's an opportunity to show what you can do and what your abilities are. There is no better place than a World Cup."
After three lackluster games in group play, France was electric in its most recent match, particularly in the second half when it cut up Argentina's plodding defense. Five of France's starters in the first group match had never played in the World Cup, including Mbappe.
"You need some patience," Deschamps said.
Deschamps has compared playing Uruguay to facing Peru, which narrowly lost to France 1-0 in group play on a goal by Mbappe.
He termed Uruguay "solid and aggressive" in a French television interview, adding: "These are not qualities displayed by Argentina."
The match will showcase several cross-border friendships.
Griezmann plays at Atletico Madrid where his teammates are Uruguayan defenders Godin and Jose Maria Gimenez. Godin is the godfather of Griezmann's daughter.
While Godin and Gimenez will try to stop Griezmann, Uruguay striker Luis Suarez will be opposing Barcelona teammate Samuel Umtiti.
"I've always joked ... that I wanted to face Umtiti at a World Cup," Suarez said. "And it came true."
Suarez's running mate, Edinson Cavani, scored both goals in the knockout win over Cristiano Ronaldo and Portugal but is nursing a hamstring injury, and it' unclear if he will play.
His absence would be a blow to the South Americans, but defense is the real key with coach Oscar Tabarez expecting to see less of the ball.
"I think very often there's the mistaken belief that ball possession leads to scoring opportunities," said Tabarez, who took over in 2006.
"If you don't have ball possession, you can still inflict pain."
Share this article:
0 votes
Braun Strowman has been cleared to return to action, according to PWInsider. Word going around at last night's WWE RAW was that Strowman was cleared a week ago. He will be back on RAW as soon as creative comes up with a plan for his return.
Strowman underwent elbow surgery in mid-May to fix some issues he'd been dealing with. WWE reported then that Braun would be out of action for up to 6 months but it was speculated that the lengthy absence was announced just to set up a super-human comeback ahead of schedule.
It will be interesting to see how WWE brings Strowman back as he's still in a feud with Roman Reigns. Braun has stated that he's not done with Reigns yet. As noted, Reigns will be on next week's RAW to announce his SummerSlam plans.
Follow Marc on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Send any news, tips or corrections to us by clicking here.
Big News on a Crazy Brock Lesnar Feud, “Broken” Hardy Plans for WWE RAW Revealed, Vince McMahon Upset with WWE Newcomer, New GIFs & Galleries, More
Related
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Tv2u International Ltd:
* SEEKS TRADING HALT PENDING ANNOUNCEMENT ON ‍OTT ENTERTAINMENT SERVICE IN BRAZIL​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Russ Regan, a music industry veteran who worked with Elton John, Neil Diamond, Olivia Newton John and Smokey Robinson, died at his home in Palm Springs on Sunday, May 27. He was 89.
Among his accolades: Regan is the rare executive to have seen No. 1 hits in four successive decades. And equally impactful: Regan brought “That's Life,” to Frank Sinatra, which would turn into a 1966 smash.
Born Harold Rustigan, Regan held positions at Motown, Uni Records (Strawberry Alarm Clock's “Incense and Peppermints”), 20th Century Records (Ambrosia, Barry White) and Polygram Records during a career that spanned the 1960s to 1990s.
His start in music was at Motown where he was part of the record promotion team and worked songs like “Please Mr. Postman,” by The Marvelettes, as well as classics by the Supremes, Smokey Robinson & The Miracles, Stevie Wonder, The Temptations and Marvin Gaye,
Credits at Uni also included a hit by Hugh Masakela (1968's “Grazing In The Grass”), helping develop “The Beach Boys,” and championing Diamond, who said in a statement: “Russ Regan was there for me from the beginning at Uni Records and he knew a hit record when he heard it;.'Sweet Caroline', ‘Cracklin' Rosie', ‘I Am.. I Said' and ‘Holly Holy' are just a few of the hits Russ released during my time there. Russ was always on the artist's side and would come into the studio while I was recording and his face would light up when he knew he heard a hit song. He made me and a new guy that he signed after me, Elton John worldwide superstars. … Russ was a great guy all around. This is a sad loss for the music industry and the end of an era. My deepest condolences to his family and friends.”
Related Taron Egerton to Play Elton John in Biopic 'Rocketman' at Paramount Review: Country Elton John Tribute Album Bests Its Pop Counterpart
Added Bernie Taupin: “He was larger than life; a big-hearted maverick, whose belief in us was a key component to our success in America.”
Crediting Regan with a key career decision, Newton John said: “he encouraged me to move to America, which began my career. He was a very good man!”
In addition, Regan worked on many successful movie soundtracks including “Endless Love,” “Breakin',” “The Karate Kid,” “This Is Spinal Tap” and “A Chorus Line” and had a hand in Oscar-winning songs from the films “The Poseidon Adventure,” “The Towering Inferno,” “Flashdance” and “Chariots of Fire.”
Regan is survived by his wife of 30 years, Sheryl, children Marc, Rachael and Daniel, sister Margaret and son-in-law Eric. He was predeceased by his brother Ray and sister Carol. Regan's family asks that in lieu of flowers, consideration be given in Russ's name to his favorite charity, the Recording Academy's MusiCares.
DURHAM, N.C. -- Mike Krzyzewski would later call it a "team-building" meeting. Amile Jefferson said it was a chance to "put everything on the table."
However you want to define it, the call to Krzyzewski's house was not for cookies and milk. Recovering from back surgery, Krzyzewski was out of commission but not out of the loop. He was still plenty involved with his team, still more than aware of what was and wasn't working.
After a two-point loss to NC State on Jan. 23, it was clear things at Duke weren't working.
So the Hall of Famer called his team together. He temporarily banned them from their own locker room and barred them from wearing Duke gear, insisting these players earn the right to wear their university's name again.
Neither the come-to-K meeting and figurative undressing nor the literal undressing is unusual. Krzyzewski isn't the first coach to use this motivational ploy, and he likely won't be the last. Even Krzyzewski has been down this road before. Associate head coach Jeff Capel told a local radio station about returning to the Duke locker room during the 1993-94 season to find the place stripped bare, right down to a rolled-up carpet.
But this Duke team wasn't supposed to need a call to the principal's office. This season was supposed to be magical, with experience and youth meeting in a sweet ride to a national title. Instead, with injuries robbing the Blue Devils of continuity and Grayson Allen's third tripping incident in a calendar year denying them peace, Duke hit a tipping point with that home loss to the Wolfpack.
Duke was on the brink.
"This has been one of the most different seasons I've had at Duke, to put it that way,'' said Jefferson, a fifth-year senior. "Having expectations and having them altered, it's been hard.''
Duke appears to have stepped back from the edge, with the meeting serving as the before-and-after marker. Before the meeting, the Blue Devils had lost three of four. Since the meeting, they've won five in a row, including an emotional victory against North Carolina six days ago at Cameron Indoor Stadium.
But how the Devils got there, how such a promising season went off the rails for nearly a month is a fascinating case study in just how fragile success can be.
"It's like with your own kids: You try to teach them to live in their moment,'' Krzyzewski said. "It's not about your big brother's moment or your parents' moment. It's your moment.''
Conversations with several people associated with the program and interviews with people at Duke reveal just how close Duke was to missing out on that moment.
The scrutiny was not going to go away. The Grayson Allen tripping incidents were going to follow the Blue Devils. It was a matter of how they handled it. Jamie Rhodes/USA TODAY Sports
ON DEC. 21, in an otherwise inconsequential romp against an inconsequential opponent, Duke's season went haywire. Grayson Allen tripped Elon's Steven Santa Ana. At that point, despite injuries to three freshmen from its prized recruiting class -- an unexpected preseason knee surgery for Harry Giles, a foot sprain for Jayson Tatum and a leg injury for Marques Bolden -- everything was still going reasonably well for the Blue Devils. They'd won all but one of their first 13 games and comfortably settled in at No. 5 in the polls.
Now, with the roller coaster steadying, the Blue Devils and Krzyzewski talk about the myriad injuries -- only Luke Kennard and Matt Jones have played in every game -- as the reason it has taken a while for Duke to get on track. No doubt the revolving lineup and limited numbers in practice have taken their toll. The competition level, too, changed right after that Elon game. Instead of Elon and Tennessee State, the Blue Devils were playing Virginia Tech, Louisville and Florida State.
But everything really changed the moment Allen sent Santa Ana sprawling. A team that looked connected and content suddenly looked disconnected and discontented. When Krzyzewski called that meeting, it wasn't just because the Blue Devils were losing. It was because of how they were losing.
No one was angry at all at Allen. If anything, his teammates were worried about him, how he was doing and how he was handling the endless stream of negative attention.
They were, however, tired of the fallout. The aftermath of his actions -- the constant scrutiny on him, Krzyzewski and the team, not to mention how it turned Allen into a far more cautious player -- impacted the entire program.
"It just wore people out,'' a source with knowledge of the situation said.
The other part, as naive as it might sound, was that no one saw it coming. Throughout the course of his Hall of Fame career, Krzyzewski's integrity and ethics rarely have been called into question, his reputation spilling over to Duke's program. The Blue Devils simply don't invite a lot of legitimate criticism. Now not only was the program coming under fire, but also Krzyzewski was facing some of the harshest criticism of his career. People were loudly questioning how he handled Allen, in the past and immediately following Allen's latest incident with Santa Ana.
Still, the players and staff -- really, everyone at Duke -- believed the fury would die down. Sure, life on the road would be tough, but for Duke it is always tough. The national glare, they thought, would fade. Instead, Allen became the most watched player in the sport, his every move played and replayed in slow motion.
Did he trip someone? Did he push someone?
On Jan. 10, against Florida State, as he dove for a loose ball out of bounds, Allen appeared to shove Seminole assistant Dennis Gates. Four days later, Allen and Louisville's Donovan Mitchell got tangled up going for a loose ball, and Mitchell appeared to smack Allen in the nose. Nine days after that, in the loss against NC State, Allen cut through the Wolfpack huddle en route to his own bench and got tangled up with the Wolfpack's Terry Henderson. Five days later against Wake Forest, he connected with Brandon Childress on an out-of-bounds play.
Each time, Allen was defended, either by the other party involved or the league office. Gates put out a statement saying he didn't believe Allen's push was intentional, that it was part of the natural flow of the game. The ACC ruled Mitchell's slap inadvertent. Replays showed Childress, not Allen, instigating the jawing at Wake. In fact, it was Childress who was hit with a technical foul. But because of his reputation, it was Allen who drew the attention.
"It's been a lot,'' Allen told ESPN.com after the North Carolina game.
Often when people talk about how a negative event will hurt a team, how it could be a "distraction," it's little more than a buzzword, with reality rarely matching the expected chaos. This was a gigantic distraction. Already behind in building team chemistry because of the rash of injuries, the Blue Devils felt backed into a corner, defensive for their teammate and their program.
"You try to handle whatever is going on in an even keel,'' Krzyzewski said. "Whether it's a 20-game winning streak, a national championship or an elimination in the first round of the NCAA tournament. And that's what I've tried to do with this team.''
Asked if he thought the team had handled all of the attention well, Jones paused.
"Um ... maybe,'' the senior guard said, sounding more uncertain than certain. "We've just been through so much.''
Virtually everyone ESPN.com spoke to said no one questioned Krzyzewski's decision to suspend Allen just one game. People at Duke knew what outsiders didn't: that from the moment Krzyzewski yanked Allen out of his own locker room and into Elon's to apologize to Santa Ana, there had been plenty of meetings, conversations and actions taken, along with the public suspension and loss of his captaincy.
Krzyzewski's rationale, too, was complicated by his own impending health crisis. About to face back surgery that would sideline him for about a month, the coach recognized that Capel would have a complicated enough job and didn't want him to answer repeated questions about Allen's status without having the authority to reinstate him.
But the Grayson Allen who returned to the court wasn't the same guy who left. Allen is naturally gifted, an athletic wing with a shooter's touch. His motor, though, has always been his separator. It runs high, fueling him to work harder in practice and on his own and play harder in games. He feeds off his own emotions as much as his teammates do. The way he played was as instrumental to Duke's 2015 national championship as the 16 points he scored against Wisconsin.
He was, though, keenly aware that everyone was now watching his every move. He lost his fire, dialed back his edge, given the spotlight, afraid that a hard play would be misconstrued as a dirty play. He was, it seemed, trying to prove to people who he was or who he wasn't, instead of just simply playing.
"That's what was heartbreaking,'' a source said. "He couldn't be himself.''
After the North Carolina win, Allen said he was having fun playing basketball again. Asked if he'd had funned all season, Allen smirked.
"I'm not interested in a tell-all right now, but uh, no,'' he said.
Allen averaged just 13.5 points and shot only 7-of-28 from beyond the arc in the six games after his suspension. Moved to point guard, he seemed more content to distribute than dictate -- not exactly the role he was born to. He was tentative.
No matter what Duke did, Grayson Allen was always at the center of attention. Matt Cashore-USA TODAY Sports
THE BLUE DEVILS HAVE BANDED TOGETHER, trying to shut out the noise as they make their crucial march to March.
The season, after all, is hardly over, and if the past five games are any indication, Duke might have the biggest upside of any team in the country. Tatum, arguably the furthest along among the freshmen, has learned to be more than just a scorer, dishing out 12 assists and pulling down 41 rebounds during the win streak. Giles continues to show flashes of his potential, and Kennard remains equal parts steady and spectacular.
But the real difference has been Allen. He's averaging 21.5 points per game during the win streak, but it goes deeper than the box score. He looks different, less tentative and no longer worried that his next move will be the wrong move.
"It feels good to just be out there playing the game that I love -- and loving it," Allen said after the win against North Carolina. "Really just having fun with it, whether my shot falls or not. That's how I grew up playing the game. Just loving to compete. It feels good to do just that."
A risk of frost, you say? We've heard that word already and will hear it more frequently this month. But, so far so good around my place.
Out in the country or only a little way north, tender annuals and windshields might well have been iced up already. In the heart of a town or city, it's unlikely much is harmed this early in fall.
That's due to the heat retained by roads and buildings, and the heat from all those furnaces that kicked in last weekend has to go somewhere. This is why the hardiness of a particular plant can vary depending on where it's growing, especially perennials; many of our annuals are actually perennials in their native habitat, with greater or lesser degrees of hardiness.
Based initially on field trials and on observations, plants are given a hardiness rating: zone 5, for instance. A lower zone number means it's hardier, while a higher number less so. Zone numbers are also given to all locations in the country, with the letter 'a' or 'b' added to further subdivide them.
Where I live in Waterloo is rated zone 5b, half a zone milder than Grand Valley to the north, which is 5a. Further south, Windsor is a balmy zone 7a.
Plant tags don't reference a or b, simply a zone number, and this is enough of a guide when buying plants. For this area, always choose plants rated as suitable for zone 5 or any lower number. Should you have zone envy, and most gardeners do, a zone 6 plant might make it through winter with good snow cover or plenty of mulch — providing you're prepared to take the risk.
It's worth noting that the U.S. system is a little different. Their zone ratings are based on the minimum low temperature of a given region, whereas here we take into consideration factors like duration of cold and snow cover. The difference is roughly one zone number. This means a plant listed as hardy to zone 5 under the U.S. system is actually a zone 6 in the Canadian system, meaning it would be less hardy.
Keep this in mind if you're reading plant information in a U.S. gardening magazine or on a U.S. website.
This one zone disparity might not always make a difference. Depending on the severity and depth of snow, a zone 6 plant can often make it through winter in this area but if there's a January thaw followed by a sudden drop in temperature, it's a gamble.
As for those gardens in the heart of a big city, they can be one big microclimate. Toronto is rated as a much milder zone 7, despite being in our cooler zone 5 regions. So if you're hearing from a friend who gardens in downtown Toronto that they're growing plants you only wish you could grow, that's the reason.
Morrisons is to sell the UK's longest sausage roll – for just £1.
The supermarket has launched the Foot Long Sausage Roll, believed to be the largest in the UK.
At one foot long and weighing in at nearly half a kilogram, the store claims the sausage roll is double the length and four times the weight of some high street competitors.
Available from August 7 from the supermarket on Newland Street, the Foot Long Sausage Roll is freshly baked in-store by its Market Street bakers, made with seasoned pork meat and wrapped in a crisp, golden flaky pastry.
The sausage roll has to be served on a special tray that holds its weight, rather than being served in just the traditional paper bag.
Morrisons has created the Foot Long Sausage Roll after listening to its customers, who said that they wanted a bigger version of the British classic.
At only £1, the jumbo-sized British favourite can be bought hot and ready-to-eat from Morrisons Pie Shop counters on Market Street. It could be enjoyed as part of a picnic, shared with the family, or eaten by customers with big appetites.
The sausage roll is being launched in time for the start of the football season to be the ultimate match day pie experience.
CBS has quietly expanded the scope of its streaming and on-demand TV service, its own competitor of sorts to Hulu, to now include movies. The lineup at launch is fairly small with just 18 films becoming available, on top of its existing library of 8,500 on-demand episodes of current shows, prior seasons and classic shows from the network's archive, as well as its CBS All Access original programming.
The movie selection includes a selection of “Star Trek” films, plus other titles like “Up in the Air,” “Election,” and some older movies, like “Funny Face” and “Rosemary's Baby.” The titles were licensed from Paramount, the company tells us.
However, CBS says that it plans to add more movies over time, as the service grows.
The company's streaming strategy so far has been to hold out on selling its content to larger, more popular services like Netflix and Hulu, to instead offer its programming on its own subscription product it calls CBS All Access.
The trouble with that strategy is that CBS only has a handful of top shows – like “The Good Wife” or “Big Bang Theory,” for example – when compared with how many quality shows are available on a rival service, like Netflix. And CBS won no Emmys last year for its programming – just a few “Creative Arts” awards – while Netflix and HBO cleaned up.
Asking cord cutters to pay for yet another subscription just to watch a couple of good shows is a steep request, especially when there are other ways to buy those TV seasons as a one-off – like through Amazon or iTunes.
Plus, several seasons of “The Good Wife” are included with an Amazon Prime membership, which makes CBS's own subscription service less compelling.
But CBS has been expanding its focus beyond just what it's airing on TV to round out its service for cord cutters. It recently wrapped its first scripted original series, “The Good Fight” – a spinoff of “The Good Wife,” which was met with praise from critics. And of course, CBS All Access will be the exclusive home in the U.S. to the upcoming new “Star Trek” series, arriving this fall, that should attract a good-sized audience of “Star Trek” super fans.
The hope is that the millions of existing fans will be willing to pay for CBS All Access primarily to be able to watch this one show. And once there, CBS is thinking about how to engage them in its service more broadly, as well as how to keep them around when the show is in between seasons or when it wraps.
In a recent interview, CBS said there are 20 million U.S. households without a cable TV subscription – the market it believes it can convince trying its streaming product.
However, for that service to be worthwhile, it needs to have a mix of content – meaning, more than just TV.
“We've begun to expand CBS All Access's content offering to include a selection of film titles relevant to our audience, such as a number of films from the Star Trek franchise,” explains Marc DeBevoise, President and COO of CBS Interactive. “Our goal for CBS All Access is to provide and continually build a well-rounded service for our subscribers.”
In addition to TV shows, CBS All Access Originals, and now movies, CBS's bet on live streaming TV means its viewers can also watch live events, including sports, through the CBS All Access service. Live TV is an area where many of the newer live TV services are now competing for viewers, including Sling TV, DirecTV Now, PlayStation Vue, YouTube TV and soon, Hulu live TV.
The movie lineup at present is fairly unremarkable compared with the vast selections on Netflix and Amazon, but it signals CBS's intent to be more than just a port of CBS television content to an over-the-top offering.
CBS didn't officially announce the addition of films, but the blog Cord Cutter News spotted them in the app. CBS confirms that they are indeed new, and hit the service on Thursday.
The company would not say how often it plans to add more movies, but its focus at launch is bringing the films to those who are watching on their iPhones and TVs. Initially, the movies will be available on iOS and Windows mobile devices and tablets, plus Roku, Xbox, PS4, Android TV, Amazon Fire TV and Chromecast. In the coming weeks, they will also arrive on Android (mobile) and Apple TV.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Ares Management Lp:
* ARES MANAGEMENT AND REDEVCO'S IBERIAN JOINT VENTURE ACQUIRES MAJORITY STAKE IN PARQUE CORREDOR SHOPPING CENTER IN MADRID FOR €140 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Russia and Japan dispute ownership of four islands
* Russian PM approves deployment of warplanes there
* Japan says decision runs counter to its own stance
* Moscow unhappy about U.S. missile systems in Japan
By Andrew Osborn
MOSCOW, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has approved the deployment of Russian warplanes on a disputed island near Japan, accelerating the area's militarisation at a time when Moscow's ties with Tokyo are strained over the roll-out of a U.S. missile system.
In a decree published late on Thursday, Medvedev allowed the Russian Defence Ministry to use a civilian airport on the island of Iturup as it is known by Russia, or Etorofu as it is known by Japan, for its warplanes.
The island was one of four seized by Soviet forces at the end of World War Two and is located off the north-east coast of Hokkaido, Japan's biggest prefecture. The dispute over the islands, known as the Kuriles in Russia and the Northern Territories in Japan, is so acrimonious that Moscow and Tokyo have not yet signed a peace treaty to mark the end of the war.
Medvedev's decree is the latest step in a Russian military build-up that has seen Moscow deploy some of its newest missile defence systems to the islands and plan to build a naval base there even as it continues talks about the territorial dispute.
The decree was published days before deputy foreign ministers from the two countries are due to hold talks about co-operation on the disputed islands and at a time when Russia is concerned that Japan is allowing Washington to use its territory as a base for a U.S. military build-up in north Asia under the pretext of countering North Korea.
MORE OPTIONS
It is unclear whether Russia will permanently deploy warplanes to the disputed island, which hosted a Soviet air base during the Cold War, or use its airport as and when needed.
The Kommersant daily cited an unnamed military source as saying the move would give the Russian military more options.
“This move should show the aerodrome's readiness for fighter planes that patrol our borders to be temporarily based there,” the source was quoted as saying.
The same source was quoted as saying that Russia was particularly concerned about a Japanese plan to deploy more Aegis U.S. missile systems in its Akita and Yagamata prefectures.
The Japanese embassy in Moscow did not immediately respond to a request for comment, but Kommersant cited it as saying that the new Russian move would boost Moscow's military power on the disputed islands.
That contradicted Japan's own stance on the dispute, it was cited as saying, but Tokyo would keep trying to resolve the problem through talks. (Editing by Gareth Jones)
KABUL—A new wave of Taliban attacks across Afghanistan killed at least 11 Afghan soldiers and policemen on Tuesday, officials said, the latest in a particularly deadly week of assaults by militants.
At least five soldiers were killed when their checkpoint was attacked by the Taliban in western Farah province, according to Mohammad Naser Mehri, the provincial governor's spokesman.
Two soldiers were wounded in that attack, in the Bala Buluk district. Mehri said six Taliban fighters were killed and three others were wounded in the battle, which lasted several hours.
“Reinforcements have arrived and right now, the situation is under control,” he added.
Earlier on Tuesday, insurgents killed at least four members of the local police force and wounded seven in eastern Ghazni province.
PanARMENIAN.Net - Visitors to Armenia might get a soaking surprise should they be visiting on a particular Sunday in July: A bucket full of water on their head. If Vardavar seems like a holiday conceived by mischievous seven-year-olds, it's because its chief component is drenching others with water, Smithsonian Magazine says in an article.
From bowls and from buckets, poured from windows onto unsuspecting passerby below and between consenting dousers in village centers, water throwing on Vardavar is a holiday unique to Armenia. With roots in pagan mythology, it was later adapted by the church such that its date each summer comes 98 days—14 weeks—after Easter.
Most recently, it's been promoted as a unique public holiday in Armenia—even one that may be attracting tourists from other countries, many of whom share the wild scenes of water-throwing among disbelieving friends back home, or on YouTube.
And while other elemental aspects of the tradition, involving fire, seems now secondary, there is still a tie to roses. Vart in Vardavar (also known as Vartavar) is the word for rose. “In Armenia it is mostly now a joyful and popular holiday just by water throwing games,” says Ruzanna Tsaturyan, a curator at the Institute of Archeology and Ethnography at the National Academy of Sciences of Armenia's capital Yerevan, who has studied the tradition.
Vardavar was originally associated with the goddess Astghik, Tsaturyan says. As goddess of water, beauty, love and fertility, Astghik would present roses and spray rosewater intent on spreading love—and to honor Vahagn, god of fire and war. When Armenia became the first country in the world to adopt Christianity as the state religion in 301 AD, Vardavar became part of the Armenian Apostolic Church.
“Now it's also a church holiday in Armenia. It's included in the church calendar,” Tsaturyan says.
Tsaturyan says “the holiday is mostly about nature, so it's always celebrated in nature. People go out for picnics to celebrate on the grass, in the nature, in the forest, near the spring water.” There are some traditional foods associated with Vardavar picnics as well.
Kate Hudson has officially unleashed her inner R&B songstress, and we can't get enough.
While the stunning star has kept us on our toes during her career with mere hints at her vocal prowess (her rendition of "You're So Vain" in How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, anyone?), the 38-year-old finally gifted us an unfiltered display of her incredible voice, performing a soulful cover of Labrinth's hit track "Jealous."
In a clip shared to Instagram by her friend Laurie Lynn Stark, the Almost Famous actress—who covered her shaved head in a black cap that matched her turtleneck—held a glass of wine while belting out the bluesy tune into a microphone. And we are completely blown away by her performance.
VIDEO: Kate Hudson's Photo of Her #MomFail Will Make You Say "Same"
"It's hard for me to say I'm jealous of the way you're happy without me," she sang before dramatically ending the line with some freestyle vocals.
RELATED: 23 Times Kate Hudson Proved She's a Cool Mom on Instagram
We're keeping our fingers crossed that we will hear Hudson debut some sultry tunes alongside her new buzz cut on the big screen for her upcoming film, Sister!
M3AAWG is a trade association that brings together ISPs, hosting providers, bulk mailers, and a lot of infrastructure vendors to discuss messaging abuse, malware, and mobile abuse. (Those comprise the M3.) One of the things they do is publish best practice documents for network and mail operators, including two recently published, one on Password Recommendations for Account Providers, and another on Password Managers Usage Recommendations. Since I'm one of M3's senior technical advisers, I helped write them, but I think they're pretty good anyway.
Rather than just regurgitate the usual unworkable advice (make each password 14 different random characters, change them every week, and never write them down) we tried to look at the real threats on the current Internet and offer advice that makes sense today. The password advice does recommend strong passwords or pass phrases, but then mostly talks about operational issues: do encrypt channels where passwords are sent via HTTPS or the like, do use multiple factors where possible, do use federated authentication to minimize the number of passwords people have to use, do make users change default passwords before using a new account, and don't do hard account lockouts after password failures (an easy way to harass your enemies.) While it does say to make it easy for users to change passwords when they want, it doesn't recommend required password changes, since that is counterproductive--people use a pattern like password1, password2, password3, write them down, or most likely both.
The whole document is 8 pages long, so it's worth downloading to read the whole thing.
The password recommendations also encourage people to use password managers, the topic of the second document. A good password manager makes good password discipline much easier, since it can remember different totally random passwords for every account, and won't forget them. Many of them can keep the list of passwords in sync between a laptop and phones and tablets, a boon for whose of us with aging memories. This paper is only three pages, short enough to download and print out and send around to people who don't understand why they're a good idea.
There are lots best practice documents on the M3AAWG web site. I'll blog about some of the others in the future.
By John Levine, Author, Consultant & Speaker. More blog posts from John Levine can also be read here.
Related topics: Security
NAPA, Calif. -- Tyler Duncan chipped in from the fringe for eagle on the par-5 18th hole Friday to take the second-round lead in the season-opening Safeway Open.
Making his second career PGA Tour start, Duncan shot a 6-under 66 for a one-stroke lead over defending champion Brendan Steele at Silverado Resort and Spa.
Duncan, the Web.com Tour graduate who shared the first-round lead with Steele and Tom Hoge, also had seven birdies and three bogeys to reach 13-under 131.
Steele had six birdies and a bogey in a 67. He's 30 under is his past six rounds in the event.
Chesson Hadley, who began the second round seven shots behind the leaders, broke the course record with a career-best 61 to get within two strokes. He had an eagle, 10 birdies and a bogey. His previous career best was a 64 in the opening round of the 2015 AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am.
Hadley, who regained his PGA Tour card on the Web.com Tour money list, parred the final two holes.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
The S-Class range is approaching the midpoint in its life cycle and will soon receive an update.
The first to be updated will be the S-Class sedan, followed shortly by the S-Class Coupe.
Around the same time that the updated coupe arrives, we should also see the updated S-Class Cabriolet, a prototype for which has just been spotted.
Visual tweaks will be subtle. After all, the S-Class Cabriolet was only introduced for 2017 so Mercedes won't want to upset existing owners—and the depreciation of their cars—with radical changes.
2019 Mercedes-Benz S-Class Cabriolet spy shots - Image via S. Baldauf/SB-Medien Enlarge Photo
We can expect some tweaks to be made to the bumpers and lights at both ends. There should be some changes inside, too. Look for the digital dash to get a better screen and the controller wheel to be replaced by a new touchpad surface.
We might also see the engine lineup renewed. Don't be surprised if an S400 model is introduced with Mercedes' new inline-6 engine. And the V-8-powered S550 and S63 could also adopt the automaker's 4.0-liter V-8.
The updated S-Class sedan is due this summer, as a 2018 model. The updated two-door models should arrive early next year.
Stay tuned as development continues.
Republican Sen. Bob Corker (Tenn.) made it clear Wednesday that the federal government could face serious problems down the road if the Trump administration and former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn's potential ties to Russia are not investigated. "The big issue right now is dealing with this Russia issue, making sure that it doesn't destabilize our ability to move ahead as a country and deal with important issues," Corker said during an interview on MSNBC's Morning Joe. Corker described Russia's "interference" ahead of the presidential election and the possibility of the involvement of President Trump's associates as the "big elephant in the room."
Flynn's resignation Monday night after misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other officials about his conversation about sanctions with a Russian ambassador also raises the question of the White House's stability, Corker said. "Is the White House going to have the ability to stabilize itself? This affects us not just with international issues that are brewing all around the world — all kinds of problems — but the domestic agenda here," Corker said.
Corker, for one, said he wants to fully understand what happened with Flynn, and why the Trump administration's stance on Russia has remained stagnant while its stances on "most" other foreign policy issues have evolved. "Russia is not our friend," Corker said. "This relationship that seems to exist and seems to be preeminent and seems to be driving so much of the conversation within the White House, to me, is still not righted itself." "It's a problem," he added.
If you're a regular reader of my Money and Markets columns, you know that I've been spot-on all year with my prediction that, as long as interest rates remain low, stocks are headed higher.
Early this year, I explained why the 10-year U.S. Treasury yield is my magic market metric for forecasting stock returns in this “New Abnormal” financial environment. An environment where the world's central banks continue to pump an endless supply of money into the global financial system.
And now, I see that I have rarified company in my forecast that stocks will continue to march higher. And that a certain select group of high-quality growth stocks could skyrocket and provide shoot-the-moon returns …
On Tuesday, billionaire and iconic investor Warren Buffett said the following in an interview on CNBC's “Squawk Box”:
“[Stock] valuations make sense with interest rates where they are. In the end, you measure laying out money for an asset in relation to what you're going to get back, and the number one yardstick is U.S. government [bonds].” “Everything in valuation gets back to interest rates,” and rates have been a “powerful factor” in setting equities values, he said.
Thank you, Warren, for confirming what I have been saying all along: Watch the 10-year U.S. Treasury like a hawk!
And with the yield on the 10-year currently hovering at around 2.3%, interest rates are in the sweet spot for higher stock market returns.
That's why U.S. stocks hit record levels on Wednesday and continued their ascent Thursday. At the close yesterday, the Dow Industrials were up more than 113 points at 22,775. And the broader measure of U.S. stocks, the S&P 500, notched its first eight-day win streak since 2013. It closed Thursday's trading session at 2,552.07.
However, no matter how much money we make in the markets, we can never afford to throw caution to the wind.
Your personal roadmap to windfall profits is ONLINE NOW! The recording of Wednesday's historic LIVE Q&A with Dr. Weiss and Sean Brodrick is online now! Click this link to hear the unhedged forecasts, strategies and the actual Supercycle investments designed to help you for gains of 2,150% in as few as 40 days. Plus, you will hear Martin and Sean's specific answers on gold, silver, oil, the Dow, bonds and much more. This discussion is so thought-provoking and valuable to you as an investor, you need to watch this special recording immediately. Watch this important Q&A here …
We must always invest with a keen awareness of the risks around us. In doing so, we can protect our portfolios during the inevitable market declines. Which we could still see, even with stocks surging ever-higher.
Keeping a watchful eye on potential Black Swans …
We must stay vigilant in these times of experimental monetary policy and heightened geopolitical tensions. And we must keep an eye out for the low-probability, high-impact event or events that could cause the whole system to fall apart.
On Wall Street, we call these outlier and difficult-to-predict events black swans. This reflects the European belief that the mythical bird did not exist until it was actually observed by Dutch explorer Antoine Caen in Shark Bay, Australia, in 1636.
Here's a chart that shows the potential black swans that I'm carefully watching …
Click image for larger view
Right at the top, you see the two events that pose the most risk are a potential central-bank mistake and a crash in the global bond markets.
And the chart below shows that stocks are trading at lofty valuation levels:
Click image for larger view
That's why — with stocks priced high and a grab bag full of black-swan risks on the horizon — I recommend that my Safe Money Report subscribers keep a healthy dose of hedges in place. Indeed, by maintaining a healthy position in the iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF (TLT), they can protect their precious investment capital for when — not if — the next big black swan lands.
What's more, if interest rates continue to stay low as I expect, they could earn a solid return on TLT as well.
So, with the growth-stock positions that I've previously told you about … combined with our stock-market hedges to protect against any potential black swan events … the Safe Money Report portfolio provides just the right blend of growth and safety that is key right now .
Subscribe now, so you too can target extraordinary returns in the “new abnormal” financial environment we are now experiencing.
Next week, I'll reveal where there's a second debt crisis brewing that could be much worse than the subprime debacle in 2009.
Best wishes,
Bill Hall
P.S. The 10-year Treasury yield is my go-to “magic metric” when it comes to seeing where the broader market is headed. But there are cycles at work right this very minute that are driving select stocks and sectors higher. And in this brand-new webinar, Martin Weiss and cycles expert Sean Brodrick reveal the actual investments that are already generating windfall profits of 114%, 719% and even up to 2,150% in as little as 40 days! This information is too timely to leave online for much longer, so don't wait. Click here to listen to it now.
It's a network executive's worst nightmare — having to cancel a hit show.
That was the scenario ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey faced Tuesday morning. Fresh off the holiday weekend, Dungey and other ABC and Disney leaders were thrown into crisis mode after realizing that Roseanne Barr, the volatile star of its biggest show, the revival of “Roseanne,” went on a Twitter tear late Monday night and Tuesday morning.
A bizarre tweet that savaged former Obama administration advisor Valerie Jarrett, who is black, as the byproduct of “muslim brotherhood and planet of the apes had a baby” was the last straw for ABC amid a gathering storm of outrage online calling for ABC to cancel the show.
But there was almost as much surprise a few hours later when ABC distributed a terse one sentence statement from Dungey: “Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel her show.”
ABC's move has been praised by many while others — including Variety TV critic Caroline Framke — say the network's real fault was in giving Barr a platform in the first place, given her history of making racist, derogatory and out-there public statements.
Related Analysis: 'Roseanne' Without Roseanne Would've Been a Tough Sell Trump Sounds Off on 'Roseanne' Cancellation
Dungey made TV history in February 2016 when she became the first African-American woman to serve as entertainment president of a Big Four network. She had already faced the awkward situation of having to defend a joke in a “Roseanne” episode that was interpreted by many viewers as a slam on ABC's effort to bring diversity to its comedy lineup with shows revolving around African-American and Asian families, “Blackish” and “Fresh Off the Boat.” In that instance, Dungey firmly said she stood behind the “Roseanne” writers.
But there was no question of interpretation in Barr's off-screen comment regarding Jarrett. Those who have long worked with Dungey say she is decisive, grounded, and unfailingly ethical in business dealings. Dungey has climbed the ranks as a programming executive at ABC and ABC Studios since joining the company in 2004.
The swiftness of the Barr controversy made for a tough few hours on Tuesday morning, but a source familiar with the situation said the decision to end the show's run on ABC — even with its impressive ratings — was not a hard call for Dungey and her boss, Disney-ABC TV Group president Ben Sherwood. As Disney boss Bob Iger said in his own tweet: “There was only one thing to do here, and that was the right thing.”
The imbroglio undoubtedly raised Dungey's profile in the eyes of viewers who wouldn't otherwise know the name of ABC's top programmers. Writers, directors, and producers were quick to praise Dungey's action.
Here's a sampling:
For the record, this is Channing Dungey. Sitting on top of your world like a Queen in full judgement of your garbage and taking it out. #Roseanne pic.twitter.com/GxEP2B61uq — Ava DuVernay (@ava) May 29, 2018
Brava Channing Dungey. — Audra McDonald (@AudraEqualityMc) May 29, 2018
I have never been more proud to work for @ABCNetwork THANK YOU Channing Dungey for being my one little slice of hope for our country today. — Krista Vernoff (@KristaVernoff) May 29, 2018
Channing Dungey.
Channing Dungey.
Rock me, Channing Dungey. — 🌍Joshua Malina🌍 (@JoshMalina) May 29, 2018
F*ck yes, Channing! — Joshua Safran (@Anthologist) May 29, 2018
Thank you Channing Dungey!https://t.co/VIlKTF9y7Z — Viola Davis (@violadavis) May 29, 2018
As I called my manager to quit working on Roseanne, I was told it was cancelled. I feel so empowered by @iamwandasykes , Channing Dungey and anyone at ABC standing up for morals and abuse of power. Bullies will NEVER win. — Emma Kenney (@EmmaRoseKenney) May 29, 2018
PanARMENIAN.Net - Russia is committed to honoring its international obligations, including in relation to missiles, the Kremlin said on Wednesday, February 15, responding to reports it had violated a treaty with the United States by deploying a new ground-based missile, Reuters reports.
"Russia has been and remains committed to its international commitments, including to the treaty in question," Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said in a daily telephone briefing.
"Nobody has formally accused Russia of violating the treaty," he said.
On Tuesday, media reported, citing U.S. officials, that Russia had deployed a ground-launched cruise missile despite U.S. complaints that this violated an arms control treaty banning ground-based U.S. and Russian intermediate-range missiles.
HQ Trivia was removed from the App Store following a controversial ending to a $25K game on Sunday night, according to Business Insider.
HQ has introduced a new high-stakes version of the game where one winner takes home a larger prize. However, on Sunday night, no one won the $25K.
The company posted on its Twitter account that moderators kick players who break the company's TOS.
HQ moderators kick players that violate HQ's Terms of Service and Contest Rules. For more information, please refer to our Terms of Service here: https://t.co/septsPVgOm — HQ Trivia (@hqtrivia) March 19, 2018
HQ would not be specific about what rules were broken, but BI reports that Twitter users had suggested it was due to jailbroken iPhones, which could be running software that gives users a leg up in the trivia competition.
For those who missed the game last night, two players remained for the final question. One was removed due to breaking the TOS, and the remaining player missed the last question, resulting in no winner.
Cheating seems to be a growing problem with HQ Trivia. There are countless guides online about how to cheat, including obvious methods like using voice dictation and a second device to Google search each question. The time limit makes that more difficult, but not impossible.
But as HQ grows its prize pot — the original prize was $1000 — cheating on the platform, and the methods by which people cheat, is only bound to intensify.
Even more bizarre, the app was seemingly removed from the App Store following the game. It has since re-appeared on the App Store.
HQ says that last night's game and HQ's removal from the App Store are unrelated events. A spokesperson from the company confirmed Mashable's report that the app was removed because of a clerical error. Long story short, someone at HQ forgot to update the expired credit card info in the developer portal of the App Store.
App analytics firm Apptopia confirmed that HQ Trivia was removed from the App Store briefly, and that it has been falling in ranking for the past 30 to 60 days.
We reached out to Apple and haven't heard back. We will report back as soon as we know more.
Kaman Aerospace Group Inc. (Bloomfield, Conn.) and India-based Kineco Limited (Kineco) announced Kaman has increased its stake in the parties' Indian manufacturing joint venture Kineco Kaman Composites India Pvt. Ltd. to 49%. The Goa-based joint venture manufactures advanced composite structures for aerospace, imaging/medical, and other industries for customers including BAE Systems, Hindustan Aeronautics Limited and Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- A day after placing defenseman P.K. Subban on injured reserve with an upper-body injury, Nashville Predators general manager David Poile is hopeful the former Norris Trophy winner's stay on IR is brief.
"I think his timeframe is going to be a good one," Poile said Monday. "I've got my fingers crossed on that."
Subban has not played in a game since Dec. 15 and has missed Nashville's last seven contests due to the injury. When placing the blueliner on injured reserve Sunday, the team said Subban will be re-evaluated in two to three weeks. The Predators are 3-2-2 in his absence.
The Predators expect P.K. Subban to return sooner rather than later. Christopher Hanewinckel-USA TODAY Sports
Poile met with reporters Monday after a public practice to discuss the injury and the uncertainty about when the Predators can expect Subban back in the lineup.
"When you do that, just like when we said it is day to day, it is just a little bit of a guesstimate in terms of where he is at," Poile said. "We thought that he would be back sooner, but sometimes this is what happens with injuries."
Poile noted that Subban has been working out every day and has skated some. Subban is scheduled to talk with reporters Tuesday morning.
Subban leads all Nashville defensemen with seven goals this season. His average ice time of 25:03 per game ranks second on the team, behind only fellow defenseman Roman Josi.
"Whenever you miss a player of his abilities, it takes away from your lineup and everybody's very curious as to what's going on," Poile said.
Entering Monday's action, the Predators are fifth in the Central Division and 10th in the Western Conference.
Poile has been active in the trade market in recent years. Asked if Subban's progress might prompt the general manager to acquire a defenseman, Poile said he is expecting Subban back in the next couple weeks.
"Hopefully if I get that date wrong, if it's off, he's still coming back," Poile said. "It's not like he's not coming back."
Asked if the Predators had ruled out the possibility of surgery, a team spokesman stepped in and said, "We're not talking any more about that."
The Predators host the Montreal Canadiens on Tuesday night. The Canadiens sent Subban to Nashville in a blockbuster June 29 deal that sent then Predator captain Shea Weber to Montreal.
Weber, who played his 800th career NHL game Saturday, will play his first-ever road game in Nashville Tuesday. He leads the Canadiens in ice time per game at 26:02, and his eight power-play goals lead all NHL defensemen.
Maurice Hamilton looks back on his first ever visit to Suzuka for the Japanese Grand Prix. (2:12)
Kimi Raikkonen's crash in final practice has forced Ferrari to change the gearbox in his car, meaning he will drop five places from wherever he qualifies in Japan.
Ferrari arrived at Suzuka boosted by the news it had saved the gearbox in Sebastian Vettel's car after a cool-down-lap shunt with Lance Stroll in Malaysia. Coming into the weekend, Mercedes confirmed a change in the car of Valtteri Bottas, giving the Ferraris an opportunity to put pressure on championship leader Lewis Hamilton in qualifying.
However, in Saturday morning's session, Raikkonen lost control of his car at the second Degner, sliding off the road and into the wall. Teammate Vettel had been caught out by the corner earlier in the session but escaped without damage. The damage to the left of Raikkonen's car gave Ferrari's mechanics a busy repair job in the gap between FP3 and qualifying.
Sutton Images
Ahead of the session, it was confirmed the gearbox has been changed, which means a penalty because the regulations state each unit must last six consecutive events.
Raikkonen joins a growing list of drivers with a penalty this weekend: as well as fellow Finn Bottas, Jolyon Palmer faces a 20-place penalty due to an engine change on his Renault, Toro Rosso's Carlos Sainz has 25, while Fernando Alonso will have 35 places to serve after another Honda engine failure on home turf.
ISLAMABAD, Jul 04 (APP):Chief Justice of Pakistan (CJP) Mian Saqib Nisar on Wednesday donated Rs 1 million as an initiative for the construction of dams.
Showing his commitments to meet the challenge of water crisis and electricity load-shedding in the country, Justice Nisar took the first step, an SC press release said.
Staff Reporter
Islamabad
International Centre for Agriculture Research. in Dry Areas (ICARDA) is implementing projects on Water and Soil in Pakistan in close Collaboration with the National and Provincial research and development institutions of the country. The projects are sponsored by the United State Department of Agriculture (USDA). The main objectives of the projects are to increase crop production, soil health, water use efficiency and conservation through diffusion and adoption of technologies and practices by farming communities. Accordingly, a final meeting of ICARDA-USDA projects on “Soil Fertility & Soil Health” and Watershed Rehabilitation & Irrigation practices was held at PARC- National Agricultural Research Centre (NARC) from 29-30 May, 2018.
Addressing to the participants, Sikandar Hayat Bosan, Federal Minister for National Food Security & Research said that the projects on “Water Rehabilitating and Best Soil Fertility and Soil Health Management Technologies” for farmers is no doubt a generous assistance to Pakistan by the US Government. The Federal Minister further added, in Pakistan fertility and health of soil is deteriorated because of low organic matter and unfavorable cultivation practices intensive tillage practices and removal or burning of crop residue, as a result productivity of our land is low. USDA and ICARDA in partnership with Federal and provincial institutions have been successful in introducing new best management practices and technologies for land and water management in Pakistan.
Sikandar Hayat Bosan also shared that on behalf of Govt. of Pakistan, he extends deep gratitude to USA Govt. for its monetary and scientific cooperation in this program. Dr. Munir Ahmed, Acting Chairman, PARC shared that the ICARDA is implementing the project in collaboration with the national partners to disseminate promising land and water management technologies to the farmers to help improve land, water and crop productivity. He appreciated the efforts made by PARC, USDA, ICARD and other partner institutions under this program. He also said that the efforts of agricultural scientists and experts under this program will help Pakistani farmers to improve their irrigation efficiency, crop productivity and farm income and cost of production. Dr. Munir Ahmed appreciated the role of International Centre for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas (ICARDA) for implementing these projects in Pakistan.
He also added that unsustainable management practices in Pakistan have damaged soil fertility and health and there is need to suggest measures through soil testing advisory services for the improvement of soil fertility using suitable fertilizers and avoiding extra expenditure and to control the salinity and diagnose the soil problem and advise the farmers for its reclamation through suitable amendments.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
HALLOCK
A city man was sexually involved with a teenage girl for the last 18 months to 2 years, police said.
Richard Hallock, 40, 1028 Crown Ave., Apt. 3, is charged with sexual assault, involuntary deviate sexual intercourse of a person less than 16 years old and related charges following his arrest Tuesday. The city police special victim's unit started investigating Hallock on Tuesday, after detectives received information that Hallock was seen talking to the girl, 15, earlier in the day.
Investigators interviewed the girl at the Children's Advocacy Center of Northeastern Pennsylvania. She initially denied any contact with Hallock and said she just said hello to him as he passed by that morning in his vehicle.
Police received permission to search the girl's phone and found Hallock's name contained in the Snapchat app on the phone, conversations between the two that indicated a relationship and a folder in the app that contained graphic photos of the girl, according to court documents.
Police then talked to the girl again, who told them she and Hallock had been in a sexual relationship on and off for 18 months to two years, police said.
Detectives arranged an interview with Hallock at police headquarters. Hallock initially denied any contact with the girl, but after detectives told him they had gone through the girl's phone, he told police he had sex with the girl between eight and 10 times and was aware of her age, according to court documents.
Bail and preliminary hearing information for Hallock was not available Tuesday night.
Contact the writer:
cover@timesshamrock.com
@ClaytonOver on Twitter
LAHORE, June 14 (APP): Prominent singer, Shahida Mini has said that sub-standard music is damaging Pakistani culture and original music.
Talking to APP here on Wednesday, she said that new sub-standard music was nothing except jumping and dancing.
She urged the cultural bodies to arrange cultural shows where in traditional music and folk songs should be presented.
She said that traditional music was the real music and Pakistan was known worldwide for the music.
Netflix has renewed its Danish sci-fi thriller “The Rain” for a second season, the streaming giant announced Wednesday. The news comes less than a month after the eight-episode first season debuted on Netflix on May 4. The second season will shoot later this year for a 2019 launch.
The first Danish original series commissioned by Netflix, “The Rain” follows two young siblings who embark on a perilous search for safety after a brutal virus wipes out most of the population.
“'The Rain'has a relatable and human story at its core and touches on universal themes everyone can identify with,” said Kelly Luegenbiehl, vice president of international originals at Netflix. “The fact that season one reached audiences all over the world, proves once again that strong stories can transcend borders.”
Created by Jannik Tai Mosholt, Esben Toft Jacobsen and Christian Potalivo, “The Rain” stars Alba August, Mikkel Boe Følsgaard, Lucas Lynggaard Tønnesen, Lars Simonsen, Sonny Lindberg, Jessica Dinnage, Lukas Løkken and Johannes Kuhnke.
Obit Robert Taylor, who oversaw the creation of the internet's precursor ARPANET, the computer mouse and the first GUI-based personal computer, has died after a long illness. He was 85.
For over 50 years, Bob Taylor was at the forefront of research into computing. He had a hand in many of the technologies we take for granted today, and it's his role in the birth of the internet that brought him lasting fame in the industry.
Taylor was born on February 10, 1932, in Dallas, Texas, and was adopted by a traveling Yale-educated reverend and his wife. In his early years Taylor's schooling was sporadic, and while at university in Texas he pursued many interests, eventually ending up with a major in experimental psychology and minors in mathematics, philosophy, English and religion.
Psychology didn't pay the bills for his family, so Taylor moved into engineering in the 1950s, helping build nuclear missiles, which led to a job at NASA. In 1961, while a program manager at the US space agency, he helped fund Douglas Engelbart's work at the Stanford Research Institute, which led to the invention of the first computer mouse.
It was in his role at the Pentagon's Advanced Research Projects Agency in the latter half of the 1960s that Taylor had arguably his greatest impact. He grew frustrated that none of the computers run by ARPA could connect together across the country, and in 1966 he commissioned and helped develop a network to do just that.
ARPANET took roughly three years of planning and funding wrangles before getting off the ground. Back then was just a very limited packet-switching network, however it provided the backbone for the modern internet and the subsequent development of the World Wide Web.
Contrary to popular belief, ARPANET was not designed as a distributed network that could survive a nuclear war. Taylor once told your humble Reg hack defense top-brass knew that the second the bombs started going off, the electro-magnetic pulses would knock everything offline. But it was a good line to feed to US Congress in the fight to get funding.
He continued to work for ARPA, including a stint in Vietnam with the US Army setting up computer networks in Saigon. He also wrote a paper [PDF] in 1968 titled "The Computer as a Communication Device,” with top computer scientist J.C.R. Licklider: it was a blueprint for today's computer networks.
With ARPANET up and running, Taylor wanted another challenge. So in 1970 he left and went to work at the famed Xerox PARC braintrust, which has since proved pivotal to the development of today's technologies – such as networking, laser printers, and the graphical user interface.
Taylor pioneered an informal style of meetings at PARC, usually in circles of beanbags and comfy seats, which large chunks of Silicon Valley have since copied. While at PARC he led the team that, in 1972, built the Alto, the first computer built around a proper desktop GUI. It was this computer that, in 1979, inspired Steve Jobs to commission a mouse-driven graphical operating system for the Apple Lisa, just like PARC's design.
Jobs being Jobs, he went ballistic at Microsoft a few years later for building a rival GUI system called Windows. This led to an infamous face off between Jobs and Bill Gates that has since entered Silicon Valley lore.
"You're ripping us off!" Steve apparently yelled at Bill in a meeting.
"Well, Steve, I think there's more than one way of looking at it. I think it's more like we both had this rich neighbor named Xerox and I broke into his house to steal the TV set and found out that you had already stolen it," Gates is reputed to have shot back.
Had Xerox actually taken more of PARC's creations to market, the photocopier giant would not be in the mess it's in today. Xerox's lack of courage at the time was immensely frustrating for Taylor. After years of trying to get management to see what they had, Taylor left and went to work for Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC). There, in 1983, he set up the Systems Research Center that later cranked out the world's first multi-threaded Unix system and the early web search engine, Alta Vista.
In later years, Taylor's pivotal role in the technology industry was recognized with honors and awards, but he wasn't very impressed. When President Clinton awarded him a National Medal of Technology and Innovation in 1999 he didn't even bother flying to Washington, DC to pick it up.
Taylor retired in 1996 although kept his hand in working on new networking challenges with a variety of employers before ill heath took its toll. He was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease and died on Thursday at his home in Woodside, California.
He is survived by three sons and three grandchildren. ®
Two Indian Air Force (IAF) pilots – R Ahlawat and SS Rao – were awarded the Vayu Sena Medal for Gallantry from President Ram Nath Kovind on 71st Indian Independence Day.
Despite Injuries & WindBlast, he Saved the Aircraft & People.For Act of gallantry, WgCdr R Ahlawat awarded VSM (Gallantry) by the President. pic.twitter.com/LX6rNoTfsr — Indian Air Force (@IAF_MCC) August 15, 2017
For Act of Exceptional #Courage & #Valour beyond the #CallofDuty, WgCdr (now Gp Capt) SS Rao awarded VSM (Gallantry) by the President. pic.twitter.com/0phDCTof7A — Indian Air Force (@IAF_MCC) August 15, 2017
On 26 Jul 2016, Wing Commander Ravinder Ahlawat was carrying out a 'Range Instructional Technique' over the Pokharan Range when his aircraft experienced a bird strike. It shattered the aircraft's canopy and completely damaged Ahlawat's helmet, “injuring his face, neck, arms and chest resulting in profuse bleeding and nearly incapacitating him,” reports a post on IAF's facebook page.
“Due to the injuries, blood streaming down his face and bird remains, Wg Cdr Ahlawat had limited vision available from his left eye only. Despite the nature of his injuries, shock of impact, high wind blast and minimal reaction time since the aircraft was flying at low level, he took all the emergency actions correctly to save the aircraft and people of a village in close vicinity of the Pokharan range,” the post added.
Wing Commander Subhash Singh Rao (presently Group Captain) received the medal after he successfully executed the landing of his MiG aircraft despite the aircraft's main wheel being misaligned.
On 10 Oct 2016, Rao was coming back to land his MiG-21 (Bis) Sqn aircraft post an Air Test sortie, when he was informed that the starboard main wheel of his aircraft was misaligned.
“This abnormality, a serious defect, would have resulted in pilot abandoning the aircraft through ejection. This potentially hazardous situation would have resulted in total loss of the aircraft, decapitating injuries to pilot as well as loss of property on ground. The situation was averted due to the timely decision taken by Wing Commander Subhash Singh Rao. In a very short time he was able to correctly assess the situation at hand and correlate the emergency with a similar incident. He exercised extreme caution and displayed precision flying of the highest degree and took a courageous decision to execute the landing of the aircraft under stress. On landing, the wheel of the aircraft failed and the aircraft started going off the runway. Wing Commander Subhash Singh Rao displayed superior skills in maintaining control of the aircraft and stopped the aircraft on the runway, thereby saving the aircraft,” said another post of IAF's FB page.
Choosing a specific career in the field of app development, web design, and 3D-animation can be tough — each is a growing field with high demand for specialists, and you have many interests. What if you want to learn them all? How can you afford the education needed for each career, and where will you find the time to go back to school?
Stone River Academy might be the answer you're looking for; they've put together what can be likened to a complete tech-education bundle. Courses for all levels of knowledge are available, and you can learn at your own pace; course availability stays open indefinitely thanks to a lifetime subscription. Master app development, web design, 3D-animation, coding languages, and more. You have the ambition and you can squeeze time into your busy schedule, but how can this be affordable?
Enter Android Central Digital Offers. Right now, we're offering this lifetime subscription with over 110 courses and over 2000 hours of content for only $89. That's no mistake — that's a 93% discount off the regular $1445. You're essentially paying a one-time fee to be enrolled for life. No matter what comes in the future, you'll be already set up to tackle it. Talk about a head start.
NATIONAL
Lee Myung-bak (Yonhap)
Prosecutors on Monday requested an arrest warrant for former President Lee Myung-bak, who is suspected of 20 criminal charges including bribery, embezzlement and power abuse.As Lee has denied most of the allegations against him, the prosecution viewed him as at risk of destroying evidence. The allegations against him include bribery of some 11 billion won ($10.3 million) from the state spy agency, individuals and conglomerates, such as Samsung.The former president, who was in office from 2008 to 2013, is also viewed as the real owner of auto parts maker DAS, which has been involved in several irregularities, such as creating a slush fund totaling some 30 billion won.In a 21-hour-long interrogation session that started Wednesday, Lee flatly denied his involvement in the wrongdoings, saying he was not aware of the incidents and that testimonies and evidence gathered by the prosecution have been fabricated.If an arrest warrant is issued, it would be the first time that two former presidents are in detention, with Lee's successor currently standing trial behind bars.Ousted President Park Geun-hye was arrested on March 31 last year, 10 days after she was questioned by the prosecution over a massive influence-peddling scandal that led to her impeachment.Lee was the fifth former president to be questioned by the prosecution.Lee admitted to receiving $100,000 from the state spy agency, which appears to have gone to his wife Kim Yoon-ok, but refused to reveal how the money was used.The prosecution has reportedly been looking into a fresh allegation that Lee received illicit funds from a Buddhist monk in exchange for solicitation.Before the presidential election in December 2007, Lee allegedly obtained 200 million won from chief monk Jikwang, who sought for Lee's influence in establishing a Buddhist university.His close aide Kim Paik-joon, who is currently standing trial over bribery linked to Lee, testified he received the illicit fund on behalf of Lee, and that the monk also appears to have admitted to his wrongdoing.Prosecutors are also considering summoning Lee's wife, Kim Yoon-ok, as they suspect she received illegal funds worth 500 million won from a former chief of a bank, and embezzled 400 million won via a DAS corporate credit card for her private use.By Jo He-rim ( herim@heraldcorp.com
Members of the federal Labor caucus are all clear of any citizenship problems due to checks before they run for parliament, says the party's national secretary.
Labor's national secretary says every member of the federal caucus has been elected properly.
Noah Carroll said a critical part of the ALP candidate process was the requirement to declare the citizenship status of parents and grandparents.
"Where there are any issues with respect to dual citizenship - potential or otherwise - candidates are required to take all reasonable steps to renounce and satisfy the requirements of Section 44," Mr Carroll said.
That section of the constitution bans any dual citizens from parliament.
"A candidate will not be nominated by the ALP without being cleared through this process," Mr Carroll said.
"We are confident every member of the Labor caucus has been properly elected."
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on Monday invited Bill Shorten to bring forward the names of any Labor MPs who could have questions about their eligibility, so the High Court could test it.
Mr Shorten wrote back declining the offer, saying Labor had the "strictest processes in place".
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - German trade fair operator Messe Muenchen said it was committed to its operations in Turkey despite having been on a Turkish blacklist of German companies suspected of backing terrorism.
"We do not question our engagement there," Klaus Dittrich, chairman and chief executive of Messe Muenchen, told German newspaper Welt am Sonntag. "We are not expanding there for the time being but we are not pulling out."
Turkey was reported last month to have given Berlin a list of almost 700 German firms it was targeting for suspected links to last year's coup attempt. Turkey denied it had given Germany such a list.
Three weeks ago, Germany said Turkey had formally withdrawn the blacklist, blaming it on a "communications problem".
Dittrich said Messe Muenchen had "evidently" been on this list.
Messe Muenchen currently holds two events in Istanbul: transportation and logistics fair Logitrans and environmental technology fair IFAT Eurasia.
(Reuters) - Punxsutawney Phil, the weather-forecasting groundhog, emerged from his burrow in Pennsylvania on Friday, saw his shadow and predicted six more weeks of winter, despite his rival Staten Island Chuck in New York predicting an early spring.
Phil's prognostication, which was delivered at about 7:20 am EST, was met with a mix of cheers and groans from thousands of revelers on Friday who gathered in the town of Punxsutawney about 80 miles (120 km) northeast of Pittsburgh.
Even though they have endured record-breaking freezing temperatures and an unusually powerful winter storm known as a “bomb cyclone,” North Americans should expect winter to stretch on, according to the furry Pennsylvania critter.
But another celebrated groundhog, Chuck in the New York City borough of Staten Island, did not see his shadow on Friday and instead predicted an early spring. Chuck is known for biting then-Mayor Michael Bloomberg during the ceremony in 2009.
Slideshow (10 Images)
According to legend, if the groundhog emerges from his dwelling and sees his shadow, six more weeks of winter should be expected. But if there is no shadow, spring will make an early arrival.
Groundhogs, portly animals belonging to the squirrel family, have been offering weather predictions in Punxsutawney, which has a population of about 6,000 people, since 1887.
The town's annual Groundhog Day event, made more popular by the 1993 comedy film “Groundhog Day” starring Bill Murray, draws people from as far away as Australia and Russia. This year was the 132nd ceremony.
Canada has its own share of weather-forecasting mascots, including Wiarton Willie, an albino groundhog who is also due to make his spring prediction on Friday in southern Ontario.
Riyadh — Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques King Salman has sent a cable of condolences to Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan following the armed attack in Istanbul which resulted in deaths of 39 people and dozens of injuries.
The King said, “We have received with deep sorrow the news of the armed attack in Istanbul which resulted in deaths and injuries.
“We strongly condemn this cowardly terrorist act and stress that the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia will stand with the Republic of Turkey and its people against anyone who tries to undermine its security and stability.
“We, in my name and on behalf of the government and the people of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, offer our condolences to Your Excellency, the brotherly people of the Republic of Turkey and the families of the victims, and wish the injured a speedy recovery.”
Similar cables of condolences were sent by Crown Prince Muhammad Bin Naif, deputy premier and minister of interior, and Deputy Crown Prince Muhammad Bin Salman, second deputy premier and minister of defense.
Five of the dead were from Saudi Arabia.
The shooting at the Reina nightclub on the shores of Istanbul's Bosphorus waterway shook Turkey as it tries to recover from a failed July coup and a series of deadly bombings in cities including Istanbul and the capital Ankara.
Some people jumped into the Bosphorus to save themselves after the attacker began shooting at random just over an hour into the new year. Witnesses described diving under tables as he walked around spraying bullets from an automatic rifle.
Nationals of Saudi Arabia, Morocco, Lebanon, Libya, Israel, India, a Turkish-Belgian dual citizen and a Franco-Tunisian woman were among those killed, officials said.
Arriving by taxi, the gunman produced a weapon, reportedly a Kalashnikov, and shot dead a policeman and civilian at the entrance.
According to the Hurriyet daily, the gunman then fired off four magazines containing a total of 120 bullets around the club, as terrified guests flung themselves into the freezing waters of the Bosphorus in panic.
But after changing clothes, the gunman left the nightclub in the ensuing chaos and has managed to evade security forces.
Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu said Sunday that intense efforts were under way to find the gunman, and expressed hope that he would be captured soon.
Turkish police, meanwhile, detained eight people in connection to the attack but were still hunting for the gunman who disappeared amid the chaos of the attack.
Turkey's state-run Anadolu Agency said eight people were taken into custody by Istanbul anti-terrorism squads and they are being questioned at Istanbul's main police headquarters. It did not provide further information on the suspects.
Late on Sunday, police rushed to Istanbul's Kurucesme district after a tip-off but the operation did not produce any arrest.
“The danger continues,” wrote columnist Abdulkadir Selvi in Hurriyet.
“So long as this terrorist is not seized we do not know when and where a massacre could take place.”
Hurriyet said investigators believe the attacker may be from the Central Asian states of Kyrgyzstan or Uzbekistan.
Investigators also consider it possible that the attacker is linked to the same cell that in June carried out a triple suicide bombing and gun attack at Istanbul's Ataturk airport that left 47 people dead, the paper added.
Published:
The Inspector General of Police (IGP), Ibrahim Idris has decorated Commissioner of Police (CP) Danjuma Ibrahim with his new rank of Assistant Inspector General of Police (AIG), after being acquitted over alleged killing of five traders and a woman in 2005 at Apo, Abuja.
Ibrahim was suspended from duty and charged on allegation of extra-judicial killing alongside Othaman Abdulsalam, Nicholas Zakaria, Baba Emmanuel, Ezekiel Acheneje and Sadiq Salami as co-defendants for felony.
An FCT High Court Presided by Justice Ishaq Bello discharged and acquitted Danjuma who was the first accused person, while Emmanuel and Acheneje were sentenced to death.
In December 2017 shortly after his acquittal was promoted from the rank of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) to the rank of Commissioner of Police.
Daily Trust gathered that he was since then been on course in Jos, Plateau state, today he was decorated to the rank of Assistant Inspector General of Police along with CP, Istafanus Shettima and CP Jimoh Omeiza Ozi-Obea.
Others decorated from the rank of DCP to CPs, include, Bello Yahaya, Mukaddas Garba, Dasuki Galandanchi, Fave Semali and Sadiq Abubakar.
Share This
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
While countless men put on extra effort to be romantic for Valentine's Day, Gigi Hadid revealed that there was no need for Zayn Malik to do the same.
You see, the supermodel revealed that her boyfriend is romantic all the time.
So no bunch of red roses or box or chocolates are required.
“Everyday,” she commented, sharing a picture of herself kissing Zayn.
(Photo: Instagram/gigihadid)
The candid black and white selfie showed the two madly in love.
And fans rushed to praise the “perfect” couple calling them “goals”.
Yesterday, Gigi wore her Valentine on her heart by stepping out in a T-shirt dedicated to her boyfriend.
The supermodel, who began dating Zayn in 2015, proudly showed off her love for the former One Direction star while out in New York on February 14.
Her black sleeveless vest was emblazoned with Zayn's name and a photo of the ex-boybander.
(Photo: Splash News)
(Photo: Splash News)
(Photo: Getty)
But to be fair to Zayn, when they met at the birthday, both were in different relationships and it was just as friends. It was after the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show, when they were both single, that sparks flew.
Gigi told Ellen DeGeneres: “We actually met at a friend's birthday party a few years ago, then he was in New York to come to the Victoria's Secret show last year, I think. He ended up not coming. I thought, I'll play it cool. I'll go to the after party. He wasn't there. Later that week we ended up going on our first date.
“We played it cool for about ten minutes then I was like, ‘You're really cute'. We connected really quickly and have the same sense of humour, sharing videos.”
(Photo: WireImage)
(Photo: Instagram)
(Photo: Instagram)
Gigi will now be able to declare her love for Zayn with both T-shirts AND emojis, as Zayn revealed on Twitter told that ZaynMojis are now available for iPhone and will follow on Android on February 28.
Not that many details have been revealed about the project, but the official Apple Store website says: “It's finally here! The official ZAYN emoji app created by ZAYN just for you. Whether you love ZAYN for his music, his fashion or just wish he was bae… download ZAYNmoji now and start messaging your friends with ZAYNmoji stickers and GIFs… With over 240 stickers and 3 animations, there's a ZAYNmoji for everything!”
Needless to say, Zayn's fans are pretty excited.
One tweeted: “Omg I will have so much fun with this app.”
Another said: “These are really cool and I love all the details in each of them!!”
A Boeing aircraft belonging to Zimbabwe's new airline has been flown back to Malaysia for a service barely a month after it landed in Harare.
The Boeing 777, which was said to have been registered as Z-RGM in honour of former president Robert Mugabe's initials, will undergo routine maintenance in Malaysia.
Mugabe family interests?
Citing "well-placed sources", a privately owned paper said the plane, which has not yet done a single commercial flight, was flown back on Monday "for A check and other maintenance works".
The plane arrived amid much fanfare in April, freshly painted with the Zimbabwe colours but branded under the name Zimbabwe Airways, rather than Air Zimbabwe, which is the name of Zimbabwe's struggling national airline.
There is speculation the Mugabe family may have an interest in Zimbabwe Airways, especially as Mugabe's son-in-law Simba Chikore helped to pilot the plane across from Malaysia and his daughter Bona was at the airport to meet it.
Expatriate pilots
President Emmerson Mnangagwa's government denies the Mugabes have an interest in the new company though. Zimbabwe is reportedly set to get at least another two Boeing 777s, all bought second hand from Malaysia Airlines.
Experts say though that the Boeing 777 is in impractical plane for Zimbabwe, which struggles to fill its smaller Boeing aircraft on short local and regional routes. Zimbabwe also has no pilots qualified to fly the 777 and has to hire expensive expatriates.
Air Zimbabwe is currently struggling beneath a debt of more than $300 million, blamed on years of mismanagement.
News24
Coming off a dazzling the best picture win for Barry Jenkins' “Moonlight,” distributor A24 has locked in a wide-ranging slate of awards season players. Since last we checked, the company has acquired Greta Gerwig's “Lady Bird” (Nov. 10), which joins Kate and Laura Mulleavy's “Woodshock” (Sept. 22), Sean Baker's “The Florida Project” (Oct. 6), Yorgos Lanthimos' “The Killing of a Sacred Deer” (Oct. 27) and James Franco's “The Disaster Artist” (Dec. 1) in an appropriately eclectic stable.
(Andrew Haigh's “Lean on Pete” is also in the quiver, bowing at the Venice film festival later this month, but it is likely to be a 2018 release.)
The question in all of this is how far A24 can make it through the season with how many of these drastically different projects. “Lady Bird” has a good shot at wide-ranging appeal, tackling terrain similar to one of the company's 2016 players, “20th Century Women.” But Baker's Cannes sensation is an exciting option.
Many have been drawing facile parallels between “The Florida Project” and “Moonlight,” presumably for no other reason than both are set in the Sunshine State and tell stories of the underrepresented. But it admittedly makes for a helpful shorthand in insinuating a movie like this into the season.
The film tells the story of Moonee (Brooklynn Prince), a precocious 6-year-old girl who lives with her mother Halley (Bria Vinaite) in a community of extended-stay motel guests in pastel-streaked Orlando. It's a hard life seen through the eyes of youthful adventure, a tightrope walk, really. And in a world where no one can say with any confidence what an Oscar movie really is anymore, it certainly has a chance.
In particular, Willem Dafoe is sure to be a story this season as a kind-hearted motel manager. Prince is wonderful and magnetic, though duplicating a run like Quvenzhane Wallis' (“Beasts of the Southern Wild”) is a tall order. Vianaite, a non-actor, deserves serious supporting consideration, and it's not hard to see the Screen Actors Guild falling for such an effortlessly natural cast like this.
We'll see what the season has in store, but for now, A24 has revealed the first trailer and poster for the film, which you can view below. “The Florida Project” will transition from Cannes to the Toronto film festival next month before an early October release.
Amer Al Sabaileh
The Turkish “Operation Olive Branch” in northern Syria has been quite chaotic since it began earlier this year, as the targets of the Turkish military are the Kurdish fighters, who are America's only reliable ally in Syria.
On several occasions already, the Pentagon has stood by the Kurds, as Turkey invades their stronghold. In fact, the US support of the Kurds was one of the factors that green lit Turkey's military operation in northern Syria.
The US alliance does not appear to be protecting the Kurds in northern Syria, although the Americans have armed them.
However, the lack of direct backing and support from the US is an interesting decision, as the Kurds are not only in Syria, but can also be a useful ally in Iraq and Iran.
Meanwhile, Moscow has proven effective in keeping Turkey in check in the north of Syria and avoiding a complete collapse, with the Syrian government back in control of most of the region, and avoiding open hostility between Syrians and
Turks.
As such, Russia has not opposed “Operation Olive Branch”, withdrawing their monitoring troops from that area and leveraging those actions to prove a reliable friend to Turkey, which is important given Turkey's history as a United States ally and NATO member.
The Russian objective is to re-impose Syrian control of the north, and manage the Kurdish aspirations, while also demonstrating to the Kurds that their United States alliance is not as reliable as they think and position Russia as the only reliable power that can manage the interests of Syrians, Kurds and Turks.
The US strategy in Syria does not appear to be clear, and this is likely to result in chaos rather than a workable solution. Given that the major players in Syria — Turkey, Iran, Russia and Syria — appear to be positioning against US interests, America is quickly backing itself into a corner and limiting its influence in the situation.
The inconsistent and unpredictable American decisions are creating a sense that the US is not a reliable ally, and it is beginning to push traditional allies to question their position.
This is not just happening in Syria, but across the Gulf and other Middle Eastern processes.
The door is opening for US rivals to position on these issues and deliver outcomes that America has been unable to.
Perhaps the new United States Secretary of State Mike Pompeo can provide more consistency and predictability for allies, as he comes with more influence and a closer relationship with the president, as well as a clear agenda from the CIA.
— Courtesy: Jordan Times
But all he learned from a 24-hour news service was that a royal baby had been born. That 25 individuals had been mowed down by a van on Yonge St. had not yet hit the news.
The code meant mass casualties were en route to Canada's largest trauma centre. Knowing nothing of the incident that prompted this rare emergency alert, Nathens quickly switched on the TV in his office.
When the announcement came over the public address system at Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre at 1:48 p.m. Monday, chief of surgery Dr. Avery Nathens shifted gears. He jumped up from his desk where he had been doing paperwork and changed into scrubs.
“Code orange minor. Please work with your departments to stand by. This is not a drill.”
As Nathens made haste down a flight of stairs to the hospital's emergency department, he wondered how many surgeons he would need to rally for the convoy of ambulances that was soon to arrive. With scant details, it was hard to know.
“As you are walking down, you are asking yourself, ‘how is this going to play out and do we have the capacity?' Then you just do it,” he said, describing a day later how he threw himself into the biggest trauma response the hospital has ever encountered.
Like a large number of hospitals across the country, Sunnybrook operates at full tilt most of the time. On Monday, immediately prior to the van attack, the hospital was already running at 111-per-cent capacity.
There were patients lying on gurneys in the ER hallway, waiting for in-patient beds. And there were patients occupying in-patient beds, waiting to move to long-term care and other community settings.
Despite these stresses, Sunnybrook responded to the Code Orange “superbly,” Nathens said.
“Thankfully, our senior leadership team is committed to preparedness. We drilled and we learned from those drills,” he said, referring to regular mock disasters carried out to test the hospital's ability to respond to mass casualty events.
“We have joined the club unfortunately, but we were ready,” continued Nathens, who also serves as medical director of trauma quality programs of the American College of Surgeons. He was referring to recent mass casualty events in the United States, including last year's shooting in Las Vegas and the 2016 shooting at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Fla.
In the 18 minutes between the Code Orange being called and the first patient from the Yonge St. carnage being rolled into the ER, staff and doctors sprang into action. Hospital vice-president Ru Taggar and director of emergency preparedness Rob Burgess converted a boardroom into an operations centre. They got the ball rolling to ensure the hospital would be able to attend to the 10 patients being transported from the scene.
Patients who could be discharged were sent home. Other patients were transferred to nearby hospitals. And elective surgeries were cancelled so that operating rooms would be free for the incoming.
Taggar said there was no problem getting extra hands on deck. Staff and doctors who were not working Monday offered to come in.
Sunnybrook president Dr. Andy Smith said he was awestruck by the response. He received phone calls and emails from other hospital CEOs, offering the help of their facilities.
“Despite the maligning of our system — and god knows there are a lot of things we have to fix and we have a lot of work ahead of us — the reality is that when bad things happen to you in Toronto or Ontario, you are going to get world-class care, guaranteed. Toronto needs to know that,” Smith exclaimed.
The last time there was a major Code Orange at Sunnybrook was in 2012, when six victims of the Danzig St. shooting in Scarborough were transported there.
But Monday's Code Orange was the largest that veteran trauma surgeon Fred Brenneman has seen: “We get three (trauma patients) at a time sometimes, but this? It was pretty much unprecedented.”
All of the patients arrived in the span of 45 minutes.
Nurse Miranda Lamb, a team leader in the emergency department, served as the incident commander on Monday. She said she knew it was just a matter of time before the hospital would see an emergency of this scale.
“I have had sleepless nights, wondering what my response would be if I was the one in charge.”
Recalling the minutes leading up to 2:06 p.m., when the first patient was rolled into the ER, Lamb said: “I literally took a moment and took a deep breath. I said to myself, ‘Here we go, this is it.'”
She marvels at how the legion of workers involved in the response jumped into their various duties.
“Everybody just went into the roles that they needed to go into, from environmental services to portering, to lab technicians, to nurses and doctors, x-ray technicians, CT techs, everybody,” she said. “Everybody was on task. We were in our bubble.”
Brenneman helped triage patients, determining who needed the most urgent attention. He sent some directly to the OR, some to imaging and others to the trauma bay for immediate intervention.
Two patients arrived at the hospital vital signs absent and were pronounced dead.
The identities of most patients were unknown at first. Brenneman said one of the most difficult parts of the day was dealing with frantic loved ones.
“There was a lot of confusion and uncertainty. You see the pain and anxiousness in the faces of the families … It is extremely important to match the right patient to the right family. To get that wrong is horrible,” he said.
Indeed, there was such a mix-up following the Humboldt Broncos bus crash earlier this month.
Despite the intensity of the day, Brenneman said there was no sense of panic among the doctors and staff. Although they had never encountered that number of traumas in such a short timeframe before, they were able to focus on their individual tasks.
“When it hit the fan, this hospital stepped up amazingly well. It was incredible to watch. There were so many people involved. Everyone upped their game.”
Wall Street Journal Reporter Says Vital Information Was Exposed In NSA Breach NPR's Mary Louise Kelly speaks with writer Shane Harris, one of the journalists who broke the story of the major security breach at the National Security Agency for the Wall Street Journal.
Starting in July, Australians will be blocked from ordering items on Amazon's United States site. The company said today that shoppers in Australia will be redirected to its local site, Amazon.com.au, and that its international sites, including Amazon.com, will no longer ship to Australian addresses. The change is in response to a new tax regulation that goes into effect on July 1 and requires businesses earning more than $75,000 AUD a year to charge Australia's 10% Goods and Services Tax (GST) on low value items imported by consumers.
Called the “Amazon tax,” the new policy was introduced following concerns about the impact of Amazon and other large overseas e-commerce businesses on Australian retailers, who have to apply GST to all products they sell. A loophole in tax regulations, however, means that the GST is currently applied only to items purchased from overseas retailers if they are worth $1,000 AUD or more, which many local companies argued gave Amazon, eBay and other overseas competitors an unfair advantage.
Amazon launched its Australian site last December and says it currently has 60 million products, a fraction of the estimated 500 million products that are listed on Amazon's U.S. site. As a placation, Australian customers will also have access to 4 million products that were previously available only on Amazon.com through its new Global Store.
In a statement emailed to TechCrunch, an Amazon spokesperson said:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc
* Says co's unit Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corp will receive 103,726 shares of Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co., Ltd. and 400,000 shares of Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management (UK) Ltd on April 2
* Says unit will issue 89.1 million shares to the co
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/2jMFS4
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
U.S. Geological Survey Answers Volcano-Marshmallow Question Regarding the erupting volcano in Hawaii, a person asked: "Is it safe to roast marshmallows over volcanic vents — assuming you had a long enough stick? The answer is: No.
SURAT THANI — An unknown number of tourists suffered burns and injuries when a pyrotechnic meltdown prompted panic New Year's Eve on Koh Phangan.
Revelers screamed and ran when a fiery sign reading “Happy New Year 2017” rained fire upon them just after midnight, an incident caught in a number of videos and images posted to social media.
Full story: khaosodenglish.com
By Todd Ruiz
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Last week we launched our Bristol and Bath Health and Care Awards in the search to find some of the cities' incredible healthcare heroes.
In 2017, you nominated some truly remarkable people – from nurses and GPs to volunteers and researchers – across all corners of the public and private sectors.
One such person was Dr Dominique Thompson who went on to win Healthcare Professional of the Year at the event.
Up until this year, Dr Thompson was director of the student's health service at the University of Bristol.
As well as her work as an on-campus GP, Dr Thompson has been active in promoting student health and welfare in Bristol for many years.
Her story, which was brought to our attention by former patient Gareth Griffith who nominated her, was one that struck a chord with us, our readers and ultimately our judges.
In short, Dr Thompson's expertise, along with her empathetic stance and listening ear, saved Gareth from doing something irreversible while battling depression at university.
“While I was in Bristol I felt pretty alienated a lot of the time, and she was one of the people who made me feel comfortable thinking of myself as someone who was struggling rather than a traditionally stoic ‘keep calm carry on' type, which almost killed me,” explained Gareth in his nomination.
“She was also one of the first people who made me feel like it wasn't a weakness to ask for help.
“She made some of my issues bearable and understood that the process of recovering from years of feeling so low wasn't instant.
“She encouraged me to get counselling, encouraged me to talk to friends and family about it, and eventually supported my decision to suspend my university studies for a year.”
Thankfully, Gareth's meeting with Dr Thompson kick-started a road to recover which has allowed Gareth to complete his studies and even finish a PhD scrutinising mental health measurement and modelling at-risk groups across the country.
He added: “For me, Dr Thompson normalised mental health experience, and had such an instinctive grasp of the associated guilt and shame that can come with it.
“That guilt and shame and stigma really does hinder our ability to improve as individuals whilst we live with mental illness, and she demystified that a huge amount for me.
“I think beyond those initial meetings where I was a scared student on the verge of suicide, she has become more - a friend.”
2018 has brought a career change for Dr Thompson, although her positive influence on Bristol's mental health services are still very-much felt.
She has now set up Buzz Consulting – a company that offers advice and support to firms wanting to improve their understanding of young mental health issues.
(Image: David Betts)
Her work has taken her to schools, where she has spoken to teachers, governors and even parents on caring for generation Z and why we as a society are seeing more cases of young people with mental health issues.
She has also offered workshops to GPs to allow them to better support patients with more complex needs.
You can learn more about her work at buzzconsulting.co.uk
Don't forget, if you've received support worth shouting about or care from an incredible team, we want to hear from you. You can nominate anyone from the healthcare sector for an award by visiting http://www.bhealthandcareawards.co.uk/
The Weeknd is coming back to Detroit in November to play the Little Ceasars Arena. Tickets go on sale Friday. (Photo: Geoffroy Van Der Hasselt / AFP/Getty Images)
ON SALE FRIDAY
War on the Catwalk, Fillmore Detroit, July 28, $22.50-$152.50
Declan Mckenna, Magic Stick, Aug. 5, $16
Rockin' Country Music Festival with Billy Ray Cyrus, the Railers, Old Dominion and more, Heritage Park, Sept. 8-9, $25 and up
Bayside, Saint Andrew's Hall, Sept. 14, $22
Tom Jones, Michigan Lottery Amphitheatre at Freedom Hill, Sept. 16, $69.50-$199
Four Year Strong, Saint Andrew's Hall, Sept. 16, $17
Glass Animals, Royal Oak Music Theatre, Sept. 29, $40.50
Gov't Mule, Fillmore Detroit, Oct. 12, $32.50-$75
Andrew W.K., Saint Andrew's Hall, Oct. 18, $20
La Femme, Shelter, Oct. 22, $20
Ben Folds, Fillmore Detroit, Oct. 27, $35-$65
Mutemath, Saint Andrew's Hall, Oct. 27, $25
The Weeknd, Little Caesars Arena, Nov. 1, $39.75-$150.75
Tegan and Sara, Masonic Temple's Cathedral Theatre, Nov. 5, $29.50-$59.50
Slowdive, Majestic Theatre, Nov. 8, $35
HIM, Fillmore Detroit, Nov. 11, $40-$75
Odesza, Masonic Temple, Nov. 14, $45 and up
Celtic Thunder, Fox Theatre, Dec. 6, $20-$50
ON SALE NOW
“Wait Wait ... Don't Tell Me,” Fox Theatre, June 15
Saliva, Saint Andrew's Hall, June 15
John Legend, Meadow Brook Amphitheatre, June 16
Sam Hunt, DTE Energy Music Theatre, June 16
Forgotten Harvest's 25th annual Comedy Night with Seth Meyers, Fox Theatre, June 17
Bone Thugs-N-Harmony, Fillmore Detroit, June 17
Second annual Jazz Spectacular with Pieces of a Dream, Avery Sunshine, Eric Roberson and more, Michigan Lottery Amphitheatre at Freedom Hill, June 18
Nickelback, DTE Energy Music Theatre, June 24
Jarabe de Palo, Shelter, June 24
Train with O.A.R. and Natasha Bedingfield, DTE Energy Music Theatre, June 25
311, Fillmore Detroit, June 25
R5, Saint Andrew's Hall, June 27
Enrique Iglesias and Pitbull, The Palace of Auburn Hills, June 28
New Kids on the Block with Paula Abdul and Boyz II Men, The Palace of Auburn Hills, June 29
Steve Miller Band with Peter Frampton, Michigan Lottery Amphitheatre at Freedom Hill, July 1
Lindsey Buckingham and Christine McVie, Fox Theatre, July 2
Dispatch, Meadow Brook Amphitheatre, July 2
Hank Williams Jr., Michigan Lottery Amphitheatre at Freedom Hill, July 3
Robert Cray Band, MGM Grand Detroit, July 7
Slightly Stoopid, Fillmore Detroit, July 7
King Lil G, Shelter, July 7
Willie Nelson & Family, Bob Dylan and His Band, Jason Isbell and the 400 Unit, Sheryl Crow and Lukas Nelson & Promise of the Real, Joe Louis Arena, July 8
Buddy Guy and Jonny Lang, Meadow Brook Amphitheatre, July 8
Smokey Robinson, Chene Park, July 8
KISS FEST 2017 with Guy, Teddy Riley and Aaron Hall, Tony! Toni! Tone!, Dru Hill, Jagged Edge and After 7, Freedom Hill, July 8
Boston with Joan Jett & the Blackhearts, DTE Energy Music Theatre, July 9
MercyMe and more, Meadow Brook Amphitheatre, July 9
Jimmy Buffett and the Coral Reefer Band, DTE Energy Music Theatre, July 11
Boz Scaggs and Michael McDonald, Michigan Lottery Amphitheatre at Freedom Hill, July 11
Metallica, Comerica Park, July 12
“Hockey — the Musical,” City Theatre, July 13-Aug. 6
Kenny Rogers, Meadow Brook Amphitheatre, July 14
Cece Winans, Sound Board at MotorCity Casino Hotel, July 14
Mystery Science Theater 3000, Royal Oak Music Theatre, July 14
Who's Bad — The Ultimate Michael Jackson Experience, Saint Andrew's Hall, July 14
Postmodern Jukebox and Straight No Chaser, Meadow Brook Amphitheatre, July 15
AFI and Circa Survive, Fillmore Detroit, July 15
Chicago and the Doobie Brothers, DTE Energy Music Theatre, July 16
Caravan Palace, Saint Andrew's Hall, July 16
Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers with Peter Wolf, DTE Energy Music Theatre, July 18
Violent Femmes and Echo & the Bunnymen, Meadow Brook Amphitheatre, July 18
OneRepublic with Fitz and the Tantrums and James Arthur, DTE Energy Music Theatre, July 19
Queen + Adam Lambert, The Palace of Auburn Hills, July 20
All-Time Low, Royal Oak Music Theatre, July 20
Primus with Clutch, Michigan Lottery Amphitheatre at Freedom Hill, July 20
Jim Gaffigan, DTE Energy Music Theatre, July 21
“The Vagina Monologues” with Teresa Giudice, Kenya Moore and Brandi Glanville, Andiamo Celebrity Showroom, June 22
J. Cole, The Palace of Auburn Hills, July 23
“Bring' It,” Fox Theatre, July 23
Incubus with Jimmy Eat World and Judah & the Lion, DTE Energy Music Theatre, July 23
Tedeschi Trucks Band with Wood Brothers and Hot Tuna, Meadow Brook Amphitheatre, July 23
The Temptations and the Four Tops with the Spinners and the Stylistics, Michigan Lottery Amphitheatre at Freedom Hill, July 23
Tim and Eric 10-Year Anniversary Awesome Tour, Royal Oak Music Theatre, July 23
Amos Lee and Lake Street Drive, Meadow Brook Amphitheatre, July 24
Styx and Reo Speedwagon with Don Felder, DTE Energy Music Theatre, July 25
Kendrick Lamar with Travis Scott and D.R.A.M., The Palace of Auburn Hills, July 26
Dashboard Confessional with All-American Rejects, Fillmore Detroit, July 26
The Aquabats, Saint Andrew's Hall, July 26
The Beach Boys with the Righteous Brothers, Michigan Lottery Amphitheatre at Freedom Hill, July 27
Demetri Martin, Meadow Brook Amphitheatre, July 28
“Dancing with the Stars: Live!,” Fox Theatre, July 28
Piebald, Shelter, July 28
“WWE Live SummerSlam Heatwave Tour,” Joe Louis Arena, July 29
Bell Biv DeVoe, EnVogue and SWV, Chene Park, July 29
Kidz Bop Best Time Ever Tour, Meadow Brook Amphitheatre, July 29
Neurosis and Converge, Saint Andrew's Hall, July 29
Korn with Stone Sour, Baby Metal, Skillet, Yelawolf, Islander and Ded, DTE Energy Music Theatre, July 30
Lifehouse and Switchfoot, Meadow Brook Amphitheatre, July 30
Rancid and Dropkick Murphy's with Bouncing Souls and Jake Burns, Freedom Hill, July 31
Banks, Majestic Theatre, July 31
Rod Stewart with Cyndi Lauper, DTE Energy Music Theatre, Aug. 1
Mary J. Blige, Michigan Lottery Amphitheatre at Freedom Hill, Aug. 1
Joshua Radin and Rachael Yamagata, Saint Andrew's Hall, Aug. 1
Roger Waters, The Palace of Auburn Hills, Aug. 2
Gordon Lightfoot, Meadow Brook Amphitheatre, Aug. 2
Goo Goo Dolls with Phillip Phillips, Meadow Brook Amphitheatre, Aug. 3
89X Birthday Bash with Young the Giant with Cold War Kids and Joywave, Michigan Lottery Amphitheatre at Freedom Hill, Aug. 3
Retro Futura with Howard Jones, English Beat, Men Without Hats, Modern English, Paul Young and Katrina, Meadow Brook Amphitheatre, Aug. 4
Lyle Lovett, Michigan Theater, Aug. 4
R. Kelly, Chene Park, Aug. 5
Fastball, Saint Andrew's Hall, Aug. 5
Linkin Park with Machine Gun Kelly, DTE Energy Music Theatre, Aug. 7
James Taylor & His All-Star Band with Bonnie Raitt, DTE Energy Music Theatre, Aug. 8
Pentatonix, Meadow Brook Amphitheatre, Aug. 9
Gloria Trevi and Alejandra Guzmán, DTE Energy Music Theatre, Aug. 10
Carlos Santa, Michigan Lottery Amphitheatre at Freedom Hill, Aug. 9
Tower of Power, Sound Board at MotorCity Casino Hotel, Aug. 10
Foreigner with Cheap Trick and Jason Bonham's Led Zeppelin Experience, DTE Energy Music Theatre, Aug. 11
Idina Menzel, Meadow Brook Amphitheatre, Aug. 11
Bruno Mars, The Palace of Auburn Hills, Aug. 12
The Chick Corea Elektric Band and Bela Fleck & the Flecktones, Michigan Lottery Amphitheatre at Freedom Hill, Aug. 12
Rumors — A Tribute to Fleetwood Mac, Saint Andrew's Hall, Aug. 12
Brantley Gilbert with Tyler Farr and Luke Combs, DTE Energy Music Theatre, Aug. 13
Michael Franti & Spearhead, Royal Oak Music Theatre, Aug. 13
Kings of Leon, DTE Energy Music Theatre, Aug. 14
Yes with Todd Rundgren and Carl Palmer's ELP Legacy, DTE Energy Music Theatre, Aug. 17
The Accidentals, Saint Andrew's Hall, Aug. 17
“Robocop! The Musical,” City Theatre, Aug. 17-26
August Alsina, Fillmore Detroit, Aug. 18
Chris Stapleton, DTE Energy Music Theatre, Aug. 19
John Butler Trio, Royal Oak Music Theatre, Aug. 19
Earth, Wind & Fire and Chic featuring Nile Rogers, DTE Energy Music Theatre, Aug. 22
Rusted Root, Saint Andrew's Hall, Aug. 24
Jeff Foxworthy and Larry the Cable Guy with Marshall Tucker Band and Foghat, DTE Energy Music Theatre, Aug. 25
The Music of Price with the Detroit Symphony Orchestra, Meadow Brook Amphitheatre, Aug. 25
Maze featuring Frankie Beverly with Chaka Khan, Michigan Lottery Amphitheatre at Freedom Hill, Aug. 26
The Juliana Theory, Majestic Theatre, Aug. 26
Wine and Craft Beer Festival, Meadow Brook Amphitheatre, Aug. 26-27
Depeche Mode, DTE Energy Music Theatre, Aug. 27
Lil Yachty, Royal Oak Music Theatre, Aug. 28
2 Chainz, Fillmore Detroit, Aug. 31
John Mayer, DTE Energy Music Theatre, Sept. 1
U2, Ford Field, Sept. 3
Deep Purple and Alice Cooper with Edgar Winter Band, DTE Energy Music Theatre, Sept. 3
Tim McGraw and Faith Hill, The Palace of Auburn Hills, Sept. 8
Ms. Lauryn Hill and Nas with Chronixx, Michigan Lottery Amphitheatre at Freedom Hill, Sept. 8
Sublime with Rome and the Offspring, Michigan Lottery Amphitheatre at Freedom Hill, Sept. 9
Tucker Beathart, Saint Andrew's Hall, Sept. 9
Bryson Tiller, Masonic Temple Theatre, Sept. 14
Paramore, Fox Theatre, Sept. 15
Gorillaz, Fox Theatre, Sept. 18
Kid Rock, Little Caesars Arena, Sept. 19-20
Sturgill Simpson, Fox Theatre, Sept. 19
Father John Misty, Royal Oak Music Theatre, Sept. 19
J Balvin, Fillmore Detroit, Sept. 20
Steve Earle, Fillmore Detroit, Sept. 21
VNV Nation, Shelter, Sept. 22
Jim Breuer, Sound Board at MotorCity Casino Hotel, Sept. 22
Bob Seger, The Palace of Auburn Hills, Sept. 23
Matchbox Twenty and Counting Crows, DTE Energy Music Theatre, Sept. 23
All Star Comedy Festvial with Lavelle Crawford, Corey Holmcomb, JB Smoove, Earthquake and Smokey Suarez, Fox Theatre, Sept. 23
The Cranberries, Fillmore Detroit, Sept. 26
Beth Hart with Eric Gales, Michigan Theater, Sept. 26
Gogol Bordello, Royal Oak Music Theatre, Sept. 26
Afghan Whigs with Har Mar Superstar, Saint Andrew's Hall, Sept. 26
Ed Sheeran, Little Caesars Arena, Sept. 27
Nick Murphy, Royal Oak Music Theatre, Sept. 27
Sammy Hagar & the Circle with Collective Soul, DTE Energy Music Theatre, Sept. 28
John Cleese live on stage for conversation and Q&A following screening of “Monty Python and the Holy Grail,” Fillmore Detroit, Sept. 28
Paul McCartney, Little Caesars Arena, Oct. 1
Against Me! with Bleached and the Dirty Nil, Majestic Theatre, Oct. 1
Paul McCartney, Little Caesars Arena, Oct. 2
Aaron Lewis, Sound Board at MotorCity Casino Hotel, Oct. 5
Pixies, Fillmore Detroit, Oct. 6
Hanson, Saint Andrew's Hall, Oct. 6
Travis Tritt, Flagstar Strand Theatre, Oct. 10
Paul Weller, Saint Andrew's Hall, Oct. 11
Tom Segura, Michigan Theater, Oct. 12
Patti LaBelle, Sound Board at Motor City Casino, Oct. 19
Imagine Dragons, Little Caesars Arena, Oct. 19
Bad Suns, Saint Andrew's Hall, Oct. 21
Fall Out Boy, Little Caesars Arena, Oct. 24
Trombone Shorty & Orleans Ave, Fillmore Detroit, Oct. 26
Bootsy Collins & World Wide Funkdrive, Sound Board at MotorCity Casino Hotel, Oct. 26
“Peppa Pig's Surprise,” Fox Theatre, Oct. 28
Colin Hay of Men at Work, Royal Oak Music Theatre, Oct. 28
Hamilton Leithauser with Courtney Marie Andrews, Majestic Theatre, Oct. 28
Janet Jackson, Little Caesars Arena, Oct. 29
Kurt Vile and Courtney Barnett, Royal Oak Music Theatre, Oct. 30
Guns N' Roses, Little Caesars Arena, Nov. 2
David Sedaris, Detroit Opera House, Nov. 4
Japandroids with Cloud Nothings, Majestic Theatre, Nov. 4
Lady Gaga, Little Caesars Arena, Nov. 7
The Shins, Fillmore Detroit, Nov. 7
Elbow, Saint Andrew's Hall, Nov. 7
“PJ Masks Live! Time to be a Hero,” Fox Theater, Nov. 12
The Mountain Goats, Majestic Theatre, Nov. 16
The Guess Who, Andiamo Celebrity Showroom, Nov. 18
Halsey with Partynextdoor and Charli XCX, Little Caesars Arena, Nov. 21
Joe Bonamassa, Fox Theatre, Nov. 24
Musiq Soulchild, Sound Board at MotorCity Casino Hotel, Nov. 30
Joe Rogan, Fillmore Detroit, Dec. 1
Mike Birbiglia, Fillmore Detroit, Dec. 2
Katy Perry, Little Caesars Arena, Dec. 6
The Minimalists Live, Royal Oak Music Theatre, Dec. 8
Brian Regan, Fox Theatre, Dec. 9
2Cellos, Fox Theatre, Jan. 23 (rescheduled from Oct. 27)
Fab Faux, Michigan Theater, April 21
Information
(800) 745-3000, ticketmaster.com, livenation.com or aeglive.com.
Ticket updates
The Devon Allman Band concert scheduled for June 22 at the Magic Bag has been canceled. Refunds available point of purchase.
Complied by Melody Baetens
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2tnxrQ3
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Northern United Publishing & Media Group Co Ltd:
* SAYS BOARD APPOINTS CHEN CHUANG AS GENERAL MANAGER, REPLACING ZHANG DONGPING WHO RESIGNED DUE TO CHANGE IN JOB ROLE Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2Ez9GeX Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
The fight is over. According to the Santa Barbara Independent, “The Gaviota Coast Conservancy has laid down the fight, settling its lawsuit on Tuesday. In exchange, the Santa Barbara County supervisors vowed to find another dump when Tajiguas fills up, rather than seek permits to expand operations there any further. As a result, county trash planners are free to pursue their $540 million plans to extend the landfill's life span—to 2036—by repurposing the trash. (The county's contract for building the project sits at $130 million; city officials have calculated that over its entire lifetime, the project will end up costing $540 million.)”
The settlement also paves the way for the Tajiguas Resource Recovery Project.
The Independent reports: “Santa Barbara Public Works' Mark Schleich, deputy director for resource recovery and waste management, said both project and settlement underscore the county's commitment to the environment. ‘We've been on the Gaviota Coast since the mid-'60s and have always tried to be a good neighbor to the coast,' Schleich said. The planned composter, an anaerobic digester, will reduce greenhouse gases by collecting carbon dioxide and methane and converting the gases into electricity. By Schleich's count, this will slash emissions equivalent to those of 24,000 cars and generate enough juice to power 1,000 homes.”
They are all desirable outcomes from my perspective.
Clemson quarterback Deshaun Watson explains how happy he is for his team to make it back to the College Football Playoff National Championship against Alabama and talks about what the Tigers need to do in order to walk out with a win. (2:13)
GLENDALE, Ariz. -- It was a defensive performance for the ages, as dominant as Clemson has been during an era of unmitigated success, but the play that had most of Twitter abuzz during Saturday night's College Football Playoff semifinal at the PlayStation Fiesta Bowl came after the whistle.
Ohio State star Curtis Samuel was tackled by a trio of Clemson defenders at the line of scrimmage, one of many run plays that went nowhere. One of those tacklers was Christian Wilkins, who appeared to use the opportunity to grope a prone Samuel. Replays of Wilkins' grab quickly exploded into internet memes and outrage among Ohio State fans, and when it was over, Wilkins apologized for his actions.
"I was being silly, and I apologize for that," Wilkins said. "It's stuff you do when you're competing, and I know that's not a good look. I apologize for that, and I shook hands with him after the game."
Christian Wilkins and the Tigers are no strangers to trying to play mind games, but those tactics might not work against Alabama. Matt Kartozian/USA TODAY Sports
Whether that kind of action falls within the realm of "stuff you do when you're competing" might be a stretch, but Wilkins doesn't mind pushing the envelope a little if it rattles an opponent. And while he suggested all was forgiven after the game, Samuel didn't sound as satisfied when he took to Twitter on Sunday.
If I would of felt that I would of got ejected!! #sweetness @cwilkins42 — Curtis Samuel (@CurtisSamuel4__) January 1, 2017
Of course, that was probably exactly the reaction Wilkins was looking for.
To be sure, Clemson's defensive front didn't need any additional help in dominating the Buckeyes, finishing the game with 11 tackles for loss, three sacks and only two run plays of 10 yards or more allowed. Still, playing a few mind games -- from encroaching on Ohio State's huddle at one point to the grab of Samuel -- falls well within Wilkins' wheelhouse.
"I wasn't trying to be over the top," Wilkins said, "but just a little something to get him out of his game."
Clemson's defense has dominated much of the season, but it also has left a few players -- from Heisman winner Lamar Jackson to Samuel -- miffed in the aftermath. And the more the opposition is thinking about something other than the next play, the happier the Tigers seem to be.
"We're just trying to exploit the little things," defensive tackle Dexter Lawrence said. "The game is 90 percent mental."
Of course, the final obstacle on Clemson's path to a national championship knows a little something about the mental game, too. For Alabama, words aren't necessary. History does the talking.
The big, bad Alabama defense is enough to make any offense consider the dangers to its own personal safety, and that intimidation factor is also a weapon.
"Intimidation factors come from brands, and they're the brand right now in college football," Clemson center Jay Guillermo said. "I feel like some teams, you watch them on film and it's just obvious they're defeated already."
That's something Clemson coach Dabo Swinney talked about with his team before the Fiesta Bowl. The Tigers weren't going to let Ohio State's brand impact the game.
Against Alabama, the brand recognition gets ratcheted up another notch, but Clemson's mental approach won't change. Mind games? The way the Tigers see it, they've already proven they can go toe-to-toe with the mighty Crimson Tide, taking a 24-21 lead into the fourth quarter of last year's national championship game.
So perhaps the mind games are a wash this time.
Wilkins joked that he has a full bag of tricks, but he's keenly aware that Alabama isn't likely to fall victim to any of them.
"Every game comes down to the trenches, and we'll do our best to dominate those trenches as best we can," Wilkins said. "But we know Alabama isn't a pushover."
And Alabama will step off the bus looking like the biggest, baddest team in the country yet again, but Clemson won't be swayed.
"Our guys will have some confidence, but we believe we're a team similar to Alabama, and when we step off the bus, our logo carries some weight," co-offensive coordinator Tony Elliott said. "I think they're looking forward to the challenge. It's going to be a big challenge, but I think our guys will be up to it."
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
ARCHBALD — Valley View's high school and middle school in Archbald were evacuated Tuesday after officials found a bomb threat written on the wall, Archbald Police Chief Tim Trently said.
School officials found the threat about noon in the high school, and immediately dismissed students from both schools, which are attached, for the rest of the day, Chief Trently said.
State police swept the building with a bomb-sniffing dog, Superintendent Tom Quinn said. School will begin today at all district buildings at the regular times, according to the school website.
— PETER CAMERON
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Nanjing Huamai Technology Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT SIGNS LETTER OF INTENT TO BUY 60 PERCENT STAKE OF JIANGSU DAOKANG GENERATOR SET CO FOR 180 MILLION YUAN ($27.19 million) Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2AHjWQ1 Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.6199 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Faisal Khawer Butt
Sialkot
Vice Presidents and Executive Members of Ittifaq Labour Union (ILU) (CBA), Municipal Corporation Sialkot on Sunday tendered their resignations as a protest against intolerable attitude of Municipal Officer of Regulation Department. An official of Union told Pakistan Observer that Vice Presidents of Ittifaq Labour Union, Irshad Mehmood and Akhtar Hussain while executive members.
(Yonhap)
Kim Yon-su, vice president of Seoul National University Hospital, speaks during a press breifing in Seoul on Thursday. (Yonhap)
A farmer knocked down by a blast from a police water cannon during an anti-government rally in November 2015 died due to an external force, not illness, Seoul National University Hospital said Thursday.Baek Nam-gi, 69, died in September last year after spending 10 months in a coma. The cause of death stated on his death certificate will now be changed, nine months after his death.The doctors who treated Baek at the SNHU had stated that his death was caused by an illness. The announcement was met by backlash, with critics claiming that the hospital arrived at the conclusion due to the connection between former President Park Geun-hye and the hospital's chief. At the time, the SNHU chief served as a personal doctor to Park.Kim Yon-soo, vice president of SNUH, said Baek's death certificate will be revised following a monthslong discussion by the hospital's ethics commission.“Doctors of neurosurgery accepted the ethics commission's request to revise the death certificate yesterday,” Kim told reporter at a press briefing Thursday. Baek Sun-ha, the doctor who was in charge of Baek's case, was not present at the briefing.According to the hospital, the certificate will be changed to state that Baek's death was the result of external force. Kim explained that Baek died as a result of a cerebral hemorrhage caused by a direct blast from a police water cannon at the rally in 2015.“Over the last six months, doctors at the ethics commission had a thorough discussion and reviewed perspectives from doctors and experts outside,” Kim said, adding that a compensation suit raised by the bereaved family in April had motivated the doctors to actively step up the discussion.“We decided to go with the directives of the Korean Medical Association on the proper way to fill out medical reports.”As for why it took so long, Kim cited the hierarchy among doctors and supervising professors, which had hampered different views on the diagnosis from being accepted.To prevent a similar situation from happening, the hospital has established an independent ethics commission for doctors to further discuss different views in diagnosis, Kim said.In October last year, students and alumni of the university's medical school issued a statement calling the death certificate “incorrect.” But the hospital had not revised the death certificate.Due to the authorities and the bereaved family taking issue over whether to conduct an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death, Baek's funeral had been delayed for more than a month until early November.By Kim Da-sol (ddd@heraldcorp.com)
PanARMENIAN.Net - Russia's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov plans to meet his U.S. counterpart Rex Tillerson for the first time Thursday, February 16 in Germany, a foreign ministry spokeswoman said Wednesday, AFP reports.
"The meeting with Secretary of State Tillerson has been planned and is being prepared" on February 16, when both diplomats will be in Bonn for the G20 ministerial talks, spokeswoman Maria Zakharova was quoted by Russian agencies as saying.
Lavrov will also hold his first meeting with German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, who was appointed last month.
The first meeting between U.S. and Russian senior diplomats comes as Russian officials appear increasingly concerned at the shift in rhetoric coming from Washington which dampens hopes that President Donald Trump will drop sanctions and initiate other policy changes toward Moscow.
It also follows the resignation of Trump's national security advisor Michael Flynn over his contacts with Russian officials.
Zakharova said Lavrov will "discuss bilateral relations, which were taken into a dead end by the previous administration".
"The plan is to discuss the main international crises which our countries have cooperated on and must cooperate," she said. "Of course, regional issues will be examined."
Trump's spokesman Sean Spicer on Tuesday said the new U.S. president "has been incredibly tough on Russia" and "expects the Russian government to de-escalate violence in Ukraine and return Crimea."
Asked to comment, Zakharova said "We don't give back our territories."
Investment capital and management company Interactive Gaming Ventures is teaming up with Epic Games to fund independent game developers creating promising titles in Unreal Engine 4, IGV announced on Wednesday.
IGV, led by former PlayStation president and CEO Jack Tretton, plans to invest in two to three experienced indie teams per year. It will give $1 million to $5 million per project over the next seven years, and help fund milestone deliverables, along with managing promotion and distribution. Studios that take money from IGV will still control their IP and creation process, the company said. IGV typically focuses on teams looking to ship to PC first, with the option of porting their games to consoles and mobile as well.
“We are looking to provide exceptional independent teams building games with Unreal Engine the support structure, cash infusion, marketing resources, and relationships that will help them achieve incredible financial returns,” Tretton said.
Epic Games, which owns and licenses Unreal Engine, said this partnership falls perfectly in line with its philosophy that it succeeds when developers succeed. “From programs like Unreal Dev Grants to one-to-one conversations where we connect teams with strategic opportunities, we have an honest motivation to help our licensees get ahead,” said Joe Kreiner, head of Unreal Engine business development at Epic. “We couldn't be happier to make it even easier for Interactive Gaming Ventures to get behind Unreal indies.”
Related ‘PUBG' Vs. 'Fortnite' Feud Explained PUBG Corp. Sues Epic Games for Copyright Infringement
Studio Wildcard CEO Doug Kennedy, who is also a part of IGV, said Epic has been an incredibly supportive partner over the years. Studio Wildcard game “Ark: Survival Evolved” is built on Unreal Engine. It has sold more than 13 million copies across various platforms.
“‘Ark: Survival Evolved' started off as an independent game released in early access and grew to be a phenomenon beyond our wildest dreams, thanks in part to the Unreal community and Epic's support,” Kennedy said. “This is a foundation of stability and massive potential, and we're looking to build on it in collaboration with even more Unreal Engine developers.”
Where shall you seek beauty, and how shall you find her unless she herself be your way and your guide. And how shall you speak of her except she is the weaver of your speech. The aggrieved and the injured say, Beauty is kind and gentle. Like a young mother half-shy of her own glory she walks among us. And the passionate say, nay, Beauty is a thing of might and dread. Like the tempest, she shakes the earth beneath us and the sky above us. The tired and the weary say, Beauty is of soft whisperings. She speaks in our spirit. Her voice yields to our silences like a faint light that quivers in fear of the shadow. But the restless say, we have heard her shouting among the mountains. And with her cries came the sound of hoofs, and the beating of wings and the roaring of lions. At night, the watchmen of the city say, Beauty shall rise with the dawn from the east. Gibran K.
PHOENIX — Charges have been dropped against Arizona Cardinals second-round draft pick Christian Kirk, who was arrested on counts of disorderly conduct and property damage in February.
The Arizona Republic reports that Scottsdale city records show the charges against Kirk were dropped Tuesday. He was arrested by Scottsdale police after leaving the Waste Management Phoenix Open on Feb. 3.
Scottsdale police say Kirk was with a group that was intoxicated and throwing rocks at cars.
The Cardinals had said they were aware before they drafted Kirk that the wide receiver had been arrested on the charges.
By Debra Malinics
Perhaps I had seen too many films with chic Italian women riding their Vespas through the alleyways of Rome, off to work or an appointment, scarf flying in the wind. It seemed so exciting, and I wanted to do the same thing in Chestnut Hill. Yes, I would buy a Vespa.
My husband did not share my excitement. My friends were less than enthusiastic. I did not, however, let their lack of enthusiasm influence my decision. A beautiful midnight blue Vespa was arriving via truck in a parking lot close to our home. I planned to walk it home, keep it in the garden and learn the basics, a day or two at most.
When the Vespa was unloaded, I realized how big it was and heavy, very heavy. I could barely keep it upright, and the more it leaned into me, the more I felt that I was going to slip under it. The driver said, “Put the kick down.” I stared. “The kick, put the kick down.” I stared. He stared. He took the bike and put the kickstand down, taking the weight off my bent leg. “Oh, that's much better” I said. He stared. I stared back.
“How are you going to get this to your house?” he asked. “I'll walk it,” I said. “Do you know how to drive a Vespa?” “Well, no, but I can drive a car, so how hard can it be?” He stared. I stared back. “You bought a Vespa but don't know how to drive it?”
“Well no,” and I decided not to get into the Italian thing. “OK, where do you live?” “Five houses down,” I replied. “The house with the steps? How did you plan to get the bike up those steps?” “Ummm, like a bike?” I replied. He stared. I stared. We both stared. This conversation was going nowhere. The stares were improving.
I took the bike and tried to get the kickstand up. I couldn't. “Here, like this,” he said and pushed the kickstand up. “Uh, what's the trick?” I asked. “Strength” he replied, and headed to his truck.
My new, 300+ pound Vespa plowed down on me as I walked it home. I looked at the sky from my 30-degree body angle, wondering how I would get this monster up the steps. They have steps in Rome; don't they? A neighbor walked by. “Bought a Vespa? It's easier if you start it and walk it,” he said. I stared, he stared. “Give me the keys, and I'll take it around back for you,” he said. Our back entrance has no steps, so 10 minutes later, my Vespa was home. Yeah!
Learning to drive the bike was next. I searched the internet for “learning to drive a Vespa.” The first item was “Old Lady Drives Vespa into Wall” and showed a woman driving out of a dealership, hitting a wall while people screamed “brake, brake” as she applied gas, hit the wall and fell off but was unhurt. BTW, the woman was 40 years old. Yikes, I thought, they consider 40 years old, old?
And so, the learning began. I read the manual. I watched videos. The Vespa sounded so powerful. It was. It seemed more like a motorcycle. I thought I might have been confusing a Vespa with a moped. This was a different animal. I started practicing in a parking lot, then on streets, down Ardleigh, up Highland and around Willow Grove Avenues. Gosh, this Vespa was loud. I felt embarrassed riding it through local neighborhoods, but I was driving a Vespa! Now, I really felt Italian.
Owning a Vespa, however, was not easy. When I went for my inspection, the technician asked “Ever think about getting yourself a real bike?” “This is a real bike,” I replied. He chuckled and pointed to a bike the size of Chestnut Hill. “That is a real bike,” he said. I diverted my attention to people in the shop; no Vespas with this crowd. “What are you driving, mama?” asked a man.
“Mama!” Who calls a woman mama except her young child? I was not this man's mama. I don't even have children. “My name is not mama, and I'm driving a Vespa” I said proudly. “A Vespa? Geez, aren't you embarrassed to be on a Vespa?” “Embarrassed, no. A Vespa sets the standard,” I replied. He laughed. I stared. I had this staring thing down really well by now.
I thought about my situation on the way back home, holding my shirt down in the wind as my glasses and face shield began to fog. This was fun; wasn't it?
My helmet, the size of the galaxy, prevented me from hearing any verbal exchanges, which was good as people continued to yell out their car windows, and from their expressions they weren't saying, “Have a nice day.” My hair got funky under the helmet and began smelling like dirt and sweat. I didn't think I would ever get the opportunity to wear my scarf, and I still hadn't found any alleyways. Whenever I was behind a stopped car, I had to deal with exhaust fumes, which made me nauseous. Actually, realistically I hadn't had much fun since I bought the Vespa. I decided to sell my Baby Blue.
A wonderfully realistic woman bought the bike. She didn't care about back alleys or flying scarves. She was functional and realistic, not at all like me. My days of being a Vespa owner were done, but I knew exactly what I would do. Buy a long, flowing scarf and wear it on a windy day. It's so Italian!
(Ed. Note: Debra Malinics, 65, a long-time Chestnut Hiller, is the award-winning owner of Debra Malinics Advertising, a strategic communications firm in Center City, which has been in business for 39 years. More information at www.dma-adv.com)
Looks good, feel good, play good.
Goalies love their masks, and when Attack net-minder Olivier Lafreniere returned from injury he was sporting a colourful new head protector.
He was wearing it on Friday night while backstopping the Attack to a 6-4 win over the Guelph Storm at the Sleeman Centre.
“It turned out marvellous,” the goalie said about the Batman inspired cage following a 2-1 win over the Guelph Storm last Saturday in Owen Sound. “Well I can't really say MARVEL-llous, since it's DC characters, but . . . the helmet was clutch for me.”
The mask was designed and painted by Brian Shott of BMFSDesigns. The Batman-themed cage was inspired by Lafreniere's love of the comic books and superheroes.
“We broke the concept of the mask out with heroes on one side, and villains on the other,” Shott said. “On the chin, Olivier wanted a Batman logo which we tied Olivier's nickname into.”
Shott, who has only been painting masks for four years, part-time, has extended his client list to include goaltenders from USPORT hockey all the way to European professional leagues.
He says each mask is different, but they normally take between 20 and 30 hours to complete from start to finish.
The top of the mask is a large Attack logo, Shott said he wanted to be visible from a distance, but the backplate he gave Lafreniere full control over.
“That's usually where the personal stuff goes for goalies, so I just try to tie in all the ideas with the rest of the mask,” said Shott.
Lafreniere's backplate features a large red maple leaf merged with the Fleur-de-lis, a nod to his heritage, surrounded by personal family mementos.
Shott painted Lafreniere's mask with the Ottawa 67's as well. That bucket was Spider-Man themed and was the culmination of a lifelong obsession.
As a kid, his first ever painted masked was of the Marvel Comics superhero. So, when he made it to Major Junior where custom paint jobs are commonplace, he paid homage.
The Spider-Man mask, which he wore briefly with the Attack after coming over in a trade, featured the characters Venom and Carnage as well.
The new mask has Batman, Robin, the Joker and Harley Quinn, and if you look closely, a spotlight in the sky with the Attack's logo silhouetted - a play on Batman's famous call sign.
“Maybe it's a little good luck charm from now on,” said Lafreniere.
Nick Suzuki must be feeling lucky.
Since being reunited with line mates Kevin Hancock and Jonah Gadjovich the trio has been playing big minutes against top competition, and fairing well.
Suzuki opened up the scoring against the Storm at 5:58 of the first period on a give-and-go play with Hancock.
The assist made it 11 points in 10 games for Hancock since returning from a hand injury on January 11.
Just over a minute later, following a Guelph delay of game penalty, the Attack's Belarusian national Maksim Sushko scored his 23rd of the season.
The Attack came into the game three points behind the Storm in the Western Conference, and the Storm showed why in the second period.
Mark Wooley's second of the year got the Storm on the board at 6:32, Tag Bertuzzi looked like he evened it up minutes later, the goal light went on, but the officials determined - after a review - the puck never crossed the goal line.
As the second period was winding down Aidan Dudas, who put on a show at the Sleeman Centre during the Top Prospects game, was at it again.
Dudas toe-dragged the puck around Wooley and dropped to one knee while wiring a shot into the top of the net.
Storm goaltender Anthony Popovich barely flinched before Dudas was into his celebration.
The two teams headed into the locker rooms at the second intermission with the Attack outshooting the Storm 31-19 and leading 3-1.
Maksim Sushko and Dudas combined for the Attack's fourth goal of the game early in the third. The dynamic-duo played a little tic-tac-toe before Dudas capped it off, his second goal of the game and 23rd of the season.
Just as it looked like the Attack would roll on to victory, a shorthanded two-on-one featuring Dmitri Samorukov and Liam Hawel resulted in Hawel scoring his eighth of the year.
Isaac Ratcliffe's 28th on the season cut the Attack's three-goal lead to just one in the span of 41 seconds.
The Attack, willing the seconds off the clock as they bent under near-constant pressure from the Storm, gave up the lead with less than five minutes on the clock. Alexey Toropchenko's ninth of the year tied the game.
Owen Sound giving up a third-period lead has happened before, more than a few times this season.
What happened next was a first.
The Attack's 16-year-old rookie defender, Igor Chibrikov, forced into rare third-period minutes after an injury to Jacob Friend moments earlier, scored the game winner with 2:48 left on the clock.
The biggest goal of his young hockey career, and arguably the biggest goal of the Attack's season to date, propelled the team to victory.
Hancock scored an empty netter to seal the win.
As a result, Owen Sound jumps ahead of the Windsor Spitfires and into seventh place in the Western Conference, one point back of the Storm for sixth.
Ethan Szypula played in his 300th game as a member of the Attack on Friday.
Barring injury, Szypula will finish the season second all-time in games played for the franchise.
Lafreniere stopped 25 of 29 shots while Popovich got in front of 36 of the Attack's 41 chances.
The Attack return home on Saturday to take on the Midwest-leading Kitchener Rangers. It will be the eighth and final game of the season between the two division rivals. The Rangers have won four games out of seven, puck drop is 7:30 p.m. at the Harry Lumley Bayshore Community Centre.
gcowan@postmedia.com
@GregCowanST
3 bodies found in SUV submerged in central New York pond
TULLY, N.Y. (AP) – State police say three bodies have been found in an SUV submerged in a central New York pond.
The discovery Tuesday afternoon in the Onondaga County town of Tully came soon after troopers issued a news release seeking the public's help in finding two women, ages 26 and 34, and a 5-year-old girl who had been reported missing.
The identities of the three bodies removed from the SUV haven't been released yet.
But the Ford Explorer found in the pond 10 miles (16 kilometers) south of Syracuse matches the description of the vehicle authorities were searching for Tuesday.
Troopers say the women and child were headed Monday to a barbecue on a lake in the neighboring Cortland County town of Preble.
The Oakland Raiders and Houston Texans will meet up for a battle in the 2017 NFL playoffs. While the Raiders have the much better record at 12-4 (Houston is 9-7), they earned the No. 5 seed in the playoffs. The Texans will enter postseason play with the No. 4 seed. One might be wondering why. Simple. Thanks to a loss in Week 17 (and a win by the Kansas City Chiefs), Oakland finished second in its division. Meanwhile, Houston won its division. The Raiders have not only been a surprise team in 2016, but they have also been one of the best teams in the league. Unfortunately, fans might not be feeling too good about the team's chances of making the Super Bowl. That tends to be the case when a team loses its quarterback, and that is exactly what happened to the Raiders when Derek Carr went down with a brutal injury. Carr is an MVP contender, so his loss is a major blow. Oakland enters this game rather depleted. Yes, it holds a 12-4 record, but it is coming off of a loss and, of course, is without its best player on the offensive side of the ball. With that in mind, it's not like the Texans have the best quarterback in the NFL. Brock Osweiler has been rather disappointing in 2016 as he was benched in favor of Tom Savage. While we won't be seeing the best quarterback battle in playoff history in this AFC wild card showdown, the quarterback battle should be interesting for the simple fact that it is flooding with mystery. It's important to note that these squads have already taken the field against one another in 2016. The Raiders won that contest by the score of 27-20. However, they, of course, had Carr in that game. Nonetheless, this is playoff football, which means all eyes will be glued to the TV screen when this clash goes down. Before it does go down, let's unleash some bold predictions. [Image by Lachlan Cunningham/Getty Images] Despite QB Questions, Amari Cooper Will Shine Amari Cooper is a monster on the offensive side of the ball. No matter who is quarterbacking for the Raiders, that person should be looking for Cooper early and often. Cooper had yet another 1,000-yard season in 2016. However — and this is pretty crazy — the wide receiver has not had 100 or more receiving yards since Week 8. In Week 8, Oakland took on the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and Cooper went off for 173 receiving yards. If the Raiders are going to move on to the next round, players like Cooper have to step up. Whether Oakland leaves Houston with a victory or not, Cooper will remind everyone why he was drafted No. 4 overall in the 2015 NFL Draft thanks to 100 receiving yards at the minimum. [Image by Tim Warner/Getty Images] First Team To 20 Wins This Playoff Duel If Carr was healthy, then this game would likely be much different. For starters, no one would be surprised if the Raiders scored at least 30 points. However, Carr is not playing, and Oakland is coming off of a brutal loss against the Denver Broncos. To make a long story short, the team could only manage six points in a loss. As for Houston, well, let's just say Houston struggles to find the end zone. The Texans are only averaging 17.5 points per game, which ranks near the bottom of the standings in that department. Needless to say, fans could be in store for a low-scoring affair when these teams meet up. [Image by Tim Warner/Getty Images] The Raiders Get Knocked Out Of The Playoffs While neither team is entering this playoff duel with a whole lot of momentum, it certainly doesn't hurt the Texans' cause that they will be playing at home. Keep in mind, they only lost by a touchdown against Oakland on the road earlier in the year. Now that Carr is out of the picture, you better believe Houston fans are pumped up for this playoff matchup. Given the fact that this is playoff football, a setting in which only the best teams in the league are involved, either team is more than capable of making a run in the postseason. With that said, look for Houston to capture the victory and move one step closer to making the Super Bowl. [Featured Image by Rob Carr/Getty Images]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston engaged in one of the most high-profile romances of summer 2016, but by the end of the season, they had called it quits. Although Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston have both been linked to other celebrities in the months following their breakup, including the likes of Drake and Priyanka Chopra, respectively, they have yet to officially move on, which has many wondering when they will embark on new romances — and who those romances could be with. Tom Hiddleston was most recently linked to actress Priyanka Chopra after they presented an award together at the 2016 Emmys. As an E! News report revealed in September, Hiddleston and Chopra were “openly flirting” with one another at the Governor's Ball weeks after the actor split from Taylor Swift. “Tom had his arm around her and held her close. Afterwards, Tom and Priyanka talked closely and were holding hands at one point for a few moments,” an insider said. “Priyanka fixed Tom's bow-tie and then the two kissed on both cheeks.” Tom Hiddleston and Priyanka Chopra speak onstage during the 68th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards on September 18, 2016. [Image by Kevin Winter/Getty Images] Before leaving the event, Hiddleston and Chopra reportedly exchanged phone numbers before sharing a “long hug” and “several kisses on the cheek.” Meanwhile, Drake, who is currently rumored to be dating Jennifer Lopez, was the last man rumored to be involved in a romance with Taylor Swift. After Taylor Swift was photographed attending the rapper's 30th birthday party at Delilah in West Hollywood, California, a source told Hollywood Life that the musicians were touching each other all night. “Drake was cozy with [Taylor Swift] all night long. They were all up on each other — no kissing — but touching each other and checking,” the source explained. Around the same time, Drake further fueled Taylor Swift dating rumors when he shared a sweet message, which included a check-mark emoji, to the singer after she performed her first show of 2016 at the Circuit of the Americas Formula One event on October 22. For weeks, rumors regarding Taylor Swift's potential relationship with Drake continued, but ultimately, the reports were shot down. The alleged couple hasn't been spotted together since. On December 31, Bustle shared a report regarding Hiddleston and the upcoming award season and suggested he and Taylor Swift may have peaked too soon with their romance. While Hiddleston's potential awards show date has yet to be revealed, he hasn't gone public with anyone since he and Taylor Swift flaunted their romance around the globe last summer. Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston went public with their relationship in June of last year just weeks after Swift's split from Calvin Harris was confirmed. Then, after traveling to Italy and the U.K., Hiddleston was photographed wearing an “I [Heart] T.S.” T-shirt during his girlfriend's July 4 party. Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston continued to enjoy one another's company for months until early September, when E! News confirmed the couple had split and suggested that Swift wasn't happy with how public Hiddleston wanted to be with their romance. “[Taylor Swift] felt he wanted to take the relationship to be too public, and she was not happy about it and thought it was too much publicity,” the source explained. Taylor Swift attends the ‘Manus x Machina: Fashion in an Age of Technology' Costume Institute Gala on May 2, 2016. [Image by Larry Busacca/Getty Images] A second report, shared by Us Weekly, shed more light on the situation, claiming it was Taylor Swift who ultimately chose to end her relationship with Hiddleston. “[Taylor Swift] was the one to put the brakes on the relationship,” a source close to the couple told the magazine. “Tom wanted the relationship to be more public than she was comfortable with. Taylor knew the backlash that comes with public displays of affection but Tom didn't listen to her concerns when she brought them up.” [Featured Image by Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
In addition to his frequent forays into casinos and gun shops, Las Vegas strip killer Stephen Paddock took 20 cruises, many of them in Europe and the Middle East, investigators have learned.
The cruises included stops at ports in Spain, Italy, Greece, Jordan and the United Arab Emirates, according to information provided by a law enforcement source who asked not to be identified because the source was not authorized to share information about the investigation. Paddock's girlfriend, Marilou Danley, accompanied him on nine of the cruises.
The information provided by the source did not specify the cruise line involved, the type of cruises, when they occurred or the couple's reason for travel. Most cruise ships have casinos on board, and Paddock was an avid gambler.
0 SHARES Share Tweet
Sofapaka unveiled their new signings ahead of the Kenya premier matches which are set to resume this weekend after the international break.
Among the new signings include Ugandan trio Feni Ali, Rodgers Modest Aloro and Umar Kasumba.
Others include Timothy Luda from Thika United, Meshack Karani and Abdulatif Omar who make a return to the team.
Willis Ouma , Hillary Echesa both from Chemeli Sugar ,Hansel Ochieng and Vincent Owondo also got promoted from Sofapaka's Academy.
The team currently lies sixth in the Kenya Premier League log and has collected 20 points in the opening 13 matches.
“Batototo Ba Mungu” will play this weekend against League leaders Gor Mahia at Newly refurbished Meru Kinoru Stadium.
New players
Willis Ouma, Hillary Echesa (Chemelil Sugar), Feni Ali (URA), Morven Otinya (Palos) Timothy Luda (Thika United), Vincent Owondo (Spofapaka Academy), Ricky Onimbo (Wazito FC), Wesley Onguso (Western Stima), Meshack Karani (Bandari), Abdulatif Omar (Kakamega Homeboyz), Rogers Modest Aloro (Simba – Uganda), Umar Kasumba (SC Villa), Hansel Ochieng (Jericho AllStars).
about the author: Polosa
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India has raised the price at which the government will buy new-season common rice variety from domestic farmers by at least 13 percent, a source said, as the government looks to woo millions of farmers ahead of general elections due early next year.
Women plant rice saplings at a paddy field in a village in Nagaon district, Assam, July 3, 2018. REUTERS/Anuwar Hazarika
The source did not give further details.
The government had fixed last year's local rice purchase price for the common variety at 1,550 rupees ($22.63) per 100 kilogrammes.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government said in its February budget that it would buy crops at 1.5 times the cost of production, a major shift after keeping the so-called minimum support price in low single digits over the past three years.
Analysts and economists have warned the move could help push up inflation, add to the fiscal deficit and prompt the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to raise interest rates more steeply than expected.
($1 = 68.5025 Indian rupees)
A farmer gathers saplings to be planted at a paddy field in a village in Nagaon district, Assam, July 3, 2018. REUTERS/Anuwar Hazarika
Former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, is current having a meeting with former military president, Ibrahim Badamosi Babangida in his home in Niger State.
The meeting is holding at IBB's Hilltop mansion in Minna, the state capital.
Rumours have been rife that Atiku, who served as Vice President under the Obasanjo administration, intends to run in the 2019 presidential election under the newly registered mega party.
Speaking to journalists after the closed door meeting with the former military head of state, Atiku said he came to wish Gen. Babangida well since he returned from medical vacation abroad.
MOSCOW, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The Russian central bank believes a cleanup of country's banks is more than half complete, Governor Elvira Nabiullina said on Friday.
She also said that the central bank still saw problems in the banking sector and cases of unfair business practice. (Reporting by Andrey Ostroukh, Tatiana Voronova and Polina Nikolskaya, writing by Katya Golubkova, editing by Larry King)
British Prime Minister Theresa May stunned Britain “by announcing that she would call an early election, placing a bet that voters will give her Conservative Party a strong mandate as her government negotiates the country's withdrawal from the European Union,” the New York Times reports.
“She had repeatedly ruled out a snap election — the next one was scheduled to occur in 2020 — so her decision on Tuesday represents an abrupt U-turn.”
Wall Street Journal: “Mrs. May, who took office in July after the U.K. voted to leave the EU, has a parliamentary majority of 17. Opinion polls suggest she would increase that majority significantly in an election. That would give her more freedom of maneuver in EU negotiations and less dependent on the support of the euroskeptics of her Conservative Party who favor a clean break with EU.”
Nene Valley Harriers secured an emphatic victory in Sunday's East Anglian League fixture at the Embankment track.
Peterborough AC finished as runners-up, and with Nene Valley winning six of the age groups and PAC the other two, it was a clean sweep for the Peterborough rivals.
Elena Rivetti in action for PAC. Picture: David Lowndes
The Nene Valley athletes attained numerous individual victories and completely dominated the senior ladies age group winning virtually everything on the track.
Georgie Ivens won both the 100 and 200m with times of 12.9 and 26.4 seconds while Alex Pullen and Kelsi Ellis were first in the B races.
Megan Pussey and Claire Smith won the A and B 400m, and Emma Randall and Ellie Piccaver did the same over 1500m.
Amber Park scored maximum points in the 1500m with a 5:05.8 clocking.
Andrea Jenkins dominated the throws with firsts in the shot, discus and hammer.
Newcomer Poppy Blake won the Under 13 high jump, and is the third generation of her family actively competing for Nene Valley with her mother Louise Blake a key member of the ladies road running team and grandad Ray Dowland a distance running stalwart.
Club captain Dave Bush led from the front winning the shot and javelin along with the B shot.
The Nene Valley youngsters dominated the sprints with Theo Briston achieving an Under 13 sprint double and William Kong doing likewise in the Under 15 age group.
For Peterborough AC there was a winning treble for Ronnie Davey in the Under 13 boys age group. He took the A string high jump and 75m hurdles honours and also won the B string long jump.
PAC also had a number of double winners. They were Amelia Fairclough (Under 13 200m and long jump), Elena Rivetti (Under 13 B 70m hurdles and B long jump), Elizabeth Taylor (Under 15 100m and 200m), Samantha Muchina (Under 15 100m B and 200m B), Georgia Price (senior ladies long jump and high jump B) and Ben Papworth (Under 17 400m and 200m B).
Match result: 1 Nene Valley Harriers 954pts; 2 Peterborough AC 620pts; 3 Luton 490pts; 4 East Harling 425pts; 5 West Norfolk 324pts; 6 Leighton 323pts.
EASTERN VETERANS LEAGUE
Nene Valley's men's veterans track and field team stormed to the top of the Eastern Veterans League table at King's Lynn on Wednesday.
Finishing runners-up in the meeting behind host club Ryston Runners, Nene Valley had their sprinters and throwers to thank for a successful evening of athletics.
Dave Brown won the Over 35 200m in 23.7 while Ricky Huskisson won the Over 50 race with a 27.7 clocking. Huskisson also won the high hurdles.
Simon Achurch won the men's javelin and discus with over 50 thrower John Blackwell and over 60 Tim Needham both scoring well in discus and javelin.
Long distance runner James Mcdonald won the 1.5k walk.
Nene Valley ladies struggled due to a lack of numbers, but Claire Smith comfortably won the Over 35 200m in 28.4 and Andrea Jenkins took maximum points in the Over 35 discus and javelin.
Nene Valley ladies finished fifth on the night out of seven teams and are also fifth in the overall standings.
Peterborough AC ladies had a remarkable evening with a team of just two athletes finishing fourth, but within touching distance of second place.
Judith Jagger won the Over 50 javelin and discus and also scored well in the jumps. Kay Gibson also took part in multiple events and added valuable points to the team's total.
Peterborough AC men finished sixth in a closely fought contest.
Dave Whitehead ran 29.2 to win the Over 60 200m and Eamonn Dorling finished first in the Over 60 1500m.
ISLAMABAD: Election Commission of Pakistan (ECP) has extended the date for registration of votes in the electoral lists by 30th of this month.
According to the ECP, the date has been extended keeping in view the requests received from different segments of the society.
The spokesperson of the ECP has asked the people to visit the nearby display centers or the District Election Commission office to get their votes registered or have their details corrected.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Jiangsu Zhongnan Construction Group Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT HAS OBTAINED 11 LAND SITES IN JANUARY Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2Ex2e3F Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Ruchi Soya managing director and CEO Dinesh Shahra.
Mumbai: Godrej Agrovet Ltd plans to bid for Ruchi Soya Industries Ltd, which is undergoing bankruptcy resolution, with an eye on its palm oil business, a person with direct knowledge of the matter said. Since Godrej is not interested in Ruchi Soya's other businesses, it may tie up with others keen on those businesses, this person said on condition of anonymity.
To be sure, Godrej Agrovet is yet to formally approach Indore-based Ruchi Soya, India's largest edible oil maker.
A bid would mark Godrej joining the race for Ruchi Soya, in which companies such as Patanjali Ayurved Ltd, ITC Ltd and Emami Ltd have evinced interest, BusinessLine reported on Friday.
According to the report, the company, which is currently undergoing bankruptcy proceedings, has received as many as 26 applications from Indian and foreign conglomerates to acquire a 51% stake.
“They have some beautiful assets. We want to buy their oil palm business. The problem is we cannot just bid for one part of the business,” said the person cited above.
“We would like to see if some other companies can also come together to bid for their assets,” the person said.
Responding to queries from Mint, Balram Singh Yadav, managing director, Godrej Agrovet, said his company continues to explore growth opportunities.
“Godrej Agrovet is a diversified, research and development focused agri-business company, dedicated to improving the productivity of Indian farmers by innovating products and services that sustainably increase crop and livestock yields. We continuously explore growth opportunities at an appropriate valuation,” Yadav said.
Ruchi Soya is also India's largest company in oil seed extraction, with a capacity of 3.72 million tonnes per annum capacity. As of 31 December, it had a debt of around Rs12,000 crore. The company sells brands such as Nutrela, Mahakosh, Sunrich, Ruchi Gold and Ruchi Star.
Ruchi Soya is also the biggest exporter of soya meal, lecithin and other food ingredients from India.
In December 2017, NCLT's Mumbai bench admitted Ruchi Soya's insolvency resolution process under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, following petitions by Standard Chartered Bank and DBS Bank.
Ruchi Soya is among the 26 companies on the second list of bad loan accounts that the Reserve Bank of India sent to banks last year asking them to conclude a debt resolution.
Ruchi Soya's promoters—the Shahra family, and companies owned by them—hold 54.85% in the company. Of this, Soyumm Marketing Pvt. Ltd is the largest shareholder with a 13.66% stake. Managing director and CEO Dinesh Shahra owns 0.63% as an individual shareholder and an additional 9.74% on behalf of two separate trusts.
Jamie and Stoney Great Lakes Invitational Ticket GiveawayThe 53rd annual Great Lakes Invitational is coming to Little Caesars Arena on January 1-2, 2018. Michigan, Michigan State, Michigan Tech and Bowling Green will compete for the MacInnes Cup in this holiday tradition. Jamie and Stoney have your VIP access including four premium seats, a $100 gift certificate to Made in Detroit, a pre-game penalty box visit and a Great Lakes Invitational prize pack. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on December 20 from 6:00 am - 10:00 am for your chance to win.
WWJ Weekend Box Office 12/14/17 - DSO Ring Without Words
Miller Lite Appearance - Twin Peaks97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to give away Detroit Lions tickets. Come to the Twin Peaks in Southgate on December 15 from 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm for your chance to win a four-pack to see the Detroit Lions vs Green Bay on December 31 at Ford Field.
Jamie and Stoney Red Wings Ticket GiveawayChevrolet and 97.1 The Tickets have your tickets to see the Detroit Red Wings take on Toronto on December 15. Listen to Jamie and Stoney from 6:00 am - 10:00 am for your chance to win.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A trial that could shape the future of U.S. media ownership kicks off in Washington this week as the Department of Justice seeks to block AT&T Inc's $85 billion acquisition of Time Warner Inc.
An AT&T logo is pictured in Pasadena, California, U.S., January 24, 2018. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
The Justice Department filed a lawsuit in November to stop the U.S. No. 2 wireless carrier, which owns DirecTV and other services with 25 million subscribers, from buying movie and TV show maker Time Warner, which owns HBO and CNN.
The government is arguing a deal would hike a subscriber's monthly cable bill by 45 cents and raise prices for rival cable and online video distributors.
AT&T denies that prices would rise and plans to argue the deal is necessary for it to compete with new media companies like Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc, Amazon.com Inc and Netflix Inc, according to court documents filed before the trial.
AT&T rejected settlement offers from the Justice Department, including government proposals to shed either its DirecTV division or Time Warner's Turner Broadcasting assets, which include CNN.
Signage that reads Time Warner is seen at the Time Warner Center in New York City, U.S. on October 23, 2016. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith/File Photo
Opening arguments are set for Wednesday after up to two days of hearings to consider objections on a number of motions.
AT&T Chief Executive Randall Stephenson, Time Warner Chief Executive Jeff Bewkes and programming executives from rival companies are expected to testify during the trial that Judge Richard Leon has estimated would last six to eight weeks.
Looming over the trial is the question of whether U.S. President Donald Trump, who criticized the deal on the campaign trail and again as president, may have influenced the Justice Department's decision to oppose the transaction.
AT&T lawyers have said the Time Warner deal may have been singled out for enforcement, citing Trump's statements that the deal was bad for consumers and the country.
Leon last month rejected a bid by AT&T to force the government to disclose any White House communications that AT&T lawyers believe may have shed light on the matter. AT&T did not raise any arguments relating to Trump in its final pretrial brief filed earlier this month.
The outcome of the AT&T/Time Warner case could affect other pending “vertical” mergers, in which different parts of a supply chain, rather than rivals in the same business, join together. Health insurer Cigna Corp wants to buy pharmacy benefits manager Express Scripts Holding Co and CVS Health Corp wants to acquire health insurer Aetna Inc.
Details are beginning to emerge about the victims of the rampaging van down Yonge St. on Monday afternoon. One of the 10 killed is Anne Marie D'Amico, who worked at Invesco, a U.S. investment firm with an office near Yonge and Sheppard Ave. Seneca College president David Agnew sent out an email confirming that one of the school's students were killed. Two other students were hurt but didn't need to go to hospital, he said. The South Korean government confirmed on its official Facebook site that two of its nationals were killed, and another was injured. They weren't identified by the site. D'Amico was a young woman who had been a volunteer, in Canada and across international borders, since she was as young as 12.
Article Continued Below
Back then, she was a ball girl for Tennis Canada. But since those preteen days, D'Amico's volunteered hours swelled, and were matched by what friends see as a personal dedication to helping — whether that meant carrying boxes home from work with someone who didn't have a car that day, or “getting her hands dirty” building houses overseas. “If you knew her, you knew she was one of the most genuine, kind and all-around loving people that you probably have ever met, or might ever meet,” said Samantha Gilhooly, who worked with D'Amico at Invesco. “To her core, she was just happy.” The pair also travelled to the Dominican Republic together to volunteer. It was one of two trips D'Amico had taken for that purpose.
Dave Hamilton of the volunteer travel company, Live Differently, said his coworkers had been reminiscing over D'Amico's sense of humour, a smile that never seemed to leave her face, and her all-in approach to volunteering. “Mixing concrete and carrying bricks and buckets of water,” he listed. “She was super involved with all that's involved with providing those homes.” Gilhooly said D'Amico had been involved in her community and close to her family. Her grandmother, parents and brother had all been volunteers, too, according to Tennis Canada. It was part of the family legacy, particularly with the Rogers Cup, where they had a combined 84 years of service. “Anne-Marie was voted volunteer of the year in 2016. She was always smiling, had the biggest heart and always put other people's needs ahead of her own,” their press release said. Tennis Canada and the Rogers Cup are making plans to honour her memory at this summer's event. For now, to honour her friend, Gilhooly suggested simple gestures, like offering up a seat to someone on the subway or offering a hand to someone carrying bags down the street. “The best way to honour Anne Marie is to go out and have some additional act of kindness today, because that's exactly what she would have done if she was on the other side of this,” Gilhooly said. “I hope her kindness and generosity can live through everyone else.” At a special city council meeting Tuesday, Councillor Cesar Palacio rose to speak about D'Amico, the daughter of constituents Rocco and Carmela, who live in his Davenport ward. D'Amico was one of three children and a friend of Palacio's daughter. “When my daughter called me last night to share that particular news, it was so devastating,” Palacio said in the council chamber as he offered condolences to the family. The councillor said he spoke to D'Amico's father, Rocco, on Tuesday morning. “It was clear that part of his life is gone,” Palacio said. “As he noted, he's living the worst nightmare ever in his life.” With files from Jennifer Pagliaro To share your stories about the individuals impacted by Monday's events, the Star's news desk can be reached at 416-869-4301 or at city@thestar.ca.
New Delhi: Petrol prices were hiked by 1 paisa while diesel were hiked by 7 paise, applicable from 6:00 a.m. on 20th March 2018.
Under the dynamic pricing scheme, petrol and diesel prices are revised on a daily basis in sync with global crude oil prices.
Prices of non-branded petrol in metro-cities
Cities (Rs/litre) New Delhi 72.20 Kolkata 74.94 Mumbai 80.07 Chennai 74.87
Prices of non-branded petrol across state capitals
Agartala 68.12 Aizwal 68.25 Ambala 72.34 Bangalore 73.33 Bhopal 77.86 Bhubaneshwar 71.05 Chandigarh 69.44 Dehradun 74.42 Gandhinagar 71.69 Gangtok 75.20 Guwahati 74.20 Hyderabad 76.46 Imphal 70.36 Itanagar 68.32 Jaipur 75.03 Jammu 74.03 Jullunder 77.33 Kohima 70.71 Lucknow 73.92 Panjim 66.51 Patna 77.72 Pondicherry 71.06 Port Blair 62.36 Raipur 72.68 Ranchi 73.08 Shillong 71.65 Shimla 72.36 Srinagar 76.63 Trivandrum 76.09 Silvasa 70.24 Daman 70.17
Prices of non-branded diesel in metro-cities
Cities (Rs/litre) New Delhi 62.80 Kolkata 65.49 Mumbai 66.88 Chennai 66.21
Prices of non-branded diesel across state capitals
Agartala 60.97 Aizwal 60.24 Amabala 63.29 Bangalore 63.86 Bhopal 66.22 Bhubaneshwar 67.36 Chandigarh 60.96 Deharadun 63.44 Gandhinagar 67.59 Gangtok 64.55 Guwahati 65.51 Hyderabad 68.23 Imphal 60.97 Itnagar 60.25 Jaipur 67.16 Jammu 64.00 Jullunder 62.85 Kohima 61.24 Lucknow 63.28 Panjim 63.86 Patna 67.38 Pondicherry 64.87 Port Blair 59.02 Raipur 67.85 Ranchi 66.36 Shillong 62.63 Shimla 62.47 Srinagar 66.13 Trivandrum 68.18 Silvasa 63.55 Daman 63.49
(Source: Indian Oil) Prices may vary from outlet to outlet within a city
PanARMENIAN.Net - Ryan Adams critically-acclaimed new album ‘Prisoner' is now streaming online in full, NME reports.
Adams' 16th studio solo album is set for release on Friday 17 February, but you can listen it to early via NPR.
NME caught up with Ryan Adams to ask him about what make into making this bold and honest album.
This is a very raw and open album. Was writing a cathartic exercise or did it all just pour out?
“I don't remember being aware of needing to hold back anything. I felt like I needed to tell a story – the story of how I felt or what was happening internally at least, in the truest way possible. It was in the most vulnerable way I could. I wanted to avoid feeling like playing guitar on a soapbox…like some bulls**t about life pains. I don't want to be that person and that's not the point of what I'm trying to do.”
So where did the title come from?
“I think the theme of this record is that we're all prisoners of some desires, in that the very things we love are the things that hold us hostage and keep us trapped.”
Do you think fans will be looking for ‘clues' about your personal life?
“For me, the big shadow illuminating things for fans will be that this record is directly related to my divorce [from Many Moore], and to what was going on inside me – how I endured it and where I was in my emotions at that time – and they wouldn't be wrong. I didn't want to make a mistake and avoid it…I believe in art, and it sounds so stupid – but I think it's more stupid to pretend that things aren't happening to you and write some bland useless bulls**t.”
Meanwhile, Ryan Adams has been confirmed to headline Green Man Festival this August alongside PJ Harvey and Future Islands. Other acts on the bill include Michael Kiwanuka, Lambchop, Conor Oberst, Angel Olsen, Field Music and a DJ set from Jon Hopkins. Green Man takes place at Brecon Beacons from August 17-20 on what will be the event's 15th birthday.
HPL
The Friends of the Hays Public Library will host its spring book sale April 20 to 23 in the Schmidt Gallery.
The book sale kicks off Thursday, April 20, at 5 PM with a “members only” preview sale. Friends of the Library members will have the opportunity to shop the sale early, including half off all items in the Friends of the Library Book Store. Memberships are $5 and will be sold at the door.
The regular sale is open to the public on Friday, April 21 and Saturday, April 22, from 10 AM until 4 PM. Sunday, April 23, the sale will run from 1 PM to 4 PM. Books will be $3 per bag, and the Friends provide the bags.
Along with books, baked goods, crafts by Carolyn Fuller and natural products by Pam Herl will be available for purchase.
For more information on this and other events, visit hayspublib.org or call 785.625.9014.
Guyana developing Sports Tourism potential
DPI, GUYANA, Friday, October 6, 2017
Guyana is taking steps towards developing its Sports Tourism potential as the sector gains worldwide interest.
Speaking at the second Sports Tourism workshop at the Guyana Olympic Association's Liliendaal headquarters on Friday, Social Cohesion Minister Dr. George Norton expressed his satisfaction with efforts to establish the sector's foundation
According to Minister Norton, Sports Tourism has the potential to contribute to the economic, social, cultural and infrastructural development of the country. He pointed out that not only will sporting events be highlighted, but the entertainment industry would also receive a boost presenting the opportunity to raise the country's economy.
“Guyana indeed has the potential to be one of, if not the go-to sports tourism destination in the Caribbean but this can only be realised with the proper planning and management of sporting events,” the minister explained.
He said that the actions of the relevant stakeholders in the sport, tourism, media and private sectors need to be in sync for success to be achieved. He indicated that as plans for 2018 sport tourism events are being crafted, considerations will need to be taken regarding the impact it will have on the country's sport and tourism products.
Minister Norton gave his approval for application of the Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) in sports tourism events and the convening of a sports tourism action group.
It was highlighted that this basic strategy allows sporting entities to identify, plan and execute sporting events that can attract foreign visitors, while tourism organisations can collaborate to ensure the highest standards are maintained.
The seminar was a collaboration of the Department of Tourism in the Ministry of Business and Department of Sport in the Ministry of Social Cohesion. Director of Sports Christopher Jones explained it was in response to the first sports tourism workshop and will assist in the realisation of the sports tourism policy.
By: Neola Damon
Bust by IMPD yanks $750,000 in illegal drugs off Indy streets An evidence table at IMPD's SW district showing a major bust after warrants were served at two locations, and four persons were arrested, Indianapolis, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. This bust, which IMPD had been working toward since the Spring, netted about $44,000 in cash, eight firearms, plus 20 kilograms of various drugs including methamphetamine and heroin totalling approximately $750,000. 01 / 08 An evidence table at IMPD's SW district showing a major bust after warrants were served at two locations, and four persons were arrested, Indianapolis, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. This bust, which IMPD had been working toward since the Spring, netted about $44,000 in cash, eight firearms, plus 20 kilograms of various drugs including methamphetamine and heroin totalling approximately $750,000. 01 / 08
Lt. Scott Hessong talks with media at an evidence table at IMPD's SW district showing a major bust after warrants were served at two locations, in which four persons were arrested, Indianapolis, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. This bust, which IMPD had been working toward since the Spring, netted about $44,000 in cash, eight firearms, plus 20 kilograms of various drugs including methamphetamine and heroin totalling approximately $750,000.
Robert Scheer/IndyStar
INDIANAPOLIS –The Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department announced Tuesday night that a months-long investigation has led to the seizure of nearly 50 pounds of drugs.
As the result of search warrants served at two locations Tuesday, officers confiscated $44,000 in cash, eight guns and 45 pounds of suspected heroin, methamphetamine and black tar heroin with an estimated street value of $750,000.
"These are once-in-a-career-type cases," said Deputy Chief Chad Knecht of the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department.
Southwest District Lt. Scott Hessong said officers with the southwest and southeast districts began their investigation in early March. That investigation led to two search warrants — one on each of the districts — served Tuesday.
Officers arrested four in connection with the investigation, believed to be involved in trafficking on the southwest and southeast districts, Hessong said. The department has not yet identified those people.
Jan. 8: $22M of cocaine hidden in furniture seized by customs officers
Dec. 22: Drug bust seizes $1 billion in meth in Australia
Surveying a table where officers displayed 11 bags of suspected drugs, guns and stacks of $20 bills, Knecht reflected on the items' significance.
"On that table you see exactly what drives the crime," Knecht said. "The profit from the money, the firearms to protect it and the drugs that are tearing our communities apart and causing addiction. That table exemplifies what's going on in our society."
A substance believed to be crystal meth, on an evidence table at IMPD's SW district showing a major bust after warrants were served at two locations, in which four persons were arrested, Indianapolis, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. This bust, which IMPD had been working toward since the Spring, netted about $44,000 in cash, eight firearms, plus 20 kilograms of various drugs including methamphetamine and heroin totalling approximately $750,000.
Robert Scheer/IndyStar
Hessong said it's rare for a district-level bust to be this extensive. Knecht credited the uniformed beat officers who used their knowledge of the community to investigate tips and get results.
A return to beat policing has been one of the focuses for police Chief Bryan Roach. In April, he and Indianapolis Mayor Joe Hogsett announced the creation of 78 beats across the city which would replace 33 zones, saying the beats would allow officers to be active in more focused areas rather than covering a zone.
"This is what beat policing does," Knecht said. "It makes a difference in the neighborhoods and the communities, and the officers actually care about their beats and work it and find these things."
August 2017: Deputy treated for accidental overdose after drug bust
May 2017: Drug-laced 'SweeTARTs' seized, parents warned
Hessong said Tuesday's bust will hopefully reduce overdoses in the weeks to come, potentially saving lives.
"There's absolutely no way to tell what we did to prevent drug overdoses," Hessong said. "To give you an idea, each use of heroin is like a few grains of sand, and we have 45 pounds that's packed solid. So, there's no way to tell how many individual drug uses you have just with this product here."
Follow Holly Hays on Twitter: @hollyvhays
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
By TED LUEBBERS
Experimental Aircraft Association Chapter 534 recently held one of its Aviation Youth Saturday workshops at the Leesburg International Airport (KLEE) in Florida, teaching kids how to build and repair real experimental general aviation aircraft.
According to chapter officials, EAA Chapter 534 has committed to building up its Aviation Youth Program to work with boys and girls between the ages of 10 and 18 who have an interest in learning what makes airplanes fly and general aviation.
The kids get the opportunity to learn how to use the tools of the trade and work on several aviation projects that are in the chapter's hangar.
They learn how to repair and build experimental planes under the supervision of certified aircraft mechanics and EAA chapter members who have experience with homebuilt airplanes.
Chapter 534 has been the recipient of a homebuilt aircraft, a Mini Max, that had been damaged in a tornado. This plane is the first one these kids will be working on. They will learn how to repair the damaged wings and get its engine fine-tuned and running.
When this project is completed, there are three other aircraft kits that have been donated to EAA Chapter 534 for young people to work on.
The idea behind this program is to kindle an interest in aviation for these young folks so that one day they may want to become pilots themselves or start an aircraft building project of their own.
TAIPEI/SHANGHAI (Reuters) - A Chinese court has temporarily barred Micron Technology Inc from selling its main semiconductor products in the world's biggest memory chip market, citing violation of patents held by Taiwan's United Microelectronics Corp (UMC).
FILE PHOTO: Memory chip parts of U.S. memory chipmaker MicronTechnology are pictured at their booth at an industrial fair in Frankfurt, Germany, July 14, 2015. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach/File Photo
The ruling, which was disclosed by UMC and its state-backed Chinese partner, slammed shares of Idaho-based chipmaker Micron, which gets half of its revenue from China.
The ban comes amid an escalating trade spat between Washington and Beijing that is spurring China to accelerate its goal of developing its own domestic chipmakers to curb the heavy reliance on U.S. firms like Micron and Qualcomm Inc.
China is also investigating Micron and its South Korean rivals over price fixing allegations, amid a surge in prices of dynamic random access memory (DRAM) chips.
The Fuzhou Intermediate People's Court issued a preliminary sales injunction against Micron that prevents it from selling 26 semiconductor products, including DRAM and NAND flash memory chips, in China, contract chip manufacturer UMC said in a statement late on Tuesday.
Micron said it had not been served with the injunction and would not comment further until it had reviewed documentation from the Chinese court. The court declined to comment on the case and said injunctions were not posted publicly.
The sales ban ratchets up trade tensions between Washington and China over wide ranging issues including intellectual property, autos and soybeans. The United States is set to impose tariffs on $34 billion worth of goods from China on July 6, which Beijing is expected to respond to with tariffs of its own.
Beijing has made the semiconductor sector a key priority under its “Made in China 2025” strategy, which has shifted up a gear after a U.S. ban on sales to Chinese phone maker ZTE Corp underscored China's lack of domestic chips.
Micron has been one of the firms caught in the middle.
The U.S. firm filed a civil lawsuit in December in California, accusing UMC and Chinese partner Fujian Jinhua Integrated Circuit Co of stealing design and manufacturing technologies related to its DRAM chips.
In its filing Micron said UMC - which is scaling up its China business and plans to list it in Shanghai - had poached key Micron employees with the aim of helping Fujian Jinhua improve its own DRAM technology. UMC has not commented on the poaching allegations. The case is still being heard.
UMC countersued in January, filing a patent infringement lawsuit against Micron in China, covering three areas, including specific memory applications and memory used in graphics cards.
US-CHINA TENSIONS
Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang, when asked by reporters at a regular briefing, said this was “an individual case about intellectual property rights protection” and that he did not think there was an “inevitable connection” between this case and current China-U.S. trade tensions
Li Yiqiang, partner at law firm Faegre Baker Daniels, said normally courts set a very high bar for granting injunctions in complex patent infringement cases but the trade tensions may have given the court more leeway in this case.
“In today's environment, because of the tensions between China and the United States”, he added, local judges may feel more comfortable granting an injunction knowing they would “face less pressure from the higher courts”.
China is the largest importer of memory products, consuming 20 percent of the world's DRAM, as it has yet to build up its nascent chip industry.
Fujian Jinhua says on its website it has invested $5.65 billion to build a chip fabrication plant in the city of Jinjiang to help realise Beijing's ambitions of producing domestic IC chips.
The company also issued a statement on Tuesday saying the court had ruled against Micron. A company spokesman declined to comment further.
Analysts said the ruling would bolster Micron's well-established rivals.
“This is an opportunity for SK Hynix and Samsung, because the banned products are not what the Chinese can make on their own. So they have to import anyway,” said Greg Roh, an analyst at Hyundai Motor Securities. He added the news could boost sluggish DRAM prices.
Shares of Micron, which generated half of its $20.3 billion fiscal 2017 revenue from China, closed down 5.5 percent on Tuesday at $51.48.
UMC shares rose as much as 3.9 percent on Wednesday, before ending unchanged.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Imperial Oil Ltd:
* IMPERIAL ANNOUNCES 2017 FINANCIAL AND OPERATING RESULTS
* Q4 LOSS PER SHARE C$0.16
* QTRLY PRODUCTION AVERAGED 399,000 GROSS OIL-EQUIVALENT BARRELS PER DAY, UNCHANGED FROM SAME PERIOD OF 2016
* QTRLY TOTAL REVENUES AND OTHER INCOME C$8,077 MILLION VERSUS C$8,442 MILLION LAST YEAR
* SHARE PURCHASES ARE CURRENTLY ANTICIPATED TO EQUAL APPROXIMATELY $250 MILLION IN Q1 OF 2018
* QTRLY REFINERY THROUGHPUT AVERAGED 391,000 BARRELS PER DAY, COMPARED TO 401,000 BARRELS PER DAY IN Q4 OF 2016
* “KEARL IS EXPECTED TO PRODUCE AN ANNUAL AVERAGE OF 200,000 BARRELS PER DAY GROSS IN 2018”
* IMPERIAL OIL - QTRLY NET LOSS REFLECTED CHARGES OF $289 MILLION ASSOCIATED WITH HORN RIVER DEVELOPMENT AND $277 MILLION RELATED TO MACKENZIE GAS PROJECT
* IN 2018, CAPITAL EXPENDITURES ARE EXPECTED TO RANGE BETWEEN $1.5 BILLION TO $1.7 BILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NATIONAL
Poland has confirmed it made a compensation payment to North Korea for the 2014 death of a North Korean laborer, Voice of America reported Tuesday.
In an email to VOA's Korean Service, Poland's labor watchdog organ under the Polish Labor Department said Friday that the Polish shipyard, Crist SA, was confirmed to have given salary and compensation to an unspecified person on behalf of the bereaved family of the North Korean welder who had been employed by the shipyard and was killed in an accident.
The watchdog was not able to confirm whether the person provided the family with the money, adding that neither the amount of the compensation nor the name of the person could be made known due to a Polish law protecting personal information, the report said. It also said it could not confirm when the payment was made.
(Yonhap)
Reports said Polish labor standards officers investigated the death of a North Korean welder who was killed when his clothes caught fire at the shipyard.According to the report, the shipyard employed 45 North Korean workers through Korea Rungrado General Trading Corp. in 2013.In December 2016, the United States added the corporation to a sanctions list of 16 North Korean organizations as part of its ongoing efforts to cut off international funding for Pyongyang's nuclear and missile programs. (Yonhap)
Sen. Dan Sullivan Outlines The Current State Of The Iran Nuclear Deal NPR's Robert Siegel talks to Republican Sen. Dan Sullivan from Alaska about what Congress will do if President Trump decides to decertify the Iran Deal.
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Cabot Credit Management IPO-CAB.L is likely to attempt to list on the London Stock Exchange early in 2018 after Britain's biggest debt collector pulled a planned IPO last year, sources familiar with the matter said.
The new listing is expected to be announced after Cabot, which is backed by private equity firm JC Flowers, announces its full year results, which are due by mid-March, one source said.
Britain's IPO market has been muted since the country voted to leave the European Union in June 2016, but bankers say there is a string of deals waiting in the wings for 2018.
Software company Avast, financial services firm Old Mutual Wealth and education company GEMs are among those awaited on the London market.
A spokeswoman for Cabot, which was one of several companies whose initial public offering (IPO) plans were abandoned in the autumn, declined to comment.
The company blamed the market when it cancelled its IPO in November. But it said it would reconsider an IPO if market conditions become more supportive.
Last year Cabot was aiming to raise 195 million pounds through the listing, which was led by Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley.
Cabot's adjusted earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) rose by 19 percent to 214.3 million pounds ($304 million) in the first nine months of 2017.
Arrow Global, Cabot's closest comparable listed rival, traded down sharply around the time of Cabot's proposed IPO. Since then it has recovered more than 10 percent. ($1 = 0.7042 pounds)
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
1:55 Godspeed, John Glenn: 1921-2016
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what he learned from 2015 CFP
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting, explains motive
2:29 Meet George: The first mature male great white shark tagged by OCEARCH
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Three former University of Scranton men's basketball standouts were named to the Landmark Conference All-Decade Team as part of the league's year-long 10th anniversary celebration.
Zach Ashworth, Brendan Boken and Ross Danzig are among the 10 players selected to the squad.
Ashworth earned all-conference honors in each of his four seasons at Scranton — second team in 2008, first team in 2009, 2010 and 2011. He also is the only two-time Player of the Year in conference history (2010, 2011). He ranks sixth in Royals history with 1,786 career points and second with 224 career 3-pointers.
Boken won Landmark Player of the Year honors last season and was a three-time, first-team all-star (2014, 2015, 2016). He finished his career as the Royals' all-time leading scorer with 1,911 points and eighth with 837 career rebounds.
Danzig was Landmark Rookie of the Year in 2011, Player of the Year in 2014 and a three-time all-conference selection in 2013, 2014 and 2015. His 1,793 career points rank fourth in program history and his 184 career 3-pointer rank fifth.
Catholic placed four players on the All-Decade Team: Jason Banzhaf, Bryson Fonville, Jay Howard and Chris Kearney. Rounding of the team are Joel Patch and Spenser Spencer of Susquehanna and Reed Buck from the United States Merchant Marine Academy.
Men's basketball
Lakeland graduate Tony Harding scored 24 points and grabbed five rebounds to lead five players in double figures, as Misericordia University defeated DeSales University, 91-83, in a MAC Freedom Conference game Tuesday.
Tre Field scored 21 points, Mid Valley grad Jason Kenny and Griffin Sponaugle each scored 13 and Noah Rivera added 10 points for the Cougars, who shot 56 percent (33 for 59) from the field.
Wilkes 84, King's 68
At Wilkes-Barre, Wilkes University shot 52 percent from the field and rolled in MAC Freedom action at the Marts Center.
Marcus Robinson scored a game-high 25 points and Connor Evans and freshman Rob Pecorelli each added 11 for the Colonels.
Dan Rutecki scored 21 points and Holy Cross grad Connor Callejas added 14 for King's.
Women's basketball
Western Wayne grad Rachel Carmody scored 16 points and grabbed nine rebounds to lead Misericordia University past DeSales University, 59-52, in overtime on Tuesday.
Justine Seely matched a school record with 25 rebounds and added 12 points and six blocks and Japriya Carroll scored 17 points for the Cougars, who clinched the second seed in the conference tournament. They will host DeSales next week.
King's 78, Wilkes 61
At Wilkes-Barre, King's College hit a season-high 14 3-pointers to win the MAC Freedom at the Marts Center.
King's trailed by one midway through the third quarter, but pulled ahead with a 10-1 run.
Scranton Prep graduate Erin Schmidt had 22 points and nine rebounds for the Lady Monarchs (5-18) and Rebecca Prociak had 11 points. Haley Mesaros scored a career-high 24 points for Wilkes (5-19) and Missy Oertner had a career-high 15 points.
Mannick to Lackawanna
Lackawanna College announced Errol Mannick was hired as head coach of its women's soccer team.
Mannick served as girls head coach at Mountain View High School from 2008-13, where he won five league titles and four district championships. Previously, he saw stints as head soccer coach at Bishop Hannan, Bishop O'Hara and Blue Ridge and is currently head coach of the Susquehanna Community High School girls basketball team.
Lackawanna College is coming off of an 0-10 season.
Marywood adds rugby
Marywood University will add men's and women's rugby as varsity club programs beginning in the 2018-19 academic year.
The teams will be members of USA Rugby and the Small College Division of the Mid Atlantic Rugby Conference as rugby is not an NCAA sponsored sport. The addition of the two programs brings the total of varsity sports at Marywood to 22.
Frequent contributor Glenn Brasch, the force behind AirportCourtesyCars.com, sent us this photo of a Beaver on floats at Lake Coeur d'Alene in northern Idaho, a seaplane haven.
Would you like to have your photo featured as Picture of the Day? You can submit it via this form.
All photos sent in for Picture of the Day are also considered for our new Page 4 photo feature in the print issue of General Aviation News, as well as A Year in Pictures in the December issues.
Nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards will be revealed on Monday morning, and those unable to tune in to the broadcast on NBC can watch online via live stream.
Presenters Alfre Woodard, Garrett Hedlund, Kristen Bell, and Sharon Stone will be announcing the nominees from the Beverly Hilton Hotel at 5:15 a.m. PT/8:15 a.m. ET. The announcement will be live-streamed on Facebook and on the Golden Globes website. They will be joined by Golden Globe ambassador Simone Garcia Johnson, Hollywood Foreign Press Association president Meher Tatna, and executive vice president of television at Dick Clark Productions Barry Adelman.
Voted on by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, the Golden Globes honors achievements in film and television, both domestic and foreign.
“Dunkirk,” “The Post,” and “Call Me by Your Name” are among top candidates for best picture — drama, as are “The Big Sick,” “Lady Bird,” “Disaster Artist,” and “I, Tonya” for best picture — comedy or musical.
On the TV side, “The Crown,” “The Handmaid's Tale,” “This Is Us,” and “Stranger Things” are favorites in the drama category, while “Master of None,” “SMILF,” and “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel” are in contention for comedy series. “Big Little Lies,” “Black Mirror,” and “Feud: Bette and Joan” are expected to land noms for limited series/TV movies.
As previously announced, Debra Messing and Eric McCormack will host the Golden Globes' 75th anniversary special on Dec. 13 at 9 p.m. ET on NBC.
Seth Meyers will emcee the Golden Globes live from the Beverly Hilton in Los Angeles on Jan. 7. The ceremony will air live at 5 p.m. PT/8 p.m. ET on NBC.
Merck & Co. CEO Ken Frazier (R) listens to President Donald Trump speak during a meeting with manufacturing CEOs at the White House in Washington, D.C., February 23, 2017.
(Reuters) - Merck & Co Inc Chief Executive Kenneth Frazier resigned from U.S. President Donald Trump's American Manufacturing Council on Monday, saying he was taking a stand against intolerance and extremism.
A gathering of hundreds of white nationalists in Virginia took a deadly turn on Saturday when a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters and killed at least one person.
Trump had said "many sides" were involved, drawing fire from across the political spectrum for not specifically denouncing the far right.
"America's leaders must honor our fundamental views by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal," Frazier, who is African-American, said in a statement announcing his resignation. (bit.ly/2fFnITM)
"As CEO of Merck and as a matter of personal conscience, I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism," he said.
Trump responded in a tweet, now that "Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council, he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!"
FILE PHOTO: Penn State university chair of the school's Investigation committee Kenneth C. Frazier attends a meeting at the school's Worthington Scranton campus in Dunmore, Pennsylvania July 13, 2012. Eric Thayer
Several executives from top U.S. companies have stepped down from a number of presidential advisory councils in protest to Trump policies.
Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger left the President's Strategic and Policy Forum, a business advisory group, in June, after Trump said he would withdraw from the Paris climate accord. Musk also left the manufacturing council.
Former Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council in February amid pressure from activists and employees who opposed the administration's immigration policies.
The White House said Sunday that Trump's remarks condemning violence at a white nationalist rally were meant to include the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups.
Democrats and Republicans criticized Trump for waiting too long to address the violence - his first major domestic crisis as president - and for failing when he did speak out to explicitly condemn white-supremacist marchers who ignited the melee.
Trump on Saturday initially denounced what he called "this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides."
On Sunday, however, the White House added: "The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry, and hatred, and of course that includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi, and all extremist groups. He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together."
THE Avengers will need all their strength and superpowers to battle Thanos.
THE Avengers will need all their strength and superpowers to battle Thanos. Marvel
YOU'D have to be living under a rock to have not heard about this week's big new film, Avengers: Infinity War.
The film stars an A-list cast so big you could get through an entire tub of popcorn just watching the credits scroll by.
While its Anzac Day release has been labelled by some as a grubby cash grab, Infinity War is set to dominate the box office regardless.
The exciting thing for Marvel fans is that this super-size superhero epic, which brings all of the Avengers, Guardians of the Galaxy, Doctor Strange and more together for the first time, doesn't play it safe.
This film will be dissected by fans and reviews for weeks to come.
Also out this week is the documentary Gurrumul, which explores the life and career of the late indigenous artist Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu.
Here are this week's highlights of the big screen and why you should see them:
Avengers: Infinity War (M)
Avengers Infinity Wars trailer: The first trailer for Marvel blockbuster featuring bad guy Thanos and just about everyone else.
The Avengers and their allies must be willing to sacrifice all in an attempt to defeat the powerful Thanos before his blitz of devastation and ruin puts an end to the universe.
Why you should see it: Marvel has taken some big risks with this film in which no superhero is safe as Thanos proves to be a formidable foe. Read the review.
Gurrumul (PG)
Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu (1971 - 2017), also referred to since his death as Dr G Yunupingu, was an Indigenous Australian musician. He sang stories of his land both in Yol?u languages such as G lpu, Gumatj or Djambarrpuynu, and in English. He was formerly a member of Yothu Yindi, and later Saltwater Band. He was the most commercially successful Aboriginal Australian musician at the time of his death. contributed
Celebrated by audiences at home and abroad, indigenous artist Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu was one of the most important and acclaimed voices to ever come out of Australia. Blind from birth, he found purpose and meaning through songs and music inspired by his community and country on Elcho Island in far North East Arnhem Land.
Why you should see it: With his posthumous album topping the ARIA chart just this past week, this stirring and soulful tribute to the singer is a must-see for music lovers. Read about the album.
Continuing
I Feel Pretty (M)
I Feel Pretty trailer: Latest comedy from Amy Schumer
After a freak accident, Renee wakes up to a completely new reflection, believing she is now the most beautiful woman in the world. With a newfound confidence, she is empowered to live her life fearlessly and flawlessly.
Why you should see it: Amy Schumer always has her funny moments, but this film hits you over the head with the same joke. Overall, it's just not that funny. Read the review.
The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Society (M)
The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Society trailer: Wartime Guernsey is the setting for this film based on a popular book.
A writer forms an unexpected bond with the residents of Guernsey Island in the aftermath of World War II when she decides to write a book about their experiences during the war.
Why you should see it: This charming British film tells a fascinating, but little-known story - along with a heart-warming romance - and Lily James's Juliet is easy to fall in love with. Read the review.
Super Troopers 2 (MA 15+)
Super Troopers 2 trailer: The Super troopers are back.
When an international border dispute arises between the US and Canada, the Super Troopers are called in to set up a new Highway Patrol station in the disputed area.
Why you should see it: There are some old jokes that you've heard before, but for the most part this sequel is hilarious and entertaining. Read the review.
Continuing
Rampage (M)
Rampage trailer: The Rock saves the world again in this latest action adventure.
When a rogue genetic experiment turns a gentle ape into a raging monster, primatologist Davis Okoye teams with a genetic engineer to secure an antidote.
Why you should see it: Big monsters, silly action and Dwayne Johnson's irresistible on-screen charm make this video game adaptation just fun enough to watch. Read the review.
Isle of Dogs (PG)
Isle of Dogs trailer: Director Wes Anderson returns to the animated genre with this story of abandoned dogs in future Japan.
When the canine pets of Megasaki City are exiled to a vast garbage-dump called Trash Island, 12-year-old Atari sets off alone in a miniature Junior-Turbo Prop and flies across the river in search of his bodyguard-dog Spots.
Why you should see it: Director Wes Anderson has created one of his most quirky and finely detailed worlds yet in this wonderfully scrappy underdog tale. Read the review.
Truth or Dare (M)
Truth or Dare trailer: A new entry in the "do it or die" horror genre.
A harmless game of truth or dare among friends turns deadly when someone - or something - begins to punish those who tell a lie or refuse the dare.
Why you should see it: This horror film may be from the producer of Get Out but it's not nearly as inventive. If you're after cheap scares and some dialogue that's so bad it may be good, then this is your movie. Read the review.
A Quiet Place (M)
A Quiet Place trailer: Husband and wife, John Krasinski and Emily Blunt team up in this sci fi thriller where the slightest noise brings death.
A family of four must navigate their lives in silence after mysterious creatures that hunt by sound threaten their survival. If they hear you, they hunt you.
Why you should see it: Star and director John Krasinksi is in fine form in this nerve-jangling twist on an alien apocalypse in which barely a line of dialogue is spoken. Read the review.
PATTAYA: — At around 6:00pm on Sunday April 16th, police and emergency services were called to the scene of a road accident, in which a dog had sadly passed away and a further 2 people left with injuries.
The incident occured on the 331 road just on the outskirts of Pattaya.
Full story: Pattaya One
By Pattaya One
Twitter's recently launched “Explore” section will now feature live videos sourced from Periscope within its “Top Trends,” the company announced yesterday. The move will further integrate Twitter's standalone live streaming app into its main platform, leaving even fewer reasons to keep a separate app dedicated to live streaming video around.
The company has been criticized for its slow progress in integrating Periscope's live streaming capabilities into its own app following the acquisition of the up-and-coming live broadcasting tool back in early 2015. Instead of leveraging Periscope's technology to immediately build out its own live streaming platform within Twitter, the company instead tried to operate Periscope as a separate entity – similar to how Facebook treated Instagram.
But unlike Instagram, Periscope was acquired pre-launch, so it didn't have an existing community to build upon. It also faced intense competition from other tech giants, including Facebook and YouTube, as well as the then-newcomer startup Meerkat (which has since exited the live streaming race.)
Over the past several months, Twitter has been course correcting with regard to how it treats Periscope, however. In December, it launched the ability to live stream directly in Twitter itself, without having to open up the Periscope app. The streams started on Twitter would also be visible in Periscope, but the second app was no longer a requirement.
In addition, Twitter's mobile redesign – which saw it replacing the “Moments” section with a broader “Explore” area for search and discovery of trends, Moments, video and more – has also put a greater emphasis on live video. Of course, this includes those live streams Twitter now hosts through its numerous media deals, like those with the NFL and other sports organizations, Dick Clark Productions for various red carpet events, media outlets for political and business news coverage, and more.
Now, it will tap into Periscope to promote the live streams from individual users as well.
Watch what's trending – LIVE! You'll now see Periscopes surfaced in top trends. pic.twitter.com/Bhj8JT2ITw — Twitter Video (@TwitterVideo) February 14, 2017
These streams will be found in the “Top Trends” section within Explore, which is where you can browse the top hashtags and keyword searches that are currently blowing up on Twitter's network. When live videos are taking place in one of those trending sections, they will be marked with a bright, red “LIVE” label for easy spotting.
When you watch the video, you'll have the same experience as in Periscope – with the ability to heart and comment on the video content, as well as retweet.
Whether or not live video is available won't influence the selection of trends, apparently. As of the time of writing, none of the top trends are featuring live video. However, in the case of breaking news, it will be easier to “tune in” to the live content on Twitter, courtesy of this new feature.
CLEVELAND — Newly elected Hall of Famer Jim Thome won't be enshrined with Chief Wahoo.
Thome played most of his career with the Cleveland Indians and "fully" supports the team's decision to remove the divisive Wahoo logo from its uniforms. He prefers to have the club's block "C'' logo on his Cooperstown plaque.
The slugger feels the "C'' logo is "the right thing to do." Thome plans to speak with his wife, Andrea, and Hall of Fame officials before making a final decision.
Thome wore the Chief Wahoo logo while playing for the Indians from 1991-2002 and again when he returned in 2011. The left-handed hitter belted 612 home runs, eighth on the career list.
The New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission (TLC) will move forward with a proposal to require any car services that accept payment exclusively via credit card to offer a tipping option via the same means, the New York Times reported Monday. The proposal seems designed mostly to force Uber's hand, requiring the ride hailing service to offer an in-app tipping option, something it's been reluctant to introduce thus far.
The TLC's announced proposal will be just an initial step towards implementing the rule, and would still require formal introduction sometime within the next few months, and then a public hearing soliciting feedback from members of the community, and then a vote to decide whether to implement or reject the proposal.
The new proposed new rule comes after the Independent Drivers Guild (IDG), a group that represents Uber drivers in the city, put forward a petition and received over 11,000 signatures supporting the implementation of an in-app tipping option. Under the proposed rules, anyone exclusively accepting cash would be able to continue accepting cash tips and not required to offer a card-based tipping method.
IDG founder Jim Conigliaro, Jr. provided the following statement regarding the TLC's proposal:
Today's decision is a vitally important step forward for drivers. In-app tipping will mean a raise of hundreds of millions of dollars for New York City drivers each year. Drivers have long been denied access to the kinds of benefits and labor protections many workers take for granted, such as paid sick leave or the minimum wage. As a result, New York City's professional drivers have traditionally depended on gratuities for a substantial portion of their income. Cuts to driver pay across the ride-hail industry has made tipping income more important than ever,
Uber, when contacted, offering this comment via a spokesperson regarding the potential new rule:
We have not seen the proposal and look forward to reviewing it. Uber is always striving to offer the best earning opportunity for drivers and we are constantly working to improve the driver experience. That's why, in New York City, we partnered with the Machinists Union to make sure current and future Uber NYC drivers have a stronger voice and launched a series of new tools and support policies for drivers.
Featured Image: Getty Images
Follow Jeff Add to circle
Having an old BMW convertible laying around to tinker with is a good problem to have. Upgrade the engine? OK, but easy. Suspension? That's beginner stuff. Delightfully insane British YouTuber Colin Furze, turned his old Bimmer into a hot tub on wheels.
Your move.
Furze has a history of cranking out ridiculous creations, which range from jet-powered bicycles and homemake hoverbikes to thermite launchers and fireworks "Deathstars." He is as entertaining as he is mad. That's why BMW turned to him for what it's calling a Mad Mod.
Starting with a 1989 BMW 325i convertible, Colin transformed the car so it would be able to handle the coming deluge. All of the electronics have been relocated and protected. In fact, the ignition is now located up by the front windshield wipers. The cabin space has been protected so it can hold water and the engine works as a heater for the water. From there, a pair of leaf blowers were installed and mounted next to the rear top when it's stowed. They serve to produce the bubbles in the hot tub.
To fill the car, Furze and a friend drove to a nearby carwash—clever, but perhaps not ideal. Still, it achieves the goal of getting a bit of water into the cabin of the BMW. As the pair drove away, the BMW earned its sea legs without spilling a drop. They still need the bubble action. The leaf blowers fire up and the rolling hot tub continues its journey.
Eventually the pair finished their drive and wound up by the water. It's there where we're treated to a bonus feature of this old convertible. The rear trunk lid doubles up as a grill, and the pair of presenters finished the day with some freshly cooked fish and chips.
Now we just need Colin to test the car with a full load of water to see if it might be the fastest hot tub in the world.
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle Pause
1:52 Manatee County redevelopment and economic opportunity director gets to work
0:51 Giant gator at Buffalo Creek Golf Course in Parrish
2:59 How it works: red tide testing
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
1:22 Acapulco Tropical co-owner on opening second Bradenton location
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
PULLMAN, Wash. — Washington State leading scorer Robert Franks has decided to withdraw from the NBA draft and will return for his senior season.
Franks, the Pac-12's Most Improved Player last season, announced Wednesday that he would return.
Franks declared for the draft in March but did not hire an agent. His return is good news for Washington State, which lost Drick Bernstine to graduation and point guard Malachi Flynn to a transfer.
Last season, Franks averaged 17.4 points and 6 rebounds per game. He was an honourable mention All-Pac-12 selection.
“Warmind,” the second expansion for “Destiny 2,” will focus on Clovis Bray — a company Bungie's David “Deej” Dague compares to the Weyland-Yutani Corporation from the “Alien” franchise. Ana Bray, a long-lost Guardian, will be a major new character guiding players through the story of “Warmind.”
The new story will begin at the polar ice caps of Mars, which are melting away to reveal the buried remains of a Clovis Bray facility — the birthplace of the warmind Rasputin. Story missions will follow Ana Bray and players' Guardians as they uncover the lost history of Ana's family. This new region of Mars will also introduce new lore about the necrotic sorcerers, ogres, and thrall of the Hive, who were buried along with Clovis Bray during the Collapse that occurred centuries before the game. The main Hive antagonist, Nokris, will look familiar to players who killed Oryx in the original “Destiny.”
Rasputin himself — a corrupted Golden Age AI who's long been teased as a major character in the ongoing “Destiny” story — is now being billed as a non-player character, or “NPC,” as well, so it sounds like we'll get to properly meet him at last in “Warmind.”
Tuesday during a livestream on Twitch, which began at 1 p.m. ET, developers at Bungie and Vicarious Vision unveiled “Warmind,” the second expansion for “Destiny 2.” The “Warmind” DLC has been slated for release on May 8, and will kick off the game's third season of content updates. According to Bungie's current development roadmap for the game, Season 3 will introduce a reworked loadout system and randomized weapons — two changes regularly asked for by the community — as well as features called “gear collections” and “records.”
ENGLEWOOD, Colo. -- The Denver Broncos opened their coaching search just moments after a tearful goodbye from Gary Kubiak as the organization formally requested permission to interview Atlanta Falcons offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan.
Shanahan, whose father, Mike, won back-to-back Super Bowls in 1997 and 1998 during a 14-year tenure as Broncos coach, currently calls plays for the NFL's highest-scoring offense. The Falcons, who open the postseason Jan. 14 after a bye, have scored 33.8 points per game this season and are the only team in the league to average more than 30 points per game.
Editor's Picks Broncos' gutty win painful reminder of season that got away The Broncos sent Gary Kubiak out the way they wanted to, but they also reminded themselves with an easy victory how different 2016 could have been.
The 37-year-old also fits the profile of what John Elway, Broncos executive vice president of football operations/general manager, has said he is looking for a Kubiak replacement.
Asked to describe a candidate who might fit the job and the expectations that come with it, Elway said: "There are a lot of young guys out there who look like they have a lot of potential, very bright young guys. Hopefully we can get one of those.''
By league rule, because the Falcons earned a playoff bye, the Broncos and other teams could interview Shanahan in Atlanta this week.
The Broncos are also expected to look at Miami Dolphins defensive coordinator Vance Joseph, Buffalo Bills interim coach Anthony Lynn, Seattle Seahawks offensive coordinator Darrell Bevell and Detroit Lions defensive coordinator Teryl Austin.
Joseph interviewed for the Broncos' head-coaching job in 2015, and team officials were so intrigued by his potential that they tried to bring him in as the defensive coordinator after Kubiak was hired. At the time, the Cincinnati Bengals wouldn't grant permission for Joseph to leave.
Austin was also scheduled to interview with the Broncos that year, but he took his name out of consideration after Kubiak was interviewed. Lynn is a former Broncos assistant coach and player.
"There are some quality candidates out there,'' Elway said Monday. "... It's obviously a position we want to fill as quickly as we can, but we also want to go through the process, the detailed process. ... We'd like to get it done, but we'd also like to get the right guy.''
Broncos defensive coordinator Wade Phillips is among the team's assistant coaches whose contracts are up. Elway said the new head coach would be allowed to choose which coaches would be retained but added, "Hopefully he'll retain a lot of them.''
I make a point of reading CircleID. There is no getting around the utility of knowing what thoughtful people are thinking and saying about our industry.
... this is for you. More and more professionals are choosing to publish critical posts on CircleID from all corners of the Internet industry. If you find it hard to keep up daily, consider subscribing to our weekly digest. We will provide you a convenient summary report once a week sent directly to your inbox. It's a quick and easy read.
While some attendees may not agree with how all the models are classified it is still a helpful way of showing the deviations from the current fully public whois model for gTLD domain name registrations.
Rather than simply talking about the various "models" they produced both a visual mapping and a matrix.
On January 24, 2018, ICANN's Business Constituency (BC) and Intellectual Property Constituency (IPC) co-hosted an event to discuss the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and its implications on access to the WHOIS database. ICANN's CEO and General Counsel joined the discussion, as did stakeholders from across the ICANN community. The event was timely and well attended with over 200 participants attending in-person or virtually. more
There is growing concern about how ICANN will comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), whose enforcement sanctions come into force in May of 2018. How will ICANN comply with GDPR without unduly restricting global Internet users' access to the public WHOIS database? For nearly the past 20 years, Internet users, businesses, law enforcement and consumer protection agencies have relied on WHOIS as a necessary resource. more
It is once again time for our annual review of posts that received the most attention on CircleID during the past year. Congratulations to all the 2017 participants for sharing their thoughts and making a difference in the industry. 2017 marked CircleID's 15th year of operation as a medium dedicated to all critical matters related to the Internet infrastructure and services. We are in the midst of historic times, facing rapid technological developments and there is a lot to look forward to in 2018. more
In 2018, Internet Governance will be one of the top priorities in the geo-strategic battles among big powers. In today's world, every global conflict has an Internet-related component. There is no international security without cybersecurity. The world economy is a digital economy. And human rights are relevant offline as well as online. It is impossible to decouple cyberspace from the conflicts of the real world. more
In September 2017, I wrote an article [1] about the new domain extensions in German and got very good feedback and was asked to translate it into English in order to make it available for a broader audience. I wanted to comply with this request, but unfortunately, it took a while to revise and translate my article... In June 2011, ICANN gave the starting signal for about 1,400 new top-level domains (TLD) to make the existing namespace bigger and more diverse. more
The courts of the United Kingdom have set themselves outside the mainstream of Internet consensus policies on trademark/domain name disputes. A U.K. court decision regarding the UDRP reflects an unfortunate tendency to overlook one of the fundamental principles of the UDRP, namely the opportunity to seek independent resolution of a trademark/domain name dispute by court proceedings. more
The modus operandi of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) is achieving consensus. This also holds true for the principal rights protection mechanism that emerged from a two-year round of debates organized by the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) that ICANN implemented in 1999 as the Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy (UDRP). Consensus rules; not precedent, although consensus inevitably becomes that. more
Actually practical and not necessarily a problem. The Security Council of the Russian Federation, headed by Vladimir Putin, has ordered the "government to develop an independent internet infrastructure for BRICS nations, which would continue to work in the event of global internet malfunctions." RT believes "this system would be used by countries of the BRICS bloc - Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa." Expect dramatic claims about Russia's plan for an alternate root for the BRICs and not under Western control. more
On 11 December 2017, about 25 participants from Europe and the US attended the public consultation for the brand-new GDPR Domain Industry Playbook by eco (Association of the Internet Industry, based in Germany) at the representation of the German federal state Lower Saxony to the European Union in Brussels. The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) poses a challenge for the Registries, Registrars, Resellers and ICANN. more
A colleague was recently commenting on an article by Michele Neylon "European Data Protection Authorities Send Clear Message to ICANN" citing the EU Data Commissioners of the Article 29 Working Party, the grouping a determinate factor In the impending death of WHOIS. He is on point when he said: What the European Data Protection authorities have not yet put together is that the protection of people's mental integrity on the Internet is not solely due to the action of law enforcement... more
Steeped deep in discussions around the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) for the past several months, it has occurred to me that I've been answering the same question for over a decade: "What happens if WHOIS data is not accessible?" One of the answers has been and remains the same: People will likely sue and serve a lot of subpoenas. This may seem extreme, and some will write this off as mere hyperbole, but the truth is that the need for WHOIS data to address domain name matters will not disappear. more
Given that it's been a few years since my last domain name year in review, I've really enjoyed looking back at this year's biggest domain name stories and seeing how this industry has evolved. This year, in particular, has seen some notable changes which are likely to impact the domain name landscape for years to come. So without further ado, here is my list for 2017. more
ICANN has issued a guidance notice to registrars and registries in relation to Hurricane Maria, which caused massive damage throughout the Caribbean. This isn't the first time that this has happened, with a previous incident in Asia triggering action from both registrars and registries to give domain name registrants impacted by the natural disaster breathing space. more
The best and most knowledgeable experts of dot Brand met in the Brands and Domains conference, on October 2 and 3 in the Hague, Netherlands. Brand and project owners were also present, coming from all around the world -- from Australia or Japan to the USA and Canada. The keynote by Georges-Edouard Dias, CEO of Quantstreams and founder of the concept of brand hospitality, explained how customers are not anymore the targets of brands. more
Amazon filed applications for the .AMAZON top-level domains in several scripts in 2012. Five years later, ICANN will re-examine the applications after an Independent Review Process (IRP) proceeding. The IRP Panel found that ICANN's Board failed to demonstrate the existence of public policy reasons for denying the applications. more
Photo: Courtesy RCA
By Scott T. Sterling
From the moment it was officially announced, Justin Timberlake's Man of the Woods has generated a whirlwind of rumors, innuendo and controversy.
Related: Justin Timberlake Dances With Jessica Biel in ‘Man of the Woods' Video
The title alone had many trumpeting that the pop superstar was pulling a reverse Taylor Swift and “going country.” Others accused him of simply aping contemporary country music culture in an appeal at a wider audience.
Listening to Man of the Woods, the reality is far less sensational. As an artist who emerged from NSync into a fully formed pop star with the release of his 2002 solo debut, Justified, Timberlake has continually taken bold risks in ongoing efforts at staying at the vanguard of modern music and pop culture at large. His new album is no exception.
With the futuristic sheen of “Filthy,” an attempt at recreating the then-shocking effect “Sexyback” had upon its initial release in 2006, Man of the Woods finds Timberlake again delving into new territories hoping to shake things up in the world around him.
These are the 5 best songs on Man of the Woods.
“Wave”
With Timberlake re-teaming with the Neptunes (Pharrell Williams and Chad Hugo) for a number of tracks, the trio recaptures the bright, feel-good vibes that made Justified such an instant hit on this cool and melodic track.
“Supplies”
This one probably shouldn't work. Somehow, Timberlake throwing caution to the wind and going hard with the Neptunes on a full-blown trap-style club banger comes together into a track that will actually bang in Vegas clubs. Watch the futurist video, which contains explicit language, here.
“Say Something”
The first of two Chris Stapleton collaborations on Man of the Woods is the clear standout. The two share a similar genre-blurring aesthetic, with Stapleton's genuine roots a strong foil for Timberlake's pop experimentalism.
“Breeze Off the Pond”
Another Timberlake/Neptunes gem. Justin assumes a smooth, Stevie Wonder-like singing style on the relaxed, soul-pop track brushed with lush background vocals. The top-down summer road trip jam of the album.
“Morning Light”
Timberlake teams with Alicia Keys on this cool, breezy tune. Key's laid-back and subtle performance gives the track a warm, sultry appeal, and meshes well with Timberlake's controlled delivery. Like with the Stapleton tracks, Timberlake lets the featured artist lead the track and infuse it with their own personality.
Los Angeles Chargers starting middle linebacker Denzel Perryman may require surgery and is likely to miss the season's first four games after suffering a significant ankle injury against the Seattle Seahawks Sunday night, according to NFL Media's Ian Rapoport.
Rapoport also went on to note that the potential extended absence of Perryman might land him on the injured reserve/designated to return list.
Perryman went down with a non-contact injury in the first half of the Chargers' 49-17 loss at the hands of Seattle but did return to the sideline on crutches and with a boot on his left foot.
Though he's likely to miss at least one-quarter of the season and the team aren't overly deep at inside linebacker, Los Angeles does have some good talent in the likes of linebackers Korey Toomer, Jatavis Brown and Joshua Perry behind Perryman.
Toomer posted an impressive 81.3 Pro Football Focus grade in 2016, while Brown was just behind at 79.2 with Perry at 76.4 on just 114 snaps.
Margi Coats says her twin boys received the same diagnosis. But only one brother is getting better. Screenshot from Facebook
Gary Garofalo has been named CEO and Larry Kraemer was promoted to chief operating officer of Harkins Builders.
Garofalo succeeds Dick Lombardo, who retired Jan. 2. Lombardo will remain active the company as a member of its board of directors.
Garofalo joined the company in 1991 and has managed the company's finances as chief financial officer since 1992. He was promoted to president and COO in 2016, and Kraemer was also promoted at that time, to executive vice president. Kraemer has been with Harkins since 1989, serving since 1998 as vice president of preconstruction and marketing.
Information in Movers and Shakers is provided by the submitter. To submit a mover and Shakers item, visit http://thedailyrecord.com/movers/.
PanARMENIAN.Net - Mountea, an Armenian company producing tea from mountain herbs has begun to export its products to Russia, founder Davit Mnatsakanyan told PanARMENIAN.Net
"While the volume of tea exported is not big for now - only 4000 tea packs have been shipped - the most important thing is that the ice has been broken, we are moving forward with slow but confident steps. Our product is sold in Moscow, St. Petersburg and Sochi," Mnatsakanyan said.
Also, the Mountea founder said he hopes to soon export the ecologically-friendly Armenian tea to other Russian cities as well.
"Our initiative has a social component too: we purchase raw materials directly from villagers, in an attempt to help solve the problem of unemployment in the provinces of the country," Mnatsakanyan said.
According to him, the company now produces 4 types of tea - thyme, peppermint, St. John's wort and chamomile.
Palmetto Police in dire need of boat, says Chief Tyler Palmetto is a city surrounded by the Manatee River, Terra Ceia and portions of Tampa Bay, it makes sense to have a boat, says Chief of Police Scott Tyler. Tiffany Tompkins ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Palmetto is a city surrounded by the Manatee River, Terra Ceia and portions of Tampa Bay, it makes sense to have a boat, says Chief of Police Scott Tyler. Tiffany Tompkins
Fekir will consider offers, admits Lyon boss
Omnisport FOLLOW NEWS News 384 // 04 Jul 2018, 17:29 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Lyon forward Nabil Fekir
Nabil Fekir will "chase the opportunity" if given the option join one of Europe's bigger clubs, according to Lyon manager Bruno Genesio.
The 24-year-old forward was on the verge of completing a transfer to Liverpool when Lyon pulled out of the deal but speculation around Fekir's future continues to circulate.
Real Madrid have been linked with the France star, who played from the substitutes' bench in each of Les Bleus' first four matches at the World Cup, and Genesio sounded resigned to losing him at Lyon's first news conference ahead of the 2018-19 season.
"He wanted to leave to go on a bigger club than Lyon and he had that opportunity with Liverpool," Genesio told reporters.
"But knowing the situation today, I think he considers all the solutions. If he has an offer from a very big European club, of course he will chase the opportunity. But once again the clubs have to get along, because there are always three parties in this negotiation.
"Having said that, I think that if the situation has to remain the way it is, well he is in Lyon, he is our captain, he plays in the Champions League, he is decisive. Despite his injury he played his best this season for me so the situation isn't terrible."
Genesio was asked about former Lyon midfielder Corentin Tolisso, who is set to line up for France in their World Cup quarter-final in the absence of the suspended Blaise Matuidi.
Tolisso came through the youth ranks at Lyon before joining German champions Bayern Munich in 2017 and his former coach backed the 23-year-old to deliver for Didier Deschamps, if called upon.
"Coco is perfectly able to replace Blaise Matuidi," said Genesio. "Tolisso can play absolutely everywhere on the pitch, I have used him everywhere. Of course it is good to have one position where you are best but Corentin can play everywhere and I think he will be perfectly able to replace Matuidi.
"He improved a lot in his ability to manage his emotions. If you take the game against Australia, it was his first ever World Cup game. He was stressed, which is understandable. But now he is well settled in the tournament so there won't be any issue on that matter."
Eventually, we get a little tired of the standard glaze colors that are out there, and sometimes we just need more variety. Glazes using rare earth metals are available at high-fire temperatures and conditions, but that isn't viable for those of us with more humble facilities.
Defining the Terms
Dichroic: A dichroic substance is one that changes colors in various light sources–not necessarily in different polarizations of light.
Fluorescent Light: Primarily on the blue-sided light spectrum, though we perceive it as yellow-white. Despite this perception, most of the intensity of the light profile exists on the blue (400-520 nm) side of the spectrum (CFL, warehouse lighting, and halogen street lamps).
Full Spectrum Light: Contains either a continuum or single bands of light throughout the entire spectrum, creating the most full light profile (newer LEDs and natural sunlight).
Incandescent Light: Primarily on the red-sided light spectrum, though we perceive it as yellow. Despite this perception, most of the intensity of the light profile exists on the red (550–700 nm) side of the spectrum (refrigerator bulbs or sodium street lamps).
Rare Earth Metal: These elements are found in the lanthanide row of the periodic table, are rarer than others, and require some specialized processing for their purification. Unfortunately, they're also a little more expensive, costing $60–80 per pound; however, they provide very unique color profiles and one has dichroic effects.
Rare Earth Metals
There are a variety of rare earth metals—28 of them in the lanthanides and actinides, to be exact—and many are either too expensive or radioactive, to incorporate into a glaze. The actinides are all radioactive, as elements after bismuth tend to be. Their nuclei are so large that the overwhelming number of protons and positive charges are not stable, blasting them apart into smaller-sized elements. Fortunately, most of the lanthanides are safe—even safer than copper, with a lower acute toxicity. They possess electrons in both the f and d orbitals that allow for some very unique color events—different from all of the transition metals that are traditionally used for ceramic glaze color.
The three rare earth metals that produce significant visible color are neodymium, erbium, and praseodymium. These have been shown to have intense color results in high-temperature firings, but have not been widely adapted for cone 6 oxidation. Since these are somewhat pastel at high metal loading (high percentages for metallic colorants), they are considered weaker colorants than the traditional transition metal colorants. This higher metal loading in a glaze base warrants mindfulness of cost as a function of that higher loading. While neodymium is reported to be sufficiently color-rich at 4–6%, the dichroic effect is more suitably strong at 7–8%. Praseodymium has a sufficient pastel green color at 7.5% and erbium is a soft rose pink at 8–10% loading.
Rare Earth Metal Glazes
There are three main glaze bases covered in this article. Two are adapted cone 6 celadon bases that assist with stabilizing the density of the rare earth metals put into them. In addition to those bases, I would recommend adding 0.05% CMC gum to the Nucular Green glaze to prevent settling. The Sorority Pink glaze possesses a significant amount of EPK, which is inhibitive of settling. Additionally, the base glaze stabilizes little bubbles within it, much akin to Ron Roy's 20's base; however, this recipe uses only the simplest of ingredients, which is more learning-effective for beginning students with respect to understanding glaze design from raw material components, and omits the need for purchasing specialized frits or wollastonite.
While any of the glaze bases can have one of the rare earth metal oxide colorants added to it, like the tiles glazed with the Bubble Base Glaze in (1) (which is the base recipe listed for Sorority Pink on page 58), each base was tuned to complement its colorant. The WTF Purple glaze is fully translucent with heavier crazing, to accentuate the dichroic effects. Sorority Pink is a softer/more muted pink in a high EPK kaolin base that does not show crazing on porcelain. Finally, the Nucular Green has some opacity/satin character, which complements the neon green color and feel of the cups (2). If erbium is used in either of the other bases, especially the neodymium base, it comes out as an electric candy pink and not a soft rose pink. Notably, the WTF Purple glaze is named after the exclamation that most people make as they transition across various light sources and observe color shifts in the glaze.
3 A yunomi with WTF Purple glaze photographed under three different light sources. From top to bottom: halogen light bulb, incandescent light bulb, and LED light bulb. All yunomi prepared with cone-6 Laguna Frost porcelain and fired to cone 6 in oxidation.
Dichroic Effects
Dichroic effects are somewhat rare in gemstones, but always elicit a smile when observed or held in a hand as the color change transpires. Neodymium is notorious for possessing dichroic properties in glass, such that the development of a dichroic glaze is not unreasonable. To explain dichroics, I should communicate that the glaze is not actually changing in any way; the quality of light striking the glaze is changing and we can note that by watching the color change in the dichroic glaze. Blue-heavy lights like CFL bulbs, fluorescent bulbs, or halogen street lamps are mostly on the blue side of the spectrum and will cause neodymium to appear a soft to vibrant blue. Incandescent sources and sodium street lamps produce light that is mostly on the red side of the spectrum, thus one would primarily see only a pink/red glaze from the light reflected back. Full-spectrum sources, like some LEDs and natural sunlight, simultaneously reflect back both red and blue colors, thus we see lavender. In (3), a single yunomi has been exposed to halogen, incandescent, and LED lights, showing the three color extremes for neodymium glazes.
To this end, rare earth metals and new color profiles can be used at cone 6 in oxidation under more facile conditions and in lower budget kiln firings. As a series of addendum notes, I would suggest only using these glazes on the whitest of cone 6 porcelains, as iron content diminishes the dichroic properties. Avoid stoneware, iron-bearing clays, and contamination with iron-containing glazes.
The development of these glazes was inspired, requested, and sponsored by Ernestine Sitkiewicz at the Visual Arts Center of Richmond, Virginia.
the author Ryan Coppage is currently Chemistry Faculty at the University of Richmond. He teaches a Japanese Ceramics and Glaze Design class at the Visual Arts Center of Richmond and still makes far too many pots. www.ryancoppage.com.
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge Pause
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of his wife
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of his wife
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
1:22 Acapulco Tropical co-owner on opening second Bradenton location
0:23 Bradenton police investigate fatal shooting
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):` Speaker National Assembly Sardar Ayaz Sadiq has said that Pakistan considered France an important friend and wished to enhance the bilateral and parliamentary relations as well as multilateral cooperation with it.
He made these remarks in his meeting with a five-member French Parliamentary delegation headed by Mr. Jean-Bernard Sempastous, President of France-Pakistan Friendship Group in the National Assembly of France here Monday, said a press
release.
Convener of the Pak-French PFG in National Assembly of Pakistan Muhammad Junaid Anwaar Chaudhry and French Ambassador in Pakistan Mr. Marc Baréty were also present in a meeting held in the Parliament House.
Refereeing to Pakistan-France relations, the Speaker emphasized the role of parliamentarians in cementing bilateral
relations between the two countries.
He said that it is very encouraging that Pak-French Friendship Groups existed in the parliaments of the two countries to promote mutual interaction among the parliamentarians. “Parliamentarians through PFG can play an important role in
bringing the two countries closer”.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq said that Pakistan is heading towards its real destination, as Pakistan has taken off on the road of development and progress.
He said that there is no room for terrorism and extremism in Pakistan and terrorists are open enemies of humanity.
He said that the Pakistani nation is committed to eliminating terrorism and unparalleled achievements have been made due
to a decision, taken with consensus, by military and civilian leaderships. “Terrorism and extremism are the biggest threats to
peace and stability and it can be countered by closer cooperation amongst the stakeholders, the Speaker said.
He said that durable peace in South Asia cannot be achieved without resolution of Kashmir issue. He underlined that peace
and stability in Pakistan was inextricably linked with that of Afghanistan.
The Speaker outlined that Pakistan is the France's second largest trading partner in South Asia and Pakistan-France
relation derives its strength from people-to-people contacts.
He urged for expansion and diversification of trade relations and strengthening of “Pakistan-France Business Alliance”. He urged for more robust cooperation in scientific research, energy, environment, education and governance.
French delegation appreciated the role of Pakistani Parliament and reiterated his country's full support to democratic
forces of the country.
“France wanted democracy and democratic institutions in Pakistan to flourish and strengthen” they said.
Mr Jean-Bernard Sempastous, President of France-Pakistan Friendship Group in the National Assembly of France said that France also wanted to enhance cooperation with Pakistan in all sectors of the economy.
He said that Pakistan is rendering great sacrifices in the war against terrorism and its role is commendable.
He added that Pakistan's advances and contribution in global war on terror deserves candid appreciation and assured the Speaker that France will continue to support for this collective cause.
He also endorsed expansion of cooperation in energy, education, environment and agriculture. Mr Jean added that
France-Pakistan cooperation is highly crucial for tackling evolving challenges in the region and beyond.
This seizure of 113 pounds of pot from a Minnesota man's car in Oregon helps stoke black market concerns. (Photo: Oregon State Police / AP)
Portland, Ore. — Well before Oregon legalized marijuana, its verdant, wet forests made it an ideal place for growing the drug, which often ended up being funneled out of the state for big money. Now, officials suspect pot grown legally in Oregon and other states is also being smuggled out, and the trafficking is putting America's multibillion-dollar marijuana industry at risk.
In response, pot-legal states are trying to clamp down on “diversion” even as U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions presses for enforcement of federal laws against marijuana.
Tracking legal weed from the fields and greenhouses where it's grown to the shops where it's sold under names like Blueberry Kush and Chernobyl is their main protective measure.
In Oregon, Gov. Kate Brown recently signed into law a requirement that state regulators track from seed to store all marijuana grown for sale in Oregon's legal market. Only recreational marijuana has been comprehensively tracked. Tina Kotek, speaker of the Oregon House, said lawmakers wanted to ensure “we're protecting the new industry that we're supporting here.”
“There was a real recognition that things could be changing in D.C.,” she said.
The Washington State Liquor and Cannabis Board says it's replacing its tracking Nov. 1 with a “highly secure, reliable, scalable and flexible system.”
California voters approved using a tracking system run by Lakeland, Florida-based Franwell for its recreational pot market. Sales become legal Jan. 1.
Franwell also tracks marijuana, using bar-code and radio frequency identification labels on packaging and plants, in Colorado, Oregon, Maryland, Alaska and Michigan.
“The tracking system is the most important tool a state has,” said Adam Crabtree, who runs Denver-based Nationwide Compliance Specialists Inc., which helps tax collectors track elusive, cash-heavy industries like the marijuana business.
But the systems aren't fool-proof. They rely on the users' honesty, he said.
“We have seen numerous examples of people ‘forgetting' to tag plants,” Crabtree said. Colorado's tracking also doesn't apply to home-grown plants and many noncommercial marijuana caregivers.
In California, implementing a “fully operational, legal market” could take years, said state Sen. Mike McGuire, who represents the “Emerald Triangle” region that's estimated to produce 60 percent of America's marijuana. But he's confident tracking will help.
“In the first 24 months, we're going to have a good idea who is in the regulated market and who is in black market,” McGuire said.
Oregon was the first state to decriminalize personal possession, in 1973. It legalized medical marijuana in 1998, and recreational use in 2014.
Before that, Anthony Taylor hid his large cannabis crop from aerial surveillance under a forest canopy east of Portland, and tended it when there was barely enough light to see.
“In those days, marijuana was REALLY illegal,” said Taylor, now a licensed marijuana processor and lobbyist. “If you got caught growing the amounts we were growing, you were going to go to prison for a number of years.”
Taylor believes it's easier to grow illegally now because authorities lack the resources to sniff out every operation. And growers who sell outside the state can earn thousands of dollars per pound, he said.
Still, it's hard to say if pot smuggling has gotten worse in Oregon, or how much of the marijuana leaving the state filters out from the legal side.
Chris Gibson, executive director of the federally funded Oregon-Idaho High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area program, said the distinction matters less than the fact that marijuana continues to leave Oregon on planes, trains and automobiles, and through the mail.
“None is supposed to leave, so it's an issue,” Gibson told the Associated Press. “That should be a primary concern to state leadership.”
On a recent morning, Billy Williams, the U.S. attorney in Oregon, sat at his desk in his office overlooking downtown Portland, a draft Oregon State Police report in front of him. Oregon produces between 132 tons and 900 tons more marijuana than what Oregonians can conceivably consume, the report said, using statistics from the legal industry and estimates of illicit grows.
Sessions himself cited the report in a July 24 letter to Oregon's governor. In it, Sessions asked Brown to explain how Oregon would address the report's “serious findings.”
Pete Gendron, a licensed marijuana grower who advised state regulators on compliance and enforcement, said the reports' numbers are guesswork, and furthermore are outdated because they don't take into account the marijuana now being sold in Oregon's legal recreational market.
A U.S. Justice Department task force recently said the Cole Memorandum, which restricts federal marijuana law enforcement in states where pot is legal, should be re-evaluated to see if it should be changed.
The governors of Oregon, Colorado, Washington and Alaska — where both medical and recreational marijuana are legal — wrote to Sessions and Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin in April, warning altering the memorandum “would divert existing marijuana product into the black market and increase dangerous activity in both our states and our neighboring states.”
But less than a month later, Sessions wrote to congressional leaders criticizing the federal government's hands-off approach to medical marijuana, and citing a Colorado case in which a medical marijuana licensee shipped pot out of state.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2uIIkgm
Is there a point when investors will turn off the spigots for giant unicorn funding rounds? If so, we haven't reached that threshold yet.
Last year, investors put a record amount of capital into members of the Crunchbase Unicorn Leaderboard, a list of private venture-backed companies valued at more than $1 billion.
Globally, a staggering $66 billion went into unicorn companies in 2017, up 39 percent year-over-year, according to an analysis of Crunchbase data. The ride-hailing space was the single largest recipient of investor dollars, with several rivals in the space raising billions. Investors also poured copious sums into co-working, consumer internet and augmented reality.
Newcomers also joined the unicorn club for the first time in 2017, albeit at a slightly slower pace than the preceding two years. For all of 2017, 60 new startups were added to the unicorn list. This compares to 66 newly minted unicorns in 2016 and the record-setting 2015 with 99 newcomers.
Below, we break down the leading locations for new and existing unicorns, top sectors for investment capital, exits and a few other trends affecting the space.
Geographic breakdown
The vast majority of unicorns are headquartered in either the U.S. or China, and that's also the case for newcomers to the Unicorn Leaderboard.
In 2017, both the U.S. and China continued to mint new unicorns at a steady clip. A total of 29 U.S. companies inked their first funding round at a valuation of a billion dollars or more, up from 22 the prior year. In China, 24 new unicorns joined the leaderboard, down from 32 in 2016. Europe and Southeast Asia, meanwhile, also contributed a few unicorns.
In the chart below, we look at new entrants, categorized by country:
The newcomers were a pretty diverse bunch, spanning industries from agtech to enterprise software, including no-cost stock buying platform Robinhood, online education provider VIPKID and cryptocurrency buying and selling platform Coinbase.
Sectors
Unicorn investors showed a particularly strong appetite, however, for companies in a handful of sectors.
Ridesharing, in particular, had a strong funding year, with companies in the space taking more than 10 percent of all unicorn investment. That was largely attributable to a billion and multi-billion dollar rounds for Lyft, Grab, Ola and Didi Chuxing.
Bike-sharing was also big. Two new entrants onto the unicorn list came from that space: Ofo and Mobike. However, concerns arose later in the year over whether consumer demand could support the ballooning bike supply.
Other recipients of really substantial funding rounds, even by unicorn standards, include U.S. co-working giant WeWork and China-based consumer internet players Toutiao and Koubei.
Exiting the board
So a lot of unicorns are raising big rounds. But is there any sign members of the group will eventually produce returns for investors?
Overall, 2017 provided some modestly positive news for unicorn exit watchers. Fifteen venture-funded companies with private valuations of a billion dollars or more went public last year, more than double 2016 levels and the highest total since Crunchbase began tracking the asset class.
Acquisition activity, meanwhile, was weaker. There were just seven recorded M&A exits involving unicorns in 2017, down from 10 in 2016. AppDynamics was the highest-performing exit at 95 percent over its last private valuation. For the remaining companies that exited, all appear to have been below or at their last private valuation.
In the chart below, we look at IPO and M&A counts for unicorns over the past seven years:
Unicorn IPOs weren't just more common in 2017. Performance was often quite good, too. Many of last year's newly public companies sustained market caps far higher than their last private valuations. Top performers by this metric include several China-based unicorns, led by investment manager Qudian and search engine Sogou. Other standouts include gaming hardware provider Razer and app developer software provider MuleSoft.
In the chart below, we look at some of the top performers based on the post-IPO percentage gains over their last private valuations:
Lately, going public seems to be a better option for investor returns. If the company goes out below its last private valuation, that multiple can improve if it grows its market and public shareholders boost the stock. For an M&A transaction, the price is set and either late-stage investors have built in protections or are losing money at those exit prices.
Averages point to more exits ahead
For the 45 unicorn companies that have gone public, the average time to go public has been 26 months after first being valued at $1 billion. For the 25 companies that have been acquired, the average time to get acquired is 24 months after first being valued at $1 billion.
So what does that say about the current crop of still-private companies? Because more than 150 companies out of 263 have been on the Unicorn Leaderboard for more than two years, we expect exits to increase, given the backlog.
Special thanks to Steven Rossi who manages the Crunchbase Unicorn Leaderboard.
Detroit Tigers' Dixon Machado scores from second on a single by Nicholas Castellanos during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Detroit. Carlos Osorio AP Photo
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City and Aden Flint were the subjects of praise from an EFL expert after Friday's win against Sheffield United.
Goals from Jamie Paterson and Aden Flint either side of a Leon Clarke strike helped clinch a third straight win for the Robins.
City are now third in the Sky Bet Championship after the victory – and came in for praise from the Football On 5 panel last weekend.
Former Burnley and Watford striker Chris Iwelumo was stunned by Aden Flint'S winning goal – a side-footed half volley which was perfectly struck into the corner of the goal.
Lee Johnson also grabbed plenty of credit for the way he's led his young side.
“He is so highly thought of Aden Flint – defensively what he brings, his character and what outside the dressing room,” said Iwelumo.
“His goal wasn't even a defender's finish – it's outstanding,” he jokingly added.
“Lee Johnson has got them [Bristol City] playing attractive football. They can mix and match and play counter-attacking football as well.
Iwelumo went on to say: “The winner was certainly against the run of play though. Sheffield United with ten-men looked outstanding.”
He also praised Chris Wilder's attacking mentality despite the Blades having John Fleck sent off for a shocking tackle on Korey Smith.
“He's spot on with the way he is setting up – he wants to go and win the match. That's why Sheffield United are where they are,” he said
“From the get go, he said ‘we're going to go attack in every match' – and even with ten men against City.”
We all know the sound well: brake squeal.
The high-pitched noise emitted from the pads and rotors that causes stress, and sometimes embarrassment. But, don't fret. Porsche wants drivers to know it's a completely normal circumstance.
The brand produced an overly informative video explaining what brake squeal is, and why it happens. Drivers should rest easy knowing the noise occurs when energy and heat convert to vibrations. The brake rotor then acts as a "speaker" and amplifies the vibrations to create the squeal. In Porsche cars specifically, the large brake pads can create more squeal at low speeds due to pad pressure distribution.
The video then spends quite a bit of time assuring Porsche drivers that the brand's brake systems are top-notch and squealing rarely hints at an underlying issue. But, if an owner is concerned, a technician can confirm the noise is nothing more than the parts operating in a normal fashion.
Moral of the story? Don't worry so much about the brake squeal. Instead, just enjoy the car no matter what obscure sounds it may make. Besides, a Porsche powertrain and its associated soundtrack should more than make up for occasional brake squeal.
Police are reminding people to be vigilant and report any suspicious activity, as they continue to promote the Action Counters Terrorism campaign in the lead up to Christmas.
The number of shoppers into town centres is expected to increase in the run up to Christmas and shoppers and party-goers are being urged to stay alert and report any suspicious activity.
Detective Superintendent Glen Channer, from the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit and Counter Terror Policing, said: “We know that the Christmas period is a busy time, with many more people than usual visiting town centres, enjoying the night-time economy, and attending events such as Christmas markets. We want everyone to have a safe festive period and that's why we're urging people stay alert and make it harder for terrorists to carry out or plan an attack.”
There will also be more armed police officers as the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Armed Policing Unit launches a new operation which will see armed officers carry out more visible and proactive patrols.
The move, which has not been introduced because of any specific intelligence, is designed to help the public feel reassured and ensure more regular armed patrols are carried out at key locations across the three counties.
Chief Inspector Julia Hands, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Armed Policing Unit, said: “The safety of the public is our number one priority which is why we've decided to increase the visibility of our armed officers.
“From this week onwards our armed officers will be more visible at key sites across the three counties, carrying out proactive patrols and talking to the public.
“I'd like to reassure the public that this move is not being taken because of any intelligence about any current threats, and if anyone does have any concerns please do speak to one of our officers while they're out and about.”
The Action Counters Terrorism campaign is run by the National Counterterrorism Police and encourages people to be alert and report any suspicious activity.
Demi Lovato inspired Lili Reinhart to talk about mental health.
The 'Riverdale' star credits the 'Cool for the Summer' hitmaker for encouraging her to talk about her own experiences with depression and anxiety.
She told Ocean Drive magazine: "I didn't have someone who was talking about it," Lili shared. "I remember being in middle and high school and hearing Demi Lovato speak up about her mental illness and that was comforting.
"But I wanted more people to stand up. I needed more people to relate to. I was like, all these people can't be so happy, can they? It was kind of like this unrealistic picture that was painted in front of me of all these happy, happy people, successful people, beautiful people."
Meanwhile, Lili previously admitted she was suffering "the worst depression" before being cast in 'Riverdale'.
She said: "I cried tears of joy. In that moment I became a working actress with a steady job. Something I had been working towards for 7 years ... And now here we are, gearing up to film season 2. And I could not be more grateful.
"'Riverdale' came into my life when I was going through the worst depression I had ever experienced. And in the end it completely saved me ... Since it's mental health awareness month, I figured it would be good to share that. I worked my ass off to make a living out of what I love. And when I'm feeling depressed or sad, I remind myself how far I've come. And how I didn't let my depression consume me.
"To anyone out there who feels depressed or hopeless... do not f***ing give up on yourself. You're all you've got. And you deserve the world. Your mental health should be your priority. Don't forget that. This is your life.. and you've only got one. So don't waste it by being sad. You will get through whatever you're going through now. And you'll be so much stronger at the end of it. You're stronger than you know. (sic)"
New York
The United States is no longer considered a “full democracy” as a result of deteriorating freedoms and declining trust in public US institutions, according to an annual report by a British research firm.
The US retained its position as a “flawed democracy” for the second consecutive year, due to “a further erosion of trust in government and elected officials,” the Economist Intelligence Unit said in a report.
The report's annual Democracy Index showed the US ranking 21st in 2017, the same as the previous year and tying with Italy.
The group had demoted the US in 2016 from a “full” to “flawed” democracy, citing a “serious decline” in public trust in American institutions.
In 2017, the United States didn't fare any better, retaining its same rank and score.
The index is based on five categories: electoral process and pluralism, civil liberties, the functioning of government, political participation, and political culture.
The report's authors noted that years of declining trust in public US institutions began well before President Donald Trump took power, but the decline has intensified under Trump's administration.
Trump has further polarized an already divided country and Americans remain far apart on issues such as immigration and economic and environmental policy, the report said.
“If Mr. Trump is unable to reverse the trend towards increasing social polarization, US democracy will be at greater risk of further deterioration,” the report said.
Trump was able to tap into the disempowerment felt by American voters, who are frustrated with US political and economic stagnation, the study found.
“The growing divisions between (and within) those who identify as Republicans and Democrats help to explain in part why the Trump administration is finding it so hard to govern, despite controlling both houses of Congress,” they write.
The report also found that democratic norms are being eroded around the world. Symptoms include curbs on freedom of speech, declining trust in institutions, a drop in popularity of mainstream political parties and erosion of civil liberties.—Agencies
World Champion, Lewis Hamilton, takes on our fiendish quiz which has only one rule - You Have To Answer! (1:48)
Christian Horner says only a shock Lewis Hamilton retirement would stop Daniel Ricciardo signing a contract extension with Red Bull now.
Ricciardo's future has been the subject of much speculation this season, the final year of his existing contract. The Australian was strongly linked with Mercedes and Ferrari and made no secret of his desire to one day drive alongside Hamilton, but he appears set to stay with the Red Bull team he's driven for since 2014.
"We're moving very much in the right direction," Red Bull boss Horner said when asked about the contract negotiations. "We've now got to the point where there is a desire from both sides to continue the relationship, so it's just a matter of now really going through the detail and coming to a conclusion which will certainly be done prior to the summer break."
Ricciardo's chances of moving away from Red Bull appeared to be linked to the status of the grid's two Finns, Mercedes' Valtteri Bottas and Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen. Both are also out of contract at the end of 2018 and seemed to be the most likely candidates to be replaced by Ricciardo.
However, Mercedes appears to be happy to retain Bottas beyond 2018, while Ferrari is likely to turn to its exciting junior prospect Charles Leclerc, who has impressed so far in his rookie campaign at Sauber, if it decides against retaining Raikkonen.
"I think that had Mercedes put a serious offer on the table, or an offer on the table, he would have been potentially interested," Horner added. "He's 29 years of age now, obviously his focus is on... he's in the halcyon years of his career and he's impatient to try and challenge for a world title.
Red Bull boss Christian Horner is confident Daniel Ricciardo will stay at the team beyond 2018. Lars Baron/Getty Images
"So I think he would have had his head turned in the event of a Mercedes or a Ferrari offer but I think those two teams look pretty set where they are. So Red Bull he's grown up with, he's taken his time to look around, and he suits the brand extremely well. As a brand ambassador he's a hugely popular driver, he's very popular within the team and he's got a very good technical understanding and sensitivity within the car."
Horner believes the recent confirmation of Red Bull's new deal with Honda, which will start in 2019, has also helped convince Ricciardo to stay.
"I think obviously one of the things he was waiting to understand was where we were going with engines as well. I think he's seen and understood the decision-making behind the route that we've gone.
"So as I say, hopefully the rest of it becomes a formality, unless Lewis announces his retirement at the British Grand Prix this weekend."
Hamilton is also out of contract, but has been in negotiations with Mercedes for most of the year. A new deal is expected to be confirmed in the coming weeks.
A full third of Republicans disapprove of President Trump's performance in office, a poll released Friday by The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research found. Sixty-seven percent of Republicans still approve of Trump's performance, though that is a marked decrease from when the poll was taken in March, when 80 percent of Republicans supported the president's performance.
Predictably, Trump's approval rating among other demographics was even lower: Just 28 percent of independents and 5 percent of Democrats said they approved of his work in office. Overall, just 32 percent of Americans approved of Trump's efforts, while 67 percent disapproved. Legislators fared even worse, however, as just 18 percent of Americans approved of Congress' efforts.
Overall, just 24 percent of Americans feel the country is heading "in the right direction" under Trump, the poll found — a 10-percent decrease since the poll was last taken in June. In March, the poll found 37 percent of people felt the country was progressing positively.
The poll surveyed 1,150 adults nationwide online and over the phone from Sept. 28-Oct. 2. It has a margin of error of 4.1 percentage points. Read the full topline results here. Kimberly Alters
Is The Deep State About To Activate The Sleep Cells? Video – X22 Report
The FISA memo was released the corporate media is using propaganda to say It's nothing, but the memo shows the dossier was used as the basis for the warrants to spy on Trump, if the dossier is fake then the warrants are null and void and the Mueller investigation goes down the drain. Judicial Watch reports that the Obama administration was pushing their own dossier on Trump.
The 2018 Olympics are coming up and the US and South Korea are not having drills but NK reports that there are a lot of ships around the Korean peninsula. The US is not in talks with Turkey about Manbij and Mattis reports that there is no evidence that Assad is creating or using Sarin gas. The corporate media is still pushing the same propaganda. Since the system is breaking down, the memo was released will the deep state activate their sleeper cells for the next event. They know more information is headed their way so most likely we should expect a false flag.
Video Source
Sharing is caring!
It could be your lucky day!
Whether you're locked into a contract or don't have the cash to pick up a Samsung Galaxy S8 from Sprint, we have you covered. We have both an Arctic Silver and Midnight Black version to give away, and entering couldn't be easier. Simple tasks like following Thrifter on Twitter or Instagram could be all it takes for you to win one of these.
These phones are locked to Sprint. The contest will run through February 11.
Fill up those stockings.
Amazon has a huge selection of potential stocking stuffers on sale. All of these items are $10 or less and come with free shipping for all.
Here are a few of the ones we liked:
Remember the closer it gets to Christmas, the less likely Amazon will be able to guarantee your presents arrive on time. Order soon before you lose your chance.
See on Amazon
David Alan Coe has included a stop in Connecticut on his current tour.
The singer-songwriter will perform at the Stafford Palace Theater in Stafford Springs on July 13 at 8 p.m.
Tickets for the show are available through the venue website thestaffordpalacetheater.com.
David Alan Coe is a 70s and 80s hit-maker known for songs like "Would You Lay With Me (In A Field of Stone)," and "Take This Job and Shove It," both of which were Number One hits. He has worked with everyone from Pantera to Kid Rock.
Kevin Plank, the founder and chief executive of Under Armour, is the latest high profile leader of a major American company to leave President Donald Trump's American Manufacturing Council.
In a statement tweeted out late on Monday, Plank wrote in his statement, “Under Armour engages in innovation and sports, not politics.”
Plank's full statement is below. In it, he tweets “I love our country & company. I am stepping down from the council to focus on inspiring & uniting through power of sport.”
I love our country & company. I am stepping down from the council to focus on inspiring & uniting through power of sport. – CEO Kevin Plank pic.twitter.com/8YvndJMjj1 — Under Armour (@UnderArmour) August 15, 2017
He joins Merck Pharma's chief executive Kenneth Frazier, who announced his departure from the President's council in a statement earlier today.
Both departures come as a rebuke to what many have called the President's inadequate response to the violence over the weekend. One person, Heather Heyer, was killed on Saturday and another 19 people were injured during a counterprotest against a rally by neo-Nazis and members of the Ku Klux Klan and its various splinter groups in Charlottesville, Va.
Saturday's violence was sparked by the planned nazi rally to protest the removal of a statue of confederate general Robert E. Lee from a park near the city's downtown.
There's been response yet from the President to the latest departure. When Frazier announced his withdrawal, the President immediately responded on his social network of choice.
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
While Plank and Frazier are gone, several executives still remain involved with the Council, they include Andy Liveris from Dow Chemical, Michael Dell of Dell Technologies, Jeff Immelt of General Electric, Denise Morrison of Campbell's Soup Co., and Denis Muilenberg of Boeing.
An earlier decision from the President to reject the Paris Accords and its global compact to address climate change prompted the departure of tech's favorite chief executive, Elon Musk.
At the time Musk tweeted, “Am I departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.”
Featured Image: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
The saga between Benchmark Capital and former Uber CEO Travis Kalanick continues. Following last week's lawsuit revelation, Benchmark penned a public letter to Uber employees, explaining why they're taking legal action against their fellow board member.
Benchmark doubled down on its decision, saying that not only should they sue, but “perhaps the better question is why didn't we act sooner.” They said that when the CEO search began over 50 days ago, Kalanick agreed in writing to “modify the company's voting agreement to ensure that the board was composed of independent, diverse, and well qualified directors.” Benchmark is alleging that Kalanick has not followed through on this agreement and that he was warned over a month ago that he would be subject to potential litigation.
The lawsuit and Kalanick's resignation has been controversial in Silicon Valley. The former Uber CEO resigned in June amid board pressure, following months of turmoil at the most valuable startup. Allegations of sexual harassment, discrimination, and law-breaking led to a company investigation by former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder.
Benchmark claims it was necessary for Kalanick to step down. “We acted out of a deep conviction that it would be better for Uber, its employees, and investors to have a fresh start. We believed then, as we believe now, that failing to act would have meant endorsing behavior that was utterly unacceptable in any company, let alone a company of Uber's size and importance.”
But not all of Uber's investors are in agreement that Kalanick should be sued and pushed off the board. Sherpa Capital, founded by Shervin Pishevar, has come out against Benchmark, demanding that they should be the ones to leave the board and should also sell most of their shares.
There have been several other proposed scenarios. First reported by the New York Times, we've confirmed that Dragoneer Investment Group has discussed buying some of Uber's shares at a discount and also buying some at the $68.5 billion valuation to keep it the same. No formal offer has been made.
There have also been various reports about SoftBank and the possibility of the Japanese investment firm buying up shares.
Benchmark and Uber have been contacted for comment.
Featured Image: Krisztian Bocsi/Bloomberg via Getty Images
YERUSHALAYIM -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 4:31 am |
Palestinian protesters clash with Israeli troops near an Israeli checkpoint in Ramallah on Dec. 9. (Flash90)
Police on Monday arrested three Arabs for participating in riots over the weekend in Wadi Ara, in northern Israel. The Arabs, two of whom were age 20 and one age 30, were charged with disorderly conduct, refusing to obey police orders, and incitement. The three were arraigned in a Hadera court Monday, where police plan to ask for an extension of their remand.
Arabs in Wadi Ara, like in many parts of the country, rioted over the recognition last week of Yerushalayim as the capital of Israel by the U.S., as announced by President Donald Trump. Arabs blocked Road 65, a main thoroughfare through Wadi Ara, throwing blocks and rocks at Israeli vehicles. In one incident, a mob of Arabs threw rocks at an Israeli bus, injuring the driver and two passengers.
Arabs early Monday fired at an Israeli bus on Road 60 near the village of Ein Yabrud, outside Ramallah. No one was injured in the incident. IDF soldiers began a search for the terrorist shooters, and discovered several bullet casings that will be used to trace the weapons used in the attack.
Overnight Sunday, security officials said they arrested 15 wanted security suspects in other areas in Yehudah and Shomron. The suspects were wanted for participating in rioting and throwing stones and firebombs that endangered Israeli civilians and IDF soldiers. Several of the suspects were also charged with belonging to Hamas. All were being questioned on their activities by security forces.
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Ducati can fight for the MotoGP title with both riders this year, works team manager Davide Tardozzi has said after Spaniard Jorge Lorenzo set the pace at the first pre-season test in Malaysia.
Italian Andrea Dovizioso was overall runner-up for Ducati last season but Lorenzo, a triple world champion, struggled and was only seventh in his first year with the team after nine seasons at Yamaha.
Lorenzo showed this week that he was back on form, however, by clocking the fastest ever lap on two wheels around Malaysia's Sepang track to end the three-day test with the top time.
“We're happy with things in our garage. I think we can be competitive for the championship this year, with both riders,” Tardozzi told the official motogp.com website on Friday.
“Both our (factory) riders and (Danilo) Petrucci (on a non-works Ducati) have had very positive comments. They really appreciate the power delivery and the new engine,” added the Italian.
“We tried to make the engine smoother and less aggressive, this is something the riders requested. During the winter we worked on that and it looks like we got the results.”
Lorenzo, who won all his MotoGP titles with Yamaha, said after the test ended on Tuesday that there was still plenty of room for improvement.
”I think we still have quite a big margin to arrive to our maximum potential,“ said the Mallorcan. ”This is a good sign because we finished first today and we still have some margin.
“This bike gives more confidence and it is more to my riding(style),” he added.
Dovizioso, who won in Malaysia last year, was fourth fastest over the three days with Honda's four times world champion Marc Marquez only eighth.
The next test starts in Thailand on Feb. 16. (Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Toby Davis)
The new season of "Produce 101," Mnet's idol survival show, debuted on the top of a TV popularity index, while most prime time dramas on weekdays took a back seat, data showed Tuesday.
(Yonhap)
The second season of "Produce 101" scored 265.7 points on the Content Power Index (CPI), becoming the most popular TV program from April 3-9.CPI, developed by entertainment company CJ E&M and Nielsen Korea, measures the popularity of TV shows based on the number of views of related news stories, online search tallies and buzz on social media.In the survival audition show launched in 2016, a group of viewers called "public producers" choose by popular vote the members of a new project idol group from a pool of 101 trainees from various entertainment companies as well as the group's roster, concept and debut song.Season one of the program featured a pool of female singers and culminated in the formation of the 11-member project girl group I.O.I. It became a much-hyped show. The newest season feature only male trainees.tvN's popular Saturday evening reality show "Youn's Restaurant" rose a notch from last week to second place with 242.9 points, and "Chicago Typewriter," a time-slip drama on the same network, debuted third on the chart with 235.6 points.MBC TV's "I Live Alone" finished at fourth place, making a huge 12-step jump, trailed by SBS TV's "Mom's Diary - My Ugly Duckling," which made a remarkable 23-step climb to the fifth spot.Weekday TV dramas, though, took a back seat. KBS 2TV's "Queen of Mystery," starring Kwon Sang-woo and Choi Kang-hee, entered the chart at seventh place and was followed by "Rebel: Thief Who Stole the People" and "Ms. Perfect," which finished eighth and ninth, respectively. (Yonhap)
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Earlier in the session, European and Asian equities also edged higher. The Euro Stoxx was up 1.25 per cent at 3,311.80. The German DAX was up 1 per cent at 11,798.74. The FTSE 100 index was 0.49 per cent higher at 7,294.04. The MSCI emerging market index was up 0.56 per cent at 935.66.
On Wednesday, President Donald Trump has a high-profile meeting with a world famous Kim, but not the one you might be thinking about ― that's right, it's reality TV star Kim Kardashian. And it comes as no surprise that Twitter roasted Trump's meeting with Kardashian, noting (among other things) that the commander-in-chief might have wished he were meeting with a foreign head of state instead.
For months, you might remember, Trump and his administration had touted a possible meeting with Kim Jong-un, the leader of North Korea, as part of a diplomatic process aimed at denuclearizing the country and reducing the risk of war on the Korean peninsula. Those plans apparently fell through last week, however, as Trump announced the summit had been cancelled, dealing a decisive blow to his self-proclaimed Nobel Peace Prize chances. This week, Trump has reportedly renewed his effort to arrange a meeting.
Now, though, he'll be meeting face-to-face with, well a Kim, although not the one he'd initially hoped. Kardashian, 37, is paying a visit to the White House in the hopes of swaying Trump's attitudes relating to the prison system and incarceration, as well as towards his use of presidential pardons. Kardashian has been a vocal advocate for the release of Alice Johnson, a 62-year-old woman currently serving a life sentence on a first-time, non-violent drug conviction.
Here are some of the funniest and sharpest tweets going around about the Trump-Kardashian "summit" on Wednesday, which back during Trump's heyday as the host of The Apprentice would've probably been a major TV event.
I'll Win The Nobel, Easy On more than one occasion, Trump raised the possibility that he'd win the Nobel Peace Prize through negotiations with the North Korean leader.
Supreme Leader Kim Kardashian The White House gift shop is still selling those coins commemorating the summit between Trump and Kim, even though it's totally unclear it'll ever happen. It might make more sense for them to pivot to these Trump/Kardashian coins, but as of yet it hasn't happened.
We Live In A World It's being reported that Trump is still pushing for a meeting with Kim Jong-un, although whether or not it will happen seems entirely up in the air. The summit was originally slated for June 12.
Got His Kims Mixed Up Kardashian's husband, Kanye West, made headlines last month when he spoke out as a supporter of Trump's. It wasn't the first time he'd said as much, however ― after the 2016 presidential election, he said he would've voted for Trump, if he'd chosen to vote.
I Get It Now It remains to be seen whether Kardashian's appeals on behalf of Johnson will be fruitful; the 62-year-old has already spent more than two decades behind bars.
Trump's Going To Ask Kardashian has defended her decision to meet with Trump, as well as her husband's pro-Trump views, accusing people of trying to "demonize" the star rapper for his political views.
The Only Logical Explanation It was very clear that the White House was very eager to arrange the proposed summit with the North Korean leader, as it provided frequent updates on the status of the negotiations for weeks. Such a meeting would have been (and still will be, if it ends up happening) unprecedented, representing the highest-level diplomatic negotiations between an American president and the Kim ruling family.
Theresa Rose, North Forty News
The League of Women Voters will be holding a Town Council Candidate Forum for the Town of Timnath.
The forum will be held at the Timnath Town Administration Building, 4800 Goodman Road on Monday, March 19th from 7 to 9:00 pm.
Six candidates will be running for two seats. The six candidates are:
Rick Collins – Consultant
Ken Foley – Retired Department of Defense Analyst
Lisa Laake – Health Education
Mike Morgan – Retired Fire Chief
Aaron Pearson – Residential Real Estate Agent
Todd Sharpe – Safety Coordinator
More information and candidate profiles can be found at this site: timnath.org/updates/town-council-candidate-forum-march-19th/ You will be directed to the site where you can obtain information about the individual candidates.
Come and be informed. Meet your candidates!
Feb 2 (Reuters) - CBIZ Inc:
* CBIZ ACQUIRES LAURUS TRANSACTION ADVISORS LLC
* CBIZ INC SAYS LAURUS TRANSACTION ADVISORS, L.L.C. WILL BE COMBINED WITH CBIZ‘S CURRENT TRANSACTION ADVISORY SERVICES GROUP Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Kevin Plank, the CEO of sportswear brand Under Armour, is resigning from President Donald Trump's manufacturing council in the wake of the furor over his initial response to the tragedy in Charlottesville.
His resignation came even after Trump made a statement on Monday explicitly calling out hate groups, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, and white supremacists, for their role in the unrest. One woman was killed when one of the demonstrators rammed a car into a group of counterprotesters.
Plank said on Twitter that he was resigning “to focus on inspiring and uniting through power of sport.”
I love our country & company. I am stepping down from the council to focus on inspiring & uniting through power of sport. – CEO Kevin Plank pic.twitter.com/8YvndJMjj1 — Under Armour (@UnderArmour) August 15, 2017
He is the second member to resign from the council in the aftermath of Trump's comments about Charlottesville. Earlier in the day, Kenneth Frazier, the CEO of Merck, said that he was stepping down in protest. Trump came under fire over the weekend for not specifically naming the white supremacist groups, and instead pinning the blame for violence and bigotry on “many sides.”
Plank said in a statement that “Under Armour engages in sports, not politics,” and he said he was “appreciative of the opportunity to have served, but have decided to step down from the council.”
Trump attacked Frazier on Twitter on Monday morning and later in the evening.
.@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher & higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back & LOWER PRICES! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
He also took aim at the media for its continued focus on his response to the Charlottesville tragedy, calling them “truly bad people.”
(The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
* China's steel exports: tmsnrt.rs/2Er6KRf
* China steel and real estate: tmsnrt.rs/2EwBznC
By Andy Home
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Global production of crude steel rose by 5.3 percent last year, according to the World Steel Association (WSA).
As remarkable as the pace of growth was the geographical spread.
Only two of the world's top 20 steel-producing countries saw output contract last year.
The decline registered by Japan, the world's second-largest producer, was a statistically marginal 0.1 percent, while the 6.4 percent drop in Ukraine's output is only an estimate from the WSA, pending harder figures from the country.
Output everywhere else was up year-on-year, led by stellar increases of 13.1 percent in Turkey, the world's eighth-largest producer, and of 9.9 percent in Brazil, the ninth largest.
Climbing output is being complemented by rising earnings. ArcelorMittal, the world's largest steel producer, has reported a rise in its core 2017 profit of more than a third and a resumption of dividend payments after a two-year gap.
“Market conditions are favourable,” the company said, adding that “the demand environment remains positive ... and steel spreads remain healthy.”
This collective steel sweet spot mirrors that in the global manufacturing economy, with purchasing managers indices running strong and analysts expecting more of the same for 2018.
It is also, however, a result of a sharp fall in exports from China, the world's largest producer.
How long such export restraint lasts is the “known known” threat for the rest of the world's steel industry.
The “known unknown” threat is sitting on U.S. President Donald Trump's desk in the shape of the “Section 232” report on whether imports of steel threaten the United States' national security.
Graphic on China's steel product exports:
tmsnrt.rs/2Er6KRf
CHINA - NEW DYNAMICS
China's outbound shipments of steel products fell to 75.4 million tonnes last year from 108.5 million in 2016.
The year-on-year difference is equivalent to the national production of Turkey.
It's this sharp drop in export volumes that has accentuated the positive effects of global manufacturing growth for steelmakers such as ArcelorMittal.
The step-change in China's export profile might seem surprising given WSA figures show the country produced 5.7 percent more steel last year and lifted its share of world output to 49.2 percent in 2017 from 49.0 percent in 2016
The headline count, however, may flatter to deceive.
Not only are the official figures subject to major historical revisions, but they are only the “official” figures.
China has forced the closure of a swathe of smaller steel induction furnaces over the last two years. Most of them were non-permissioned “illegal” operators and as such their collective production, while significant, was never included in the country's output figures.
Statistically speaking, we don't know how much China ever really produced, only what its official sector produced.
That official sector is now booming as it plugs gaps in the supply chain resulting from the removal of illegal production.
True, there was a noticeable slowdown in run-rates in the tail end of 2017 as the winter heating restrictions on heavy industry around Beijing kicked in mid-November.
Annualised production slid from 874 million tonnes in September to 789 million tonnes in December. The year-on-year growth rate was just 1.8 percent in that month.
Beijing's war on smog injects a whole new level of uncertainty into China's shifting steel dynamics, disrupting both production and consumption norms.
But the key takeaways are that steel output has been undeniably strong, although just how strong is still open to statistical debate, and steel exports have still dropped.
Why?
Because China's own demand has been so robust.
Graphic on steel production vs real estate investment:
tmsnrt.rs/2EwBznC
CHINA - THE “KNOWN KNOWN”
Mirroring the situation in the rest of the world, Chinese steel producers have been enjoying their own sweet spot.
The closure of massive amounts of capacity, both official and unofficial, has coincided with resurgent demand.
The steel sector has been riding the latest construction and infrastructure boom unleashed by Beijing at the start of 2016 to revitalise a flagging economic growth rate.
The promised switch from the old grey industrial growth path to something shinier and more consumerist has been quietly deferred until a future date.
The scale and duration of the 2016 stimulus has surprised just about everyone. Most metals analysts would have cited Chinese construction-fatigue as their key downside price risk for 2017 but it never came to pass.
Indeed, with stocks of steel products low and the spring construction season looming, it may be deferred a bit longer.
But the underlying fade is there to see in the slowdown in real estate investment growth. It was just 3.1 percent in December, compared with 7.1 percent in January.
A cooling in such a key driver of China's steel sector will sooner or later have consequences for either production or exports or quite possibly both.
It is, however, expected.
THE “KNOWN UNKNOWN”
Far less predictable is how the U.S. President will respond to the findings of the “Section 232” report on the country's steel import dependency.
The probe has been kept under tight wraps, leaving everyone guessing what products and which supplier countries might be hit.
China is undoubtedly target number one, ironically given last year's steel decline in exports.
But the country risks paying the price for past excess, when its exports of surplus steel washed through the rest of the world, leaving a trail of margin compression and destruction.
The big question is how many others might be caught in any steel sanctions.
U.S. steel producers have been pushing their case for a response “that is comprehensive and broad based, covering all major sources of steel imports and the full range of steel products, with only limited exceptions for products not currently available in the United States.”
If President Trump agrees, the disruptive effect on global flows of steel could be massive, even before any trade backlash from other countries.
He has 90 days to decide effective Jan. 11.
The clock is ticking.
Non-U.S. steel producers may want to enjoy the current sweet spot while it lasts.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Five-Star Hotel sees five celebs trying to get the rating of their hotel on a Greek island up to five stars, obviously.
For once it's the pampered famous ones' turn to serve as members of the public are waited on hand and foot.
Charlotte is taking part in the show alongside MIC's Spencer Matthews , Geordie Shore's Holly Hagan, and former TOWIE stars Lydia Bright and Joey Essex.
She is replacing Ex on the Beach hunk Ashley Cain, who got kicked off for his low scoring in guest ratings, although his scoring skills with the ladies couldn't be faulted.
This isn't Charlotte's first foray into reality TV though - she's done plenty before.
Here's what we know about Charlotte.
Who was Charlotte's famous dad?
Charlotte was only eight months old when in 1993, her dad, legendary comedian Les Dawson, died of a heart attack aged 62.
Her mum Tracy, who was younger than Les, brought her up on her own after that.
She is keen to keep her father's memory alive and had a tattoo of him on her neck on Just Tattoo of Us, which her friend chose for her. She also decided to go into the entertainment industry to keep his legacy alive.
(Image: MTV)
In 2013, Charlotte featured in An Audience with Les Dawson – a show that was meant to be aired in 1993, but Les died two weeks before filming. A 3D hologram of him was beamed onto the stage, meaning the audience could once more be entertained by the gurning star.
What shows has Charlotte been in
(Image: Mark AllanÂ© (Channel 4 images must not be altered or manipulated in any way) CHANNEL 4 PICTURE PUBLICITY 124 HORSEFERRY ROAD L)
In 2016 she appeared in MTV's Ex on the Beach where she had a threesome with Gary Beadle and Olivia Walsh.
They were seen romping under the covers, which didn't go down too well with Gaz's girlfriend at the time, Charlotte Crosby.
In 2017 Charlotte looked for love on Celebs Go Dating where she all but ate alive most of her dates, before settling on fellow star Frankie Cocozza. Their fling fizzled out shortly after the show though.
In the same year she agreed to go on Just Tattoo of Us and let Ex on Beach pal Katie Salmon design an inking for her, which she ended up loving.
It was a gurning likeness of her dad that is now on the back of her neck.
Is Charlotte single?
(Image: Channel 4)
She briefly dated Frankie Cocozza after Celebs Go Dating and before that had a relationship with rugby player Matt Sarsfield, which ended in February 2017.
She said her “heart had been ripped out” when they split. But they got back together in December 2017 when they were seen out together shopping.
Charlotte has also shared an instagram picture of them both with the message “Finders keepers!” and various others since.
What else does Charlotte do when she's not on telly?
(Image: Instagram)
As well as modelling, Charlotte is a keen actress and makeup artist. She has a studio in Lytham St Annes for make overs and shoots and weddings.
Five-Star Hotel is on week nights on E4 at 10pm.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester City's derby day win at Old Trafford was a triumph for everyone at the club - but Pep Guardiola's smile was wider than most on Sunday evening.
The Spaniard provided a tactical masterclass as City won 2-1 at the home of their fiercest rivals.
While the scoreline was close, in truth City dominated for the vast majority of proceedings at the Theatre of Dreams and were fully worth their 14th successive Premier League victory.
Our man David McDonnell was at Old Trafford, and here are five things Pep got right during the game...
1. Brought Gundogan on and moved Fernandinho to defence
(Image: Getty Images)
Vincent Kompany felt something and was unable to play the second-half.
Instead of bringing on a like for like in Eliaquim Mangala, Guardiola switched Fernandinho to central defence and brought on Ilkay Gundogan in his place in midfield, ensuring City kept possession and the ball moving forward in a key area.
2. Not playing with a recognised striker
(Image: John Peters)
Even though Gabriel Jesus got the nod ahead of Sergio Aguero, he didn't operate as an orthodox striker. Jesus was drifted out wide on the left, with Leroy Sané switching to the right and Raheem Sterling operating as a false nine.
The upshot was it gave United's defence no-one tangible to mark and allowed City to constantly tease and probe them.
3. Sticking to his famed passing philosophy
(Image: Getty)
The game was less than 10 minutes old when Guardiola berated skipper Kompany for hoofing an aimless ball forward, a speculative punt which came to nothing, the City boss gesturing manically from the touchline to keep the ball on the ground, something the Blues did throughout, passing their way through United with ease and cutting through them time and again.
4. Giving Jesus the nod over Aguero
(Image: Getty Images)
Sergio Aguero has not been at his sharpest in recent weeks, but has an impressive record when it comes to Manchester derbies, scoring eight goals in 11 games against United.
But Guardiola recognised Jesus would cause United more problems with his pace and clever movement, dovetailing well with Sane and Sterling, while Aguero didn't make it off the bench.
5. Bringing on Mangala to tighten things up
(Image: Getty Images)
Guardiola could never be accused of parking the bus like Mourinho, but he recognised when he needed to tighten things up and, with City leading 2-1, he brought on Mangala for Jesus just before the hour mark to do just that.
Bringing on Mangala, who made some key blocks in the final half-hour, gave City extra security and enabled them to see out the win.
The Uptown Local crew of Ben Magnabosco, Mel Hayes and owner Angela Kennard are getting ready to take part in Coffs Central's warehouse sale.
FANCY a $170 dress for just $30?
You don't have to scour the internet and pray it will fit - it's just one of the raft of bargains that will be on sale at Coffs Central's first ever Warehouse Sale on Saturday night.
Coffs Central Marketing and Event Co-ordinator Rikki Cetinich said the shopping centre's favourite stores are offering bargains of up to 80% off.
"We wanted to do something different and hold an event that brings new and existing customers to the centre; everyone loves a warehouse sale with a good bargain, and you'll even get a glass of champagne and canapes too,” she said.
Among the bargains will be men's, women's and children's clothing and some homewares.
The sale is being held in the "Food at the Terrace” space, which will be transformed into pop-up stores complete with on-site change-rooms.
"We have some of the major shops from the centre including Uptown Local, Seasons, Coopers, Lily & Sapphire, Urban Life and Sensara taking part with brands like Tigerlily, Stevie May, Shona Joy, Ping Pong, Billabong and Wish on sale,” Rikki said.
This is the first event of its kind and Rikki said she's hoping it won't be the last.
"If it works well then we'll look at doing it twice a year.”
Already 250 people have registered to attend the sale which will be held between 6 and 9pm on Saturday; registrations can be made by calling 5622 8900 or email customerservice@gowings.com.
Published:
Share This
A woman has been elected mayor of the Tunisian capital, Tunis, for the first time since the position was created over a century ago.Souad Abderrahim, 53, who works as a manager at a pharmaceutical firm, dedicated her victory to Tunisian women everywhere.
Dec 11 (Reuters) - Orbital Corporation Ltd:
* ‍SECURES LEASE OVER PURPOSE BUILT FACILITY IN HOOD RIVER, OREGON TO SUPPORT CO‘S UAV BUSINESS IN UNITES STATES​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LIVONIA (WWJ) — Ladywood High School in Livonia will be closing next year.
A letter sent to alumni today from the head of Ladywood says The Felician Sisters of North America made the decision to close at the end of this academic year, next June. The letter indicated that poor enrollment numbers is the leading reason for the closure.
“In November, Felician leadership evaluated whether Ladywood had a viable and sustainable future, particularly from an operational perspective,” the letter read. “Beginning with the early 2000s, enrollment has been on a downward trend with a 60 percent decline from 2005 to present day.
“Despite optimizing expenditures and significantly reducing the subsidy provided by the Felicians to Ladywood, we could not ignore the enrollment trend. Nor did we want to raise tuition to cost prohibitive levels to maintain our quality education with significantly fewer students, which made the decision unfortunate, but clear.”
CLOSING: Ladywood High School is set to close following the academic year, June 2018. Questions as to why remain. I'm LIVE after 4:30 @AfternoonsWWJ pic.twitter.com/9tutLlaOq7 — Jason Scott (@JasonScottWWJ) December 11, 2017
The letter also acknowledged that there had been rumors about a closure for years, but it wasn't until November that school officials made the decision.
“We recognize there have been rumors of our closing over the last few years,” the letter stated. “However, the decision to close the school did not happen until late November. As disappointed as we all are, we must look toward the future and support our young women during this unsettling transition, relying on the Holy Spirit's guidance and strength.”
Ladywood High School has been open since 1950, according to school officials.
The letter says there will be plans announced early next year about celebrating Ladywood's legacy.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A young boy with a rare skull problem that has left him with an abnormally shaped head has been given a huge confidence boost by winning a News Community Award.
Archie Outlaw, 7, was the joint recipient of the Most Courageous Child title at last year's awards, presented at Homerton College.
He has craniosynostosis, a condition which causes children to be born with abnormally-shaped skulls. For Archie, his condition was caused by a syndrome so rare that only 35 people in the world have it.
His irregular-shaped head has affected Archie's hearing and speech, although hearing aids have greatly helped his ability to communicate with his classmates at school.
Nominations for this year's News Community Awards, including the Most Courageous Child, are up and running now.
Archie's mum Kelly said: "Archie is doing brilliantly - he is such a superhero determined to show people that nothing will hold him back no matter what stands in his way.
"Winning the award is something he has never forgotten, nor have we - it means more than words can say. The award is on display in our home for all to see as we are so proud of it and Archie.
"After receiving his award he took it into school for a show-and-tell in school assembly. The award gave him the confidence to stand up in the hall in front of three school years, and the teachers, and explain why he got the award and the challenges he has overcome.
"He loves to show our visitors the award and photos from the night. The award has given Archie confidence he didn't have before as well as self pride. It has given him the strength to share his experiences and not hide away.
"We are forever grateful to all those who made this possible."
Do you know a child who has shown great bravery in difficult circumstances? Fill in the form at the bottom of this article and nominate them.
And there are eight other categories of award that are open for nominations too.
They are:
Carer of the Year - a tribute to someone looking after a relative, sick child, or a disabled person;
Young Achiever - a person under the age of 21 who has made an outstanding contribution to their community;
Lifetime Achievement - a special award honouring someone who has made a real difference to their community over many years;
Community Group - a project organising events, raising money, running clubs or doing other useful work;
Emergency Services - a member of the 999 services who has shown outstanding bravery, dedication or gone beyond their duty;
Health Worker of the Year - a star nurse, a doctor or voluntary worker;
Good Friend - a person with a heart of gold who puts the needs of others before themselves;
Unsung Hero - an inspirational individual who has gone that extra mile to help others in their community.
To nominate someone in any or all of the categories above, fill in the form below. If you want to put in more than one nomination, refresh this web page and submit another form.
Nominations are open until 5pm on Sunday August 20, 2017.
Two of Hong Kong's biggest stars will appear together for the first time in “Theory of Ambitions,” a big-budget action film from Mei Ah Entertainment Group.
Aaron Kwok (“Cold War”) and Tony Leung Chiu-wai (“The Grandmasters,” “In the Mood for Love”) will play the roles of two top cops in the $38 million production directed by Philip Yung (“Port of Call”). Set in the early 1960s Hong Kong and based on true stories, the film follows the rivalries of two ambitious Chinese cops who rose to the top of the ladder during colonial times.
Speaking at FilMart on Monday, Kwok said the film brought him and Leung together for the first time since the two had a brief encounter while they were working at TVB. Kwok said he was working on sit-com “Everybody's Somebody's Favourite” in 1988, and that Leung appeared as a guest star, in a single scene. Leung said he had no memory of that.
Kwok said the film will tell the stories of not only two of Hong Kong's most famous cops, but also recreate the settings of Hong Kong in the 1960s. Kwok and director Yung worked together on “Port of Call,” which earned Kwok his first Hong Kong Film Award as best actor.
Other titles in Mei Ah's line-up include $45 million action thriller “Europe Raiders,” a sequel to action series “Seoul Raiders” and “Tokyo Raiders” which also starred Leung, and romantic drama “Untitled” directed by Cheng Hsiao-tse (“Miao Miao”) and starring Chang Chen. The company is also investing in first-time directors with coming-of-age drama “New Turn” by Doris Wong and Michael Sit's “Keyboard Warriors”.
Leadership can be a learning experience. Teaching a subject can help you understand it better.
After Tuesday's practice, the final spring session open to the media, defensive end Trey Flowers stayed late. But unlike his usual solo post-practice workouts, Flowers had company: rookies Derek Rivers and Deatrich Wise.
He drilled away with the youngsters by helping them with their technique, which in turn helped him with his own.
“Anytime you're teaching technique, it makes you kind of focus in on it and emphasize your technique,” Flowers said. “So you may be working on teaching him about footwork and work with something, and it just makes you focus on it and pay attention to the details.”
Flowers has made a habit of staying on the field long after practice is over to continue honing his craft. On a few occasions, he's been at work roughly 30 minutes later than the final whistle, which is typically long after all the players have completed their interviews with the media.
Flowers had a breakout season after quietly riding the bench and dealing with injuries during his rookie year. In 2016, he came on late and recorded all seven of his sacks in the final nine games. He also recorded 2.5 sacks in Super Bowl LI. That production stemmed, in part, from Flowers' technique.
“His technique is the best — he's one of the best,” Rivers said Tuesday after organized team activities. “Just watching him on film, he's awesome. Awesome dude. Nice guy. Definitely someone I can go to to ask questions — Deatrich (Wise) and all the other rookies.”
What exactly is Flowers doing that's so outstanding?
“Just how precise his hands are,” Rivers said. “How his hands, how active they are in the pass-rush. How he gets his hips around. Just every little thing that helps him make plays.”
With Flowers entering his third season, he's facing heightened expectations. One might say he's even seasoned after he won a Super Bowl in his second year with the team and will be a starter on the defensive line.
“I wouldn't quite say seasoned — I'm still learning,” Flowers said. “But if the young guys ask me a question about something that I have a better understanding of and I can help them out, I'm there for them to help them out. But I wouldn't say seasoned. I've got a lot to learn.”
Flowers was a leader on his Arkansas team during his final years in college. He also has returned to the team to deliver an impassioned speech. With the Patriots, he's been much more soft-spoken in the locker room and to the media. The 23-year-old leaves the leadership to some of the veterans with longer Patriots and NFL tenures.
“A lot of guys can be a leader,” he said. “I'm just one of the guys that works hard, and if I can help out a little bit here and there, I can help out. But a lot of guys in that group are definitely leaders. I'm just one of the guys that maybe has been in the scheme a little bit longer. So if they have questions, they know I can help them out.”
Chinese Women Face Rampant Gender Discrimination From Employers, Report Says
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Schiefelbein/AP Mark Schiefelbein/AP
China's employers engage in blatant gender discrimination, often advertising jobs for "men only," while others hire women with physical attributes aimed at appealing to their male coworkers, according to a new study published this week by Human Rights Watch.
An analysis by HRW of more than 36,000 job postings over the past five years in China found rampant gender discrimination in employment in both the state and private sectors.
"Four decades of rapid economic growth in China have created unprecedented economic opportunities for women, but gender discrimination in employment remains widespread," the report, titled "Only Men Need Apply: Gender Discrimination in Job Advertisements in China," says.
Human Rights Watch YouTube
In 2018 civil service job postings, 19 percent specified "men only," "men preferred" or "suitable for men," while only a single listing was found specifying a preference for a woman.
"These job ads reflect traditional and deeply discriminatory views: that women are less physically, intellectually, and psychologically capable than men; that women are their families' primary sources of child care and thus unable to be fully committed to their jobs or will eventually leave full-time paid employment to have a family; and that accommodating maternity leave is unacceptably inconvenient or costly for the company or agency," the report says.
In one online job recruitment video for male technicians posted by Alibaba, China's largest internet company, the narrator says chosen candidates will work with a staff of beautiful women.
The narrator promises there are "goddesses" working at Alibaba who are "smart and competent at work and charming and alluring in life."
"They are independent but not proud, sensitive but not melodramatic. They want to be your coworkers. Do you want to be theirs?" the narrator says.
That is followed by shots of female employees of the company saying how much they love to work with tech guys. "The most important thing is that he treats me well and that he's handsome" a young, female Alibaba employee manages to explain while pole dancing.
Alibaba's recruitment social media site also posted a series of photos of several female employees, describing them as "late night benefits" of working for the company.
Other Chinese technology companies, such as Tencent and Baidu have also put out recruiting ads touting their female employees.
"I mean, as a woman, of course, I felt quite disgusted," says Maya Wang, Human Rights Watch's China senior researcher for Asia says.
"I think it tells you that the problem is fairly common and widespread and quite accepted as a practice that they didn't even think twice or didn't think it would create any pushback or uproar," she says.
Last year, Tencent apologized for footage of an annual company outing showing female staff kneeling, appearing to use their mouths to open water bottles tucked between the legs of their male coworkers.
Tencent and Baidu have both apologized in the wake of this latest report, and Alibaba defended itself, saying that nearly half its employees are women and that women occupy a third of its management positions.
However, Wang says until China's government starts cracking down on gender discrimination – something she says it does not do – this type of discrimination will continue.
According to the reports, "Some women in recent years have brought successful court challenges to gender discrimination in job ads, but the compensation the companies were ordered to pay was low: in three separate court cases, the victims were each awarded 2,000 yuan (US$300). For many firms, such modest fines are unlikely to serve as a deterrent."
Dorit Kemsley may be brand new to The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, but she's learning that you can quickly face some backlash by saying the wrong thing to the wrong person. Even though Dorit is a long-time friend of Lisa Vanderpump, she didn't get much support from Vanderpump fans during the first couple of episodes of the show. While Kemsley may brand herself on being a happy and easy-going mother of two, who can handle the crude British humor, she did show her conservative side when Erika Girardi showed up to a party without wearing underwear. And within hours, Dorit was criticized for being too conservative over Erika's decision. According to a new Bravo report, Dorit Kemsley is now changing her tune a bit after watching last week's episode of The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills. While the episode with the party aired, Kemsley kept tweeting that she didn't feel bad about the things she had said and done. In addition, she didn't apologize for her husband's comments that perhaps Girardi's body was available to the world, even though he knew that she was married. Erika Jayne Isn't Happy With Dorit Kemsley's Insinuations – https://t.co/BTR84bUiQb pic.twitter.com/noBlxACPC6 — Dawn Diaries (@TheDawnDiaries) December 31, 2016 When Erika was watching the episode, she decided to on Twitter and share her thoughts and maybe people thought that she had every right to be upset with Dorit Kemsley. On the show, Dorit wanted to mock Girardi even more because she thought it would be funny to continue the banter. And in her blog, she's not as conservative and critical. Instead, she reveals that she just wanted to make an awkward and embarrassing situation funny and light-hearted. “This week I clearly still had the white party “no panties” mishap on my mind, and so I wanted to ask the girls about it. It had taken me and PK by surprise when Erika announced this to the group last week, and I honestly think it's natural for anyone, man or woman, to look after someone says that outs loud to a group. I would have! Personally, I've always been very aware of my clothing and what's revealing or not. I take care not to reveal or let anything slip, but I'm not perfect and mishaps do happen. So, looking back, I'm sure it was an innocent mishap,” Dorit Kemsley revealed in her blog for The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, according to Bravo. Of course, Dorit was encouraged by both Lisa Rinna and Eileen Davidson to confront Erika about it, but it was clear that they wanted to be witness to the confrontation. When Kemsley went shopping with Kyle Richards and decided to buy Girardi a pair of panties, she looked skeptical. If Dorit Kemsley had known these ladies better, she would have picked up on all of the red flags that the ladies were sending her. But in her blog, Dorit doesn't really take responsibility for her actions. Dorit Kemsley: I Wanted to Have Some Fun to Lighten the Situation https://t.co/yOsWfVtXhN pic.twitter.com/k7U0u55dGV — Bravotv (@Bravotv) December 29, 2016 “I think Erika has a great sense of humor and she wasn't offended by the underwear gift. She was fun and accepted the gift and played along with the joke. But, I do see now how she felt it was out of line for me to talk with the group about it. Given how openly she had shared she was panty-less, I honestly didn't think she would care, but you live and learn,” Dorit Kemsley continues in her Bravo blog, sharing that she didn't think that Erika would be offended by the gift, hinting that their friendship may be strained going forward. What do you think of Dorit Kemsley's decision to buy Erika a pair of panties? Do you think should have thought about letting everything go, or do you think it's funny for her to bring it up again even though it was embarrassing for Girardi? [Featured Image by Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty Images for DailyMail.com]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
NATIONAL
Thae Yong-ho. Yonhap
Democratization in North Korea should be earned by North Koreans, just like the people in the South achieved economic development and democracy, said Thae Yong-ho, a high-profile North Korean defector, in his acceptance speech for a human rights award at the National Assembly on Monday.The KNA Human Rights Forum and Korean Parliamentary League on International Parliamentarians' Coalition for Asian Human Rights presented the Human Rights Activist award to Thae, the former deputy chief at the North Korean Embassy in London, in recognition of his works to report on the horrendous human rights conditions in North Korea.“What the Kim Jong-un regime is truly afraid of is the growing interest toward South Korean culture among its people, and how its public sentiment is changing to be more independent from its authorities,” he said, while explaining how the South's movies and drama series are popular among the people there.“It is time for the South Korean government to send TV set-top boxes to the North.”The former Pyongyang ambassador defected to South Korea last year with his wife and two sons and is now a consultant at the Institute for National Security Strategy in Seoul.Thae referred to the North Korean defector who ran across the demarcation line in the truce village of Panmunjeom last month, and said that the strong desire manifested by the soldier reflects on the similar strong will of the North Koreans for reunification.Giving the example of how Germany reunited with the hands of its own people breaking the Berlin Wall by themselves, he said the South Korean government should also persuade the neighboring country China to allow North Koreans to come freely to the South.“It would be like how Germany persuaded Hungary to open borders to Austria, and millions of North Koreans would cross the Amnokgang and Dumangang Rivers to the South and the Military Demarcation Line will soon collapse, within a couple of days,” he said.“When the minds meet with the South and the North for reunification in such ways, nothing can stop that movement -- and that is the kind of ‘peaceful' reunification we all wish.”Thae also pointed to how research on human rights of North Koreans is relatively behind that of policy research on reunification and called for more support on the topic.The head of the KNA Human Rights Forum, Rep. Hong Il-pyo, praised Thae's efforts to raise North Korea's human rights issue in the South.“The former deputy chief of the embassy has given courage and hope for South Korea to address the issue of human rights in the North, and that is a big change he brought to us,” the three-term lawmaker said. “We wish for Thae to continue his works to inform people here of the need to promote the human rights in the communist regime.”The Human Rights Forum at the National Assembly has given the annual award to an individual or group to acknowledge their efforts to promote human rights in society since 2005.By Jo He-rim (herim@heraldcorp.com)
RAWALPINDI, Aug 13 (APP): The Inter-Services Public
(ISPR) on Sunday released special ‘milli naghma' for the
Independence Day.
The Naghma ‘Ae Watan Tera Bhala Ho' depicts the
alertness of Pakistan's forces to safeguard country's
frontiers as well shows deep love of the people for
the motherland.
The following are the obituaries that were published in The Republican on Feb. 3-4, 2018.
To read each full obituary, click on the name.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Cnb Financial Corp:
* REPORTS YEAR END 2017 EARNINGS, HIGHLIGHTED BY RECORD EARNINGS AND STRONG ORGANIC LOAN GROWTH
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.23
* QTRLY NET INTEREST INCOME AFTER PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES $20.7 MILLION VERSUS $18.9 MLN‍​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. (AP) — Even if numbers occasionally lie, most of them indicate the New England Patriots are in great position to hoist a sixth Lombardi Trophy.
The reasons begin in the only place they could: with Tom Brady.
Yes, at 40 years old Brady would be the oldest quarterback to win a Super Bowl if the Patriots beat the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday. He would dethrone Peyton Manning, who won at age 39 with the Denver Broncos to cap the 2015 season.
Brady has put up numbers in his 18th season unmatched by any player in NFL history. He led the league with 4,577 yards passing during the regular season and his five touchdown passes are tied for the most in the playoffs.
Brady's seven Super Bowl appearances are as many as the entire Eagles roster. He's faced a myriad of difficult scenarios in the championship game, including last year's 25-point hole the Patriots dug out of to beat the Falcons.
Brady won that one without tight end Rob Gronkowski, who will be in uniform after being cleared late this week.
Close games have been no problem , for Brady and coach Bill Belichick either. The total difference in scoring in those seven games is 12 points: Patriots 169, opponents 157.
You want to talk about comebacks? No player in the Super Bowl era has more fourth-quarter comebacks in the playoffs in his career than Brady's eight. It's probably why Brady chuckled this week when he was again asked about how long he wanted to keep playing.
“Why does everyone want me to retire so bad?” Brady said. “I don't get it. I'm having fun. The team's doing good. I know I'm a little bit older than most of the guys, but I'm really enjoying it. … I'm not thinking about retirement. I'm thinking about the Super Bowl and trying to win the most important game of the year.”
As big as the Brady factor is, he's not the only advantage New England has.
The Patriots lost go-to receiver Julian Edelman in the preseason to a knee injury and linebacker Dont'a Hightower to a season-ending shoulder injury in October. After some early-season struggles, Belichick found a way to plug the holes, with contributions from several previously unheralded players like Trey Flowers, Kyle Van Noy, Lawrence Guy and Ricky Jean Francois .
New England has also gotten a strong season from receiver Brandin Cook after acquiring him from New Orleans this offseason. He posted his third straight 1,000-yard receiving season (1,082) and was second on the team in receiving yards behind only Gronkowski (1,084). Running back Dion Lewis has also found new life just two seasons removed from a knee injury. He led the team with 896 yards rushing and six rushing touchdowns.
It's underlined the football savvy of Belichick, who with a sixth Super Bowl victory would pass Vince Lombardi and tie George Halas and Curly Lambeau for most NFL championships by a coach.
Belichick will be taking part in his 11th Super Bowl as a head coach or assistant, the most among any coach in NFL history. That amounts to 21.2 percent of all Super Bowls in league history and 34.4 percent of all Super Bowls since his first appearance as the Giants defensive coordinator in 1986.
Though there have been reports of alleged friction this season between Belichick, Brady and team owner Robert Kraft, it's clear they are on the same page when it comes to the pursuit of championships.
“It changes every year. The venues are different, the teams are different, the matchups are different, and the road the team has traveled to get here is different, as is the road your opponent has traveled,” Belichick said. “Each one is unique. Each one's special.”
___
More AP NFL: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Kyle Hightower on Twitter a http://www.twitter.com/khightower
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady catches a ball during a practice Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018, in Minneapolis. The Patriots are scheduled to face the Philadelphia Eagles in the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game Sunday, Feb. 4. (AP Photo/Mark Humphrey) http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/02/web1_119784358-c33e1ac9660a47e0b1810b726763bddd.jpg New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady catches a ball during a practice Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018, in Minneapolis. The Patriots are scheduled to face the Philadelphia Eagles in the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game Sunday, Feb. 4. (AP Photo/Mark Humphrey) New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady throws during a practice Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018, in Minneapolis. The Patriots are scheduled to face the Philadelphia Eagles in the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game Sunday, Feb. 4. (AP Photo/Mark Humphrey) http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/02/web1_119784358-47548b453ebe4b909d38782ee059b272.jpg New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady throws during a practice Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018, in Minneapolis. The Patriots are scheduled to face the Philadelphia Eagles in the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game Sunday, Feb. 4. (AP Photo/Mark Humphrey) New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady answers questions during a news conference Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018, in Minneapolis. The Patriots are scheduled to face the Philadelphia Eagles in the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game Sunday, Feb. 4. (AP Photo/Mark Humphrey) http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/02/web1_119784358-2e249c9a55f04812ab4b5b0feb2d7b7f.jpg New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady answers questions during a news conference Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018, in Minneapolis. The Patriots are scheduled to face the Philadelphia Eagles in the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game Sunday, Feb. 4. (AP Photo/Mark Humphrey)
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady may have put a clearer end date on his career.
During an interview with his wife Gisele on episode five of “Tom vs. Time,” of which Patriots Wire got an advance screening on Friday, Brady opens negotiation with his wife, who clearly wants more of her husband's time than he's willing to give while he's playing quarterback in the NFL.
“Two more Super Bowls,” Brady told Gisele.
“I mean, he can have as many Super Bowls as he likes,” Gisele responded immediately to the camera.
Brady will play in Super Bowl LII on Sunday, which will be his eighth Super Bowl appearance.
The interview for “Tom vs. Time” took place in Costa Rica before the 2017 season began, which means Brady is entering his first of those two Super Bowls, for which he bargained. Of course, that's assuming he keeps his promise.
“He did tell me he was just going to play for 10 years. I just want to say that,” Gisele said, adding that she was rooting for him to be done after the 10th season. “Let's go. I'm ready. But then he was like, ‘Nah.' Yeah, he said that.”
She added: “Football, as far as I'm concerned is his first love. I think it's his main love.”
Brady chuckles in the video, but doesn't respond. The episode then cuts to another interview with Brady.
“Football is my first love,” Brady said. “I fell in love with the sport when I was 4-years-old when I was watching Joe Montana. And I was able to build a relationship with the game.”
The episode depicts some of that negotiation and navigation between Gisele and her husband. Brady said this week at a press conference he wants to play into his mid forties. He has previously said he wants to get to 45 years old and evaluate from there.
“It takes up a lot of my time,” Brady said sitting next Gisele in interview in Costa Rica in the docu-series. “But there will come a time when that ends.”
The interviewer pries: So when do you think that will end?
Brady then flicks off the camera in a playful manner with a big smile.
The fifth episode of the documentary series will air on Super Bowl Sunday.
Related Why the Patriots should be concerned about the Eagles
Monday Morning Uni Watch
Click to enlarge
The Jets can't seem to do anything right, a state of affairs that was nicely symbolized by wide receiver Charone Peake's laughably off-center nameplate in yesterday's game against the Bills. It almost looks like nameplate had once had a first initial that was later removed, although I'm not aware of anyone else named Peake having played for the Jets.
Peake is a rookie, so the photographic record on him is not particularly deep. I was able to find only one rear-view photo of him in a green jersey, from a preseason game back in August. His nameplate back then was fine:
There are several rear-view shots of him in a white jersey, none of which show anything amiss with his nameplate, so yesterday's glitch was apparently a one-time thing. Weird.
In other news from the final Sunday of the regular season:
• The Bengals went mono-black.
• The Titans went mono-blue.
• The Dolphins went mono-aqua — woof.
• The Bucs wore red-topped socks — except for kicker Roberto Aguayo, who wore black-topped socks (click to enlarge):
• At least one of the end zones in Tennessee looked a bit off. Anyone knows what that was about?
• Boys with toys: Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib tore the gold necklace off of Raiders wideout Michael Crabtree's neck.
Aqib Talib been listening to a lot of Run The Jewels this week https://t.co/1qoXUH6wVO — Barstool Sports (@barstooltweetss) January 1, 2017
• Vikings wide receiver Cordarelle Patterson wore socks featuring himself:
• At U.S. Bank Stadium in Minnesota, the Vikings/Bears game was briefly upstaged when protesters hung a banner urging stadium sponsor advertiser U.S. Bank to divest from the Dakota Access Pipeline (further details here). One of the protesters was wearing a Brett Favre Vikings jersey.
• Only one team wore white at home: the Rams.
• Here's a list of players who protested during the national anthem.
Sorry, didn't have time to compile postgame jersey swaps this time around. Enjoy the rest of your long New Year's weekend.
(My thanks to all contributors, including Chris Herman, Tony Shiffman, and our own Mike Chamerinik.)
• • • • •
Click to enlarge
Let's do it again in 2117: The NHL's Centennial was held yesterday. Uniform-wise, I thought it was largely a wash — both teams looked okay, but I thought both uni designs had major flaws (the Wings' unnecessary silver trim, that big honking “T” on the Leafs' pants, etc.). Also, many fans complained that the shade of blue used for Toronto's pants didn't match the blue used for the jersey and socks. Lots of additional photos — like, more than 500 of them — here.
Today: the Winter Classic — weather permitting.
• • • • •
Click to enlarge
Curling update: Another week, another win, as we scored five in the first end and then coasted to a 9-2 victory. This one didn't count in our league standings (a lot of people were out of town for the holidays, so this week's games didn't count), but we still played really well. In fact, this was probably the best I've ever curled — the rocks were doing pretty much everything I told them to do. Very satisfying!
• • • • •
The Ticker
By Paul
Baseball News : New 20th-season logo for the Fresno Grizzlies. … Here's a quiz on Cubs logos through the ages. “The playlist provides links to similar quizzes for the Yankees, Phillies, Angels, and Washington football,” says Dustin Semore. … Youngstown State used to have a vest with a penguin chest patch.
College Football News : The Tampa police force will have special badges for the College Football Playoff championship game. The badges include the CFP logo, which frankly seems pretty messed up to me. Police officers are public servants, and their uniforms should never include commercial logos or other forms of advertising (from James Gilbert).
Source: Inflation up | The Herald April 17, 2017
Business Reporter
The year-on-year inflation rate – annual percentage change – for the month of March 2017 as measured by the Items Consumer Price Index stood at 0,21 percent, gaining 0,15 percentage points on the February 2017 rate of 0,06 percent, according to the Zimbabwe National Statistics Agency.
This means that prices as measured by the Items CPI increased by an average of 0,21 percentage points between March 2016 and March 2017.
ZimStats said the year-on-year inflation rate is given by the percentage change in the index of the relevant month of the current year compared with the index of the same month in the previous year. The year-on-year food and non-alcoholic beverages inflation, which is prone to transitory shocks, stood at 1,21 percent whilst the non-food inflation rate was -0,25 percent.
The month-on-month inflation rate in March 2017 was 0,03 percent, shedding 0,58 percentage points on the February 2017 rate of 0,61 percent. This means that prices as measured by the Items CPI increased at an average rate of 0,03 percent from February 2017 to March 2017.
The month-on-month inflation rate is given by the percentage change in the index of the relevant month of the current year compared with the index of the previous month in the current year.
The month-on-month food and non- alcoholic beverages inflation rate stood at -0,21 percent in March 2017, shedding 1,78 percentage points on the February 2017 rate of 1,56 percent. The month-on- month non-food inflation rate stood at 0,15 percent, shedding 0,02 percentage points on the February 2017 rate of 0,17 percent.
Zimbabwe's annual inflation rate broke into positive territory for the first time in 29 months last month after gaining 0,71 percentage points on the January 2017 rate of -0,7 percent to 0,6 percent in February.
Zimbabwe first entered deflation in February 2014 when the annual rate of inflation shed 0,9 percentage points to 0,49 percent, as prices continued to fall in relation to a strong US dollar.
Since October 2014, the country's headline inflation has remained largely negative as the strong dollar and weak aggregate demand eliminated any latitude for traders to sustain price increases.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
More
Google
Reddit
BANDA ACEH, Indonesia (Reuters) - Indonesia's national police chief has ordered an investigation into the detention of 12 transgender women in the province of Aceh, officials said on Friday, after reports that they were stripped, beaten and forced to cut their hair before being released without charge.
Indonesia has the world's largest Muslim population but Aceh, on the northern tip of Sumatra, is the only province that enforces Islamic law and outlaws homosexuality.
Religious police and vigilantes in the ultra-conservative province often raid homes and places of work and detain people on suspicion of engaging in homosexual activity.
Police in North Aceh raided hair salons - where transgender people often work - last weekend and briefly detained 12 individuals. Rights activists and media reports said they were forced to cut their hair and were stripped and beaten.
“There were photos circulated that led us to suspect that there had been physical action taken against the suspects,” Misbahul Munauwar, a spokesman for Aceh police, said. “The national police chief has instructed us to investigate those photos and to determine if there was any...procedural or ethical violation.”
A national police spokesman confirmed that police chief Tito Karnavian had ordered the investigation.
Human Rights Watch and other rights groups welcomed the move, which comes amid a rising tide of hostility against the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender community.
Police in Aceh and elsewhere have stepped up raids on what they call “gay spas” and “gay sex parties” in recent months, detaining people on charges of violating strict anti-pornography laws.
Dozens of protesters on Friday staged an anti-LGBT rally outside a mosque in the provincial capital Banda Aceh.
“We don't hate gay, bisexual or transgender people. What we hate is their actions, and if we can prove their actions, they will be punished,” Aceh governor Irwandi Yusuf told the small crowd.
Last year, the provincial and central governments drew international condemnation after authorities in Aceh tried two young men on charges of engaging in gay sex and then publicly caned them - the first such case in the country.
Indonesia's parliament is also drafting revisions to the national criminal code that could ban all consensual sex outside marriage.
The parliamentary commission drawing up recommendations has still to finalise its proposals, but a draft seen by Reuters includes measures to criminalise extramarital sex, same-sex relations and co-habitation, all of which were previously unregulated.
ISLAMABAD, Jan 2 (APP): Minister for Interior and Narcotics Control Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan Monday said Gilgit-Baltistan (GB) Scouts should be trained on modern lines enabling them to meet the new challenges in view of China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC).
During a meeting with Director General Scouts Gilgit-Baltistan Brig. Ejaz-ur-Rehman who called on him here at Punjab House, the interior minister congratulated him for taking charge as DG Scouts.
Chaudhry Nisar appreciated the efforts of Gilgit Baltistan Scouts for maintaining law and order in GB and safeguarding the Northern borders.
He said the history of scouts force was full of sacrifices and patriotism.
A 20-year-old Rockingham man will face court today after leading police on a dangerous car chase yesterday.
Police say officers observed the man driving a Mitsubishi sedan at the intersection of Coronata Drive and Torbay Mews in Warnbro at 2.25pm on Tuesday.
The man allegedly sped away after police activated their emergency lights and sirens, leading officers on a chase through Warnbro, Port Kennedy and Waikiki.
Police say the man drove recklessly, causing other road users to swerve to avoid him as he crossed to the wrong side of the road at times.
The man is alleged to have abandoned the vehicle on Halyard Way in Waikiki and was arrested by police nearby.
He has been charged with reckless driving, failure to stop, having no authority to drive and endangering life and health.
The man was refused bail and will appear in Perth Magistrates Court later today.
Political Disagreements In Illinois Foil Budget Agreement
Audio will be available later today.
Illinois has gone 20 months without a budget and the state's finances and services are increasingly precarious. Gov. Bruce Rauner and his chief Democratic opponent show little sign of compromising.
Mike Greenberg weighs in on QB Andrew Luck still not throwing at Indianapolis' OTAs after being sidelined by a shoulder injury for the entire 2017 season. (1:23)
DUBLIN, Ohio -- Their injuries were different, but future Hall of Fame quarterback Peyton Manning knows all too well about the mental obstacle Andrew Luck will face from missing a full season.
All indications are Luck will be back with the Indianapolis Colts next season after missing all of 2017 with a right shoulder problem, which he originally injured in Week 3 of the 2015 season. Manning missed the 2011 season with a neck injury. That season was the final one of his 13-year career with the Colts.
"Everything is an individual thing, so you have to be careful speaking on it since injuries are different," Manning told ESPN after participating in Wednesday's Pro-Am at the Memorial in Ohio. "But it's also universal. For me, I was a [repetition] guy. I liked to get all the reps on practice. The theory of 10,000 reps, I believe in that. I felt like I was kind of behind because I hadn't gotten the reps even though you have a lot in the bank. It took me a few games before I felt like I was coming back. Getting as much reps as possible is key."
Andrew Luck has not played since the Colts' 2016 regular-season finale, in which he threw for over 300 yards and two touchdowns. Zach Bolinger/Icon Sportswire
The issue Luck currently faces is that he's taking part in the team's offseason workouts to only a certain extent. He currently can't get all those reps because he hasn't thrown a football since October 2017.
Colts coach Frank Reich said on May 23 that he anticipates Luck will start throwing during the time between the end of minicamp on June 14 and the start of training camp in late July. At that point, if things go as planned, Luck will increase his reps with his teammates so that they can potentially hit the ground running at the start of training camp. If he's ready to throw to teammates at that time, he'll have to do it away from the team's facility.
Luck, who has admitted he pressed too hard in an attempt to return last season, missed 26 games over the past three years, and he needs as much reps as possible with his skill position players because he's in the process of learning Reich's offense, which he brought with him from Philadelphia.
"For me, coming off missing the entire year with the neck, I knew I was going to have to play a different kind of way, a different sort of physical state," Manning said. "I was looking for things like positive feedback from receivers on whether the ball felt the same coming in and then when you get into the game and you throw a deep out. We played a preseason game and I threw a deep comeback route, and that was a thing to check off the box. You want to do everything for the first time again. You want to get hit, you want to make a tight throw, have a two-minute drive. I wanted to do all those things again."
Luck replaced Manning as the face of the Colts when the franchise made him the No. 1 overall pick in 2012. The two have remained friends over the years.
"I'm pulling for Andrew's return," Manning said. "I stay in touch with him. I came to the combine. He and I sat down for two to three hours and talked about in-season routine, offseason routine."
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Jimmy Kimmel returned to his eponymous show Monday night and brought along his infant son Billy, who had undergone heart surgery the week previous, causing the host to take time off.
Kimmel teared up as he reassured his audience that Billy was just fine, and took the opportunity to call out Congress for failing to renew CHIP, or the Children's Health Insurance Plan, which provides coverage to the kids of families who don't qualify for Medicaid, but do not receive health benefits through their employer.
“It almost certainly covers children you know,” Kimmel said. “About one in eight children are covered only by CHIP.”
According to Kimmel, the bill has historically been a nonpartisan issue, but Congress members have begun using it as a bargaining chip to attempt to pass their tax plan.
“Parents of children with cancer, diabetes, and heart problems, are about to get letters saying their coverage may be cut off next month. Merry Christmas, right?” Kimmel continued.
“Imagine getting that letter, literally not knowing how you'll be able to afford to save your child's life. This is not a hypothetical — about two million CHIP kids have serious chronic conditions. I don't know about you, I've had enough of this. I don't know what could be more disgusting than putting a tax cut that mostly goes to rich people ahead of the lives of children.”
Kimmel asked his viewers to call their Congressional representatives to ask them to take a break from tax negotiations to renew CHIP, and #FundCHIPNow appeared at the bottom of the screen.
He ended by again assuring everyone that Billy was fine, joking that his doctors say “he's probably on track to win at least a bronze medal in the Olympics in 2036.”
Watch the full segment above.
Trump's One Line About Education; A New Study On Sexual Assault On Campus
Enlarge this image Christopher Corr/Getty Images/Ikon Images Christopher Corr/Getty Images/Ikon Images
Welcome to our weekly education news roundup. This week we thought we'd devote some time to President Trump's State of the Union speech, which had very little education news to round up.
In fact, that word appeared only twice in the speech, both times in passing reference while he was talking about other topics.
What the president did have to say came about halfway through the speech, in this one line:
"Let us open great vocational schools so our future workers can learn a craft and realize their full potential."
There's not much to go on there in terms of how to do that or where the money would come from.
Nor did Education Secretary Betsy DeVos expand on that much in a follow-up press release: "America must do better to prepare our students for success in the 21st century economy," it said. "I join the President in calling on Congress to act in the best interest of students and expand access to more education pathways."
In the Democratic response to the address, Massachusetts Congressman Joe Kennedy also had very little to say about education, though he did deliver his rebuttal from a career tech high school in his home state. Kennedy mentioned the importance of "a good education that you can afford," though he, too, didn't really expand on that.
Kennedy also noted the issue of bullying of transgender students in schools, and vowed that Democrats would fight for their rights. (As NPR Ed's Anya Kamenetz noted, DeVos has rolled back Obama-era guidance to schools on safeguarding transgender rights.)
On Thursday, Trump returned to the subject of vocational education and elaborated on his earlier comments while speaking to Republicans at their annual policy retreat:
"When I was growing up we had vocational schools. And when I was going to school, I remember I was in high school, there were people in class, one person in particular, he wasn't, like, the greatest student. He just wasn't. And yet I saw him one day, and he was able to fix a car engine blindfolded. And everybody else was saying, 'That's amazing, how talented he is.' He had a different kind of talent. And we should have vocational schools. You learn mechanical, you learn bricklaying and carpentry and of of these things. We don't have that very much anymore. And I think the word 'vocational' is a much better word than in many cases a community college."
Well, the nation's largest not-for-profit dedicated to furthering what Trump referred to as vocational education, the Association for Career & Technical Education (ACTE), was not impressed with the President's remarks and issued a spirited rebuttal, including a line-by-line fact-check.
ACTE's critique began with the word itself, arguing that "vocational" is not better but "outdated." The preferred term, "career and technical education," encompasses "not just technical skills, but also rigorous academic curriculum and 21st century employability skills in a much broader range of career fields." That's why, ACTE points out, the term is now used in federal and state laws as well as by the U.S. Department of Education.
When it comes to the issue of preparing students for the workforce, there is some movement in Congress. Earlier this month, Senate committees held hearings on the reauthorization of the Higher Education Act. The legislation, now known as the PROSPER Act, includes a measure that would expand apprenticeships in colleges and universities.
At NPR Ed, we've written extensively on vocational education, or career technical education (CTE). Across the country, these programs are evolving. Students clearly benefit from learning "soft skills" that are important in the working world, and employers expect qualities like professionalism from their workers. But recent studies have shown that some programs providing job-specific career training don't always pay off down the road as technology evolves.
Experts say that before career tech programs can be successful, they need attention and funding.
Sexual assault: Services for disabled students come up short
The National Council on Disability released a report on Tuesday about sexual assault on college campuses. Among the findings? Students with disabilities are simply "not on the radar" of colleges when it comes to efforts at reducing sexual assault. Prevention programs and resources meant to aid victims often remain inaccessible to students with disabilities. These findings follow a 2015 report from the Association of American Universities, which concluded that almost one-third of female undergraduates with a disability reported "nonconsensual sexual contact involving physical force or incapacitation."
White supremacists increasingly targeting college campuses
Activity among white supremacist groups on college campuses has risen dramatically this school year, according to the Anti-Defamation League. The ADL cited hundreds of instances of these groups engaging in activities such as hanging flyers and posters on campus, interrupting classes and holding events and protests.
Racial disparities at flagship universities
Many public universities are enrolling low rates of black and Latino students, according to an analysis from the Hechinger Report, a nonprofit news organization. In Mississippi, black students make up 50 percent of public high school graduates, but only 10 percent of flagship university enrollment. In California, Hispanic students make up 50 percent of public high school graduates, but less than 15 percent of enrollment at those universities.
Tom Brady and the Pats head to Miami where they have struggled in the Tom Brady era. Tune in Monday at 8:30 PM ET on ESPN to see if the Patriots will move to 11-2. (0:37)
MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. -- The list of quarterbacks who have had success after their 40th birthday isn't a long one, with Tom Brady in the midst of a 2017 season that is setting a new standard.
In more ways than one, it's the same old Brady.
Brady's MVP-caliber year sparked a question to New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick recently about other productive seasons authored by 40-year-old quarterbacks, with names such as Brett Favre, Warren Moon and Vinny Testaverde mentioned as part of the query. Belichick highlighted Testaverde because of his firsthand experience coaching him at three different points of his career, the final time coming in 2006 with the Patriots when Testaverde was 43 and signed midseason as the No. 3 option.
“In the end, it comes down to this is a production business, so it doesn't matter whether you're 22, 32, 42," said Belichick, who has long held Testaverde in high regard, citing his uncommon athleticism even at the latter stages of his career. "If you're not productive, you're probably not long for the league. If you're productive, there's a place.”
Brady's productivity in 2017 has been off the charts.
Tom Brady is on the verge of breaking Warren Moon's record for most passing yards in a season by a quarterback after turning 40. Brett Carlsen/Getty Images
Entering Week 14, which concludes with Monday Night Football with Brady and the Patriots at the Miami Dolphins (ESPN, 8:30 p.m. ET), Brady's 3,632 passing yards led the NFL, and he should pass Moon (3,678 in 1997) for the most passing yards in a season by a player after turning 40. Brady's 26 passing touchdowns were tied for second in the NFL with Seattle's Russell Wilson, as only the Eagles' Carson Wentz (29) had more. And Brady's four interceptions are tied for the fewest among quarterbacks who have had at least 200 pass attempts this season.
Having spent the final three months of the 2006 season alongside Brady in New England, Testaverde isn't surprised at the results.
“Being around Tom for that short period, I saw how hard he works. It's a lifestyle of working out, eating right, taking care of your body, getting the treatments when you get the little nagging injuries,” Testaverde said from his Florida home, where he has been retired since the end of the 2007 season. “Obviously, you have to avoid some serious injuries, which -- knock on wood -- I did in my career. Tom has, as well.
“It's just putting in the time, and working at it. Once you get to a certain age and then you decide that you want to work out and try to have your career continue, it's too late. So it has to start at a younger age, and it has to be a lifestyle. I think Tom, from what I've been reading and hearing about, his dieting and workout programs have him ahead of the game.”
Testaverde started the entire season for the Dallas Cowboys when he was 41 in 2004. He also started six games for the Carolina Panthers when he was 44 in 2007.
When Testaverde signed with New England in November 2006, it marked the third time that he was on a team with Belichick on the coaching staff -- preceded by his time as a starter with the Cleveland Browns (1993-95), then the New York Jets in the late 1990s.
“Having coached Vinny in Cleveland, his [seventh] year in the league, and then at the Jets [in 1998], and then a decade later from Cleveland to here, you're still talking about, to this day, a rare athlete -- size, speed, not to mention throwing mechanics and technique, lower-body strength, upper-body strength, could run. The guy could have probably played linebacker, defensive end, running back, quarterback, tight end, safety if that's where he had trained,” Belichick said.
NFL Playoff Machine See what the latest playoff picture looks like and simulate your own playoff scenarios.
NFL Playoff Machine
“Those guys don't just come along every day now. If you're talking about a guy like that [who] had a long career, that wasn't shocking to me because of how exceptionally gifted Vinny was, and he was an extremely hard worker. I'd say that very confidently about him.”
Brady doesn't fall into the same category when it comes to pure athleticism, but he obviously makes up for it, and then some, in other areas.
Speaking from the rare perspective of a former 40-year-old starting quarterback who also spent a half-season with Brady a decade ago, Testaverde highlighted one of them.
“Aside from being a great competitor, I think what impresses me about Tom is his mechanics and throwing motion. He throws with what I call effortless power,” Testaverde said. “To this day, at 40 years old, he probably still has one of the strongest arms in the league.
“I don't think people give him enough credit for that, because I don't think they see it on an every-play basis where he's throwing the football [like that]. He might take a little off on a shorter route and then have to throw it a little harder on a deeper route. Whereas some other players, they have one speed, whether it's a short or long pass.
“Tom has the ability to have that effortless power and very little flawed motion, if you will. I think that's why he's able to stand tall in the pocket and not have to really get everything behind it to make a throw, and take that long stride like you see a lot of guys do, and that elongated throwing motion. He doesn't have that. Even though he's a tall, long lanky guy, he still has a tight, compact throwing motion, which I love to watch.”
Brady has fond memories of his time with Testaverde in 2006. Prior to Testaverde's arrival, it had been Brady and Matt Cassel in the quarterback room.
“So two young guys, and to have someone who was really a veteran; he brought a lot of experience, a lot of stability, a lot of confidence to the room,” Brady said. “He was just a great mentor for me, and we've always kept in touch. I really enjoyed my time with him.”
For Brady, it was the second straight year he had been around a quarterback in his 40s, as Doug Flutie, then 43, had been with the Patriots in 2005.
“To play with those two, it was very unique,” Brady recalled. “I learned a lot from both of them.”
Brady said a common link between Testaverde and Flutie was their work ethic and passion for the game, even at that age, which is what many say about Brady today.
Vinny Testaverde, who played with Brady and the Patriots in 2006, marvels at what he calls the "effortless power" in Brady's throws. Jeff Hanisch/USA TODAY Sports
For Testaverde, the focus on his age at that stage of his career could sometimes be a mental drain. He sees Brady handling that part well.
“The toughest thing outside of the physical aspect is everyone talking about it. You hit that 40 number and everyone wants to talk about it, and if you allow it to creep into your mind, it becomes a distraction,” Testaverde said.
“You have enough challenges as you go forward with the season, just the recovery time of the game and going through the week, so there are plenty of things you're trying to get through mentally. The last thing you want to be hearing about is people talking about your age. As much as you try to avoid it, and not read or listen, you always hear somebody -- whether it's a family member or friends, a news article or turn on the TV, it seems like it's always there. You just have to be mentally strong enough to just use it as fuel for your fire. I know Tom is.”
Testaverde said he tried to embrace being the oldest player on the team, and it became a way to bond with teammates at times. Similar to how Patriots players have ribbed Brady about having a padded office chair at his locker this year, Testaverde remembered his final stop at the Jets and how linebacker Jonathan Vilma affectionately called him “Uncle” and “Grandpa.”
“It was kind of neat if you take pride in doing something that very few people in the NFL have ever done -- play at the age of 40 or older,” he said. “So I always embraced that and took pride in the fact I was able to play what some might say is a young man's game.”
Although there were times his age became a point of tension at one of his stops.
“There was one point when there was a little confrontation with a player and myself. He was telling me, ‘This is a young man's game.' He was actually being disrespectful to me,” Testaverde said. “And I told him, point blank, ‘No, no, you're mistaken. This is a man's game. Whether you're young or old has nothing to do with it. If you can be productive, you belong, so don't make a mistake -- it's a man's game.'”
Brady has said he hopes to play until his mid-40s, which is when Testaverde called it a career after starting six games for the Panthers in 2007. Testaverde said he retired to spend more time with his family, not because his physical condition was betraying him, and believed he had another couple of years in which he could have been productive.
As for Brady, Testaverde said, “It's hard for me to know what his body feels like. He's played more games than I had, but at the same time, from just eyeballing it from TV and listening to him, if he decides he wants to make a run for five or six more Super Bowls, I think he can do it.
“It's just a mindset, it's up to him how hard he wants to work at it in the offseason. There is a lot that goes into it. Sitting here talking about it in a few minutes [of an interview] just makes it seem like nothing. But it's a 100 percent commitment of trying to accomplish the goals he sets for himself. It takes a lot.
“Obviously, the older you get, the harder it is to maintain that same level. But barring any serious injury, I don't see any reason why he shouldn't play as long as he wants to.”
Experimental and unfinished Java APIs could soon appear in new versions of Java under a plan from Oracle.
So-called Incubator Modules have been proposed as a means of inserting promising features into the OpenJDK.
OpenJDK is an open-source implementation and reference implementation of Java Standard Edition.
Modules would contain "Incubating APIs" that would eventually become standardized, made final in a next release or removed entirely, Oracle said.
Oracle defines Incubator APIs as something “under development for eventual inclusion in the Java SE Platform, or JDK, but [which] is not yet sufficiently proven.”
Their inclusion would - according to Oracle - reduce the chance for “costly mistakes in the Java SE Platform”.
“Many Java SE Platform or JDK APIs would benefit from spending short period of time in a JDK Release Project prior to being standardized in the JCP,” Oracle said in its proposal to other members of the Java community here.
Oracle believes this would mean greater opportunity to test new APIs outside the immediate OpenJDK community, generating feedback before an API is finished or dropped.
The Incubator APIs plan comes from Chris Hegarty, a member of Oracle's technical staff, and was tabled in November and updated in January.
Incubator APIs were discussed at the Java Community Processes governing Executive Committee meeting in January and is expected to come up again. JCP EC members are understood to be assessing the Incubator Modules.
Oracle's proposal, however, has alarmed some JCP members.
Fragmentation
The Reg has seen discussions between Oracle Java Platform Group chief architect and OpenJDK chair Mark Reinhold and JCP members who are concerned at a possible fragmentation of the Java standard that might occur with Incubator APIs.
APIs could become get overlooked and de-factor embedded in the OpenJDK, JDK and Java SE, becoming non-standard features to Java.
Re-inforcing this, devs might build their applications using the unfinished APIs. Their apps could also end up broken should they adopt Incubator APIs that are subsequently retired.
JCP executive committee member and Hazelcast chief executive Greg Luck, in conversation with The Reg, echoed the concerns of others.
“How do you prevent Java fragmentation? What happens if people start using the OpenJDK? If it's there, people will start wiring code against it,” Luck said.
In one JCP discussion thread seen by The Reg, Reinhold dismissed the idea of fragmentation, saying it “isn't really an issue” because incubator APIs would “have a finite lifetime and can change or even disappear without any notice at all”.
According to JDK Enhancement Proposal (JEP) 11, incubator modules would be packaged into jmod files with a --do-not-resolve-by-default option so use is on an opt-in basis. Oracle believes the opt-in nature would avoid users becoming dependent on modules with warnings also issued of or when they are removed.
However, there is a concern, too, over the way Incubator Modules have been proposed – the idea is from Oracle, not the community it seems.
Luck said while he's not opposed to the idea of Incubator APIs: “The problem... is this idea seems to have come from nowhere - no discussion on JCP mailing lists.
Luck called this a “further example” of the JEP 11 idea “getting further away from the JCP process.
The full proposal is for JEP 11: Incubator Modules. JEPs were introduced by Oracle in 2011 as a parallel arrangement to the more familiar Java Specification Requests (JSRs), shortly after Oracle bought Sun Microsystems and thereby took on stewardship of Java.
JEPs are used to propose, implement or track new features in the OpenJDK.
Concern has also arisen over Oracle's plan to début Incubator APIs in JDK 9 after the latter had been signed off as feature-complete in May 2016.
Reinhold told one OpenJDK mailing thread that “the plan”, if JEP 11 was approved, would be to integrate JEP 110 and refactor JEP 282 as an experimental plug-in for JDK 9.
Faisal Khawar Butt
Sialkot
Barzil Ambassador to Pakistan, Claudio Raja Gabaglia Lins vowed to make all out sincere efforts to boost mutual trade ties between Pakistan and Brazil.
He stated this during an important meeting with Sialkot business community held at Sialkot Chamber of Commerce and Industry (SCCI) here on Monday.
SCCI President Zahid Latif malik, Senior Vice President (SVP) Abdul Waheed and Vice President (VP) Abid Ahmed Khawaja presided over the meeting.
The Brazilian Ambassador said that Brazil would soon establish the direly needed “Pak-Brazil Business Forum” to develop Face-to-Face business contacts and boost the mutual trade ties between Pakistan and Brazil.
He said that all the stakeholders from both sides would be putting together in this forum.
The envoy said that there was a dire need to establish “Pak-Brazil Business Forum”, saying the Forum would start formal functioning in Islamabad at the end of April 2018.
He sought positive suggestion from SCCI, in this regard.
Earlier, SCCI President Zahid Latif Malik accorded a warm welcome to the visiting diplomat.
He lauded the efforts to enhance bilateral trade and investment, and said that the same could be conveniently enhanced by facilitating frequent interactions of private sectors through single country exhibitions, exchange of trade delegations and one-to-one meetings of businessmen from both sides.
He emphasized that Sialkot exporters have great potential to explore and capture the international trade markets including France by exporting their world class traditional and non-traditional export products.
The meeting was told that the total trade volume between the two countries is around US $660 Million with balance of trade in favour of Brazil at US $ 605 Million.
The present trade volume is not reflective of the mutual friendly relations and potential available in the two countries.
They said that there were immense possibilities and huge potential of joint ventures and cooperation
in various feasible sectors, which might be exploited optimally to improve bilateral trade.
Ambassador of Brazil to Pakistan, Claudio Raja Gabaglia Lins also thanked the people of Sialkot for their warm hospitality and appreciated the exceptional projects of Sialkot Business Community including Sialkot International Airport and AIRSIAL.
Earlier, the Brazilian Ambassador also visited the several leading industrial units in Sialkot, amid tight security.
He witnessed the international standard craftsmanship of Sialkot based artisans and said that Sialkot exporters had a great potential to explore and capture the international trade markets of Brazil by exporting their world class traditional and non-traditional export products.
He also highly hailed the unique export culture of Sialkot.
Trump Guts Requirement That Employer Health Plans Pay For Birth Control
Enlarge this image toggle caption Charles Dharapak/AP Charles Dharapak/AP
Updated 4:52 pm
The Trump administration is rolling back the Obama-era requirement that employer-provided health insurance policies cover birth control methods at no cost to women.
According to senior officials with the Department of Health and Human Services, the goal of the new rule is to allow any company or nonprofit group to exclude the coverage for contraception if it has a religious or moral objection.
"This provides an exemption, and it's a limited one," said Roger Severino, director of the HHS Office of Civil Rights. "We should have space for organizations to live out their religious identity and not face discrimination."
He said he expects that most companies will continue to provide coverage for birth control and that the changes will only affect a tiny percentage of U.S. women. The new rules are being published Friday in the Federal Register and go into effect immediately.
But some health policy analysts say the new rule creates a huge opening that lets any employer claim an exemption, leaving their female workers to pay the full cost of any birth control out of pocket.
"It is a huge loophole for any employer that does not want to provide birth control coverage to their employees," says Dania Palanker, a professor at Georgetown University's Center on Health Insurance Reform.
The change fulfills a promise President Trump made in May to the Catholic religious order The Little Sisters of the Poor in a ceremony in the White House Rose Garden. The nuns had sued the Obama administration over the birth control requirement.
It also sets up a fight between advocates of religious freedom and those of equal rights for women. The American Civil Liberties Union sued the Trump Administration within hours of the rule being published, claiming it violated the 14th Amendment's Equal Protection Clause, which ensures that all people receive equal protection under the law.
"The Trump Administration is forcing women to pay for their boss's religious beliefs," said ACLU senior staff attorney Brigitte Amiri, in a statement.
The Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, requires employer-provided health insurance policies to include coverage for preventive health care. After the law passed, HHS used its regulatory authority to specify what has to be included in those preventive services and birth control, including "all Food and Drug Administration approved contraceptive methods, sterilization procedures, and patient education and counseling for all women with reproductive capacity."
But the policy was controversial from the start.
Several companies and religious groups sued, saying the rule infringed on their religious freedom.
The Obama administration created an exemption for churches and allowed other "religious employers" to opt out by notifying the government. When they did so, the administration would arrange with their insurance companies to provide the coverage directly, without the employers' involvement.
But the Little Sisters of the Poor weren't happy with that workaround and sued.
The group's case, and a second one involving private businesses including the Hobby Lobby chain of craft stores, which has 32,000 employees, went to the Supreme Court.
The court ruled in favor of Hobby Lobby in 2014, saying privately held companies could object on religious grounds. And then, last year, the court issued a split ruling in the Little Sisters case, saying the government shouldn't fine the nuns but ordering the two sides to work out an arrangement that accommodates their religious beliefs.
Before a deal was reached, Trump became president.
At the Rose Garden ceremony in May, he told the Little Sisters of the Poor that he planned to change the rules. "Your long ordeal will soon be over," he promised.
Under the new rule, women who work for Hobby Lobby or the religious group may no longer have access to birth control coverage through the Obama-era workaround. A Hobby Lobby spokesman said the company would have no comment on Friday, and the Little Sisters of the Poor didn't respond to NPR's emails seeking comment.
Hobby Lobby's founder and CEO David Green told reporters in 2013, "Our family is now being forced to choose between following the laws of the land that we love or maintaining the religious beliefs that have made our business successful and have supported our family and thousands of our employees and their families."
HHS officials said they don't expect many companies to seek waivers. They said the group seeking waivers will likely be limited to those about 200 companies and nonprofits that have already sued.
But Palanker says the impact could be a lot bigger. There are a lot of large private companies, she says, whose owners may hold strong religious beliefs but did not want the publicity and expense of suing the federal government.
"A lot of women will retain birth control coverage," Palanker says, "but there will be a lot of women who will lose that coverage."
That means they'll find themselves paying out of pocket. A one-month supply of birth control pills can cost anywhere from $4 to $55 or more, according to GoodRX.com.
Longer-acting contraception, like an intrauterine device, can cost more than $1,000, says Sarah Lipton-Lubet, a vice president at the National Partnership for Women and Families. She says the new rule is a tool for discrimination against women.
"Women shouldn't be denied access to basic health care based on their employers' religious beliefs," she says. "We all have the right to our religious beliefs. But the way that this rule treats religion is really an excuse to discriminate."
HHS officials say they also plan more stringent enforcement of a provision in the Affordable Care Act that prohibits federal subsidies from being used for insurance policies that cover abortion. The agency will issue guidelines for insurers Friday on how they have to charge women who want abortion coverage at least $12 a year more for such a policy, and they have to keep that money in a separate fund to be used only to pay for abortions.
In addition to the ACLU, Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey, and California Attorney General Javier Becerra announced they too plan to file suit opposing the new rule.
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):A week-long Iranian Film Festival has started here at Pakistan National Council of the Arts (PNCA) by organizing screening of films.
The film festival was inaugurated by Minister State for Information, Broadcasting and National Heritage Mrs. Marriyum Aurangzeb. Ambassador of Iran to Pakistan Mehdi Hassan Hunar Dost, Cultural Counselor of Iran Embassy and Director General PNCA Syed Jamal Shah and Incharge Film Division PNCA Aijaz Gul was also present on the occasion.
The film festival was organized by Cultural Consulate Islamic Republic of Iran in collaboration with Cultural Center of Islamic Republic of Iran in Rawalpindi, PNCA and National Heritage of Folk and Traditional Heritage (Lok Virsa).
In his welcome remarks, Ambassador of Iran to Pakistan Mehdi Hassan Hunar Dost welcomed the participants in the week-long film festival. He expressed the hope that this film festival provides an opportunity to the enthusiasts of productive and constructive films in Pakistan to closely observe and enjoy the superior technique and content of Iranian film.
Cultural Counselor Iran Embassy Shahaboddin Daraei said that Cinema is a phenomenon associated with life and social progress of human beings and since its audience is public, it is in line with their social, cultural, economic and political changes. He said that Cinema in Iran has always been evolving and transitioning with social changes. Today Iran's Cinema history can be divided into two parts 1- pre-revolution Cinema and 2-Post-Revolution Cinema.
He appreciated PNCA, Lok Virsa and Asian Peace Film Institute for their cooperation in making this event possible.
The opening ceremony of three-day festival was also attended by a large number of people from different walks of life.
The films will be shown at Pakistan National Council of Arts from December 11-12 and at Lok Virsa from December 13-15.
During the festival five famous Iranian movies, ‘So Far So Close', ‘Bodyguard', ‘A Cube of Sugar', ‘Crazy Castle' and ‘Where are my shoes?' are to be shown.
Iranian cinema has been one of the main enthralling and appealing cinema industry in the world and has gained special status among the world's cinema industry with its unique and innovative film directing techniques.
Iranian films are regularly shown in different Pakistani cities in which people show keen interest.
Last year an Iranian film festival was held in Rawalpindi city while in January this year another Iranian film festival was held in eastern city of Lahore and both events attracted a good number of people.
Within 24 hours of sharing a personal story of sexual assault that happened to me at 15, I received more than 40 #MeToo stories from readers. And more since. They come from everyday people, not involved with celebrities, high-powered politicians, media moguls, etc., currently getting outed as abusers. No, these are stories that happened to children, innocent teens and young working people, some violated in their own homes, others accosted by strangers. The writers of these stories remember the details, even into their 60s and 70s. Here are the voices that need finally to be heard. If, at last, we are truly experiencing a social revolution ending the shame and silent acceptance of sexual assault, rape and sexual harassment; And if we are also ending the ages-old hypocritical culture of protecting perpetrators, these people you'll now read are on the front lines of historic change.
Article Continued Below
#MeToo: “She said, ‘Please don't tell your dad or he'll kill him.' ” I was almost 7. My parents, sister and I went to a rented beach cottage with our next-door neighbours and their two sons. My parents returned to work in our hometown and left my sister and me with this family. The following day, the older son became ill and his mother took him home for treatment.
This left my sister and me in the company of the father and younger son. That night, we three children slept in the living room on cots. During the night I awakened slightly while being carried to the father's bed. I still recall that he reeked of alcohol although I had no experience with that smell then. He put me into bed beside him and made me touch his erect penis for what seemed like hours. I thought I must be having a nightmare. He later carried me back to my cot. We were taken home the next morning. I told my mother what had happened. She said, “Please don't tell your dad or he'll kill him.” I didn't understand why nothing was done. Years later, my mother said that she didn't recall me telling her this. She thought I probably imagined it. Many years later, my mother asked why we didn't invite this couple to a party for my parents' 40th anniversary. I said I wasn't comfortable being near him. She said that she thought I would've forgotten the incident by then.
If we are truly experience a social revolution ending the shame and acceptance of sexual misconduct, many Ellie readers are part of a wave of historic change. ( MARK RALSTON/AFP/GETTY IMAGES )
#MeToo: “I walked out bewildered” I'm a man, 67. I was a teenage boy who went to a men's store to buy pants. The male clerk kept entering the changing room while I tried them on. I don't know how many times he took my inseam measurement, making sure he touched my privates each time. Like you (Ellie note: my Dec. 4 column) when you were groped in a coat store, I walked out bewildered. I instinctively knew that what happened didn't seem right but of course told no one. #MeToo: “He turned down a quiet rural road … and started pleasuring himself” I was 16 and had just started dating a new boy I met in school. He'd introduced me to a friend of his who was 24, the pastor's son and a youth group leader. My boyfriend made plans for the three of us to hang out after he finished work. His friend had a car so he would pick each of us up, me first. On the way, he turned down a quiet rural road, took off his seatbelt, opened his pants and started pleasuring himself. I was in shock, silent, was intimidated by him because he was much older. I turned my head to look out the window and he kept asking me to watch. I said I didn't want to and he said I could touch it, too. When I asked him to stop he replied that he wanted to finish first so I asked to get out of the car. He said he didn't realize I wasn't cool with that sort of thing. It was a long walk back home. I told my boyfriend about it that night. He ended their friendship. #MeToo: “I changed my work habits to avoid walking home alone” I was 21. On my way back from work late one fall evening (11:30 p.m.) I'd just gotten off the street car. I walked two blocks and was almost in front of my door when I saw a young man was walking on the sidewalk towards me. He stopped in front of me and I thought he lived in the basement of the house so stupidly asked if he did. He grabbed me by the collar of my winter coat and proceeded to jerk off. It happened so fast that before I could react he fled. Shocked, I went into the house and told my roommate. I didn't report it to the police because I didn't want the hassle. But it made me feel watched and I changed my work habits to avoid walking home alone. I was afraid, but also thankful that it wasn't a rape. How messed up is that? #MeToo: “The nurses told me to be quiet” I've been groped on the subway, leered at, had men expose themselves to me and make obscene gestures. The last one happened in an emergency room hospital setting and when I yelled at the man (who was a patient in the same room with just a curtain separating us) the nurses told me to be quiet!
The voices of everyday people, in addition to those involved with outing celebrities, politicians and executives, are voices that need to be heard. ( Richard Lautens/Toronto Star file photo )
#MeToo: “My mom said I needed to get over it” I was 6 or 7. He was my dad's cousin. He lived with us for a short time period. I didn't know why. Many years later he came back to visit us again for a few days. I remember not letting my 3-year-old sister out of my sight. One day he was in her room, I grabbed her and took her away. I kept it to myself for years — ashamed, guilt-ridden but happy that I saved her from the same traumatic experience. (Ellie note: Despite this woman's desire to speak out, she couldn't bring herself to detail exactly what the man did that so traumatized her.) I told my parents when I was in my second year of university because a friend's experience triggered my memories. They asked if I wasn't imagining things. My dad walked out of the room and never spoke to me about it again. My mom sent me to visit a friend in California. Our relationship was never normal after that. I'd wanted some form of apology for their not protecting me. I learned many years later that he came to live with us because his wife had left him on allegations that he was cheating and preying on younger women. It fuelled the anger against my parents. My mom said I needed to get over it. Therapy helped me but part of me is still hoping for an apology. My purpose for telling my story is this: If you're a parent or a guardian of a child who confides in you, don't ever doubt them. Even if you had zero responsibility, apologize. Your one role as a parent is to protect your children and sometimes circumstances make it challenging. However, offering an apology can be such a small gesture on your part but have such a tremendous impact on their lives. #MeToo: “My perpetrator was ‘such a nice guy,' it had to be my fault” Although it started more than 60 years ago, I'm still haunted by my abuse. It began when I was a child and continued until I was 16. My abuser was my mother's boyfriend. The saddest part for me is that she knew about it. At 16, I told my abuser I was done, so he tried to strangle me, then raped me. The result was the police pressed charges and my mother married her boyfriend so she didn't have to testify in court. I had to move out once he was released. My mother threatened my life if I told anyone what happened. I never knew my sister was also sexually abused until we were in our 30s. We were planning to confront our mother about why she'd allowed this, but unfortunately my sister became very ill and died. I lost the only person who understood the depth of our past, which has affected my life every day. Even some extended family never believed me once I gained courage to share some details. My perpetrator was “such a nice guy,” it had to be my fault. I understand why some women take years to talk about their experiences, and although a movement is in the making, it still amazes me how women (and some men, too) are still fighting to be heard and believed.
The stories of the #MeToo movement are stories that happened to children, innocent teens, young working people — some violated in their own homes, other accosted by strangers. Those people remember the details for years, even decades after. ( MARK RALSTON/AFP/GETTY IMAGES file photo )
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
Ford Mustang Bullitt logo Enlarge Photo
A new Ford Mustang Bullitt was recently spotted during a film shoot for a commercial in Chicago.
Photos taken at the scene have been posted to the Mustang6G forum and reveal a 2018 Mustang wearing what clearly resembles Dark Highland Green, the color of the Mustang driven by Steve McQueen in the 1968 hit movie "Bullitt." Such a color isn't currently available on the 2018 Mustang options list.
Fans will also note that the car is devoid of a rear spoiler and “5.0” badging, and that it is sitting on a set of retro-style Torq Thrust wheels finished in gloss black and with a chrome lip—once again an option you won't find on the 2018 Mustang.
The biggest giveaway, though, is the faux fuel-filler cap up back. It features the same crosshairs design and Bullitt name found on the last Mustang Bullitt.
Sketches of alleged Ford Mustang Bullitt appear in promotional video Enlarge Photo
Earlier this year, rumors of the car flared up when some sketches of a Bullitt version of the sixth-generation Mustang showed up in an official Ford video.
But before you get too excited, there's still the chance the car spotted during the film shoot was built purely for whatever commercial is being filmed. We have been wrong before.
Then again, with the 50th anniversary of the "Bullitt" movie coming up in 2018, the timing certainly seems right for a new Mustang Bullitt. And previous Mustang Bullitts have been popular enough to warrant a new edition; the previous 2008 edition proved so popular Ford extended production for a second year.
Stay tuned.
5 Indian batsmen with best 50 to 100 conversion ratios in Tests
Vaibhav Joshi FOLLOW ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 1.58K // 04 Jul 2018, 16:43 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
The Test cricket has been all about acclimatization and determination. Being the most competitive form of the game, Test cricket demands an immense level of concentration at the crease.
From a batsman's point of view, the most arduous task for a batsman is to build upon the great starts and convert the fifties into hundreds which in turn will help the team to post a respectable score. The conversion of the 50s to the 100s happens to be one of the most difficult tasks for a batsman as it requires an enormous amount of cynosure and resilience.
Thus, in this slider, we will look at top five Indian Test batsmen with the best 50 to 100 conversion ratios*.
Note: Criterion is a minimum of 10 Test centuries
*Here, the conversion ratio for a particular batsman is calculated as - The number of Test centuries divided by the number of Test fifties
(All statistics as on 4 July 2018)
#5 Cheteshwar Pujara (Conversion Ratio: 0.8235)
Cheteshwar Pujara, as Harsha Bhogle says, is a classical musician in the era of Yo-Yo Honey Singh. Harsha is right. Pujara with nimble feet is one of the most focussed batsmen when it comes to Test cricket. With atavistic batting technique and robust mindset, Pujara happens to be a perfect recipe for Test cricket.
His equable temperament and ability to acclimatization to any situation have helped him reap beautiful results in this format of the game. Thus, it comes as no surprise that Pujara has found a place in this list.
Having played 58 Test matches, Pujara has amassed 4531 runs at an astounding average of 50.34 with 14 centuries, three double centuries, and 17 half-centuries to his name.
Thus, with 14 centuries and 17 half-centuries in his pack, Pujara has one of the best 50 to 100 conversion ratios (0.8235) amongst all other Indian Test batsmen.
SHANGHAI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - China stocks rebounded on Friday in volatile trade but still suffered their worst week in over a year, following a sell-off in small-caps unleashed by a perfect storm of events including an executive's suicide, huge corporate losses and a shadow banking squeeze.
After a four-day losing streak, selling pressure on small stocks was stemmed after more than 40 companies suspended trading on Friday to avoid margin calls, while an increasing number of firms announced share purchase schemes by major shareholders.
A surge in resources shares also helped after a broad-based slide that stirred memories of market turmoil two years ago, when Chinese shares plummeted on fears of an economic slowdown and capital outflows.
The benchmark Shanghai Composite Index recouped early losses and ended up 0.5 percent, at 3,462.94 points.
But it still lost 2.7 percent on the week, its biggest weekly percentage loss since December 2016.
The blue-chip index CSI300 ended up 0.6 percent, but shed 2.5 percent on the week.
At the epicenter was ChiNext, China's notoriously speculative, start-up board. The Nasdaq-style gauge clawed its way into the black on Friday but lost 6.3 percent for the week, its worst performance in 21 months.
Investor faith in small caps has been shaken following a wave of profit warnings and an eye-popping $1.8 billion annual loss flagged this week by struggling Leshi Internet, formerly seen as a ChiNext bellwether.
David Dai, general manager of Shanghai Wisdom Investment Co Ltd, said he no longer dares buy small caps amid increasing signs of “bloodbath accounting”, where companies unexpectedly conduct massive write-offs during bad years to wash the books.
“There's a real danger of stepping on the landmines, as companies seem to be able to change their accounting treatment at will,” Dai said.
“Many growth companies nowadays cannot even outgrow blue chips such as Moutai,” he said, referring to the Chinese premium liquor maker that predicted a 58 percent profit surge in 2017.
According to an estimate by GF Securities, combined profit of ChiNext companies dropped 5.5 percent in 2017, compared with 7.8 percent growth at Chinese banks.
Dai also expressed concern over a possible wave of margin calls if share prices fall further, which could tighten liquidity conditions even as regulators expand their campaign to reduce risks in the financial system.
Highlighting the rippling effect, the death of Zhejiang Jindun Fans Co's Chairman Zhou Jiancan this week triggered rumors of a failed investment in Leshi, whose shares have been in free-fall.
The company said on Thursday that Zhou's death was not related to the alleged Leshi investment.
But it disclosed that nearly all of Zhou's holdings in the company - roughly 26 percent of total shares - are pledged against loans, and that his son will be responsible for dealing with margin calls if they're triggered by further price falls.
In an apparent effort to avoid forced selling, roughly 40 companies, including Shenwu Energy Saving Co and Tainguang Zhongmao Co suspended trading on Friday following share price tumbles.
The growing list of share suspensions echoed those which were seen during the 2015 market crash, which drew criticism from global investors as to whether China was truly committed to free market reforms.
U.S. stock index compiler MSCI has complained that China is an “outlier” in having too many, and too frequent trading halts. It will include China's “A-shares” into its emerging market benchmark starting in June.
According to an estimate by Sinolink Securities, as of Jan 31, 1,066 cases of margin calls had been triggered, involving shares in 608 listed firms.
Adding to the selling pressure is Beijing's stepped-up campaign against shadow banking, which is forcing the closure of many wealth management schemes.
And, after sharp gains in recent weeks, many investors may be simply taking profits ahead of the long Lunar New Year holidays beginning in mid-February.
“The sell-off in Shenzhen is testing the grit and patience of investors, many of whom will collapse before dawn,” Zhang Mingyu, fund manager of Shanghai JY Investment, wrote in a note to clients.
“But if you manage to wade through the swamp ahead, you can stand up on land.” (Reporting by Samuel Shen and John Ruwitch; Editing by Kim Coghill)
[Stephen Mihm] The airline industry: Overpacking planes since the 1940s
The revelations last week that airlines overbook as a policy and that they can forcibly remove passengers when their calculations go awry has shocked millions from Chicago to China. But it's a problem as old as the airline industry itself.
As they expanded their services in the late 1940s, airlines struggled with the problem of “no-shows” -- people who reserved a seat but failed to board. This was a serious problem: A half-empty plane -- even one with a few empty seats -- could operate at a loss, or with severely diminished profits.
Overbooking was the solution, albeit one likely discovered by accident. Prior to the 1950s, airline reservations were a low-tech affair. Each airline had a “master board” at headquarters that showed all the available seats on any given flight; regional offices maintained versions of the board as well.
The clerk overseeing the master board would put a green flag next to flights that had only a few seats left, and a red flag when filled entirely. This cumbersome system, though, did not operate in real time, so it was easy to oversell a flight by mistake.
The airlines, however, quickly realized that this wasn't a problem: Virtually every flight had its share of no-shows. It didn't take long for executives to realize that overbooking was a fantastic money-making strategy.
Yet no airline has ever taken responsibility for the innovation. Indeed, executives spent years steadfastly denying that they deliberately overbooked flights.
By 1950, the practice had become widespread. So, too, did the complaints of irate passengers.
In one well-publicized incident in December 1953, a New York businessman bumped from a flight out of Newark opted to picket the plane on the tarmac, eventually sitting on the front wheel in protest. (Airline security was nonexistent at the time). The New York Times, writing a few years later about the overbooking problem, observed that this particular passenger “was doing only what hundreds of others have felt like doing.”
But the practice continued, and Congress, stirred by irate constituents, began pushing for action. In June 1956, Republican Sen. Margaret Chase Smith of Maine lambasted the airlines for their “callousness”; a month later, the Civilian Aeronautics Board (a precursor to the Federal Aviation Agency and the National Transportation Safety Board) sent out a letter warning the major carriers to curtail the practice.
The number of incidents dropped dramatically, but soared again within a few months. The CAB implemented enforcement proceedings against National (later acquired by Pan Am) and Eastern, which went bankrupt in 1991, but not before selling part of the company to Donald Trump. Both were charged with overbooking and what was then the illegal practice of paying customers cash for their trouble. (Because bumped passengers got a better deal than everyone else, the CAB barred the practice as “discrimination.”)
The airlines fought back, claiming that any overbooking that happened was an honest mistake, not a result of policy. This, to put it politely, was highly unlikely. As Marvin Rothstein, a manager at American Airlines in 1960, later recalled, the company's director of reservations informed him “that deliberate overbooking was practiced everywhere in the system whenever the volume of traffic made it worthwhile.” Top management condoned the practice; regional managers implemented it.
That same decade, the CAB lurched from one extreme to another in struggling to address the problem. In 1961, it supported a scheme by the airlines to penalize no-show passengers, but abandoned the idea two years later. Bad publicity. After studying the problem further, the CAB reversed course and sanctioned overbooking -- padded as it was with euphemism. “Through ‘carefully controlled overbooking,'” the agency concluded in a 1967 report, “the airlines can reduce the number of empty seats and at the same time serve the public interest by accommodating more passengers.”
The CAB didn't define “carefully controlled,” but it did mandate that airlines give bumped passengers a voucher equivalent to the cost of the original flight. This one-size-fits-all solution fell short, failing to recognize that passengers might want more to compensate them for their trouble (or might be willing to settle for less).
Enter the economist Julian Simon. In a short but cheeky article entitled “An Almost Practical Solution to Airline Overbooking” published in a very obscure academic journal in 1977, Simon proposed a novel solution: Airlines should conduct an auction, with passengers offering sealed bids as to what they would be willing to accept for the inconvenience of getting bumped. The lowest bidder (or bidders) would get bumped and receive a voucher; everyone else would fly on schedule. “All parties benefit, and no party loses,” wrote Simon.
Simon didn't expect the article to be taken seriously. It was written in a light-hearted tone, and he speculated that airlines would reject the idea because it wasn't “decorous.” “It smacks of the pushcart rather than the one price store,” he wrote.
But Simon was on to something. In subsequent years, airlines gradually adopted a crude version of the auction, offering vouchers at a certain price, and if this failed to attract passengers, raising the price. In recent years, some airlines have gone even further, asking passengers when they check in how much they would be willing to accept in exchange for getting left behind.
Unfortunately, the auction system was grafted onto older regulations governing how much money passengers could be paid. Today, that figure is 400 percent of the original fare, up to a maximum of $1,350.
If regulators want to solve this problem for good, they should consider the vexed history of overbooking and abolish this upper limit and then implement Simon's proposal in its entirety. In other words, airlines should be permitted to overbook their flights, but when they need to bump passengers, they should only remove people who have voluntarily given up their seats for a voucher, with the price set by auction.
Perhaps that price will be $500; it may well be $5,000. But one imagines that after handing out some vouchers in the high four figures, the airlines may, after 70 years, finally curtail their reliance on overbooking.
By Stephen Mihm
Stephen Mihm, an associate professor of history at the University of Georgia, is a contributor to Bloomberg View. -- Ed.
(Bloomberg)
A team of Peterborough Sunday Morning League veterans take on a rep side from the same competition as part of the Peterborough Football Association 125th anniversary celebrations on Sunday (October 8, 10.30am).
The game will take place at Netherton United's Grange ground (10.3oam kick off).
Ian Bradbury (blue) represents the PSMFL veterans at the Grange.
The rep team will be managed by West Town's Vinny Price. Division One sides Ploughman and Parkway and Division Two outfit West Town supply the bulk of the squad.
Craig Heath will manager a veterans team that includes star names like Jamie Graham, Ian Fovargue and Ian Bradbury.
No Peterborough Sunday League matches will take place this weekend.
“We hope players wiill come and support their team-mates on this showpiece occasion,” League chairman Fred Johnson said.
Rep team squad: Steve Shaw (Parkway), Daniel Ginty (Ploughman), Klod Memaj (Ploughman), Leon Gelliuzea (Ploughman),
Jake Sansby (Ploughman), Dan Fountain (Ploughman), Lloyd Mapes (Ploughman), Dan Stephens (Parkway), Jamie Stephens (Parkway), Luke McDowell (Parkway), Thomas Klinkovics (West Town), Ashleigh Baldwin (West Town), Dan Baldwin (West Town), Shaun Lindsey (West Town), Junior Jones Eyre (Cardea)
Veterans squad: Ricky Benson, Paul Redgate, Craig Heath, Ian Fovargue, Stuart Addinall, Lloyd Burton, Paul Wood, Jamie Weston, Chris Brown, Jamie Graham, Matt Leftley, Rob Ames, Ian Bradbury, John Watson, Paul Passero.
Officials: Referee - Brian O'Sullivan. Assistants - Rob Cusick, Ashley Yeoman. Fourth official - Michael Dunkley.
The Peterborough Football Association will host a dinner at the Bull Hotel to mark their 125th birthday on June 1, 2018. Tickets priced £20 a head are on sale now. Further information from peterborough.fa.ntlworld.com
Kendrick Lamar accepted his 2018 Pulitzer Prize for Music today at Columbia University in New York. The Compton-born MC, who sat at a table with CBS News anchor Gayle King, didn't comment while accepting the prize, but briefly remarked in the Pulitzer Facebook live video, “It's an honor … I've been writing my whole life, so to get this type of recognition – it's beautiful.” That was his only comment to date on winning the prize.
It was the first win for a non-classical or jazz musician since the awards began including music some 75 years ago.
The Pulitzer board deemed the album “a virtuosic song collection unified by its vernacular authenticity and rhythmic dynamism that offers affecting vignettes capturing the complexity of modern African-American life.” At the time of the announcement, Punch, head of Lamar's label Top Dawg Entertainment, tweeted: “Pulitzer Prize winner Kdot from Compton. I [better] not ever hear one of you n—as speak with anything less than respect in your mouth for Kendrick Lamar. #TDE.”
Host Dana Canedy seemed quietly delighted when making the announcement, and in an interview with the New York Times on Monday said, ““We are very proud of this selection. It means that the jury and the board judging system worked as it's supposed to — the best work was awarded a Pulitzer Prize. It shines a light on hip-hop in a completely different way. This is a big moment for hip-hop music and a big moment for the Pulitzers.”
Related Kendrick Lamar Talks Why Tupac Inspired Him to Start Rapping Kendrick Lamar's Onstage Outrage: Why Rap Should Retire the N-Word for Good
While the Pulitzer's usual laudatory blurb explaining the reasoning behind the award was not available at press time, there's little doubt about the impact Lamar has had on hip-hop, music and culture since he broke into the mainstream with his 2012 album “Good Kid, M.A.A.D City.” Each of his albums has been a vast musical progression from the one that came before, but most importantly, his lyrics reflect his upbringing in Los Angeles' tough Compton area, the black experience in America, hip-hop's history and legacy, stardom and countless other topics — all through a remarkably modest and self-assured attitude, one that does not lack the confidence and bluster that most rappers have, but all through the lens of an old soul. Lamar, 30, has won 11 Grammy Awards and has been lauded by and has met with President Barack Obama on several occasions.
Lamar was honored as Variety's Hitmaker of the Year in November — read Andrew Barker's cover story here.
.@kendricklamar is in the building. “We're both making history,” #Pulitzer Administrator @DanaCanedy told the Pulitzer music award-winner as he entered today's prize luncheon. pic.twitter.com/Tg3cMQiLOH — The Pulitzer Prizes (@PulitzerPrizes) May 30, 2018
U.S. Air Force Airmen with the 379th Expeditionary Civil Engineer Squadron illuminate Memorial Plaza with a large ball rigged with colorful lights at Al Udeid Air Base, Qatar, Dec. 31, 2016. This ball was repaired by four Airmen with the 379th ECES so they could lower it on New Year's Eve. (U.S. Air Force photo by Senior Airman Cynthia A. Innocenti)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.31.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 08:01 Photo ID: 3082994 VIRIN: 161231-F-SB162-0106 Resolution: 6512x3936 Size: 18.64 MB Location: AL UDEID AIR BASE, QA Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Civil engineer Airmen light up the new year [Image 1 of 4], by SrA Cynthia Innocenti, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
The 25-year-old from Richmond Hill said his name clearly and quickly as he stood stiffly in the prisoner's box, his wrists handcuffed behind his back.
A throng of photographers was lined up outside the lowrise building, though the accused entered and left the building in a prisoner transport vehicle.
His quick appearance took place inside the 1000 Finch Ave. W. court building, a few kilometres west of where Alek Minassian, less than 24 hours earlier, allegedly mowed down pedestrians along Yonge St., in the north end of the city.
The man accused of the mass murder of 10 innocent people — and the attempted murder of more than a dozen others — wore a white jumpsuit and a blank expression when he appeared Tuesday in a small courtroom packed with journalists.
With his hair cropped short and chin dark with stubble, Minassian leaned forward slightly to listen to duty counsel Georgia Koulis as the proceeding got underway.
“Mr. Minassian is the alleged driver of the van that killed 10 people and injured many others on Yonge St. yesterday afternoon,” Crown attorney Joe Callaghan told justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg.
Minassian has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder along with 13 counts of attempting to murder people “by hitting with a motor vehicle.” Police said they anticipate laying a 14th count of attempted murder.
Court documents didn't identify the names of the murder victims, referring to each as an “unknown person.” However the document, known as the information, did include the names of the attempted murder victims, with whom Minassian was ordered not to have any indirect or direct contact.
When asked if he understood, he sharply said, “Yes.”
Callaghan told the justice of the peace that Minassian needs to retain a lawyer and while the disclosure process will begin soon, “the investigation is in its infancy.”
Waisberg said Section 515(11) of the Criminal Code requires that a detention order be issued at this stage because of the seriousness of the charges. He may have a bail hearing if he brings an application for one in Superior Court at a later date.
His appearance lasted about eight minutes.
Minassian was ordered to return May 10 in video remand court at 1000 Finches.
Court records indicate Minassian has no criminal record.
A man believed to be Minassian's father was in court, but went undetected by most reporters, until he was escorted out of the building by police.
BARCELONA, Spain — As separatists in Catalonia jockeyed Friday to elude court rulings and find ways to deliver on their promise to declare independence, business giants hit back with plans to relocate their headquarters elsewhere in Spain amid the increasing political uncertainty.
Caixabank, Spain's third lender in global assets, said Friday that it was moving from Barcelona to the eastern city of Valencia, "given the current situation in Catalonia." It said it wants to remain in the eurozone and under the supervision of the European Central Bank — two things that would not happen if Catalonia did manage to secede.
The region's separatist government has vowed to use a pro-independence victory in a disputed referendum last weekend to go ahead with secession, while calling for Spain's central government to accept a dialogue.
But the government of Spain's conservative Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has rejected any negotiations unless the separatists drop their secession bid. Rajoy urged Catalan regional President Carles Puigdemont to cancel plans for declaring independence in order to avoid "greater evils."
"In order to dialogue, you must stay within the legal framework," Spanish cabinet spokesperson Inigo Mendez de Vigo told reporters Friday, blaming the secessionists for breaking Spain's constitutional order.
"Coexistence is broken" in Catalonia, he said, warning Catalans that a parliamentary declaration of independence "is not enough" and that the international community needs to recognize independent nations.
No country has openly said it would support secession, and the European Union says an independent Catalonia would be kicked out of the bloc and forced to stop using the common euro currency. The EU says Catalonia would have to apply to rejoin, a lengthy, uncertain process.
The prospect of an exit has sent shivers among business heavyweights, including lender Banco Sabadell and energy giant Gas Natural, who were among the firms to green light relocations of their registered address.
The companies are moving only their official address and so far that does not affect jobs or investments. It doesn't, however, send a message of confidence in the government of Puigdemont.
Thursday 7th December saw a good trade for all grades at Hilltown Mart.
Banbridge farmer donated a ewe in lamb which made a magnificent amount of £480 for Newry Hospice.
Heavy lambs: Hilltown farmer £87 for 32kg (271ppk). Banbridge farmer £85 for 28kg (303ppk). Rostrevor farmer £85 for 27kg (306ppk). Kilkeel farmer£84 for 25kg (333ppk), £81 for 24kg (336ppk), £78 for 23kg (29ppk). Hilltown farmer £77.50 for 23.5kg (329ppk). Newry farmer £74 for 21.5kg (344ppk). Mayobridge farmer £72 for 21kg (344ppk).
Store lambs: Castlewellan farmer £61 for 18kg (338ppk), £59 for 18kg (322ppk). Annalong farmer £60.50 for 17kg (349ppk). Rathfriland farmer £60.50 for 16.5kg (350ppk), £60 for 17kg (340ppk), £57.50 for 16kg (340ppk).
Ewes: Warrenpoint farmer £101, £79, £78. Rathfriland farmer £90. Kilkeel farmer £80, £69. Rostrevor farmer £66. Hilltown farmer £64.
In lamb ewes shown by a Banbridge farmer fetched to £200, £130, £120, £105.
Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon (Yonhap)
South Korea's top economic official on Monday called for vigilance against potential volatility in the local financial market over heightened tensions between North Korea and the United States."The impact of (North Korean threats) on the financial and foreign exchange market is now expanding to the global level. A small shock will highly likely intensify market volatility,"Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon said in a policy meeting in Seoul."The government will not let its guard down and maintain a watertight posture with strengthened risk management."Tensions have spiked on the Korean Peninsula as North Korea and the United States exchanged bellicose rhetoric after the UN further tightened sanctions on North Korea for its two tests of intercontinental ballistic missiles last month.North Korea announced a plan to launch ballistic missiles toward the US Pacific territory of Guam. In response, US President Donald Trump has said the US military is "locked and loaded" to deal with North Korea's provocations and North Korea would be met with "fire and fury" if it continued to threaten the US.Some investors sought safer assets in the South Korean financial market amid security jitters.The benchmark KOSPI closed at 2,319.71 points Friday, down 3.1 percent from a week earlier, while the Korean won lost ground to 1,143.5 won against the US dollar from 1,125 won over the one-week period.Kim said the South Korean government will closely look into financial data, such as foreign reserves, short-term external debts and foreign exchange liquidity in financial institutions, in order to ease any possible financial concerns."The government will strengthen around-the-clock monitoring of the market and take immediate action in accordance with its established contingency plan," Kim said.On Wednesday, Kim is set to hold a luncheon meeting with Bank of Korea Governor Lee Ju-yeol in Seoul to assess the situation in the financial markets and discuss measures to stabilize the markets, if necessary, according to the central bank.The meeting would be the second since the finance minister took his job in June. The two met in June and they agreed that the government and the central bank will use a "policy mix" -- a combination of fiscal and monetary policies -- as the government is pushing to create jobs and secure growth potential. (Yonhap)
SYDNEY, Australia — Paul Okon has quit as Central Coast Mariners coach with four regular season games remaining in Australia's A-League.
Okon, an ex-Australia international who commenced his managerial career working with national youth squads, joined the Mariners last season and had been negotiating with the club to extend his contract beyond 2017-18.
The Mariners released a statement Tuesday saying Okon and the club accepted an immediate release after failing to agree on the strategic direction and plans for the team.
The Mariners' youth coach Wayne O'Sullivan has been appointed as a caretaker for the A-League team.
Liverpool Transfer News: Salah wants to leave, Roma demand high price for goalkeeper and more - May 30
Here are all the Liverpool transfer updates from the day in one place!
Will Jurgen Klopp let go of his star player this season?
Mohamed Salah wants to leave Anfield
Egyptian striker, Mohamed Salah, who found the back of the net 44 times last season, has asked his representatives to handle his departure from Liverpool in the ongoing transfer window, according to reports from Spanish media outlet, Don Balon.
The forward has been heavily linked to Real Madrid in the last couple of weeks, and might very well make his way to Spain to contest in the La Liga next season. The Reds have set a price of £175 million on their star player and the Los Blancos certainly have pockets that are deep enough to fulfil that demand.
Alisson to come with a high price tag
The Reds have accelerated their efforts of signing a top-class goalkeeper before the commencement of next season, especially after errors from Loris Karius cost Liverpool dearly in the final of the UEFA Champions League last week. They have been linked with the Roma goalkeeper, Alisson, over the past few days.
The Brazilian won't come at a cheap fee though, according to recent reports from The Guardian. The Serie A club wants at least £79 million for their goalkeeper and won't let him go without getting significant financial profit in return.
Christian Pulisic's father dismisses reports of Liverpool move
Christian Pulisic, who has been a prime target for Premier League clubs this season, is touted to leave Borussia Dortmund in the ongoing transfer window. However, in an interview with Sky Sports, the midfielder's father, Mark Pulisic, claimed that the reports about his imminent move to England are 'hogwash'.
"He was linked to Tottenham. Last week it was Liverpool. The week before, Manchester United. The week before.. this: it's hogwash," the German footballer's father stated in the interview.
In this May 22, 2018 photo, a staff member works in a circuit board manufacturing facility in Hangzhou in eastern China's Zhejiang province. A monthly survey shows that Chinese factory activity rose to an eight-month high in May 2018, in a positive sign for the world's no. 2 economy. (Chinatopix via AP)
After Hitting Record Low In December, African-American Unemployment Rate Rises
U.S. employers added 200,000 jobs to payrolls in January, a big improvement from December. The Labor Department report, released Friday morning, showed unemployment unchanged at 4.1%. But there was one surprise: African-American unemployment shot up after hitting a record low in December.
ARI SHAPIRO, HOST:
And now to the economy, stocks took a sharp dive on Wall Street today. We'll hear about that in a few minutes. Despite that market drop, there was some good news for workers today. The U.S. economy continued to add jobs at a healthy clip in January and, on top of that, provided the strongest wage gains in years. NPR's John Ydstie has more.
JOHN YDSTIE, BYLINE: Carl Tannenbaum, chief economist at Northern Trust, says today's employment report shows the U.S. economy continues to have a lot of energy. After all, businesses added 200,000 jobs to their payrolls in January.
CARL TANNENBAUM: And in addition, we saw the strongest rate of wage increase since 2009.
YDSTIE: Wages rose 2.9 percent over the past year. And Tannenbaum says higher wage growth will support more economic activity.
TANNENBAUM: The increases in income that we're seeing will be a boost to consumption going forward.
YDSTIE: The White House suggested the big corporate tax cut might have contributed to the wage gain, but Tannenbaum says it's probably too early to see the tax cut's effects. Economist Heidi Schierholz says some credit should go to minimum wage hikes in 18 states and 20 cities in January.
HEIDI SCHIERHOLZ: So by our estimates, more than 4.5 million workers at the low end of the labor market got a raise.
YDSTIE: There was one disappointing number in today's report - a sharp rise in the unemployment rate for African-Americans. It rose nearly a full percentage point after reaching a historic low in December. But Schierholz, the former chief economist at the Labor Department, is skeptical.
SCHIERHOLZ: I don't actually think the labor market deteriorated for black Americans in January.
YDSTIE: She says that number is volatile because of a small sample size. Better to look at a three-month average, she says, which would put black unemployment at 7.2 percent.
SCHIERHOLZ: That compares to 4.1 percent unemployment overall. So we still have very disparate outcomes by race in the labor market.
YDSTIE: But the tighter the labor market gets, the more progress that can be made on that front. John Ydstie, NPR News, Washington.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
WILMINGTON — Wilmington High School is planning to offer a unique theatre opportunity to its students as well as the community.
The goal of the “24 Hour Extreme Theatre Experience!” is to take a performance from concept to completion by creating a show based on the folktale and children's book “Stone Soup.”
Students will begin on Friday evening, May 4 and during the entire 24 hours the students, under the direction of Mr. Ken Lydy, will write a script, cast the show, design and build a set, choose costumes, rehearse, set light and sound cues and then perform the show — on Saturday, May 5.
“Basically we are going start to finish,” said Lydy.
“The challenge is to only use items and materials we have available on hand, on stage, and in our scene shop storage,” he said. “There will be no purchasing new costumes, props or set pieces … all done in-house.
He said that another fun part of this event will be how the show is presented.
”There are no advanced ticket reservations. Tickets will be sold at the door on a first-come, first-served basis,” said Lydy.
“The Auditeria will be set with tables and chairs. In the back of the Auditeria will be a buffet line offering a small assortment of soups for audience members to enjoy. On the table will be crackers, and when people purchase their ticket, they are able to select a bowl of soup, sit at the table, eat and watch the show.”
The actual performance is Saturday, May 5 at 7:30 p.m. in the Wilmington High School Auditeria. Tickets are $10. The house opens at 7 p.m.
Come enjoy a bowl of soup and watch a performance literally created in 24 hours. If you have any questions please contact the WHS Box Office at 937-283-7235.
http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/04/web1_Wilm-Letter-1.jpg
Send this to a friend
Hi! A visitor to our site felt the following article might be of interest to you: Throwback Thursday: Park circa 1966. Here is a link to that story: https://www.wnewsj.com/news/76457/throwback-thursday-park-circa-1966
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
President Donald Trump pauses while speaking in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House in Washington, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)
President Donald Trump is saying that "racism is evil" as he condemns the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists as "criminals and thugs."
He is speaking in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House after meeting with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI director Christopher Wray about the race-fueled violence Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump has come under fire for his comments Saturday that "many sides" are to blame for the violence. In those remarks, he did not single out white supremacists or any other hate group, even as Republican lawmakers and others in his White House did condemn them by name.
The first Jacksonville Jaguars practice in their new indoor facility yesterday featured the kind of performance that has fueled calls for the ousting of quarterback Blake Bortles. During 11-on-11 drills, Bortles was picked off by linebacker Paul Posluszny, returned promptly for a touchdown. He was also picked off in 7-on-7s by cornerback Tyler Patmon, naturally returned as well for a pick-six.
Jaguars LB Paul Posluszny picked off Blake Bortles and returned it about 30 yards for a TD in 11-on-11. Looked… https://t.co/ws1xhNqI5c — Michael DiRocco (@ESPNdirocco) August 13, 2017
Another pick six for QB Blake Bortles. CB Tyler Patmon gets him in 7-on-7. Bortles again trying to complete a… https://t.co/UlZPV3hzMb — Michael DiRocco (@ESPNdirocco) August 13, 2017
To add fuel to the fire, Chad Henne received reps with the first-team, and by all accounts, looked as fans would expect an effective starting quarterback to look after the first preseason game. Or, at the very least, a starting quarterback that doesn't give you pause by emulating in practice the same game-changing turnovers that we'd expect to have moved on from at this point in his career. Henne looked comfortable with wide receiver Allen Robinson, as well as the rest of the first team.
Chad Henne working with the first-team offense and Brandon Allen working with second-team offense in this set of… https://t.co/QQH4It4Rwl — Michael DiRocco (@ESPNdirocco) August 13, 2017
Henne is out here throwing dimes to Allen Robinson. #Jaguars — Mike Kaye (@mike_e_kaye) August 13, 2017
This isn't to say that the Jaguars would be better off with head coach Doug Marrone naming Henne the starting quarterback tomorrow, but more so to say that there should be a sense of competition at the position. By adding that, the Jaguars would eliminate the comfort level that Bortles has developed with his inaccuracy and lack of care for the ball, especially late in games. As seen pointed out by Pro Football Reference, Bortles has thrown 11 career pick-sixes over the course of three seasons with 82 percent of those occurring in the third and fourth quarters.
The concern with the Jags current quarterback situation is that the staff has created a situation where Bortles doesn't have to fear for his job. In fact, Marrone has stated that Henne has already been named the official backup quarterback. Unless you're naive enough to believe that Brandon Allen is currently in competition for the starting job, that pretty much supports the fact that Bortles has nothing to worry about.
Jaguars coach Doug Marrone says team had planned on giving Blake Bortles a break. Thrown a lot of passes in… https://t.co/67sU23vhRE — Michael DiRocco (@ESPNdirocco) August 13, 2017
Marrone commented to the media after Sunday's practice that Henne was simply given time with the first-team to give Bortles a rest. We may be beyond the point of an open competition, especially considering Marrone's comments, but it's not going to stop the fan base's frustrations with the team's apathy in regards to Bortles' issues. Perhaps if Marrone and the organization had a change of heart and opened the starting position up for competition, Bortles might actually have a little motivation to not play as recklessly.
Considering all of the above, do you all feel that the Jaguars staff have gone about their quarterback situation the right way? Let us know in the poll below.
Mario Lemina: The youngster for whom Southampton broke transfer record
Southampton are not renowned for breaking their transfer record. But when they do, it turns a lot of heads.
@adityaupaadhyay by holdingmidfielder Opinion 14 Aug 2017, 09:30 IST
Southampton played a club record fee to acquire the services of Mario Lemina
No team has come back stronger than Juventus after being relegated. The side that was relegated in 2006 for their alleged involvement in a refereeing scandal has gone from strength to strength since their promotion to Serie A not only winning the league title on 6 occasions but also establishing themselves as European heavyweights.
Their success has largely been attributed to the side's ability to bring in the right mix of talented youngsters and experienced professionals and that has put a lot of their younger players under extensive scrutiny.
French youngster Mario Lemina is one such talented youngster who spent the last 2 years on the books of Juventus before moving to Southampton in the current transfer window and in this segment, we profile the 23-year-old.
Background
Born on 1st September 1993 in Libreville, Gabon, Lemina started his youth career at the French club Lorient at the age of 11.
After coming through the ranks of the Lorient academy, the Gabonese international was finally rewarded for his efforts in the youth side with his debut during the 2012-13 season and while he was used in a bit part capacity, he had done enough to merit a move to a bigger club and that opportunity arrived when Marseille swooped in to sign him for €4 million at the beginning of the 2013-14 season.
It was tough initially for the youngster as he found game time hard to come by, but that changed quickly when the then manager of Marseille Marcelo Biesla decided he was good to be given regular starts at the club in the subsequent season - and Lemina did not disappoint.
He made 23 league appearances during the season for Les Olympiens and played a critical role in the side finishing a respectable 4th in the League.
In 2015, Lemina began to attract the interest of several Premier League clubs such as Liverpool and Southampton. However, it would be Juventus who sealed his signature with an initial loan move which could be made permanent for €9.5 milion.
While he did play relatively often for the Turin club, especially during the 2016-17 season, he perhaps believed that he could achieve a lot more away from the club in terms of his development.
Lemina moved to Southampton in August for a club record fee of €15.4 million and if his performances in the SerieA were any indication, it would prove to be a good piece of business by the Saints.
Style of play and strengths
Though he is a versatile player who has shown the capability of playing on the wings as well as in the middle of the park when required to, Lemina's best performances for Juventus came when he was deployed as a central midfielder.
An industrious player, Lemina is very fluid with the ball at his feet and does not shy away from taking a man on and beating him with a mix of pace, power, intricate touch and skill on the ball.
In the last season, the player attempted 27 take-ons and completed 63% of them and that serves as an indication of how good he is with the ball at his feet.
However, you could move around with the ball with your feet and still not be able to contribute to your side's chances if you cannot help out your attack.
That was not the case with Lemina as he showed a good ability to maintain possession of the sphere (he was dispossessed just once every 225 minutes on an average last season) and a great passing range (he completed 90% of the passes he attempted last season)while also maintaining the tempo of the game to his team's benefit.
A central midfielder needs to do his fair share of dirty work in the middle of the park and Lemina is not afraid to get stuck in the boots of his opponents.
He is frequent and efficient with his tackling and also uses his vision to great effect so as to disrupt the opposition's rhythm with vital interceptions and blocks.
Weaknesses
If there is one glaring weakness in his game it has to be his decision making. The Gabonese international has the tendency to make the wrong decisions when going forward and while that did not negatively affect the results of the game at the Turin stadium, the story could be a lot different at St. Mary's Stadium.
The Premier League is an unforgiving platform where even the best of performers tend to pay for their poor decision making and Lemina will be no exception to that.
Another aspect of his game that he will need to improve upon is his discipline. Over the course of his short career, the player has developed a reputation for being a hot head and it would perhaps prove dangerous if he does not curb his aggressive instincts in a league where players are stereotyped easily.
Quotes on Lemina
Having paid a club record fee for the 23-year-old, it does not come as a surprise that the Saints believe that they have acquired the services of one of the brightest young talent in world football and their vice-president (football) did not fail to shower praise on the youngster.
"Mario is an outstanding talent who has already achieved a great deal in his career, winning a number of titles and gaining experience of playing on some of the biggest stages in world football. Investing in a player of Mario's quality and buying from a club like Juventus is a significant statement of intent from the club, and this is a purchase that has set another club-record fee. Mario will complement what is already an extremely strong group of midfield players in our squad, and we are excited about what he will bring to the group,” said Reed in an interview shortly after the unveiling of the Gabonese.
Lemina's abilities could make him pivotal to Southampton's chances of improving on their 8th placed finish from the last season.
What comes next?
His desire to find regular playing time is what is believed to have ensured his transfer to Southampton and Lemina will be keen to leave a mark on the Premier League when he is afforded an opportunity. He is way too talented to be left on the bench.
While he would take some time adapting to a new country, the midfielder possesses the right physical and technical approach and could prove pivotal to Southampton's chances of improving on their last season's 8th placed finish.
Bottom line
Lemina has already established himself as a regular with the Gabonese national team, having already made 9 appearances for the country and now must prove his mettle in a new league under a new manager.
The going will get tougher as he is now part of a mid table club in Southampton but that would also give him the opportunity to showcase to the footballing world that he can thrive in a more important role than he was deployed at Southampton.
As for Southampton, while they might have paid a club record fee for the youngster, we believe it is a smart piece of business, especially at a time when transfer fees are getting more and more astronomical by the day.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended higher on Wednesday, and the S&P 500 and Dow registered their biggest daily percentage gains since May 4, on signs of easing political turmoil in Italy and as a surge in oil prices boosted energy stocks.
The S&P 500's gains erased the losses of Tuesday, when the index posted its first 1 percent drop in May. Fears about instability in Italy and the possibility of the country's exit from the euro sent investors piling into safety assets on Tuesday. The U.S. Treasury market, on a total return basis, on Tuesday had its best day since at least July 2011, according to the Bloomberg Barclay's Treasury Aggregate Index.
Stocks reversed Tuesday's slide as Italy's 5-Star Movement made a renewed attempt to form a coalition government and called for euroskeptic Paolo Savona to withdraw his candidacy as economy minister.
The Italian government's successful auction of five- and 10-year bonds also assuaged concerns about the country's ability to finance itself after a sell-off in bonds on Tuesday resulted in the biggest one-day surge for two-year yields in 26 years.
Energy stocks .SPNY posted the biggest gains of the 11 major sectors of the S&P 500. The energy index rose 3.1 percent, its biggest one-day gain in seven weeks, as U.S. crude oil prices settled up 2.2 percent.
“The risk of Italy leaving the euro is remote,” said Kate Warne, investment strategist at Edward Jones in St. Louis. “It's a source of volatility but not a source of true concern for the financial markets.”
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 306.33 points, or 1.26 percent, to 24,667.78, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 34.15 points, or 1.27 percent, to 2,724.01, and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 65.86 points, or 0.89 percent, to 7,462.45.
FILE PHOTO: Traders work at the Citadel Securities post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., July 18, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
The Russell 2000 index of small-cap stocks rose 1.5 percent to end at an all-time closing high, buoyed by data confirming the strength of the U.S. economy. Small-cap U.S. companies generally are more domestically focused than their large-cap counterparts.
Payroll processor ADP's monthly report showed U.S. private sector employment increased by 178,000 jobs in May. The Commerce Department revised its estimate of first-quarter gross domestic product growth slightly downward, but economists estimate that GDP growth in the second quarter would rise above a 3 percent annual rate.
Cloud-based business software maker Salesforce.com (CRM.N) rose 1.9 percent and computer and printer maker HP Inc (HPQ.N) jumped 4.0 percent after both companies raised their full-year profit forecasts.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 4.05-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.13-to-1 ratio favored advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 28 new 52-week highs and two new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 197 new highs and 33 new lows.
Volume on U.S. exchanges was 6.83 billion shares, compared to the 6.59 billion average for the full session over the last 20 trading days.
The Cheyenne Masonic Lodge #133 and the Crawford Fire Department would like to thank everyone for supporting the Benefit Spaghetti Dinner for Eric Coogle. They are proud to present a check to Eric for his new motorized chair and medical bills. Pictured, back, l-r: Ti Barber, Jim Barber, Ivan Minor, Marty Creach, Joe Whiston, all with the Masonic Lodge and Mike Jones, Tim Malson, George Springer, Crawford Fire Department. Front: Dr. Dean Vaughan, Masonic Lodge; Eric Coogle, Nyla Coogle, Pat VeSteeg, Masonic Lodge and Timmy Cockrell, Crawford Fire Department.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Saudi Arabia says a ban on cinemas will be lifted early next year.
The conservative kingdom said the first cinemas were likely to open early next year.
"As the industry regulator, the General Commission for Audiovisual Media has started the process for licensing cinemas in the Kingdom," Minister of Culture and Information Awwad bin Saleh Alawwad said in a statement.
"We expect the first cinemas to open in March 2018.''
The ban was made in the 1980s in response to Islamist extremism and as recently as January the possibility of lifting it was was still being dismissed by leading clerics.
(Image: AFP)
Saudi cleric claims women shouldn't be allowed to drive because they 'have a quarter of a brain'
“Motion pictures may broadcast shameless, immoral, atheistic or rotten films,” said the grand mufti, Sheikh Abdulaziz al-Sheikh on TV, according to the Guardan.
“There is nothing good in song parties, for entertainment day and night, and opening of movie houses at all times is an invitation to mixing of sexes.”
The rules on film screenings have been relaxed in recent weeks with some screenings taking place as a precursor to the official lifting of the ban, according to Gulf News.
Religious hardliners see cinemas as a threat to cultural identity and was considered on of the 'red lines' that were not to be overturned - alongside women driving; a situation that was reversed in September 2017.
(Image: Lucas Film)
Woman dies in car crash during her first driving lesson — days after Saudi Arabia lifts ban on female drivers
But in the age of YouTube it is increasingly difficult to maintain the ban, artists have argued, as directors use the internet to get around the problem.
The decision is part of the government's Vision 2030, a series of cultural and economic reforms intended to bring the kingdom into a more modern era.
Vision 2030, launched in 2016 by the deputy crown prince, Mohammad bin Salman bin Abdulaziz, is also seeking to cut unemployment by increasing private sector investment by 25%.
Women in Saudi Arabia FINALLY allowed to watch sporting events in all-male stadiums after law change
Around a dozen Saudi films have been made in the past decade.
In 2013 Saudi received it's first ever Academy Award nomination with Wadjda, by Saudi female director Haifaa Al Mansour.
Saudi is hoping for further Oscar recognition this year with its first ever romantic comedy Barakah Meets Barakah, which premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival.
Saudi Arabia will return to moderate, open Islam and 'will destroy extremist ideas', says crown prince
What type of films will be eligible for screening is as yet unclear, though it is unlikely they will be allowed to watch The Last Jedi.
Among the film already screened include director Ali Kalthami's Wasati, the tale of a real-life 1990s event in which when a group of ultraconservatives disrupted a play at a Saudi university.
The film had one screening, significantly, at the same theatre where the play was shut down.
Perry Coneybeer, who left college at age 19 to work full-time at corporate file digitizing startup Ripcord, is alleging improper behavior by Ripcord CEO Alex Fielding. Coneybeer also alleges she was fired in retaliation for reporting a fellow employee to human resources.
In a Medium post published today, Coneybeer alleges Fielding told graphic, sexual stories involving other employees. One story was about an employee who allegedly sent Fielding porn, which Fielding then allegedly watched during the workday.
“He proudly told us he opened and watched the videos all the way through during the audits,” she wrote. “He then graphically described and pantomimed a sexual act called ‘gloving.' He explained the act several times–it seemed that he interpreted the confusion on our faces to mean that we didn't quite understand the mechanics.”
Fielding also allegedly had a bazooka next to his desk. But it wasn't just Fenkell who behaved improperly, Coneybeer writes. It was throughout the company.
What ultimately brought Coneybeer to go to HR was when an employee at a company holiday party allegedly made a joke to her boyfriend about raping her. Coneybeer said she reported this to her boss, who then escalated it to HR.
Ripcord fired the person who made the rape joke. But within one month, both Coneybeer and her boss were also let go. Coneybeer told TechCrunch she considered filing a lawsuit alleging wrongful termination and retaliation, but decided going this route may be more effective.
Coneybeer feels confident in telling her story because she did not sign the severance agreement upon being fired, she told TechCrunch. That agreement included a non-disclosure clause pertaining to speaking negatively of the company.
Ripcord, a company that uses robots to digitize paper records, has raised $85 million in total from Google Ventures, Kleiner Perkins, Legend Star, Lux Capital, Silicon Valley Bank, Telstra Ventures, Steve Wozniak and con Ventures.
TechCrunch has reached out to Ripcord and is waiting to hear back. Ripcord, in a statement to Business Insider, said its board is investigating Coneybeer's allegations and will take appropriate action, if needed. Ripcord also said it “cares deeply about fostering a positive workplace culture. Respect and integrity are absolutely integral to our ability to success.”
As for Coneybeer, she plans to return to school as a sophomore in September. She's also currently looking for internships in tech, with the hope that the industry can change.
“It disheartens me to think that this is the way the tech industry is right now,” she wrote. “I'm optimistic, though, that a change can be made. The first step is for people to come forward with their stories.”
In The Rockies, Climate Change Spells Trouble For Cutthroat Trout
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jonny Armstrong/USGS Jonny Armstrong/USGS
There's an unplanned experiment going on in the northern Rocky Mountains. What's happening is that spring is arriving earlier, and it's generally warmer and drier than usual. And that's messing with some of the fish that live there.
The fish is the iconic cutthroat trout. It's a native North American fish that thrives in cold, small streams. Explorer Meriwether Lewis of Lewis and Clark Expedition fame was among the first European-Americans to catch this spangly, spotted fish. He used deer spleen as bait.
It's relative rarity now makes it a favorite for catch-and-release anglers. But biologists have now found that it's in danger. The much more common rainbow trout is invading cutthroat streams and mating with the native fish. Ecologist Clint Muhlfeld says that creates hybrids.
"It jumbles up the genes that are linked to the locally adapted traits that these fish have evolved with," says Muhlfeld, who's with the U.S. Geological Survey and the University of Montana's Flathead Lake Biological Station.
Those traits have allowed cutthroats to survive through millennia in cold northern streams. And cold streams were thought to protect them from rainbows, which prefer warmer water.
But climate change is warming many high-altitude streams, and they frequently have less water, another change that favors rainbows. So they're moving in.
Muhlfeld says that when rainbows and cutthroats breed, the resulting hybrids are feeble — "less fit," in biological terms. "They don't survive as well as the native fish," he says. And hybrids that do survive continue to make more hybrids; there's no going back to making cutthroats again.
Writing in the journal Global Change Biology, Muhlfeld and a team of scientists from several research institutions studied fish in hundreds of locations in the northern Rockies. Hybridization was widespread. It was most common in places where fish and game departments have introduced rainbow trout, a practice that goes back to the 19th century.
Some states are trying to solve the problem by getting rid of rainbow trout. That might not please some anglers, but Muhlfeld says the cutthroat species could disappear otherwise.
"There are so many places around the world where you can go catch a rainbow trout," he says; it's been introduced all over the world. "There are very few places where you can actually go and catch a native fish that's been around for thousands and thousands of years.
"Extinction is permanent. Once the native genomes and adaptive traits are gone, they are gone forever."
Then, while Skye was recovering from the second bone-marrow transplant, Savren-McCormick said, one of her eyes started to swell and doctors diagnosed her with a second form of cancer — post-transplant lymphoproliferative disease. It had attacked her eyelid, both sides of her neck, her chest and her spinal column, her father said.
She needed chemotherapy, which wiped out the bone marrow — meaning she needed another transplant.
Savren-McCormick said that because there are regulations on donations, they returned to the Be the Match registry and found another donor — this time, using peripheral blood stem cells instead of the bone marrow. But, the father said, "if Hayden hadn't donated her bone marrow, our daughter would not have made it [to] her other donation. She got us to a place where we could survive this."
But Ryals said she didn't save the toddler.
"It has always been the other way around," she said. "She helped me. She saved me. … She's the real hero."
Over the past year, the two families stayed in contact with each other but had never met face to face. In March, Ryals sent Skye a very special present for her third birthday — an Elsa doll from the movie "Frozen," a Poppy blanket from "Trolls" and an invitation to her wedding.
"I said I wanted them to know how much I love them and how much they're wanted," Ryals said. She said that though she knew it was a long shot, she mentioned how nice it would be for Skye to be her flower girl.
Skye's father said the toddler was on oxygen at the time and battling graft-versus-host disease, a complication from stem-cell transplants. But, he said, as the wedding date approached, Skye got better, so they took her to Hartford.
Ryals and Skye met for the first time in the church a day before the wedding. Ryals said that when she walked in, she was overwhelmed with emotion. She walked over to Skye, she said, and fell to her knees.
Ryals said Skye's mother asked the toddler who Ryals was and she responded, "Hay-Hay," her nickname for Ryals. Then she hugged Ryals.
"It was like a fairy tale," Ryals said. She said she thought, " 'I can't believe I'm finally meeting this little girl.' ... It was unreal. It was magical."
On June 9, Skye entered the chapel, paving the way with flower petals just as she had been practicing — step, step, drop — her father said.
Ryals said there was not a dry eye in the church.
"It was amazing to me how many heart strings she tugged on all at once," she said.
Then Ryals walked down the aisle to marry her groom, Adrian, carrying a bouquet draped with something from Skye and her parents — a gold locket with Skye's picture tucked into one side and a message engraved on the other: "This heart beats with yours."
"I've never been able to describe our bond. I've never been able to explain it," she said. "That was the most perfect way I have ever heard it described."
During the ceremony, Skye sat quietly on the steps at the altar, playing with the leaves on a nearby fern and pulling on the bow on her dress.
Ryals said that she feels like she has known Skye and her parents her entire life.
Skye's father agreed.
"It's sort of like we got a new family in Alabama and it's been joyous," he said.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Orion Equities Ltd:
* SEEKS TRADING HALT PENDING ANNOUNCEMENT ON ‍BENTLEY CAPITAL LIMITED IN WHICH COMPANY HAS A 26.95% INTEREST​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Haas uses hot putter to shoot seven-under 64
* Fan favourite Fowler heckled at ‘party' hole
* Thomas also disappointed by raucous gallery (Updates with more quotes, recasts)
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Bill Haas found his long lost putting touch and rode his luck for a two-stroke lead in the opening round at the Waste Management Phoenix Open in Arizona on Thursday.
On a day when Rickie Fowler was heckled by the raucous gallery, and Player of the Year Justin Thomas had a late meltdown, Haas “got lucky” on the greens as he recorded a seven-under-par 64 at TPC Scottsdale.
“The putter was hot the first nine holes,” Haas, a six-times PGA Tour winner, told reporters after a round that included a 30-foot birdie at the second hole, his 11th.
“I kind of hit a bad putt but it hit the back of the cup and went in,” he said.
“So one of those days where I could have easily three-putted that if it had run by, but it went in and saved two shots there basically.”
After starting the season with two missed cuts followed by a tie for 54th, Haas was not getting too carried away by his good start.
“This is only one round,” he said. “I‘m not saying I‘m cured (of recent putting woes) by any means.”
Fowler joined a group of four fellow Americans at five-under 66, with his lone bogey coming at the par-three 16th hole, which is famous for its rowdy fans who eschew usual golf etiquette by routinely booing bad shots.
But Fowler thought they went too far.
“I may be somewhat of a fan favorite, but they weren't holding back,” he said.
“I was a little disappointed in some of the stuff that was said and I don't want much negativity -- the normal boos for missing a green, that's fine, but leave the heckling to a minimum and make it fun.”
Thomas also heard from the gallery when he ran up a double-bogey at the 16th, and he also made a mess of the par-four 17th, where he pitched his second shot from 50 yards over the green into a water hazard on his way to a bogey.
“Two birdie holes and to play those three-over today is definitely disappointing, but the fact that I did that and I‘m still more than right there in a great position is definitely a positive note that I can leave today with,” he said after shooting a 68.
Thomas was also upset by the crowd, particularly a scream from a spectator during Jordan Spieth's tee shot at the last.
“That girl just yelled right in Jordan's down swing,” Thomas said. “I was so upset. It doesn't matter who it is, whether it's me or Jordan or anybody else in the field, I mean there's just no place for that.”
PanARMENIAN.Net - "Beauty and the Beast (2017)" never fails to keep our excitement up for the movie release. On Tuesday, February 14, Luke Evans, who plays Gaston in the movie, appeared on "Good Morning America" and debuted the new version of "Gaston Song", which was featured in the 1991 animated movie, AceShowbiz reports.
While the melody still sounds the same as the original one, the new version features new lyrics. The short clip offers a brief preview of LeFou, portrayed by Josh Gad, leading others to sing "Gaston Song" along with him. Gaston, on the other hand, still with his outsized arrogance, enjoys the song while sitting down on a chair like a king. Once LeFou finishes his line, Gaston continues the song before everyone in the tavern joins in at the end of the sneak-peek video.
Evans told Entertainment Weekly back in 2015 on the filming set, "We have lines that were not in the original." He continued, "The guys did at Disney reviewed all the transcripts and recordings, they've been able to go back through those hours and hours of recorded footage, and listen to lyrics that were written and never used, which are actually gems." The actor later added, "For the audience who know the song immensely well-which I think is most people-you will hear a few new lines, which are really really special."
Directed by Bill Condon, "Beauty and the Beast" live-action movie will feature Emma Watson as Belle and Dan Stevens as the Beast/Prince. Also starring in the movie are Kevin Kline, Ewan McGregor, Stanley Tucci, Ian McKellen and Emma Thompson.
The movie will hit U.S. theaters on March 17.
A decade after the first delivery of a Kodiak 100, Quest Aircraft has unveiled the next generation of the Kodiak 100: Series II.
In the Kodiak 100, Series II, the standard equipment list has been expanded to include Garmin's next generation G1000NXi, as well as an Angle-of-Attack indexer, digital 4-in-1 standby, Flight Stream 510 and a two-year subscription to the Kodiak Mobile App, backed by Garmin Pilot.
The Series II also raises the bar for creature comforts, according to company officials.
In the cockpit Quest added two new gloveboxes for additional cockpit storage, improved Rosen sun visors for better UV protection and ergonomics, and incorporated LEMO plugs for hardwired Bose headsets.
The cargo doorstep has been redesigned to reduce weight and improve functionality, and fuselage seals have been enhanced to provide even better soundproofing and cabin ventilation, company officials note.
Additionally, a single point refueling station is now an available as an option, designed to give the owner a simple, clean and easy way to refuel both wing tanks using a single port.
Prior to the release of the Kodiak 100, Series II, the Kodiak underwent a consistent flow of upgrades to each new model year. More than 200 enhancements have been incorporated into the Kodiak platform since its 2008 introduction, including the addition of two entirely new interiors, an increased landing weight, and the integration of the Garmin GFC 700 AFCS.
The Kodiak 100, Series II is available for order immediately, and customer deliveries are already underway.
People sometimes ask me whether it's difficult reviewing movies made by filmmakers whom I've gotten to know personally, and the answer nearly always is: That's why I don't. It's far easier to recuse oneself (that is, to claim “conflict of interest” and step away) than to run the risk of pulling one's punches so as not to upset an acquaintance. “The Music of the Silence” is the exception, and it's no pleasure to report that the film makes nearly every wrong decision imaginable, beginning with its source material — a mushy third-person memoir by Andrea Bocelli in which the Italian opera tenor describes how blindness, prejudice, and waves of humiliation and discouragement nearly convinced him (or a character blandly named Amos Bardi) to abandon singing altogether. A toothless ode to a still-living celebrity, it's a film that may appeal to very young children and very old ladies, but seems sure to bore everyone in between.
I met director Michael Radford while serving on a film festival jury in Monte Carlo last year, and I found him to be as erudite and charming as they come: Unlike so many filmmakers, he was not a born cinephile, and did not see his first movie until he was nearly 20 years old. In the space where other directors so often distract themselves with a single-minded obsession for cinema, Radford is a more broad-ranging cultural omnivore, and his work is rich in its love of language (he is perhaps best known for “Il Postino,” about Cuban poet Pablo Neruda's years of exile in Italy) and literature (his adaptation of George Orwell's “1984” found fresh relevance upon its re-release last year).
More Reviews Rotterdam Film Review: 'Insect'
Radford speaks fluid Italian, which explains why he returns again and again to the country in his films — from his debut, “Another Time, Another Place” (of which he's joking remembers New York Times critic Bosley Crowther's diss: “that is what people who go to see it would probably like it to be”), to 2004 Shakespeare adaptation “The Merchant of Venice” — and may have something to do with his choice of projects in “The Music of Silence,” a lugubrious and all-around joyless work of hagiography by any measure. If I seem less interested in Bocelli than I do in Radford (who comes to this project following the scandalous implosion of a film called “The Mule”), that's simply because the movie gives us no reason to care about young Amos' uphill struggle.
Because Amos is a one-dimensional stand-in for Bocelli, we know that the first few decades were tough, but that things turn out marvelously for him once he reaches the Sanremo Music Festival at age 34, where his performance of Italian rock star Zucchero's “Miserere” achieved record scores. Like Bocelli, Amos is diagnosed with glaucoma as an infant, and loses his sight completely by the age of 12 — at which point, his mother (Luisa Ranieri) throws her hands to the heavens and breaks down in tears. What will her son do? (Why, he will become a world-famous pop-era singer, of course.)
Amos discovers music early and displays an aptitude for singing from a young age, but suffers an embarrassing setback when his voice cracks while singing at a family wedding. Should he give up singing? (Did Bocelli?) Later, after a detour spent studying law, he begins playing piano at a nightclub. His father (Jordi Mollà) asks an opera critic to come listen and offer his feedback. The professional sneers that Amos has no discipline and doesn't stand a chance professionally, receiving a glass of water in the face as payment. Does that dissuade Amos? (Did it deter Bocelli?)
Finally, after a long first hour, Amos finds his maestro (Antonio Banderas), who hears potential in the largely untrained student, but insists that Amos not talk or sing except when absolutely necessary until such time as he learns how to use his voice properly. Banderas asks whether Amos has a girlfriend (he does) and whether she is “willing to accept the boring, extremely irritating person you will become after my lessons” (she is). A better question might be: Are we?
Not that Amos was ever very interesting or charming to begin with. As a young adult, he's played by Toby Sebastian, one of the seemingly endless number of “Game of Thrones” bit players who've launched movie careers off the back of that popular HBO series. Sebastian is handsome enough, with big full lips and an adorable layer of baby fat, but his imitation of a shy, vision-impaired singer is frustrating. Perhaps the most fascinating aspect of Bocelli's book is the fact that he doesn't depict his blindness as a handicap, whereas Sebastian's performance (so directed by Radford) treats it with far too much pathos, or else with such hollow aphorisms as, “The sun always comes out after the storm. Have faith, Amos!” (Over the end credits, we learn that Bocelli attributes his success to God and to love, but even if this is true, it doesn't make for especially satisfying drama.)
The larger obstacle here is the decision to film Bocelli's story in English, which requires a decent but uninteresting cast to deliver their lines through heavy accents. When it comes time for Amos to sing, there's no hesitation to dub his voice — which never once appears to originate from within the actor's chest — so why not allow the cast to speak their native language?
“The Music of Silence” is a film of many mysteries, though the most fascinating ones are not reflected on-screen. Who is this film for? If intended for Bocelli's worldwide fans, why not incorporate the singer himself into the film's telling in some high-concept way? If Bocelli's following is greatest in his native Italy, why not make the film in Italian? And if it's the music that interests most about Bocelli, why isn't there less moping and more singing in the movie? If Radford and I had maintained some kind of friendship, I might be able to answer these questions for you here. At least I take some comfort in knowing that, like Bocelli, Radford knows how to bounce back from a bad review.
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge Pause
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of his wife
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of his wife
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
0:58 Little Rebekah is Manatee's first baby of 2017
1:22 Acapulco Tropical co-owner on opening second Bradenton location
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Hunan Er-Kang Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* SAYS OWNER'S 231.8 MILLION SHARES IN THE COMPANY PLEDGED TO HUAFU SECURITIES, CITIC SECURITIES, HAVE TRIGGERED MARGIN CALL Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2E5TST5 Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Workers are putting the finishing touches on a new putting green at North Carolina's Moore County Airport (KSOP), which serves the golf-crazy village of Pinehurst, N.C.
“Pinehurst is the golf capital of America,” said Dan Maples, the golf architect who designed the new putting green. “Go anywhere in the world and mention Pinehurst and people know about our village and the story of golf in America.”
The airport already features a large sign that faces the runway and states, “The Aviation Gateway to the Home of American Golf.”
The low-maintenance putting green replaces a weed-filled traffic circle in front of the main terminal building.
A bulldozer carved three small hillocks into the previously flat lawn.
According to airport officials, 12″ inches of loose rock was poured, shaped and rolled as the base for the green, followed by 4″ to 6″ of fine draining gravel. Approximately 10 tons of sand was worked by hand into the surface.
Stone walls emulate the steep-sided “pot bunkers” of Scotland while shrubbery, evoking Scottish gorse, was planted with the help of students from the local high school.
Overall, the design is intended as homage to the traditions of golf, Old Tom Morris and Donald Ross, airport officials said.
“It's not quite finished, but it already looks spectacular,” said Ron Maness, acting airport manager. “It's going to be a great, friendly reminder that our visitors have arrived at the ‘Home of American Golf.'”
Putters and golf balls will be available for visitors to borrow.
Officials note that no other airport in the U.S. has a large, outdoor putting green. The Minneapolis-St. Paul Airport has a putting green for passengers who have cleared security. The West Palm Beach, Florida, airport and the Wilmington, N.C., airport offer visitors small, inside putting greens. The only known outdoor putting green was at the Palm Springs International Airport in California, but the space was redeveloped some years ago.
The putting green was entirely funded with private donations, no tax money was involved. The largest donation was from the Dormie Network in Pinehurst, which is comprised of four private/semi-private executive-style golf courses around the U.S.
Dormie Club's Zach Peed explained that many of the club's visitors arrive by air into Moore County Airport, where the putting green will be a pleasant surprise.
“Dormie Network is a national collection of destination golf clubs supporting corporate entertainment, buddy trips, and genuine hospitality,” he said. “It makes sense to our members that we greet them with a golfing theme as they step off their planes.”
Aviation and Golf in North Carolina
Aviation and golf both have long and parallel histories in North Carolina.
Bostonian James Tufts basically invented the modern golf industry in America when he bought 5,800 acres in Pinehurst and laid out the first course in 1897-1898. The soon-to-be famous Donald Ross, who served an apprenticeship with Old Tom Morris in St Andrews, arrived as the golf professional at Pinehurst in 1900. Dan Maples' grandfather, Frank Maples, worked with Donald Ross as his construction superintendent on the famous courses at Pinehurst, Mid Pines, Pine Needles, Southern Pines, and Roaring Gap.
While Ross was digging bunkers at Pinehurst, 250 miles to the east another revolution began. In 1903 the Wright brothers made their historic, heavier-than-air flight at Kill Devil Hills on the Outer Banks. This event is featured on North Carolina license plates. Today, general aviation supports about $4 billion in economic output in North Carolina, including an estimated 23,000 jobs.
Moore County Airport, which is labeled “Pinehurst” on certain aviation charts, was built in 1929. It served as an Army training airfield during World War II. Numerous celebrities have flown into the airport, including Amelia Earhart. Peggy Kirk Bell, one of the pioneers of the Ladies Professional Golf Association, flew from the airport and was the first professional golfer of either gender to pilot a plane to tournaments.
“Golf is the heart of the Pinehurst experience,” noted Barry Lerman, a member of the Airport Authority. “For many prestigious visitors, this airport is their entrance into our world of golf. To feature golf at our airport is living proof the airport is intimately linked to our golf heritage we all enjoy here.”
The airport boasts a 6,500′ runway, ramp space for more than 50 airplanes, and instrument approaches and lighting. There are about 90 hangars, about 100 airplanes, aircraft maintenance services, a flight school and a dozen aviation-related businesses at the airport. There are about 6,000 operations from the airport annually, including visiting aircraft from near-by Fort Bragg. The State of North Carolina estimates Moore County Airport adds about $30 million annually into the local economy.
Looking to the future, airport officials said they have an eye on even more improvements. A large portion of the ramp will be replaced before the Ladies U.S. Open returns to Pinehurst in in 2022 because the old ramp cannot support the weight of modern corporate jets. The main runway will be repaved before the Men's Open returns in 2024. Other upgrades and expansions also are planned.
By Dylan Deprey
When State Senator Lena Taylor asked for a superior about bad customer service during an early April visit at the Wells Fargo on Wisconsin Ave., she thought she was asking for accountability from the staff, not a month-long firestorm from political and media entities.
After Milwaukee police, an alleged racial slur and a citation were involved, Taylor's question regarding a status of a tenant's check had eventually gained national attention.
The police report was released to local media before the MPD review was complete, and Taylor was given a $195 disorderly conduct ticket.
The report stated that the bank teller and several witnesses heard Taylor call the worker a “good house (N-word).”
Taylor said there were several discrepancies in the report, which included the alleged racial slur and the way she was portrayed.
“I said ‘A good house Negra,'” Taylor said during a press conference May 9. “The report made it sound like I used the N-word.”
Taylor said the term, “Negro” has many variations in the Black community. She added that during the incident, she was expressing her disappointment in the bank teller for not giving his superior's information.
“I'm saying, ‘it's not ok young man,' even if your boss tells you to do something wrong,” Taylor said.
She added that the surveillance video and the officer's body camera footage also showed a different story than told in the police report.
Wells Fargo surveillance cameras first showed Taylor unhappy with the employee and later being confronted by an MPD officer. The report claimed she was yelling and waving her arms and pointing towards the employees behind the desk. The officer claimed in report that he stepped in between Taylor and an employee in fear that she would strike them.
The surveillance video doesn't show Taylor attempting to threaten or even raise her hands at employees.
“He can't call her that and imagine the fireworks from the other direction,” the officer stated during the exchange with a Wells Fargo employee.
Taylor said that being an outspoken Black woman and demanding accountability was characterized as anger during the exchange.
Nearly a month after the bank incident, a Human Resources complaint from a former employee was released.
The complaint claimed Taylor had harassed/discriminated the employee on the basis of their disabilities and light skin color, retaliated for not assisting with prior campaign election, retaliated against FMLA leave and bullied employees and staff.
The report stated that it found violations of FMLA and bullying, which consulted Taylor to antibullying and interpersonal communication training.
Taylor was then removed from her 15-year-seat at the Joint Committee on Finance after allegations of bullying an employee and discrimination.
“The complaint was made by a disgruntled employee who was both unable and in some instances unwilling to meet the requirements of the Madison based position, to include reporting to the state Capitol. Corrective measures were rebuffed or deflected with claims of unfair treatment. Furthermore, the employee received an $80,000 taxpayer-funded “no show, no work” arrangement for nearly a year for a process that should have been concluded in eighty days according to the Senate manual,” Taylor stated in a press release.
While surrounded by community advocates and supporters during a press conference, Taylor said the entire situation was blown out of proportion and that she would continue her fight in the legislature.
“I'm still Senator Taylor, and I still represent the 4th District,” Taylor said. “I still will be fighting for women and people in my community, and I still will be standing up against discrimination and minorities in this state.”
Facebook's Messenger Kids application, which allows children under 13 to chat with parents' approval, is today rolling out a small, but notable change – it no longer requires that the children's parents be Facebook friends with one another, in order for the children to connect. This solves one of the problems with the app's earlier design, where it operated more like an extension of a parents' own social circle, instead of one for their child.
Of course, parents still have to approve every contact their child adds, as usual.
As any parent understands, there are always going to be those friends of your child where you have an acquaintance-type, friendly but casual relationship with the parents that falls short of earning “Facebook friend” status. While you might text them for the occasional play date or nod politely at drop-off, you're not necessarily “friends.” But your kids are friends with each other. And you're fine with that.
The Messenger Kids update now allows those kids to connect, if you okay it.
The new feature will still require that both parents are on Facebook.
On Facebook, the parent visits the Messenger Kids section in Facebook's own main navigation menu, as per usual, and does a search for the name of the parents of the child's friends. You can then invite them to get the app and allow the children to connect.
This change could potentially help the app grow beyond the 325,000 installs it had as of April, according to Sensor Tower data – especially once the kids figure out how this invite system works. (And don't put it past them to just inform you.)
Facebook says it made this decision as a direct result of parent feedback.
However, there is one challenge in not being good friends with the other kids' parents: it can be harder to discuss problems like bullying or bad behavior, if they come up. With my daughter's half a dozen or so friends on Messenger Kids (hey, I know), I'm not worried about these things because I know the parents well enough to have a discussion if the kids start fighting. We'd work together to resolve the problems, were they to occur. (And obviously, her family connections on the app are not an issue).
But when you start approving connections with those families you're less close to, you may run into issues and not have a good way to communicate about them.
That's why Facebook should be working to roll out systems that flag concerns in kids' chat sessions – if a bad word is used, for example, or if the child says something rude – that alerts the child's own parents. The company already has A.I.-based anti-bullying technology that could do this now. And I imagine many parents would opt into a system that asks if you wanted to be alerted to offensive language in chats.
Even a simple chat and call log could help parents address problems – like tell me how often I need to remind my daughter that we don't place video calls to friends before 9 AM…even if you see them playing Animal Jam and know they're online. Rules are rules, kiddo.
As it stands now, the best way to monitor the child's chats is to install a second copy of the app on your own device and actually read them. That takes time and can be a little bit invasive for older kids, who have more of a sense of privacy.
The update is live today on the Messenger Kids app.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Cochin Shipyard Ltd:
* COCHIN SHIPYARD - CO & UNITED SHIPBUILDING CORP SIGNS MOU FOR DEVELOPMENT OF VESSELS FOR INLAND AND COASTAL WATERWAYS. Source text: [Cochin Shipyard Limited has informed the Exchange regarding a press release dated February 02, 2018, titled ”Cochin Shipyard Limited (CSL) & Joint Stock Company United Shipbuilding Corporation (USC), Russia today signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to collaborate and engage in Design, Development and Execution of High-End, State-of-Art vessels for Inland and Coastal Waterways] Further company coverage:
2005 - Ademola #Lookman (@RBLeipzig_EN) is the first English player to score in the #Bundesliga since Owen #Hargreaves back in 2005, when he also scored against #Mönchengladbach. Destiny. #BMGRBL pic.twitter.com/xny9jv4G5S
Camden Post 1577
Camden Post 1577 auxiliary meetings are the first Tuesday each month, at 7 p.m. Men's meeting is the second Tuesday of the month at 6 p.m.
James E. Ryan Post 322
The Senior Fun Bunch meets every Thursday from 1-4 p.m. for music and dancing. Euchre every Wednesday evening at 7 p.m. with a 50/50 raffle.
The Mary Lou Ruby Benefit will be held on Saturday, Oct. 14, from 2 p.m. until midnight. Rock the Juke Box will be held Friday, Oct. 20, from 7-11:45 p.m. A Kids Halloween Party will be held Thursday, Oct. 26, from 6-8 p.m. at James E. Ryan, Post 322, located at 1477 Ohio 503 South.
American Legion Post 215
American Legion Post 215, 1000 U.S. 35 West, Eaton, holds regular members' meeting 7 p.m. the second Monday of every month. Lunches available to the public Wednesday through Friday 11 a.m.-1 p.m. with free delivery. Call 937-456-5767. Chicken fry first Friday every month 6-8 p.m. $10. Public welcome. Marinated pork chop dinner is the second Friday every month, 6-8 p.m., $9. Public welcome. Fish dinners every third Friday 6-8 p.m., $9, public welcome. Check them out on FaceBook. Hall available for rentals to general public with seating capacity of 138. Call 456-5767 for details and reservations.
DAV meetings
Disabled American Veterans meets on the third Tuesday of every month at 7 p.m. at the American Legion Post #322 at 1477 503 South in West Alexandria. Members are encouraged to attend. Veterans looking for a home legion are welcomed to come. Active duty and younger veterans are encouraged to become members as well.
PC Veterans Service ID Cards
Preble County Veteran Services is now offering honorably discharged veterans the opportunity to have a picture identification card. You may obtain your ID card at Veterans Services at no cost to you. You must bring a copy of your DD214 verifying character of discharge. For additional information you may contact Veterans Services at 937-456-6111.
‘We Care' Program
In an effort to acknowledge the sacrifices of our local veterans and to promote spending within our own community, Preble County Veteran Services has launched a new program entitled “We Care”. Veteran Services will supply local honorably discharged veterans with an official “picture identification card” which would be presented to local businesses when making their purchases. The veteran would then receive a discount from the total cost of the purchase. We have 16 businesses' currently enrolled in the program. If your business would like to participate in this program, contact Veteran Services at 108 N. Barron St., Eaton.
The Durham Willing Workers had their February meeting on Tuesday the 7th at the Baptist Fellowship Hall. They completed the pecan sales, finalized the expenses for the fireman's dinner, and discussed two new projects for next year. We will review scholarships next month. Hostess Janna treated the members to Valentine refreshments of red velvet cupcakes, red wrapped candies, and mini pecan pie muffins and hot red punch.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
When it comes to video streaming companies, few are as iconic as Netflix. What started out as a DVD rental service quickly turned into the world's largest platform for binging old movies, classic TV shows, and a heap of original programming.
No matter if you're looking to cut your cable cord or simply want some extra content to supplement it, Netflix can be a great addition to any household's entertainment needs. To ensure it has exactly what you're looking for in a video service, here's everything you need to know! April 19, 2018: Mobile Previews are Netflix's take on Snapchat Stories
Ever since Snapchat popularized the Stories format, we've seen it expand to Instagram, Facebook, and even Google search. On April 19, Netflix announced it was launching its own take on stories with its Mobile Previews feature. Launching first on iOS and coming soon to Android, Mobile Previews will show up as circles at the top of the Netflix app and showcase a 30-second vertical preview of recommended shows. According to Netflix –
The previews are shown like a slideshow, so if you see something you like, you can tap to play or add to your list. If not, you can swipe or tap the screen to advance to the next preview.
Plans start at just $7.99/month Netflix has three main plans to choose from, including Basic, Standard, and Premium. Basic is the cheapest plan with a subscription fee of just $7.99/month, but since it's limited to Standard Definition and only allows you to have one stream going at a time, you'll likely want to upgrade to the Standard tier for $10.99/month. With Standard, you'll get access to HD streams and can watch Netflix on up to 2 screens at once.
If you've got a 4K television and/or have a big family that wants to use one account, Netflix's Premium plan will likely be the best fit. For $13.99/month, you'll get access to Ultra HD video content and can watch any shows you'd like on 4 different screens at once. New members can sign up for a 1-month free trial of whatever plan you'd like, and you can cancel at any time as there's no commitment required. T-Mobile customers get the Standard plan for free!
Netflix's current pricing is more than reasonable, but if you happen to be a T-Mobile customer, you'll get it for free! T-Mobile subscribers get Netflix's Standard plan bundled with their cell service at no extra charge, and if you want to upgrade to the Premium tier, you'll pay just $3/month extra. It's available on pretty much everything In addition to its excellent library of content, one of Netflix's strong suits is its wide availability across pretty much any gadget you can think of. For watching Netflix on the big screen, you can download its official app on Android TV, Amazon Fire TV, Roku, Apple TV, cast it from your phone using Chromecast, and access built-in apps across a variety of smart TVs and Blu-Ray players. You'll also find the Netflix app on Android, iOS, Windows Phone, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and from your desktop/laptop at netflix.com. Netflix's official list of all supported devices The Android app recently got a big overhaul Netflix's Android app is one of the best ways to access the service, and it recently got a big update that makes everything look much more polished. The old navigation menu on the left-hand side has been replaced for a simple navigation row at the bottom for Home, Search, Downloads, and More. Home is where you'll be taken upon opening the app and tapping the TV Shows, Movies, and Originals tabs near the top will allow you to quickly filter the content that's presented to you.
The Search and Downloads sections are pretty self-explanatory, and More is where you'll be able to switch profiles, customize notifications, and adjust all of your other account/app settings. Everything works about the same as it did before, but the new layout is still greatly appreciated and considerably easier to understand. New content's being added (and removed) all the time Every month, Netflix changes its content library by adding and removing titles from its lineup. The company's taken a big bet on original movies and TV shows over the last few years, but you can still find a wide array of third-party content, too. The Netflix app does a pretty good job at highlighting new/trending content as it's released, and Joseph Keller at iMore does a regular roundup of the best shows you should be watching at any given time. Best TV shows and movies on Netflix right now You can still rent physical DVDs Although renting physical DVDs to customers may not be its primary focus anymore, this is something that Netflix does still offer.
MiDrive, a U.K. startup that helps you learn to drive with a driving test app and instructor marketplace, has lost Scott Taylor as CEO, after he departed the company last month. He's been replaced by Asher Ismail, who previously joined miDrive as COO in May 2016.
Curiously, the move comes shortly after miDrive has raised £2 million in further funding. The ‘Series A2' round is led by Initial Capital and actually closed late last year.
I also understand it is £1 million less than the startup was seeking to raise as recently as April 2016, according to a pitch deck being passed to potential investors at the time.
Confirming Taylor's departure, Ismail said: “It was Scott's decision to resign and pursue a new opportunity. He did a great job in leading the business in its early stages. We wish him all the best for the future”.
Taylor himself declined to go on record, aside from issuing TechCrunch the following statement: “I left miDrive as my wife accepted a great opportunity in the U.S. Moving to the U.S. has been a long-term goal for both of us. MiDrive has good momentum having just closed its Series A financing. I think they will continue to do well and I wish them every success in the future”.
I have no reason to doubt that Taylor — who in January made Forbe's 30 Under 30 In Technology for Europe list — resigned from miDrive under his own volition. However, the timing of his departure does feel quite haphazard.
He officially stepped down as a company Director on 6th of January 2017, according to a regulatory filing, and as CEO on 7th of January, according to Ismail — just two days after Taylor emailed me pitching miDrive's Series A1 funding news.
After answering my initial questions regarding the fund raise, I was met with Taylor's Out of Office email reply until the 7th of February when I contacted Ismail instead, who informed me that he had taken over as CEO.
“The biggest thing to note is that miDrive has come a long way since 2014 but has come even further in the last six to eight months,” said Ismail, when I asked him what has changed since we last covered the company. “As with most startups which are a couple of years old, there comes a point where you have to push the business into the next stage and the company has to ‘grow up' and kick on — I feel like this is what we've been doing since the middle of last year”.
The middle of last year — or, specifically, May 2016 — is when Ismail was hired as COO, charged with commercialising and scaling miDrive, which until recently was generating little revenue and making a significant loss. The startup now claims “multiple revenue streams and a multi-million pound run rate”.
“I've spent a lot of my efforts streamlining the business, making sure we have more of a focus and a clear direction for the next three to five years,” Ismail says. “For us, we had to fundamentally shift away from being ‘just a directory' to running as a platform with a clear purpose of helping to raise the expectations and standards of the industry”.
Those changes mean that where miDrive used to have users, who made use of its driving theory app and instructor directory, it now has customers. “We used to be focused on just matching, now we take ownership of the full learning experience… we operate as a platform for instructors and learners by taking payments and gamifying the entire learning experience”.
Meanwhile, miDrive's founding story and list of backers is interesting. The company began life in 2013 as a spin-out of Holiday Extras when an employee, Matt Sutton, came up with the original driving instructor marketplace idea and presented it to his then boss Simon Hagger. The two developed the concept further, and Hagger pitched it to the Holiday Extras board for some seed funding and a small incubation team was set up to launch and test the concept.
Having done so, in early 2014 miDrive raised a £2 million Series A round (which saw Holiday Extras maintaining a majority of ownership) and Scott Taylor was brought on as CEO that April. In late 2016, the company closed a further £2 million led by Initial.
I understand that both Sutton — who also left miDrive this January! — and Hagger remain minor shareholders. As does Taylor via shares he will have accrued in his role as CEO.
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): Words cannot find description
as the fabulously flown avions whizzed past engrossed crowd
watching with held breath, the adroitly manoeuvered air
formations of Pakistan, Turkish and Saudi Air Forces on Monday
to add colour and sound to 70th Independence Day of Pakistan.
President Mamnoon Hussain was the chief guest on the
occasion. Chief of Air Staff, Air Chief Marshal Suhail Aman,
senior military officials, diplomats and a large number of
people were present on the sprawling Fatima Jinnah (F-9) park
to witness the skills of pilots.
The show was led by Pakistan Air Force pilots with
dazzling formation of Mirage jets and SAAB-2000, followed by
Augusta-139 helicopters with perfect left and right manouvers
by decreasing and increasing their speed.
To express solidarity with Pakistan on its independence
day, the Turkish and Saudi Air Forces participated in the show
to the amazement of the sky gazers.
The special appearance of “Solo Turk” the renowned
Turkish Air Force team, proved their acrobatic skills by
flying F-16.
A Turk pilot put the aircraft to an amazing limit by
emitting flare, adding spectacular display of visualization of
smoke-winders at its each tip.
The six Saudi Hawks with their criss-cross formations
was another feast for the senses which was reciprocated by
thunderous applause by the spectators.
The formation also presented salute to the President by
flying on lower altitude.
Pakistan Air Force MI7 helicopter hovered over the venue
dropping personnel of the elite Special Services Group whereas
PUMA helicopters also made a fly past.
These were effectively used by the Pakistan air force in
its campaigns against terrorists and rescue operation.
Then appeared on the horizon, JF-17 Thunder ‘the pride
of Pakistan' the multi-purpose aircraft which performed with
horizontal and inverted flying.
Another feature of the show was the Tri-Services free
fall display by Special Services personnel from Shahbaz, Sea
Eagle and Shelter teams at a speed of 180km per hour to 250km
per hour through nose-diving.
The skydivers landed at their specific ground marks on
the ground to the perfection of their skills.
A large number of people carrying national flags watched
the show with enthusiasm and kept on chanting patriotic
slogans and cheering every manoeuver.
Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria (AMCON) has called for the support of the present leadership in sustaining the improved attention to human capital development, science and technology.
The nation's “bad bank” said the support would serve as a way of moving the Nigerian economy away from a resource-based one to a knowledge-based model.
The Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer of AMCON, Ahmed Kuru, who gave the charge at the 2018 Institute of Directors (IoD) Fellows' Luncheon, in Lagos, said it is heartwarming to know that government is thinking diversification, which would ultimately launch Nigeria on the path of economic growth.
He said it was a shame that Nigeria has remained where it is today because of some bad decisions of the past, which denied it the desired economic growth.
However, he expressed optimism that Nigeria as a nation with enormous human and natural resources can still progress from being a third world country to a developed one with right political, social and economic decisions.
“It is good to know that the government has made science and technology a key part of the National Economic Recovery Growth Plan (ERGP), which underscores moving the economy away from a resource-based to a knowledge-based model,” he said.
But to emerge a strong economy among the comity of nations, the AMCON boss said there was need to discard the negative vices that the country has cemented itself, especially in political and social life.
Nigeria must be adaptable to development templates, as well as experiences of other countries around the world that have successfully used such models to change the narratives of their economies.
“Broadly speaking, from the experiences of advanced countries including the United States, China, Britain, Malaysia, Japan, South Korea, Singapore to those closer to us like Brazil, Russia, South Africa, what stands as reason or anchors for their progress is simply a commitment to some defined drivers of growth.
“These are human capital development, innovation, technology, strong institutions, democracy (freedom of choice) and governance. The two most important determinants are good governance and human capital development.”
Kuru reiterated that human capital can play key role in the economic development of Nigeria, noting that those countries that made sustained progress invested heavily in enhancing the stock of skills of its labor force by prioritising early childhood quality education, training and provision of health care.
This is because investing in human capital raises productivity of workers due to upgraded skills and better education, empowers them with capacity for new ideas and innovations,” he added.
The Amazon Fire Tablet is a great investment, but it tends to run out of space quickly. Here are some ways to expand it without breaking the bank.
Whether you got a Fire Tablet for yourself or your kids, you've probably noticed that the internal storage doesn't go very far. You can easily fill it up with some games, a few apps and media, which is a bit disappointing. Instead of trying to figure out what to delete, and how to better manage the storage, why not make things easier and add a microSD card so it can hold more?
There are tons of great microSD cards out there, and not all of them are expensive. Depending on your needs you can get cards with as little as 8GB or as much as 200GB. Picking the right card can be difficult, but here are some great options you will want to consider.
SanDisk 64GB microSD
SanDisk is a well-known brand when it comes to portable storage, and its cards are nearly always highly recommended. The company offers a bunch of different cards in different storage capacities, and this one is specifically made for the Fire Tablets and Fire TV. For most of what you will do with your Fire Tablet, the microSDXC UHS-I will be fast enough to meet your needs. It may take a few minutes longer for the initial transfer of information to the card, but after that, you won't notice much of a difference.
With 64GB of extra storage, you'll easily be able to install a ton of new apps, save music and movies locally to access whenever you want, and much more. Priced at $15, it's hard to find a much better value than this microSD card.
See at Amazon
Samsung 32GB microSD
Samsung has been making storage products for quite some time and has been offering extremely affordable microSD cards as well. You won't find the smaller sizes, like 8GB or 16GB from Samsung, but from 32GB all the way up to 256GB, you'll find great deals. This high-performance card offers transfer speeds of up to 80MB/s, and they are built to last. These cards are water, temperature, magnetic and even X-ray proof.
All of these good things must mean that it is on the pricey side, right? Wrong. A 32GB card will only set you back around $10, which is less than many people pay to go see a movie.
See at Amazon
Kingston Digital 64GB microSD
Kingston's 64GB microSD offers slightly higher read speeds than the others, at around 90MBps, and read speeds of 45MB per second. While these differences may be small, and only a few seconds each time, that can add up over the months and years that you use the tablet. Another great feature of the cards is the included SD adapter which allows you to put the microSD card in your computer, camera or anything else that takes a full sized SD card.
Coming in at just over $30 it is more expensive than some of the competition, but the included adapter and faster speeds help make up for the price difference.
See at Amazon
PNY Elite 128GB microSD
If you are looking for more storage, PNY may make the card for you. The company makes a variety of different sizes at different price points, and the 128GB sits at a pretty sweet spot. It may be more than you need initially, but having extra space is never really a bad thing. With it you can load tons of movies, endless amounts of apps and pictures, and have to worry very little about filling it up.
Of course, the more storage you get the more it will cost. PNY is quite reasonable with pricing, having this card listed at just under $40 right now.
See at Amazon
SanDisk 200GB microSD
200GB is the largest capacity that the Fire Tablet is meant to use, and you may just want to purchase a microSD of that size to put in and forget that it is there. Sure, 200GB is a lot of space to have, but do you want to have to worry about storage ever again? A few years ago it would have cost a fortune to put that much storage inside your tablet, but now it is totally affordable.
You can usually find a pretty good deal on this card, making it run anywhere from $65 to $80, which is a great price for how much it can hold. If you don't want to worry about what you have on the tablet or deleting one thing to install another, you'll want to get one of these right now!
See at Amazon
Your favorite?
Do you have a favorite microSD card that isn't listed here? If so, be sure to drop a link and brief description of why you like that one so others can check it out as well!
/
The Uber vehicle was operating in autonomous mode with a human behind the wheel in Tempe, Arizona, when the incident occurred overnight.
March 19, 2018 2 min read
This story originally appeared on PCMag
A woman in Tempe, Ariz., has died after being hit by a self-driving Uber vehicle.
ABC 15 Arizona reports that the Uber vehicle was operating in autonomous mode with a human behind the wheel when the incident occurred overnight. The woman, who has not yet been identified, was reportedly struck while walking outside of a crosswalk. She was taken to the hospital and later died from her injuries.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi posted about the incident on Twitter:
Some incredibly sad news out of Arizona. We're thinking of the victim's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened. https://t.co/cwTCVJjEuz — dara khosrowshahi (@dkhos) March 19, 2018
"Our hearts go out to the victim's family," an Uber spokesperson told PCMag in an email. "We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident."
The company has halted its self-driving car tests in Tempe, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
As The New York Times notes, this appears to be the first time an autonomous vehicle has killed a pedestrian on public roads.
Uber has been testing its autonomous vehicles in Tempe since February 2017. Around this time last year, a Volvo SUV fitted with Uber self-driving tech collided with another vehicle that failed to yield, causing significant damage but no serious injuries. Following that collision, Uber temporarily suspended its U.S. self-driving programs in Tempe, Pittsburgh and San Francisco.
Meanwhile, Google's autonomous test vehicles have been involved in several crashes over the years, including an incident in September 2016 when another car ran a red light and collided with a Google SUV. That same year, a more serious crash left a Tesla driver dead after his car, operating in "Autopilot," collided head-on with a truck.
The Vampire Diaries is nearing it's series finale, and many fans have been scouring the internet for spoilers about the final season. While not much is known, many viewers are holding out hope that actress Nina Dobrev will reprise her role as Elena Gilbert before the show takes it's finale curtain call. According to Carter Matt, Vampire Diaries spoilers and speculation reveal that another big death will take place in Season 8. The show's executive producer, Julie Plec, has confirmed that another character will bite the dust before the show's end, and that it will be “painful” and “terrible” to watch. However, which one of the characters will be the one to die? The only major characters that are currently human are Alaric, Matt, and Bonnie, but it seems that everyone is fair game due to the series ending. [Image by CW] The latest spoilers reveal that it will allegedly be Bonnie who dies. Bonnie, a witch who has lost her magic, is currently in a very serious relationship with Enzo, who is also a vampire. The theory is that Bonnie will somehow become a vampire. This could mean that something tragic happens to Bonnie, and Enzo, or one of the other vampires, will be forced to make her one of them. However, Bonnie could also choose to become a vampire. Bonnie and Enzo are completely in love, and that means they would only get to spend a few decades together before Bonnie grew old and eventually died. If the two wanted to be together forever, Bonnie would have to become a vampire. This means that Bonnie would technically die, and Elena, whose sleep state is currently linked to Bonnie's human life, would seemingly awaken. Another reason Vampire Diaries fans could possibly see Bonnie choose to become a vampire is because of Damon. Currently, Damon and his brother, Stefan, are under the control of the devil, Cade. The Salvatore brothers are being forced to work for Cade for a period of one year as they bring him the souls of sinners. Stefan has shut off his humanity in order to do so, and Damon hasn't been the same since the siren got her hooks into him. If Damon can't or won't return to the version of himself that he once was, his best friend, Bonnie, may choose to sacrifice her human life in order to bring Elena back. Elena's return would certainly jar Damon, and hopefully return him to the man he once was. [Image by CW] Vampire Diaries spoilers for the upcoming January 20 episode titled “The Simple Intimacy of the Near Tough,” reveals that Bonnie and Enzo will return home from a romantic getaway, and Caroline will notice something different about her friend. Bonnie will be wearing a vial of Enzo's vampire blood around her neck. Of course, this will have Caroline questioning if Bonnie is considering become immortal to spend her days with Enzo. However, this could also be a back up plan for any unexpected accidents that Bonnie may face in her future. Of course, Bonnie's death will likely only be tolerated by Vampire Diaries fans if it brings Elena back. However, actress Nina Dobrev has not been confirmed to return, and viewers have no idea if they'll ever see Elena again, or if she and Damon will finally get the happy ending everyone has been hoping for. The show, which returns from winter hiatus this month, will likely be stepping up it's game as it nears its final stretch and begins the countdown to the series finale in the spring. What are your thoughts on the latest Vampire Diaries spoilers? Do you think Bonnie will become a vampire? [Featured Image by CW]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Carlos and Mary Butler Padron have been presented one of Patterson Garden Club's Yard of the Month awards for October. The Padrons' yard is landscaped with hibiscus, crotons, fern, Mexican heather, potato vine and more.
“Now, I'm going to tell you about the only thing I know that the Islamic faith has done in this country is 9/11.”
— Alabama U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore (R), quoted by CNN.
Israel's Keshet International has seen its TV production and distribution business blossom as the demand among global TV buyers for original content has skyrocketed. But that growth has made the market for producing content more competitive, not less, in the eyes of Keshet International CEO Alon Shtruzman.
In the latest episode of Strictly Business, Variety‘s weekly podcast featuring conversations with industry leaders about the business of entertainment, Shtruzman discusses the expansion of opportunities as streaming platforms in the U.S. and other major territories drive an expansion of the overall marketplace for TV content.
“It's a complete sea-change. The way shows are being commissioned and being produced and being watched. Every aspect of the eco-system as we knew it has changed,” Shtruzman says.
Based in Los Angeles, Shtruzman runs the international production and distribution arm for Israel's dominant Keshet Media Group, headed by Avi Nir. Keshet International (KI) sells programs and formats that come off Keshet's top-rated commercial TV network in Israel, as well as a range of other projects. Nir recruited Shtruzman to KI in 2012, after the latter established himself as an entrepreneur and executive with a number of Israeli media firms since the 1990s. He also served a stint with Fox International Channels.
Related Strictly Business Podcast: Colin Callender on 'Cursed Child' and Navigating Co-Productions Strictly Business Podcast: CNBC's David Faber on Covering Media Giants and Moguls
In assessing the contemporary sales environment, Shtruzman notes that buyers in emerging territories like Vietnam and Cambodia of late have become aggressive in purchasing original content as platforms multiply. But that same dynamic means that more producers from territories outside the U.S. and U.K. are becoming competitive with formats and series of their own. Keshet's own story, fueled by with hits like “Homeland” and the “Rising Star” talent competition franchise, is a testament to the opening of the marketplace to new entrants.
“Don't be confused. It's not a seller's market,” Shtruzman says. “It's a very big eco-system with many opportunities but it's very hard to sell. You need big talent and volume. It's very hard to survive as a small player.”
Keshet's portfolio has reached a size and scale that could make it an attractive target for content-hungry conglomerates at a time of heated media M&A discussions. Shtruzman was cautious in addressing the potential for high-level dealmaking in Keshet's future. He pointed to Keshet's recent moves to scoop up smaller production banners including Germany's Tresor TV Produktions and the U.K.-based incubator Greenbird Media.
“At the moment we're buyers. Maybe at some point we'll be sellers,” he says.
Listen to the full interview with Shtruzman:
Strictly Business is Variety‘s weekly podcast featuring conversations with industry leaders about the business of entertainment. Listen to the podcast below for the full interview, or check out previous “Strictly Business” episodes featuring comedian/actor/producer Kevin Hart, ICM Partners agent Esther Newberg, and HBO chairman/CEO Richard Plepler. A new episode debuts each Tuesday and can be downloaded on iTunes, Google Play, Stitcher, and SoundCloud.
WASHINGTON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department is seeking “substantial” civil fines from Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV after the government filed suit accusing the company of illegally using software that led to excess emissions in 104,000 U.S. diesel vehicles sold since 2014, a person briefed on the matter said Friday.
Bloomberg News reported Friday that the Justice Department sent Fiat Chrysler lawyers a Jan. 27 settlement offer that included requiring the company to offset excess pollution and take steps to prevent future excess emissions.
A person briefed on the matter confirmed the letter included language that a settlement “must include very substantial civil penalties.”
At a discussion in Washington last week between the Justice Department and Fiat Chrysler overseen by court-appointed settlement adviser Ken Feinberg, no specific figures were discussed, two people briefed on the talks said. Another round of settlement talks is set for late this month.
Feinberg and Fiat Chrysler declined to comment.
In July, Fiat Chrysler won approval from federal and California regulators to sell 2017 model year diesel vehicles after it came under scrutiny for alleged excess emissions in older diesel models.
To resolve the excess pollution issue, Fiat Chrysler lawyer Robert Giuffra said in December at a court hearing the company remains confident it can use updated emissions software in the 2017 vehicles as the basis of a fix to address agencies' concerns over 2014-2016 diesel vehicles.
The Justice Department said in December that company testing on the proposed fix began on Dec. 17 and would take about three months. The government will then have 30 days to review the results and expects to make a determination by the end of April.
Regulators have said Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicles had undisclosed emissions controls that allowed vehicles to emit excess pollution during normal driving. The company has denied wrongdoing, saying there was never an attempt to create software to cheat emissions rules.
Fiat Chrysler's emissions case came after Volkswagen AG's diesel emissions scandal prompted increased industry scrutiny. (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
The season 2 premiere episode of “13 Reasons Why,” Netflix's controversial teen-suicide drama series, averaged 6 million viewers in the U.S. in the first three days of its release, according to Nielsen estimates.
That's less than half the number of viewers who watched the first episode of “Stranger Things” season 2 — which averaged 15.8 million — in the first three days of its release last fall, according to Nielsen. Around 11 million U.S. viewers watched Netflix's fantasy-cop movie “Bright” starring Will Smith during its first three days of release last December, according to Nielsen. “Stranger Things” S2 remains the most-watched Netflix original over the initial three-day window since Nielsen began tracking the subscription VOD space in mid-2017.
Netflix released “13 Reasons Why” season 2 on May 18. The show follows the events in the aftermath of a high-school girl's suicide, revolving around a lawsuit her parents have filed against the school.
The show's audience skews heavily toward young and female viewers, according to Nielsen. According to the initial data, “13 Reasons Why” season 2 has had virtually the same gender split of Netflix's “The Crown” (65% female, 35% male) but it had almost the opposite age distribution. About 75% of the viewers for “13 Reasons Why” were 34 or younger while 75% of “The Crown's” audience was aged 35 or older.
Related Netflix's Ted Sarandos on the Streamers' Cannes Film Festival Debut Cannes Standout 'Happy as Lazzaro' Inks Major Global Sales (EXCLUSIVE)
Overall, within the first three days of its availability (May 18-20), “13 Reasons Why” season 2 garnered an average minute audience of over 2.6 million U.S. viewers across all 13 episodes, per Nielsen. Netflix U.S. members who streamed “13 Reasons Why” season 2 watched an average of more than four episodes over the initial three-day period, Nielsen found.
Netflix doesn't release viewing metrics — it doesn't have to, because it doesn't run ads — and the company's execs have discounted third-party attempts to measure viewership.
It's worth noting that Nielsen's estimates cover only the U.S. and tracks viewership only on internet-connected TVs (excluding mobile devices and computers). The Nielsen SVOD Content Ratings, launched last fall, extrapolate viewership using audio-recognition technology that “listens” to what viewers are watching on TV.
Ted Sarandos, Netflix's chief content officer, has said the company's originals don't need to generate a big initial audience (in the way TV networks do) to be cost-efficient investments over a longer period. “We have many shows that don't work the first weekend, or first week, or first month,” he said, speaking Tuesday at the Paley Center for Media in New York. But over time, “they grow and grow and grow.”
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Henry Group Holdings Ltd:
* CHAN KWOK HUNG RESIGNED AS AN EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
* NG IAN RESIGNED AS AN EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
* WANG JUNYONG HAS BEEN APPOINTED AS CHAIRMAN OF BOARD
* NG IAN RESIGNED AS CHAIRMAN Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Naveed Aman Khan
ART is not a thing , it is a way. It is the most intense mode of individualism that the world has known. It enables us to find and lose ourselves at the same time. We go in the background and our creation comes in the limelight. By this we in fact come in the limelight and explore our hidden potential. An essential element of any art is risk. If you don't take risk how are you going to make something really beautiful, that has not been seen before? We have our arts so we won't die of truth. Above all artistes must not be only in art galleries or museums. They must be present in all possible activities. I have not seen any masterpiece book of any great scholar in any art gallery. Is it not an art? All arts are autobiographical. The pearl is the oyster's autobiography. Art suffers the moment other people start paying for it. Let each one exercise the art one knows.
And lastly, my own take in a recent piece I write for the national endowment for the arts. This is the power of art. The power to transcend our own self-interest, solipsistic zoom lens on life and relate to the world and each other with more integrity, more curiosity, more wholeheartedness. Art is all around us. These are the things people create for others to see and appreciate. Art is not just paintings and sculptures you see in the museum. Art includes the music, calligraphy , anthropology, photography and writing masterpieces. The creation of a work of art is the bringing about of a new combination of elements in the medium. Tones in music, paints on canvas , words in literature and so on. Creation is the reformation of pre existing materialso. Art is a way of grasping the society. I as an artiste of words believes portraying picture or scene in words composition is the most difficult art. In the history of mankind we find such immortal personalities still living in our midst through their art of thought. We highly grade Aristotle, Socrates , Plato , Confucius and many more. Their wisdom is art.
Through CPEC and nation to nation contact Pakistanis will be able to know and read a lot about great artistes GU Kaizhi, Zhang Ziqian,Han Gan , Han Huang , Li Sixun, Li Zhaodao ,Wang Wei, Wu Dauzi, Zhang Xuan, Zhou Fang ,Jin hao ,Liu Songnian and many more of China. We will also find an opportunity to read and learn from the philosophy and wisdom of Zhao Mengfu, Huang Gongwang, Kang Youwei, Xu Jiyu, Dai Zhen, Lin Zexu, Dong Zhongshi,Wei Yuan, Zhao Yong, Zeng Gong, Mao Qilling, Wang Guowi, Liu An, Wen Zhenheng, Tao Zhu, Sima Guang, Cui Weinping, Yu Jianrang, Zhou Ruchang ,Zhao Ting Yang, Liang Siyong, Su Shi, Li Bai, Cao Xueqin, Qu Yuan, Xu Wei, Li Zhi, Sima Qian ,Du Fu Tang Xianzu and Cao Zhi Chinese great scholars of the ages. Like wise Chinese nation will be knowing and learning Allama Iqbal, Faiz Ahmad Faiz, Habib Jalib, Munir Niazi, Ahmad Faraz, Ashfaq Ahmad, Bao Qudsia, Intzar Hussain, Abdullah Malik, Mumtaz Mufti and Wasif Ali Wasif.
Art emerged around fifty thousand years ago as cities and civilizations started emerging. The wall paintings in the Lascaux caves, which so startled Picasso, have been carbon dated at around seventeen thousand years old. Art is vitally important to maintaining broad standards in civilization. Beauty in art is externally subjective. The fundamental difference between art and beauty is that art is about who has produced it, where as beauty depends on who's looking. Art and culture are real face and introduction of any country and nation. Great nations always honour, value, preserve, promote and strengthen their art and culture. China is one of the most ancient civilizations of the world with its highly valued and rich art and culture. Great nations never let their art and culture vanish at all. Art and culture with the passage of time is always influenced elsewhere. Pakistan and China are two different countries with entirely different society set up, art, culture, norms and values. China is an open society country while Pakistani society is still conservative. About art and culture behaviours of both the societies are different.
The dominant part of Pakistani society is orthodox and declares art and culture immoral and unethical. Pakistani society is yet in the process of transformation. It is experienced and observed that strong art and culture always overlap and swallow week and fragile art and culture. Pakistani society has accepted and absorbed art and culture of West. It reflects that again Pakistani society will get dominated by Chinese art and culture. We Pakistanis need to energise our art and culture not overshadowed. China is spending a lot on the preservation and promotion of its art and culture. Artistes related to art and culture need to be patronised professionally and economically by the governments. I have seen great artistes living hand to mouth with miserable lives in our country. This is all because the concerned organisations, institutions and governments don't take care of their diverse art and culture of Pakistan. Poets, scholars, writers, musicians, singers, painters, sculptors, calligraphers, photographers and anthropologists are the real picture of any society. We have Sadqain, Abdur Rehman Chughtai, Jamal Shah and tens of great artistes of high level. We are proud of them all.
China Pakistan Economic Corridor is believed to be the game changer. Yes it is. Because of CPEC both of the great countries and the nations are connected to each other. Since independence China Pakistan enjoy strong political and diplomatic bilateral relationship. Then gradually this relation was added with economic ties of China-Pakistan Economic Corridor. This unprecedented gigantic multidimensional broad-spectrum project has provided people to people contact of Pakistan and China. This nation-to-nation contact will bring positive change in the societies of both the countries. Both the nations will start understanding each other. Chinese are learning Urdu language and knowing diverse culture of Pakistan while Pakistani nation is learning Chinese language and Chinese culture. Pakistan National Council of Arts under the umbrella of its Director General Syed Jamal Shah is struggling hard to portray real positive picture of Pakistan. Political stability, strong economy and peace in the country will open new avenues of splendour and magnificence ahead. Such efforts will move great brains of both of the nations from modest dwellings to more honour and comfort. This is how we will make our nations transformed and twinkling bringing dreams of Quaid-i-Azam and Mao come true.
— The writer is political analyst based in Islamabad.
