LONDON: The Super Bowl was seen as a novelty event when it was first broadcast live in Britain 35 years ago but since the inaugural NFL International Series game in 2007, fans have flocked to Wembley and Twickenham to watch regular season games.
British NFL supporters have continued to show a thirst for gridiron at the homes of the sport's elder cousins in soccer and rugby, with Wembley witnessing a record 84,592 crowd to watch the Jacksonville Jaguars beat the Baltimore Ravens in September.
With four regular season NFL games in Britain from 2019, though, Sunday's championship showdown between the New England Patriots and the Philadelphia Eagles in Minneapolis could herald a landmark year for the sport on the other side of the Atlantic.
This year is particularly significant for NFL UK, as the Oakland Raiders will take on the Seattle Seahawks at the new 62,000 capacity stadia for London soccer club Tottenham Hotspur on Oct. 14.
Not just a new venue, the stadium will mark the first time teams will play on a custom-built NFL field in London, which will be engineered to move up from beneath the soccer pitch.
Yet despite this exciting development, questions remain over whether the NFL can forge its own path in Britain's crowded sports market and fulfil the organisation's aim of becoming "everybody's second favourite sport".
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I think this Sunday has more significance for us in this country than past Super Bowls because the New England Patriots are the most supported team in the UK, playing the Philadelphia Eagles, who have never won a Super Bowl but have a British-born running back (Jay Ajayi) playing," NFL UK managing director Alistair Kirkwood told Reuters in London.
"We have an aspiration to be everybody's second favourite sport and the stats back up that we're starting to make substantial inroads.
"We average through the regular season more than a million viewers a week and that grows over the season, and through the post-season becomes substantially bigger.
"So I think we're quite a long way away from when we were seen as being an imported sport and something that happened thousands of miles away and maybe a bit of a novelty."
The notion of a London franchise has long been mooted, especially since the collapse of NFL Europe in 2007, but Kirkwood's point about the Patriots means even a British-based team would not necessarily convert the most ardent of fans.
When asked by Reuters if she would follow a potential franchise closer to home, UK Patriots fan club member Rebecca Downey said: "Nope. I could never love another franchise, even one close to home as much as I love the Patriots."
Many others Pat fans said their dedication to the five-times Super Bowl winners would trump any UK-based team - and added that they predicted a classic topsy-turvy encounter on Sunday, but with New England triumphing once more.
RECORD VIEWERS
With the game being played overnight in Britain, it allows a unique window for the sport to have no competition for viewers. Dozens of bars and restaurants in London have extended their opening hours significantly to host Super Bowl parties.
Kirkwood noted that the Super Bowl would be shown across four channels, three on satellite broadcaster Sky and the other on the terrestrial BBC.
He added that ratings for Sky's coverage of NFL in particular had seen a 40 percent increase year-on-year in the latest figures.
"Last year, we had about three and a half million people stay up and watch what was an unbelievable climax," Kirkwood said, referring to the record number of viewers who saw the Patriots' 34-28 overtime win over the Atlanta Falcons.
"We'll be lucky if we get half as good a game as last year."
But the hard work will not end after Sunday's clash, with UK-based Eagles fan club organiser Anthony Bullick believing that good communication is key to challenging the dominance of other team sports.
"The toughest hurdle for the sport to challenge the likes of cricket and rugby in the UK is the perception that 'there are too many breaks in play'," Bullick told Reuters before boarding a flight to Minneapolis, where he was predicting an Eagle win.
"When you speak to fans who started following the sport in the last few years, most say as soon as they understood the rules, they didn't really notice the breaks as they were discussing play calls and other in-game analysis."
BRITISH FRANCHISE
Even with more than 100 universities having their own American Football teams, a national league to rival the NFL remains a long way off, hence a British franchise is seen as the most likely next step from hosting matches.
Although not entirely NFL UK's control, Kirkwood concedes that a team could come to fruition within the next 10 years.
"We've got to a stage where that kind of concept becomes more compelling and much more doable," he said.
"Whether it happens in a particular timeframe I don't know.
"But then if you and I had spoken 10 years ago, I wouldn't have necessarily predicted that we would have had 29 out of 32 teams playing in London, and us playing at the new Spurs stadium and having played more than 21 games at Wembley.
"So I'm not probably great at predicting what the future will look like, but I'm saying the future for our sport looks particularly rosy."
(Reporting by Christian Radnedge; Editing by John O'Brien)
SINGAPORE: The Bangkok Post website has been hacked, said Thailand's English-language broadsheet on Tuesday (Dec 12).
Shortly before 1pm, the newspaper tweeted: "Announcement: The Bangkokpost.com website has been hacked and is currently under maintenance. We're very sorry for this technical hiccup."
A cached version of the Bangkok Post homepage.
There was also a message on the site's homepage which read: "We are currently upgrading and enhancing Bangkokpost.com pages and systems to serve you better."
A cached version showed the website transformed with dark images featuring lightning, serpents and scenes from Game of Thrones, as well as the words "Hacker Sakit Hati" and "Your website has been damaged" flashing across the page.
Announcement: The https://t.co/n6eVjPHI8w website has been hacked and is currently under maintenance. We're very sorry for this technical hiccup. — Bangkok Post (@BangkokPostNews) December 12, 2017
Advertisement
WILSONVILLE -
Thousands of brides in Canada and the United States can thank Nick and Hilary VanderHeide of Wilsonville for making their special day extra beautiful.
In seven short years, the couple has established themselves as one of the top producers of dahlias in Ontario. By 2020, the owners of Creekside Growers on Norfolk Road 19 hope to be the largest producers in Canada.
Creekside Growers stole a march on the competition recently when VanderHeide revolutionized the way he plants his crop. He modified a cultivator so that it digs a trench, loosens the soil, hills over the tuber root when planted, and applies drip-tape irrigation.
By doing all this in one pass, Creekside Growers has greatly reduced its costs while boosting productivity.
“We save a ton of money on labour,” VanderHeide says. “That part of planting and putting out drip line – I bet it cut our labour costs two-thirds.
“And we have a 20 per cent increase in production due to correct bulb depth and the accuracy of nutrient and water placement. There is no wasted water and no wasted fertilizer.”
Innovation like this attracts the attention of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food & Rural Affairs. For these insights and results, the ministry recently recognized Creekside Growers with a 2016 Premier's Award for Agri-Food Innovation Excellence.
Nick and Hilary VanderHeide are proof that you don't need a background in agriculture to succeed at farming. What counts is a love of the land, a desire to grow things, a good plan and the smarts to execute it.
For her part, Hilary is a university graduate with a bachelor of education degree. She grew up on a hobby farm in Niagara-on-the-Lake.
Nick grew up in Sarnia and was running a home renovation business when the couple decided to try their hand at farming. They acquired a 5.5-acre parcel near Hartford and haven't looked back.
When Creekside Growers began in 2009, it was just Nick and Hilary. Today, the couple employ 13 people during peak season and supply dahlias and peonies to a market area that includes most of eastern Canada and the eastern United States south to Kentucky.
At the outset, Creekside Growers tried growing many types of flowers. However, the VanderHeides soon realized that the eclectic approach was too diverse and required too many different growing techniques and marketing strategies.
They settled on dahlias – which comprise 65 per cent of their operation – and peonies. They chose these flowers because they do best in moderate climates and need cold winters.
Dahlias and peonies are premium flowers. They pay well if you grow them properly. Because they've symbolized bonds of love and friendship since Victorian times, dahlias are in high demand at weddings and wedding receptions.
Growing dahlias and peonies is not easy. They require a lot of attention. Dahlias in particular are highly susceptible to insects and must be sprayed twice a week.
As it stands, Creekside Growers and another grower in Flamborough are the two largest producers of dahlias in Ontario. Both have a hard time keeping up with demand.
The industry is expanding. In 2016, Creekside Growers had 18 kilometres of drip tape. In 2017, this will grow to 30 kilometres.
A Premier's Award at this point will help the VanderHeides secure market share. Creekside Growers does a lot of business on-line. Flashing a Premier's Award is a seal of good house-keeping.
“It's nice to have something like this that lends legitimacy to your business,” VanderHeide said. “Now, we're just not another on-line store. When you've been recognized by the Ontario government, that gives you a lot of credibility.”
MSonnenberg@postmedia.com
Plenty of dads are no-frills, no-fuss dudes. This is great in general, but they can be almost impossible when it comes to gift-giving. What do you get the guy who doesn't need much at all? These practical Father's Day gifts for the cargo short dad will give you a good starting point. Hey, Father's Day should be all about celebrating with your dear old dad, not stressing about what stuff to buy.
In general, it's a good idea to stay with the safer gifts for this type of dad. Wardrobe basics, durable kitchen goods, and even snacks are all wise choices for gifts. Sure, gag gifts are fun and all, but he'll probably appreciate a new pair of socks more than just about anything else. Save the silly stuff for your friends (or your mom).
Plus, none of these gifts are designed to stress out your wallet, either. Although the average per person spending on Father's Day for 2015 was $116, as noted by Fundivo, you're under no obligation to drop that kind of cash. I mean, your dad will probably be happy to learn you're pretty great at budgeting anyway. Read on to find some non-flashy, sensible gifts for your beloved dad so you can both have a great Father's Day this year.
Stuart Broad and England step into the unknown this week in the first day-night Test match to be held in this country.
The historic encounter begins on Thursday when Joe Root's side take on the West Indies at Edgbaston.
It is the fifth match of its type in the global game after three day-night Tests in Australia and one in Dubai, where the Windies were beaten by Pakistan.
A 2pm start, with 'lunch' at 4pm and 'tea' at 6.40pm, raises the prospect of some attacking evening declarations and even juggling of the batting order, while the pink ball could behave very differently as the days progress.
Broad, one promotional delivery aside, has never bowled with the pink ball - easier to pick up under the lights and without clashing with the players' white clothing - which will be used in Birmingham.
The 31-year-old fast bowler admitted: " It's stepping into the unknown completely.
"I've bowled one ball with the pink ball - I got it relatively straight!
"I just don't know what to expect. We are just going to have to be so adaptable on the day and figure out what's going on.
"It's an exciting concept. I watched the day-night match in Adelaide and enjoyed it. The exciting thing as a player is we are going in with a clear mind and learning on the job almost.
"The team which will come out successful this week will be the team which reacts quicker."
Thursday's Test is the first of three against a young West Indies side missing some star names such as Chris Gayle, Darren Bravo, Darren Sammy and Marlon Samuels.
The tourists have lost their last six Test series and have not won one since beating Bangladesh in 2014.
But Broad added: " We've got a huge amount of respect for the way the West Indies play and the competitive spirit they bring.
"With a slightly inexperienced team you know they are going to be hungry for success, they are going to be determined to prove themselves and that is something we need to be aware of.
"Every ball in this series is going to be competitive and we have to be switched on to that."
LOS ANGELES: Dance-pop DJ duo The Chainsmokers ousted rapper Drake from the top spot on the weekly U.S. Billboard 200 chart on Monday, scoring their first chart-topping album after a slew of hit singles.
"Memories ... Do Not Open," the debut full-length album from The Chainsmokers, racked up the equivalent of 221,000 in sales, including 60 million streams of the album and 166,000 copies sold, according to figures from Nielsen SoundScan.
The album includes the hit singles "Paris" and "Something Like This," following up on the duo's breakout success with "Closer" last summer.
Drake's "More Life" dropped one spot to No. 2.
The Billboard 200 album chart tallies units from album sales, song sales (10 songs equal one album) and streaming activity (1,500 streams equal one album).
New entries in the top 10 of the Billboard 200 chart this week include a cappella group Pentatonix at No. 4 with "PTX Vol IV: Classics," rapper Joey BadaUS$US$ at No. 5 with "All-Amerikkkan BadaUS$US$" and folk singer Father John Misty at No. 10 with "Pure Comedy."
In the Digital Songs chart, which measures online single sales, former One Direction singer Harry Styles debuted at No. 1 with his solo debut "Sign of the Times" selling 142,000 copies.
(Reporting by Piya Sinha-Roy; Editing by Tom Brown)
ISTANBUL (AP) — Turkish police struggled Monday to track down a gunman who attacked New Year's Eve revelers at a popular Istanbul nightclub, killing at least 39 people, most of them foreigners. Close to 70 more were wounded.
The attacker, armed with a long-barreled weapon, killed a policeman and a civilian outside the Reina club around 1:15 a.m. before entering and firing at people partying inside, Istanbul Gov. Vasip Sahin said.
“Unfortunately, (he) rained bullets in a very cruel and merciless way on innocent people who were there to celebrate New Year's and have fun,” Sahin told reporters.
Nearly two-thirds of the people killed were foreigners, many from the Middle East, Turkey's state-run Anadolu Agency said. It said the bodies of 25 foreign nationals killed in the attack would be delivered to their families Monday.
Countries from India to Belgium reported their citizens among the casualties.
An estimated 600 people were celebrating inside the club, which is frequented by famous locals, including singers, actors and sports stars. Several shocked revelers were seen fleeing the scene after the shooting and the music fell silent.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for what authorities immediately called a terrorist attack. Turkish officials did not comment on the possible identity or motives of the gunman.
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey, which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq. The country endured multiple bombings in 2016, including three in Istanbul alone that authorities blamed on IS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan vehemently condemned “the terror attack in Istanbul's Ortakoy neighborhood in the first hours of 2017” and offered condolences for those who lost their lives, including the “foreign guests.”
Among the dead were an 18-year-old Israeli woman, three Indians, three Lebanese, a woman with dual French-Tunisian citizenship and her Tunisian husband, two Jordanians, a Belgian national, a Kuwaiti citizen and a Canadian, according to those countries' governments and a diplomat. Jordan's Foreign Ministry earlier said three of its citizens had been killed, but revised that, saying there was confusion over the nationality of one victim.
A U.S. State Department official, who spoke only on condition of anonymity, said one American man was among those wounded. Turkey's minister for family and social policies, Fatma Betul Sayan Kaya, said citizens of Saudi Arabia, Morocco, Lebanon and Libya were among those injured.
Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu said the gunman, who had not been identified, remained at large. “Our security forces have started the necessary operations. God willing, he will be caught in a short period of time,” Soylu said.
Private NTV news channel said the assailant was wearing a Santa Claus outfit when he entered the upscale nightclub on the shore of the Bosporus straight, on the European side of the city — a claim Prime Minister Binali Yildirim denied.
Security camera footage obtained by The Associated Press from Haberturk newspaper shows what appears to be a man dressed in black and carrying a backpack as he shoots down a police officer outside the nightclub. Footage taken by a different camera inside Reina shows a figure wearing different clothes and what could be a Santa Claus hat.
Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by “taking advantage of the chaos” that ensued. Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack.
Mehmet Dag, 22, said he was passing by the club when he saw a man shoot at a police officer and a bystander. He said the attacker then targeted security guards, gunning them down and entering the club.
“Once he went in, we don't know what happened. There were gun sounds, and after two minutes the sound of an explosion,” Dag said.
Turkish media said the local victims included a 22-year-old police officer and a 47-year-old travel agent, both of whom were shot outside the club.
One was given a funeral Sunday in Istanbul, where his two sons joined the mourners gathered around the flag-draped casket, the private Dogan news agency reported.
Ayhan Arik, a tourism company employee who had taken foreign guests to the nightclub, was shot in the head, the news agency said.
On Sunday, heavily armed police blocked the snowy street in front of the nightclub. The entrance was covered with blue plastic sheeting below a Turkish flag. Police also patrolled the Asian side of the Bosporus on the other side of the club.
Crime scene investigators were seen inside the nightclub searching through mingled piles of chairs, tables and pieces of clothing left behind during the panic among the guests.
There were emotional scenes in front of a city morgue where the dead were taken for identification. Some relatives cried out and fell to the ground as they apparently learned the fate of their loved ones.
The U.S. Consulate General in Istanbul on Sunday warned American citizens to keep their movements in the city “to an absolute minimum.” A statement reminded U.S. citizens that extremists “are continuing aggressive efforts to conduct attacks in areas where U.S. citizens and expatriates reside or frequent.”
The United States denied reports in Turkish new outlets and on social media that its security agencies knew in advance that the nightclub was at risk of a terror attack. The U.S. Embassy in Ankara said in a statement that “contrary to rumors circulating in social media, the U.S. Government had no information about threats to specific entertainment venues, including the Reina Club.”
Turkey faces a wide spectrum of security threats.
The Islamic State group claims to have cells in the country. Analysts think it was behind suicide bombings last January and March that targeted tourists on Istanbul's iconic Istiklal Street as well as a high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Ataturk Airport in June.
In December, IS released a video purportedly showing the killing of two Turkish soldiers and urged its supporters to “conquer” Istanbul. Turkey's jets regularly bomb the group in the northern Syrian town of Al-Bab. Turkish authorities have not confirmed the authenticity of the video.
Turkey's violent 2016 also reflects the intensification of an armed conflict between the government and Kurdish rebels. Turkey-based Kurdish groups have claimed multiple suicide attacks. The government has said Kurdish affiliates in Syria and Iraq share responsibility.
Complicating matters, Turkey endured a coup attempt July 15, which the government blamed on a U.S-based Islamist cleric. A state of emergency has been in force since then, and authorities have purged key institutions, including the army and police.
The violence has left the nation on edge and kept tourists at bay. In Istanbul, a bustling city bridging Europe and Asia, the toll on the economy is evidenced in the closure of iconic restaurants and lowered hotel prices.
The nightclub attack drew quick condemnation from the West and Russia.
Russian President Vladimir Putin sent a telegram to Turkey's leader, saying that “it is hard to imagine a more cynical crime than killing innocent people during New Year celebrations.”
“However, terrorists don't share moral values. Our common duty is to combat terrorists' aggression,” Putin said.
The White House condemned what it called a “horrific terrorist attack” and offered U.S. help to Turkey. The U.N. Security Council condemned the “heinous and barbaric” assault in the “strongest terms.”
Yildirim, the prime minister, vowed to keep fighting terrorism, adding that “the terror that happens here today may happen in another country in the world tomorrow.”
___
Associated Press writer Zeynep Bilginsoy reported this story in Istanbul and AP writer Suzan Fraser reported from Ankara. AP writers Mehmet Guzel and Dusan Stojanovic in Istanbul; Dominique Soguel in Vannes, France; Jon Gambrell in Dubai, United Arab Emirates; Philippe Sotto in Paris; Deb Riechmann in Washington and Robert Gillies in Toronto contributed to this report.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
A car drove into a restaurant in France, killing one little girl Monday.
An official with the national gendarme service said that the driver was arrested not long after the incident. He also said it is unclear whether the act was intentional, but local media reported it was deliberate.
At least five others were wounded after the car barrelled through the restaurant terrace in the community of Sept-Sorts, east of Paris, on Monday night.
Cars have been increasingly used in attacks in France recently. An Algerian man drove his car into a group of French soldiers last week, and a truck attack in the French city of Nice left 86 people dead a little more than a year ago. Several other countries have seen cars used as weapons in recent years.
More to come…
*with a file from the Associated Press
Ed Balls and Michael Gove will take an awkward ride in a "lift of reconciliation" in a comedy sketch for The Last Leg.
The former Labour MP and the newly appointed Environment Secretary are just two of the people from the worlds of show business and politics taking part in the special two-hour episode of the Channel 4 show, which was inspired by late MP Jo Cox.
A photograph from the episode - entitled The Last Leg: Re-United Kingdom - shows Balls and Gove standing alongside each other in a lift, staring straight ahead.
Another sees Gove pointing at Balls with a comical expression on his face.
Channel 4 said: "It may only be a short lift ride but perhaps a shared love of Korean pop music and dance will help them settle their differences by the time they reach their destination?"
The live programme will pay tribute to Cox a year after her murder by hosting a celebratory event aiming to remind viewers of what unites us rather than divides us.
Hosted by The Last Leg team of Adam Hills with Alex Brooker and Josh Widdicombe, guests in the studio will include Nick Clegg, Alastair Campbell, comedians Jon Richardson and Stephen Mangan, actors James Buckley and Lily Cole and British band Elbow.
Others taking part include political rivals Blair vs Hague, Sturgeon vs Davidson and Alastair Campbell vs Ed Miliband.
The show kicks off a weekend of UK-wide community events, street parties and picnics organised by The Jo Cox Foundation under the banner of The Great Get Together.
Channel 4 is its official broadcast partner.
The channel's Sunday Brunch will also be supporting the weekend of community events with Mayor of London Sadiq Khan joining Tim Lovejoy and Simon Rimmer in the studio.
The Last Leg: Re-United Kingdom is on Friday at 9pm on Channel 4.
Deputy Senate President Ike Ekweremadu has advised the Federal Government to tackle insecurity in the country with the appropriate approach.
He gave the recommendation during his appearance on Channels Television's breakfast programme, Sunrise Daily, on Wednesday in Abuja.
“We are applying the wrong solution to problems that are clearly within our reach to resolve; the issue is not funding,” the lawmaker said.
“If you bring the whole money in the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) and give to the police, nothing will change – if you do that also with the Army, nothing will change; the problem is structure, not the funding.”
Senator Ekweremadu explained that this led to the move by the Senate to amend the constitution to allow for the creation of state and community police.
He noted that Nigeria is challenged in many directions, especially in the area of security and something needs to be done to address the issue on time.
According to the Deputy Senate President, the society is created in such a way that it comes with a lot of responsibilities and it requires some privileges and powers to carry out those responsibilities.
“One of the responsibilities, as I said, is the issue of protection of lives and properties,” said Ekweremadu.
He added, “In the formation of the society, government is given enormous powers to have control of instruments of cohesion and so, what has happened now is that the criminal elements have overwhelmed the government and government cannot be able to perform that responsibility of protecting lives and property.”
The lawmaker further condemned the incident where seven police officers were killed by gunmen on Tuesday in the nation's capital.
He wondered how such attack could have happened despite the weapons and equipment the police are using to secure the Federal Capital Territory.
The senator said if such could happen to policemen that are well-trained, there is need to protect the lives of “citizens who die on daily basis and nobody accounts for them.”
“The criminal elements have overwhelmed the security sector and that's the issue I'm making. We need to do something and that's what we are talking about by decentralising the police,” Ekweremadu insisted.
Businessman wants accuser to appear before prosecutors
Cebu businessman Peter Lim skipped on Monday the start of the preliminary hearing of the drug trafficking charges filed against him at the Department of Justice (DOJ).
But his no-show doesn't indicate that he is not going to face the charges, according to his lawyer, Majilyn Loja.
ADVERTISEMENT
“The (proceeding) is only for us to be furnished with a copy of the complaint. We were deputized by our client to get his copy,” the lawyer told reporters during the preliminary investigation on Monday.
Loja also insisted that the witness who identified Lim as a drug lord should appear before the prosecutors and affirm his affidavit.
“Considering the crime imputed to my client is very grave, we find it [that] he should be presented so that he can subscribe to his affidavits and verify if his claims are true,” the lawyer said.
Loja was referring to Lim's co-respondent Marcelo Adorco, who identified the businessman in his affidavit as the one who supplied “staggering amounts” of drugs to Rolando “Kerwin” Espinosa Jr., then the biggest drug lord in Eastern Visayas.
She also maintained that Lim was not the Peter Lim who was named by President Duterte as one of the country's biggest drug lords.
“He is not that person. He has always denied it. In fact, he had presented himself (to the authorities) saying he is not the Peter Lim alias Jaguar,” Loja told reporters.
Loja stressed that Lim was ready to face the charges against him.
“We will be advising him that today's setting is for the scheduling of filing of counter-affidavit,” she added.
Lim, Espinosa, Adorco, convicted drug lord Peter Co, Max Miro and Lovely Impal, were respondents in the drug trafficking complaints filed by the Criminal Investigation and Detection Group at the DOJ.
They were specifically charged with violation of Section 26(b) in relation to Section 5 of Republic Act No. 9165, or the Comprehensive Dangerous Drugs Act of 2002, for alleged conspiring to commit “sale, trading, administration, dispensation, delivery, distribution and transportation of dangerous drugs and/or controlled precursors and essential chemicals.”
Of the six, only Espinosa, who was in government custody following his arrest in Abu Dhabi in October last year, attended the preliminary investigation presided over by Assistant State Prosecutors John Michael Humarang and Aristotle Reyes.
A representative from the Bureau of Corrections (BuCor), Superintendent Roberto Rabo, was present on behalf of Co who is serving a life sentence at the New Bilibid Prison after he was convicted in 2001 of selling illegal drugs.
The respondents were given up to Aug. 24 to submit their counter-affidavits.
The DOJ prosecutors set the second preliminary investigation on Aug. 17.
Supt. Royina Garma, head of the Criminal Investigation and Detection Group in Central Visayas (CIDG-7), kept their hands off Lim's failure to appear at the DOJ.
“Labas na kami dun kung mag-appear siya o hindi (We don't have any control on whether or not he would appear at the DOJ,” she told CDN.
CIDG-7 was earlier tasked to look into Lim's personal background, financial transactions, and connections.
Garma said they already sent their findings to Camp Crame.
“It's already up to the DOJ on what action to take. We will just wait for their investigation,” she said.
Last Aug. 1, CIDG-7 agents served a subpoena which mandated Lim to personally appear at the DOJ on Aug. 14 and 17 for the preliminary investigation of the case against him.
The subpoena was received by his security guard. Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II earlier claimed that the Lim identified by the President was not the Cebu-based businessman but Jeffrey “Jaquar” Diaz, Central Visayas' biggest drug lord who was killed by Cebu police officials in a drug operation in Las Piñas City on June 17, 2016.
But based on their investigation, CIDG-7's Garma said the Lim referred by President Duterte was the Cebuano businessman who owned several businesses in Cebu.
“There were issues that he's not the one (referred to by the President), but it was eventually established that he's the real Peter Lim,” she said in an earlier interview.
Garma admitted that they were having a hard time gathering evidence against Lim since people who had personal knowledge about the operations and transactions of the Cebu businessman were concerned for their safety.
Two former employees of Lim were killed several years after testifying against the businessman during the congressional inquiry on illegal drugs in 2001.
Bernard Liu and Ananias Dy, detailed the businessman's involvement in illegal drugs during the congressional inquiry.
Lim and his brother Wellington were later cleared. Dy was shot dead by two unidentified men in July 2006 at the corner of Salvador and Katipunan Streets in Barangay Labangon, Cebu City.
Liu was already decomposing when found in his house in Talisay City in September 2011. A rope was tied around his neck and crude oil poured over his body. In a press conference on Aug. 3, Lim denied the accusations that he was involved in the illegal drugs trade.
He vowed to face the case filed against him head-on to clear his name.
The 70-year-old businessman said he was worried about his safety, and that his family had been badly affected by the controversy.
Lim has been placed on the Bureau of Immigration's watch list, mandating him to report to the DOJ before traveling abroad.
Keep your iPhone 6s Plus' battery at a crisp 100% while keeping the battery case bulk to a minimum with the mophie protective battery juice pack. This $85 battery pack is designed to be super thin while still providing your iPhone 6s Plus with over 14.5 hours of extra talk time. Rubberized support pads on the inside of the case protect your iPhone from treacherous falls and drops, while the mophie protective battery juice pack's edge-to-edge protection means that your iPhone's screen, back, and camera are all secured, too. You can pick up the mophie protective battery juice pack in white, black, gold, and rose gold. Oh, and the best part about the case? The pass-through charge and sync design that charges your iPhone first and the case second, so you won't have to charge the case and your iPhone 6s Plus separately. See at Amazon Capshi external battery portable power charger 7200mAh
Double your iPhone 6s Plus' battery life and add a whopping 48-hours of extra talk time with the Capshi external battery portable power charger. This particular battery pack promises an additional 36 hours of video, 24 hours of web browsing, 68 hours of music, or 6 hours of 3D gaming — that's a whole lot of extra hours of screen time from a 7200mAh battery! The downside to the Capshi external battery portable power charger? The additional bulk and weight it adds to your iPhone 6s Plus, but if having a bit of a heavier-dutier case isn't a huge deal to you, then this highly-rated battery case might be a phenomenal option to keep in mind! The Capshi external battery portable power charger is designed with 360-degree protection and a secure, flexible TPU bumper that cradles your iPhone 6s Plus from the outside world, but if you're not 100% satisfied by your $30 case, then Capshi has a money-back guarantee. See at Amazon YHHao slim fit slider battery bank 5000mAh
Keep it slim, keep it standing, and keep your iPhone 6s Plus charged with the YHHao slim fit slider battery bank! This super-affordable iPhone 6s Plus battery case charges surprisingly fast (30 minutes) and fits your iPhone 6s Plus like a glove. The case provides cutouts and buttons for things like volume and charging, so you won't have to constantly keep removing it to have access to basic features. LED lights indicate when your case needs to be charged, while the 5000mAh battery keeps your iPhone 6s Plus going for a couple of hours after your battery bails on you. You can pick up the YHHao slim fit slider battery bank for around $19 in colors like blue, red, black, green, gold, pink, and white, making it the case with by far the largest color selection available. Oh! And did I mention that the YHHao slim fit slider battery bank comes with a handy-dandy kickstand? No? Well now you know! See at Amazon Zhicity portable charging protective case 5500mAh
It's one thing to charge your iPhone 6s Plus with a flick of a button, but having a little extra protection isn't necessarily a bad thing, right? That's why it might be worth it to take a peek at the Zhicity portable charging protective case. The Zhicity portable charging protective case is a $36 accessory that not only charges your iPhone 6s Plus, but also provides shockproof protection and stand functions — the upper portion of the case can be removed to expose a magnetic backing. This battery charger is designed with a lightweight look and feel, although it does add a wee bit more bulk compared to something like the YHHao slim fit slider battery bank. The Zhicity portable charging protective case does use an extra-strong material to protect your battery and iPhone 6s Plus though, which should make up for the additional bulk. An LED indicator will tell your when your case needs to be charged, and if you need to turn it on or off in an instant, the button is located at the back lower portion of the case. See at Amazon HETP ultra slim portable charging case 7300mAh
No-slip grip? Check. Extra battery life? Check. Protective and easy to install? Check: so it's time to check out the HETP ultra slim portable charging case! This particular iPhone 6s Plus battery case packs 3600mAh into the back of your iPhone, giving you the ability to extend your battery life to twice as long as before. The HETP ultra slim portable charging cases no-slip grip makes it perfect for the person who's always dropping their iPhone, while the case itself is actually quite thin for a battery bank — you only add around 0.18 inches to your iPhone 6s Plus! If anything goes wrong with your HETP ultra slim portable charging case, you have an 18-month warranty that has you and your iPhone covered. You can pick up your very own ultra slim case in colors like blue and black, but depending on the style and color, you could be spending between $25 to $28. See at Amazon PowerBear external rechargeable charger pack 7200mAh
The top US intelligence official said on Sunday he would not be surprised if North Korea tested another missile, given that it had two tests in July, amid rising tensions between the United States and North Korea.President Donald Trump has offered fiery warnings for North Korea, saying that the US military was "locked and loaded". North Korean officials in turn have accused the US President of driving the Korean peninsula to the brink of nuclear war.“I am quite confident that (North Korean leader Kim Jong-un) will continue to try to develop his missile program, so it wouldn't surprise me if there was another missile test,” US Central Intelligence Agency Director Mike Pompeo said on "Fox News Sunday"."He conducted two in July, so it wouldn't surprise me if there was another missile test."North Korea said on Thursday plans would be completed by mid-August to fire four intermediate-range missiles to land near the US Pacific island of Guam, 3,500 km (2,175 miles) away.Guam, some 7,000 km from the US mainland, is a target because of its naval base and air force base, from which two B-1B supersonic bombers were deployed close to the Korean peninsula on Tuesday.Trump wrote on Twitter on Friday that US "military solutions are now fully in place, locked and loaded, should North Korea act unwisely".Referring to Kim, Trump added: "If he utters one threat ... or if he does anything with respect to Guam or any place else that's an American territory or an American ally, he will truly regret it, and he will regret it fast."Trump has urged China to apply more pressure on North Korea. Trump is expected on Monday to launch a trade investigation into China.White House officials have insisted the investigation is not designed to apply additional pressure on China as it relates to North Korea despite the president's previous remarks that he would be more amenable on trade if China stopped Pyongyang's nuclear program.Trump has also insisted that "nobody loves a peaceful solution better than President Trump".
- Advertisement -
The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) has appealed to communities in Delta to put an end to all forms of communal clashes saying no corps member will be posted to any warring area.
Mr Benjamin Omotade, the state coordinator of the NYSC, made the appeal at the closing ceremony of the 2017 Batch “B'', Stream 1, orientation course held in Issele Uku.
Omotade said that the life of every corps member posted to the state was dear to the NYSC.
He added that it was the NYSC's policy that no corps member would be posted to any community involved in communal clashes.
He particularly noted the peace challenges in Warri South-West and Udu Local Government Areas that had been on since 2016.
He said that no corps member was posted there except the 10 females who applied to the NYSC management based on marital grounds.
Omotade said, “No parent will be happy to see his or her ward in a community with peace challenge''.
He said that it was the joint decision of the state governing board and the NYSC that no corps member should be posted to areas that were experiencing security challenges.
According to him, although corps members are not the target in communal clashes, we will not risk it or expose them to danger zones.
- Advertisement -
Omotade, however, advised host communities to shun any forms of violence but embrace peace.
He said that it was only peace that could bring about development.
Speaking earlier, Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta, pledged his administration's continued support to corps members serving in the state in their genuine endeavours aimed at developing the state.
The governor, who was represented by the Commissioner for Higher Education, Mr. Jude Someone, said that the state government would not rest on its oars by providing corps members with improved welfare.
He said that the state government would always acknowledge and reward outstanding performances in the course of the service year.
The highlights of the occasion were the conferment of honesty award and giving letters of commendation to five serving corps members who distinguished themselves in honesty.
Omotade, while conferring the awards said that the corps members sometime in the past found expensive phones and huge sums of money belonging to their fellow corps members.
He said that they submitted the lost but found items to the NYSC management.
“These are rare and honest corps members we need to commend in spite of the hard times and the state of the Nigerian economy,'' he said.
ADVERTISEMENT
Hidden in the hills of western India lies an ancient temple, carved into the rock face more than a thousand years ago. Towering at more than 65 feet tall, it's a feat of engineering that remains remarkable to this day. But how did the builders create such a staggering work of art? The answer will blow you away.
Few places on Earth have a history as rich or as diverse as India. Over the centuries, many different cultures and dynasties have left their mark on the country, resulting in a landscape littered with architectural gems. And from the famous domes of the Taj Mahal to the pink-tinted city of Jaipur, many of those still draw millions of tourists to this day.
ADVERTISEMENT
But it is over in the western state of Maharashtra that one of India's most incredible treasures lies. Set in the Charanandri Hills some 18 miles outside the city of Aurangabad, Ellora is home to a sprawling network of cave temples – one of the most extensive of its kind in the whole world.
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
Severn boys lacrosse coach Jamie McNealey has stepped down to become the director of athletics at Calverton School in Huntingtown.
McNealey, a 1987 Severn graduate, spent the past two seasons in his second stint as coach there. After inheriting a team that went 6-9 and 0-9 in the Maryland Interscholastic Athletic Association A Conference in 2015, the Admirals went a combined 28-15 in McNealey's two seasons -- including an MIAA A semifinal showing in 2016. He previously coached at Severn from 1999 to 2003.
"It was a gift to be able to come back for the two seasons, and everyone gave everything they had. I had a phenomenal time with the kids. The program is alive and well, and the kids know everything is right in front of them."
McNealey is looking forward to the new challenge at Calverton, a K-through-12 private college prep school. He said it gives him a chance to reach more student-athletes in various sports.
Severn AD Julian Domenech praised McNealey's work at Severn.
"We're thankful that somebody of his caliber took on the position and gave us two good years. He did a great job, and the kids really bought into his personality and enjoyed playing for him," he said.
Matthew Cole / Capital Gazette Severn boys lacrosse coach Jamie McNealey watches his team from the sideline against visiting Loyola Blakefield on April 26, 2016. Severn boys lacrosse coach Jamie McNealey watches his team from the sideline against visiting Loyola Blakefield on April 26, 2016. (Matthew Cole / Capital Gazette) (Matthew Cole / Capital Gazette)
Domenech added that the search for McNealey's replacement has begun and anyone interested in the job can reach him at 410-647-7701, ext. 2284, or by email at j.domenech@severnschool.com.
Bruce Willis, Demi Moore donate Idaho Theater to troupe
HAILEY, Idaho (AP) – Actors Bruce Willis and Demi Moore have donated the Liberty Theatre in downtown Hailey to a local theater company.
The Idaho Statesman reports (http://bit.ly/2ir425O ) that the formalized gift gives the Company of Fools a secure, permanent space where the theatrical company has performed since 1996.
The couple, who are now divorced, bought the historic movie house in 1995 with the idea of transforming it into a live-performance space. The next year, they encouraged friends Rusty Wilson and Denise Simone to relocate their theater company to Idaho to perform on the Liberty's thrust stage.
In 2013, Company of Fools merged with the Sun Valley Center for the Arts, creating the largest arts organization in Idaho.
Moore and Willis are longtime supporters of the Wood River Valley.
Related
comments
Smoking rates across the UK continue to fall, with a sharp decline since 2010 among younger people, figures show.
In 2016, 15.8% of adults in the UK smoked, down from 17.2% in 2015, the data from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) showed.
Some 15.5% of adults currently smoke in England, rising to 18.1% in Northern Ireland, 17.7% in Scotland and 16.9% in Wales.
Across the UK, 5.6% of people - around 2.9 million - used e-cigarettes in 2016.
Duncan Selbie, chief executive of Public Health England, said there were now more than half a million fewer smokers in England than in 2015.
He said the UK now has the second lowest smoking rates in Europe after Sweden.
He added: "What is really fantastic news is that this steep decline is even greater among young adults (aged 18 to 24), where smoking has fallen by a staggering quarter since 2010, reversing a long trend."
In 2010, 26% of this age group smoked, dropping to 19% in 2016.
Mr Selbie said: "It's now hard to believe that back in 1974 almost half of adults smoked. But now an end really is in sight and we have a real opportunity to virtually eliminate all the harm, misery and death caused by smoking."
Dr Penny Woods, chief executive of the British Lung Foundation, said: "People who quit live longer and feel better, no matter their age. However we must not be complacent. Smoking is still the UK's biggest cause of early preventable death.
"Approximately 100,000 people die needlessly from smoking-related diseases every year in our hospitals - it's time to tackle the human and financial cost the tobacco industry creates.
"These statistics confirm that e-cigarettes are mainly being used to help people quit. Given half of long-term smokers die as a result of their habit, using vaping to help someone stop smoking could literally save their lives.
"A new tobacco control plan was expected to be published last year. It is now well overdue, and must be a priority for the new Government."
Ash chief executive Deborah Arnott said: "One in two lifetime smokers will die from smoking-related disease, so a fall in smoking rates of this scale will save many thousands of lives in years to come.
"This proves that tobacco control policies work when they are part of a comprehensive strategy and are properly funded."
ROBERTO Firmino bagged two goals and two assists to help Liverpool to victory last night – but who's the wife behind the star?
The Reds took a big step towards the Champions League final with a 5-2 win over AS Roma in their semi-final, first leg at Anfield on yesterday. Firmino, 26, was rampant in attack and he's winning off the field too with his stunning wife Larissa Pereira. The Liverpool star married her last summer and the pair have been a hit on social media. They're always sharing pics of trips away on exotic holidays, with the gorgeous Larissa happy to show off her bikini body next to her Brazilian hubby.
INSTAGRAM STUNNING: Larissa shares snaps of herself and Firmino online
“I love you and that I want you more than anything” Larissa Pereira The pair have been inseparable since they started dating in 2014 and have two daughters together called Valentina and Bella. Larissa loves taking to Instagram to share photos of her and her hubby posing for the camera. She wrote Roberto a gushing poem last Valentine's Day with a loving image of the pair together.
Meet Roberto Firmino's incredible WAG Larissa Pereira ROBERTO FIRMINO has posted photos of himself posing with wife Larissa Pereira on social media while on holiday back in Brazil. 1 / 30 INSTAGRAM Roberto Firmino and Larissa Pereira on holiday
She posted: "Sometimes I think I should tell you more than times. That I love you and that I want you more than anything. "For tonight it comes to live here, here there are people that come and change our plans. "And that makes our life to move forward. Now yes I know where to go."
GETTY/INSTAGRAM MARRIED: Roberto Firmino and Larissa Pereira tied the knot last year
"And from this life nothing takes. And deep down everyone waits," Larissa added. "A love that comes to add to complete our saint beat. The love of your life is me. "Everything that is mine today is yours. And the end does not even have to rhyme."
Roberto Firmino's sexy wife Larissa poses in small bikini on holiday with Liverpool star ROBERTO FIRMINO's gorgeous wife Larissa has been showing off her incredible figure on holiday in Brazil with the Liverpool star. 1 / 8 INSTAGRAM Roberto Firmino's sexy wife Larissa poses in small bikini on holiday with Liverpool star
Roma were given fresh hope last night when they scored two late goals. But Liverpool were rampant in going 5-0 up. Two superbly taken goals from Mohamed Salah gave Juergen Klopp's side a 2-0 lead at halftime and Liverpool ripped Roma apart after the break.
Roberto Firmino celebrates marriage to Larissa Pereira in Brazil with Liverpool team-mates LIVERPOOL star Roberto Firmino has married his partner Larissa Pereira in a ceremony in Brazil. 1 / 27 INSTAGRAM Photos from Roberto Firmino and Larissa Pereira's wedding in Brazil
A funeral will be held for a "perfect" young couple who were killed in the Manchester Arena bombing.
The service for Liam Curry, 19, and Chloe Rutherford, 17, will take place at St Hilda's Church in South Shields, South Tyneside.
The couple's families have asked people attending to wear pink and blue for the funeral.
The teenagers, who were described as "inseparable", were among the 22 people killed in the terror attack on the Ariana Grande concert last month.
Miss Rutherford was studying music at college and was about to start an apprenticeship in travel.
Graeme Brett, owner of Westoe Travel in South Shields where she worked part-time, said: "She was a lovely, bubbly girl.
"The photograph you saw of her smiling, that's just her."
He added: "Liam would come and pick her up after work - he was always there early waiting for her.
"The two of them were always together, very close, he was a lovely lad.
"They were always such a perfect couple."
Mr Curry, a former pupil of Gateshead College, was studying for a degree in sport and exercise science at Northumbria University.
His father, Andrew Curry, died aged 49 in March after being diagnosed with cancer.
Liam had raised money for the Sir Bobby Robson Foundation, which funds cancer research, since he was 14.
A foundation spokeswoman said: "Liam was an outstanding young man and a great credit to his family."
Malaysian police say they have arrested a woman in connection with the death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother.
Wednesday's statement says the woman was arrested at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. She was carrying Vietnamese travel documents.
Kim Jong-un's half brother died Monday after suddenly falling ill at the airport. According to a Malaysian government official, Kim told medical workers before he died that he had been attacked with a chemical spray.
The Times will update this article.
ARSENAL boss Unai Emery has been made to feel very welcome by the club and is an ideal replacement for Arsene Wenger.
That's according to sports marketing expert Dr Elisavet Manoli of Loughborough University. The Gunners appointed Emery, 46, in May after Wenger brought his 22-year reign to an end. And he has already been busy, signing up Sokratis Papastathopoulos, Bernd Leno and Stephan Lichsteiner to join him in north London.
Getty Unai Emery is the perfect replacement for Arsene Wenger, says Dr Elisavet Manoli
“They have welcomed the new manager in a way that aligns with who they are” Dr Elisavet Manoli There is optimism surrounding the Spaniard and one expert believes this holds him in good stead. Speaking to StarSport exclusively, Dr Manoli said: “I think they've done it according to their brand. “If they pulled in a campaign that was completely off what they stand for as a club, that would be different.
MIRPURKHAS - Civil Hospital Mirpurkhas has failed to provide proper medical treatment facilities to the masses as evident by the fact that over 50 seats of doctors, including specialists, are lying vacate
This was stated by Member Rabita Committee Muttahida Qaumi Movement-Pakistan (MQM-P) and MPA Dr Zafar Ahmed Kamali , in a statement issued here on Monday.
He said the hospital was being run on PPP's agenda.
He added that on one hand, poor patients were deprived of free of cost medicines, on the other fees were being charged from them in the name of service charges.
He lamented that over 50 posts of doctors, including of specialists like gynae, surgical, cardiac, orthopedic, general physician and radiologist were lying vacant that was also caused of its failure to deliver health facilities to the masses.
He also held the civil surgeon, in-charge of the hospital, responsible for the mess, saying he was inefficient as he had been appointed on the orders of PPP MNA and was continuing in the office on his wishes. He alleged that the hospital's budget and other funds were being misused and a retired doctor was placed in administration to collect the fee amounts and other illegal money matters of the hospital.
He further alleged that sub-standard meals were being provided to the indoor patients that were the cause of stomach diseases.
He demanded the Sindh chief minister, Sindh governor, health minister, chief justice Sindh High Court and other authorities to take immediate notice of the matter, ensure appointments of doctors on merit, provision of required medicines and other facilities to the patients, end to charging of illegal fees in the name of service charges, and stopping a retired doctor from playing a role in the administration.
LONG BEACH, Calif. (AP) - A Tulsa, Oklahoma man who ambushed and killed a woman and her 4-year-old daughter in an unprovoked attack on a Long Beach, California, street will spend life in prison.
Twenty-three-year-old Brandon Colbert Jr. was sentenced to two life terms without parole on Friday. A judge said he's shown no "respect, sorrow nor remorse."
The hearing was disrupted when Colbert, who has a history of mental illness, tried to leave court, saying he didn't want to stay for victim impact statements. Three bailiffs tackled him and he was strapped to a chair.
Prosecutors say in 2016, Colbert hid behind a sign and opened fire with a shotgun, killing 26-year-old Carina Mancera and her daughter, Jennabel Anaya.
The girl's father wasn't hit.
Colbert didn't know the family.
DNA linked him to the killings.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Sydney: Power hitters Chris Lynn and Glenn Maxwell propelled Australia to a convincing seven-wicket victory over New Zealand in the first tri-series Twenty20 match at the Sydney Cricket Ground on Saturday.
Lynn (44 runs from 33 balls) and Maxwell (40 not out from 24 balls) shared in a scorching 77-run stand from just 53 balls to steer Australia to the rain-reduced total of 95 from 15 overs with 21 balls to spare.
Despite a top-order wobble, in which captain David Warner and the debutant D'Arcy Short fell inside the first three overs, the belligerent power of Lynn and Maxwell swamped the Kiwi bowling attack.
"We haven't had a lot of success in T20 cricket and to get a win at the start of the tri-series is very good for us and builds some confidence within the team," Maxwell said.
"It could have gone either way with two wickets down in the early powerplay and we were able to still play positively and play to our strengths."
Australia's victory was earlier set up by towering paceman Billy Stanlake whose fierce pace justified Warner's decision to bowl first after winning the toss, as he wrecked New Zealand's top order with three wickets in the space of his first eight balls.
Stanlake startled Colin Munro with his high bounce for debutant wicketkeeper Alex Carey to race out to point to complete the catch.
Martin Guptill was then flummoxed next ball by a perfect-length seamer that flicked the top of off stump.
Stanlake narrowly missed his hat-trick as Tom Bruce clipped an attempted yorker through the leg side for three.
"I don't want to put a ceiling on how fast I can bowl," Stanlake told Channel Nine.
"I want to push harder each year and hopefully I can keep doing that as my body matures."
Andrew Tye claimed four wickets as Australia restricted New Zealand to a below-par 117 for nine off their 20 overs.
Tye mopped up the Kiwi tail to finish with four wickets for 23, while towering paceman Stanlake claimed three wickets inside the powerplay to dismantle the Kiwis' top order.
Australia had New Zealand at 60 for five before Colin de Grandhomme hit an unbeaten 38 from 24 balls with three sixes and a four.
De Grandhomme launched two massive sixes off leg-spinner Adam Zampa with the Black Caps managing just four sixes in the entire innings.
Stanlake, who has had a storming Big Bash League season for the Adelaide Strikers, underlined why he is one of the hottest prospects in the country and has been locked up on a Cricket Australia central contract.
Tye's first wicket owed much to Warner's catch, running backwards to make the grab and remove Kiwi captain Kane Williamson for eight from 21 balls.
Australia play England in the second match of the tri-series in Hobart on Wednesday.
A previously undetected group of Russian-language hackers silently stole nearly US$10 million from at least 18 mostly U.S. and Russian banks in recent years by targeting interbank transfer systems, a Moscow-based security firm said on Monday.
FRANKFURT: A previously undetected group of Russian-language hackers silently stole nearly US$10 million from at least 18 mostly U.S. and Russian banks in recent years by targeting interbank transfer systems, a Moscow-based security firm said on Monday.
Group-IB warned that the attacks, which began 18 months ago and allow money to be robbed from bank automated teller machines (ATMs), appear to be ongoing and that banks in Latin America could be targeted next.
The first attack occurred in the spring of 2016 against First Data's "STAR" network, the largest U.S. bank transfer messaging system connecting ATMs at more than 5,000 organisations, Group-IB researchers said in a 36-page report.
The firm said it was continuing to investigate a number of incidents where hackers studied how to make money transfers through the SWIFT banking system, while stopping short of saying whether any such attacks had been carried out successfully.
SWIFT said in October that hackers were still targeting its interbank messaging system, but security controls instituted after last year's US$81 million heist at Bangladesh's central bank had thwarted many of those attempts. (http://reut.rs/2z1b7Bo)
Group-IB has dubbed the hacker group "MoneyTaker" after the name of software it used to hijack payment orders to then cash out funds through a network of low-level "money mules" who were hired to pick up money from automated teller machines.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The security researchers said they had identified 18 banks who were hit including 15 across 10 states in the United States, two in Russia and one in Britain. Beside banks, financial software firms and one law firm were targeted.
The average amount of money stolen in each of 14 U.S. ATM heists was US$500,000 per incident. Losses in Russia averaged US$1.2 million per incident, but one bank there managed to catch the attack and return some of the stolen funds, Group-IB said.
Hackers also stole documentation for OceanSystems' Fed Link transfer system used by 200 banks in Latin America and the United States, it said. In addition, they successfully attacked the Russian interbank messaging system known as AW CRB.
Once hackers penetrated targeted banks and financial organisations, they stole internal bank documentation in order to mount future ATM attacks, Group-IB said. In Russia, the hackers continued to spy on bank networks after break-ins, while at least one U.S. bank had documents robbed twice, it said.
Group-IB said it had notified Interpol and Europol in order to assist in law enforcement investigations.
The unidentified hackers used a mix of constantly changing tools and tactics to bypass anti virus and other traditional security software while being careful to eliminate traces of their operations, helping them to go largely unnoticed. To disguise their moves, hackers used security certificates from brands such as Bank of America, the Fed, Microsoft and Yahoo.
(Reporting by Eric Auchard; editing by Mark Heinrich)
Anne Arundel County police plan to make an announcement Friday afternoon on a gang-related homicide investigation.
Lt. Ryan Frashure, police spokesman, said in a statement released Friday morning that Chief Timothy Altomare will speak about the investigation at 1:30 p.m.
Police did not offer any other details about the investigation.
The news conference in Millersville follows last week's announcement of a new gang task force, which Altomare and other law enforcement officials said signified a change in priorities as they continue to tackle the county's opioid and heroin addiction problem.
At that announcement — in which officials said they'd be combining resources from Annapolis, Anne Arundel, and federal law enforcement agencies — Altomare demurred when asked about what gangs the task force would be targeting.
The county, particularly in Annapolis, has seen a handful of violent crimes police said are linked to the El Salvadoran gang MS-13 — a topic that dominated last week's announcement.
Earlier this year, a student was allegedly beaten up outside of Annapolis High School for not joining the gang. Two adults were indicted by an Anne Arundel County grand jury on multiple assault and gang-related charges.
A group of men is also facing assault and attempted murder charges in connection with an incident last year when police said two men were attacked with “edged” weapons, knives and gun.
A Severn man is also facing federal racketeering charges as prosecutors say he helped to run MS-13's various interconnecting branches.
Police have made efforts to reach out to the Hispanic community over concerns about gang violence in their neighborhoods.
At a September meeting, police discussed several missing persons cases involving members of the community, which have not been linked to any gang-related violence.
twitter.com/PhilDavis_CG
Later this year, Mercedes-Benz confirmed that Daimler AG will no longer offer gasoline-powered Smart cars in the U.S. and Canada after the 2017 model year. The company will now change the microcar brand that might be accessible in electric vehicle form.
Officials from Mercedes-Benz USA, which supervises Smart's sales, told U.S. merchants about the choice in a call and a letter, which obtained by Automotive News. In a letter, Dietmar Exler, CEO of Mercedes-Benz USA stated that the developments in the microcar segment show a few difficulties for the present Smart product portfolio.
Therefore, the Smart lineup will consist solely of the zero-emissions Smart electric-drive car and cabrio in the U.S. and Canada, and the change is relevant for the U.S. and Canada markets, Exler added. The move reflects on falling deals for the two-seat Smart ForTwo as the low gasoline prices have powered demand for SUVs and crossovers.
Advertisement
According to Automobile, Smart started selling the ForTwo in the U.S. for the 2008 model before presenting an electric model for 2011. Mercedes-Benz representative Rob Moran said that the gas controlled Smart ForTwo car and convertible will be ended after 2017 model. The current arrangement is to stop the production of North America in April while the sales continue until all units will be sold.
Despite the fact that the 2017 model car went at a bargain towards the beginning of December, Smart still has 2016 models in merchants inventory, which runs an extraordinary promotion renting 2016 cars for $89 a month. However, Moran did not give a yearly volume expected for electric-drive models.
Mercedes appears to be certain that the choice will fit the company's objectives for the future. The letter said that the electric is fundamental to its long-term powertrain strategy in the U.S., and the Smart ForTwo electric drive will assume an essential part in carrying it forward.
Ugly Sweater Party
In a land of ice and snow, ugly sweater parties are the costume contests we need. This Tuesday, the VFW is getting into the butt-ugly holiday spirit as people will gather to drink in toasty comfort. There will be music, snacks, and drinking, plus mistletoe for those who need an excuse to get a little randy. Tuesday at 8:30 p.m. Uptown VFW, 2916 Lyndale Ave. S., Minneapolis.
The 11th Annual Star Wars Holiday Special
Forget The Empire Strikes Back or The Last Jedi, The Star Wars Holiday Special may just be the best Star Wars thing out there. It aired once in the late '70s, and it sucked so hard that people lost their jobs, actors refused to talk about it, and George Lucas shakes his fist at God anytime it's mentioned. Decades later, a benevolent hoarder with a VHS began circulating this thing and people realised that it was actually... totally awesome. There are Wookiees who look like they live in an '80s sitcom, there is an animated short that dazzles stoners, there's an oddly homoerotic set from Jefferson Starship, and there's a song from Bea Freakin' Arthur telling everyone to go the fuck home and sober up. It's the perfect holiday special for our modern era of post-irony. The special will air three magical times this Wednesday at BLB. Folks come dressed up, and the folks who host it will be collecting toys and cash donations for Toys for Tots. 4, 7, 10 p.m. Wednesday. Admission is free with a new, unwrapped toy donation. Bryant-Lake Bowl Theater, 810 W. Lake St., Minneapolis; 612-825-3737.
Promo
Santa comes to Sociable
Naw, you're not too old to hang with Santa, especially when he's helping your score a free pint. At this chill party at Sociable, revelers will be able to warm their insides with Fat Bike hot mulled cider (there will be a non-alcoholic cider as well for kids and non-drinkers). Bring a new unwrapped toy donation to score that free pint. Pics with Santa will be encouraged, and Minneapolis Craft Market will be on hand for any gifts you still need to check off your shopping list. 4 to 6 p.m. Thursday. Sociable Cider Werks, 1500 Fillmore St. NE, Minneapolis.
A past visit from the Hamm's Bear at Skinner's in St. Paul Sue Kelly
Meet the Hamm's Bear
The Hamm's Bear is a 65-year-old mascot borne of an era when it was okay to use cartoons to peddle adults-only products. Though the beer bear is now semi-retired, he is still much loved in Minnesota, showing up on collectibles, in beer- and local-history exhibitions, and there's even a six-foot statue paying tribute to him in the Seventh Street Mall. This Thursday, some dude will be putting on the Hamm's Bear costume and showing up at Skinner's. It's not creepy; just roll with it. During the happy hour, folks will be invited to pose with him for pictures, shop memorabilia, and enjoy canned Hamm's for $1. 5 to 7 p.m. Thursday. Skinner's Pub and Eatery, 919 Randolph Ave., St. Paul; 651-291-0146.
ISLAMABAD, April 18 (APP): President Mamnoon Hussain Tuesday said the prices of medicines should be within the purchasing power of the masses so that low-income group could also avail health facilities.
Talking to Secretary Ministry of National Health Services Muhammad Ayub Sheikh here at the Aiwan-e-Sadr, He called for early operationalization of laboratory for verification of locally manufactured medicines from World Health Organization (WHO) to enhance export of medicines.
The president said various countries were interested in buying
medicine from Pakistan, however noted that pharmaceutical exports were not increasing due to non verification from WHO.
He commended the efforts of ministry in establishing drug testing laboratories in Islamabad and Lahore according to the standards of WHO and stressed the need for their early completion.
Expressing satisfaction over manufacturing and availability of
lifesaving drug for Hepatitis C on low price, he emphasized on manufacturing other essential drugs as well.
Secretary Health Muhammad Ayub Sheikh apprised the president about the policy of the ministry regarding the prices of medicines.
He informed that work on establishing laboratories in Islamabad and Karachi was progressing at a rapid pace in line with WHO standards.
Turkey's Supreme Election Board on Wednesday announced final results in June 24 presidential and parliamentary elections, confirming President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's victory with 52.59 percent of the votes.
Out of 50,068,627 valid votes, ruling Justice and Development Party (AK Party) candidate Erdoğan, backed by the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) in the presidential race received 26,330,823 votes, followed by Republican People's Party (CHP) candidate Muharrem Ince at 30.64 percent with 15,340,321 votes.
Here are the results in presidential elections:
Recep Tayyip Erdoğan: 52.59% - 26,330,823
Muharrem Ince: 30.64% - 15,340,321
Selahattin Demirtaş (HDP): 8.40% - 4,205,974
Meral Akşener (IP): 7.29% - 3,649,030
Temel Karamollaoğlu (SP): 0.89% - 443,704
Doğu Perinçek (VP): 0.20% - 98,955
Here are the results in parliamentary elections:
Registered Voters: 59,367,469
Votes Cast: 51,189,444
Valid Votes: 50,137,175
Invalid Votes: 1,052,269
Participation Rate: 86.22%
Justice and Development Party (AK Party): 42.56% - 21,338,693 (overseas votes: 776,591)
Republican People's Party (CHP): 22.65% - 11,354,190 (overseas votes: 267,293)
Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP): 11.70% - 5,867,302 (overseas votes: 260,680)
Nationalist Movement Party (MHP): 11.10% - 5,565,331 (overseas votes: 120,603)
Good Party (IYI Party - IP): 9.96% - 4,993,479 (overseas votes: 60,696)
Felicity Party (SP): 1.34% - 672,139 (overseas votes: 11,390)
Free Cause Party (HüdaPar): 0.31% - 155,539 (overseas votes: 1,890)
Patriotic Party (VP): 0.23% - 114,872 (overseas votes: 4,023)
Independent: 0.15% - 75.630
People's Alliance (AK Party, MHP): 53.66% - 26,904,077
Nation Alliance (CHP, IP, SP): 33.95% - 17,019,808
Here is the seat distribution in 600-deputy parliament:
AK Party: 295
CHP: 146
HDP: 67
MHP: 49
IP: 43
People's Alliance: 344
Nation Alliance: 189
- Advertisement -
Chelsea have been drawn against Barcelona in the last 16 of the Champions League, while Tottenham will face Italian champions Juventus.
Premier League leaders Manchester City will play Switzerland's Basel, Manchester United face La Liga side Sevilla and Liverpool take on Portugal's Porto.
Holders Real Madrid will face Paris St-Germain.
A record five English teams progressed from the group stage this season.
Chelsea were the only English team to make it through as runners-up, with the other four sides all topping their respective groups.
The Blues have arguably been handed the most difficult tie, and it comes days after boss Antonio Conte conceded that their Premier League title defence was over following their defeat by West Ham, which left them 14 points adrift of Manchester City.
- Advertisement -
However, Chelsea did beat Barcelona in the semi-finals before lifting the Champions League trophy in 2012.
Real Madrid, who are aiming for a 13th title and third in a row, were given a tough draw against big-spending PSG after finishing behind Tottenham in Group H.
The group winners will be away in the round of 16 first legs on 13/14 and 20/21 February, and at home in the return matches on 6/7 and 13/14 March.
The final will take place in Kiev on 26 May.
Champions League last-16 draw
Juventus v Tottenham
Basel v Manchester City
Porto v Liverpool
Sevilla v Manchester United
Real Madrid v PSG
Shakhtar Donetsk v Roma
Chelsea v Barcelona
Bayern Munich v Besiktas
LUDINGTON, Mich. (AP) — A sheriff's office in western Michigan has changed part of its policy after an inmate was allowed to leave jail in below freezing temperatures without wearing a shirt or shoes.
The Ludington Daily News reports that Nick Wroble left Mason County's jail Tuesday bare-chested and in socks. Temperatures during the day ranged from 18 degrees to 24 degrees.
The old policy required jail clothing to remain inside the facility. Relatives also could not bring clothing before an inmate's release.
Sheriff Kim Cole said Wroble was given his shirt and other belongings and spent more than a minute playing outside with his dog before getting into a waiting car. Cole said Wroble didn't want dog hair on the shirt.
He added that Wroble, who was jailed for breaking and entering with intent, “did not have shoes and he should have had shoes.”
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
VANCOUVER – The well known Lalji family has made a generous donation to BC Women's Hospital to support their new Urgent Care Centre.
The well known Ismaili family has made a $3 million gift, said BC Women's Hospital. Grateful for their lives, the Laljis are honoured to give back to those just beginning theirs.
In the 1970s, the Lalji family fled violence in Uganda and found peace and safety in Canada. The Laljis now wish to offer a similar safe harbour of care to new mothers and their babies at the Urgent Care Centre at BC Women's Hospital. By establishing their successful real estate business, Larco Investments, the Laljis have been able to generously support many important causes.
The Lalji family values women as a cornerstone of our society and is passionate about contributing to building healthy families and communities. “Coming to Canada has given us immense opportunity and this is just one way that we can give back to people who need to care at such an important time in their lives,” said Mansoor Lalji.
The new Urgent Care Centre at BC Women's Hospital, supported by the Lalji family, is the only one of its kind in Canada for women who are pregnant through until six-weeks post-birth, who arrive for triage, assessment, and admissions to BC Women's Hospital. The impressive new facility provides care to mothers in a quiet, private and welcoming space while enabling interdisciplinary collaboration and features:
10 large private single-patient rooms with designated space for a family member and private patient washrooms
Redesigned clinical and patient areas to improve line-of-sight and flow of patients
Large team care centre and private providers area to ensure inter-professional consults and interdisciplinary work
Improved infection control with dedicated infection isolation rooms
“The gift the Laljis have given BC Women's is a testament to their commitment to giving back to the community that supported them,” said Genesa M. Greening, President and CEO of BC Women's Hospital Foundation. “They are living out the values of what it means to pay it forward, and we hope that the future generations of British Columbians who will begin their lives here will be just as inspired.”
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) — There are a number of places you can go to see the upcoming solar eclipse on Monday, August 21.
The Buffalo Astronomical Association listed the following places where you can go to see it:
Buffalo Museum of Science, 1020 Humboldt Parkway
Whitworth Ferguson Planetarium at Buckham Hall, Buffalo State College
Buffalo & Erie County Public Library's Central Branch, 1 Lafayette Square
Wilkeson Pointe at the Outer Harbor, 225 Fuhrmann Boulevard
Here are some other places you can go, outside of Buffalo:
Blasdell – Penn Dixie Fossil Park & Nature Preserve, 4050 North Street
Fredonia – Science Center at SUNY Fredonia, 280 Central Ave – 12-4 p.m.
Niagara Falls City Schools District Central Office, 630 66th Street
Wilson – Calvin Krueger Park, 350 Ontario Street
The eclipse will begin at 1:11 p.m., and the maximum amount of sun coverage will occur at 2:33 p.m. It will end at 3:51 p.m.
MORE
A 17-year-old boy, Sunday Omowaye, who allegedly defiled a 9-year-old girl was on Friday arraigned before an Ikeja Chief Magistrates' court.
The accused, a fashion designer who resides at 14, Baale St., Ilaje area in Ajah, suburb of Lagos, was charged with defilement.
The Prosecutor, Insp. Clifford Ogu, told the court that the offence was committed on Jan. 18 inside a church in Ilaje area of Ajah, Lagos.
Ogu said that the accused who worshipped in that church went there, claiming that he went to the church to take measurements of some of the church members.
“He met only the 9-year-old girl inside, ordered her to close the door and unknowingly, the girl did.
“He then threatened to kill the girl if she shouted and subsequently defiled her, “he said.
Ogu said that thereafter the girl ran to the security guard outside the church and told him what happened.
“Before the accused thought of leaving the church, the security guard had apprehended him,” he added.
The prosecutor said the offence violated Section 137 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015.
The accused, however, pleaded not guilty to the charge.
Chief Magistrate Taiwo Akanni granted the accused a bail of N200,000 with two sureties in like sum.
She adjourned the case until Feb. 12 for mention.
Bengaluru: India will increase the range of the supersonic Brahmos cruise missile to 450 km from existing 290 km, and a test is likely around March 10, DRDO chief S Christopher said on Wednesday.
However he denied any plans for increasing the range of the Agni missile, which has a range above 5,000 km.
The range of the Brahmos missile, a joint venture of India and Russia, is 290 km, though it is capable of going beyond that range.
The Brahmos missile, having a range of 290 km and a 2.8 speed, is capable of being launched from land, sea, sub-sea and air against sea and land targets.
NIAGARA FALLS, N.Y. (WIVB) – Niagara Falls is home to a lot of hidden gems. One of those is a theatre on Pine Avenue in one of the city's historic buildings.
Rosemarie Lorenti, Co-Founder of the Patchwork Theatre of Niagara told News 4,”The reason that we have the name ‘The Patchwork Theatre' is because we have all of these remnants patched together.”
Inside the NAAC, the old Niagara Falls High School, sits The Patchwork Theatre.
William Horn, Co-Founder of the Patchwork Theatre of Niagara, told News 4, “When I decided to go on this endeavor, create a theater, this space had just become available. It was a recording studio and before that it was a chemistry lab when it was a high school. I eventually fought for this room and got it. I spent about 6 months renovating it into a theatre.”
The NAAC is home to 2 other theaters and more than 75 artists and cultural groups. Horn shared, “I wanted to have some sort of quality theatre on par with say what you would find in Buffalo but here in Niagara Falls. Our first season, our entire first season is something I'm very proud of. Just because that was our way of showing that it could be done.”
During their fourth season the theatre suffered from a flooding incident that shut them down for a few weeks. Horn said, “It collapsed our ceiling and flooded our carpeted stage and our platform. It was a setback.”
Luckily with the help of fundraisers they were able to get the theatre back up and running for their next production titled ‘First Date'. Horn told News 4 what to expect. He said, “It's a musical comedy about a very awkward and cute first date between two strangers, a blind date.”
That show will run the week of Valentine's Day. If you would like ticket information for that show or information on future events click here.
A porno taking the piss out of blockbuster Justice League romped to glory at sexxx-rated cinema's equivalent of the Oscars.
Justice League XXX: An Axel Braun Parody took home the most hardware at the 35th annual Adult Video News Awards in Las Vegas this week.
The raunchy epic won Best Director (Feature), Best Special Effects, Best Makeup, Best Art Direction, Best Marketing Campaign and Braun's eighth consecutive Best Parody award.
“I must say, in my entire career, no other production has been as cursed as this one,” Braun told the gathered throng.
“Literally everything that could have possibly gone wrong, did. Luckily I had two things going for me: my passion for the source material, and the unwavering support, commitment, and loyalty of a fantastic group of people who gave 110% and made it possible for me to be here right now, staring at my eighth consecutive Best Parody AVN Award, humbled and so incredibly proud of the movie we made.”
Okay, so Braun isn't Sally “you like me, you really like me” Field.
The raunch-o-ramma stars Romi Rain (Bouncing Boob Bonanza, Lesbian PsychoDramas 28) as Wonder Woman, Giovanni Francesco as Batman, Ryan Driller as Superman, Jessica Drake as Cat Grant, and the late August Ames as Lashina.
Other DC Comics stars making appearances are Green Lantern, Flash, Lex Luthor, Lana Lang and Selina Kyle.
Braun — a veritable Francis Ford Coppola of the carnal — has frequently mined comics for material.
Other titles he has directed include: Suicide Squad XXX, Avengers vs X-Men XXX, Wonder Woman XXX, and Batman v. Superman XXX.
The director's Star Wars XXX: A Porn Parody is the highest selling porn in history.
The real Justice League got zero nominations for this year's Oscars.
bhunter@postmedia.com
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. (AP) — The Buffalo Bills began restocking their offensive line in free agency by reaching agreements to sign center Russell Bodine and tackle Marshall Newhouse.
Bodine agreed to a two-year deal after making 64 consecutive starts through his first four NFL seasons with Cincinnati Bengals. Listed at 6-foot-3 and 308 pounds, he was selected in the fourth round of the 2014 draft out of North Carolina.
The Bills have a need at center after returning starter Eric Wood was diagnosed with a career-ending neck injury in January.
Newhouse agreed to a one-year contract and has seven seasons of NFL experience split over four teams. He started 14 games at right tackle with the Raiders last season.
Listed at 6-foot-3 and 330 pounds, Newhouse was selected by Green Bay in the fifth round of the 2010 draft and spent three seasons playing both the right and left tackle spots with the Packers.
Buffalo traded starting left tackle Cordy Glenn to Cincinnati last week and lost backup tackle Seantrel Henderson in free agency.
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Investigators confirmed one woman was killed, and a man is in the hospital following an explosion in Cherokee County.
Hear me, o healing world: Charles Manson is dead, gone. In the words of the real Jesus: It is finished. Reports are that in his handwritten will, Manson wrote: "I'm not in the best spot to rest in peace."
"Good riddance!" crowed Geraldo Rivera, on national television when the end finally came. (Like him or not, Geraldo did one of the best in-person interviews with Manson ever, back in 1986. "Come on Charlie, stop bullshitting me!" he shouted, to Manson's face. To which all Charlie could answer was a quiet, polite "OK.")
But book publishers will always love Manson, the way they do Hitler; no one can say when the endless flow of books on these two fascinating killers will ever (i.e., never) end. This new book is "the real deal on the real wheel," to use a Charlie-ism: Dianne Lake's Member of the Family (William Morrow, $27.99) is a firsthand reminiscence of life with the Manson Family at the Spahn Ranch, back when she was 15 and her Manson-given name was Snake. (Deborah Herman is her co-author.)
Celebrity culture could be a part of the problem
Posted by Jonah Dratfield on December 11, 2017 · Leave a Comment
I don't want to perpetuate the myth of the tortured artist, but to some extent, the stereotype is true. People who choose to express their ideas and emotions through art generally do so because they can't express them well in ordinary contexts.
Being an artist is about self-expression, but it is also about the desire to be seen and heard. As George Orwell so eloquently stated in his essay “Why I Write,” sheer egoism motivates artists as much as anything else. In his essay, Orwell claimed that writers wish to be talked about and to be remembered after their deaths. He said that it was “humbug” for them to pretend otherwise.
For better or worse, most artists are not celebrated in this way. But what about those who are? Is the type of validation these artists receive the type of validation they truly need? Do the majority of these people have the necessary tools to handle this constant attention? I don't think so, and here's why:
The uncomfortable truth about being an artist is that your ability to create great art does not mean you are great at anything else. Artists are ordinary people with the capacity to communicate certain things in certain ways. But artistic skill is in no way synonymous with interpersonal well-being or, most importantly, commendable moral behavior. A cursory glance at the lives of famous artists shows this to be true. Miles Davis and John Lennon both changed music forever. They were also both physically abusive toward women. Woody Allen and Roman Polanski are both inarguably brilliant filmmakers. They have also both been accused of rape.
People often ask whether artists can be viewed separately from their art. While I don't think this question is irrelevant, I'm not confident that it's the right question. We always have and always will separate artists from their art. Art, by its very nature, transcends the individual who creates it. When you watch or listen to a stand-up comedian's act, you are not judging that stand-up comedian as a person, you are listening to the content of his comedy. We only judge artists using knowledge about their private lives when we have that knowledge, and this only happens on a large scale when the artist is a celebrity. And, as anyone who reads tabloids knows, knowledge about celebrities fades in and out of the public consciousness. If art survives, it will outlive the details that defined the persona of the artist who created it.
Instead of asking whether we can separate artists from their art, we should ask why so many people celebrated for creating art deal so poorly with the recognition that their talent provides them—and are so prone to abuse the power they obtain. In other words, what does our twisted celebrity culture do to celebrities themselves?
It is difficult for anyone to deal well with constant worship, but it is particularly difficult for people who have dealt with insecurity all their lives. It is not surprising that so many artists overstep their boundaries when the boundaries that exist for ordinary people are all but erased for them. There is nothing more intoxicating than finally obtaining what has eluded you your entire life. On the flipside, there is nothing more saddening than the realization that, though you are celebrated and admired, you are still as alienated and insecure as ever. The psychological toll of celebrity on the celebrity themselves is difficult to overstate.
I am not justifying the ways in which many celebrity artists abuse their power. There are no justifications for the things that many of these artists have been accused of or have admitted to doing. But, if we don't consider what it's like for artists to be worshipped, it will be difficult for us to address the problems that arise from this culture of worship. More than anything, it is imperative that communities of artists understand this. For, as much as it is the responsibility of artists to hone their crafts, create relevant works and explore the social issues of the time, it is their responsibility to be good people. While it is possible to be a great artist without being a great person, great artistry does not absolve you from morality. Most celebrated artists are not intrinsically detestable people, they are relatively normal people thrust into environments they are not adequately prepared for. If we become aware of this fact and create a culture of worship in which the worshipped figures are truly valued, we may just have the tools to prepare them.
Jonah Dratfield is a Collegian columnist and can be reached at jdratfield@umass.edu.
Hungary is not planning to move its Israeli Embassy to Jerusalem, Prime Minister Viktor Orban said on Monday, adding that the government's Middle East policy was unchanged.
BUDAPEST: Hungary is not planning to move its Israeli Embassy to Jerusalem, Prime Minister Viktor Orban said on Monday, adding that the government's Middle East policy was unchanged.
"This (option) has not come up," Orban told reporters in response to a question in parliament according to an audio recording of his remarks published on the website of private broadcaster HirTV.
"Hungary sees no reason to change its Middle East policy," Orban said. "We will continue with the balanced politics we have been pursuing." He did not elaborate.
On Friday Hungary blocked a statement planned by all EU 28 governments in response to Trump's announcement and the Foreign Ministry said Hungary was in favour of a negotiated solution in the Middle East.
(Reporting by Gergely Szakacs; Editing by Richard Balmforth)
MORGAN Freeman has been hit by rumours of an incestuous relationship.
Kevin Winter/Getty Images Morgan Freeman's step-granddaughters killer says the relatives were sleeping together
Lawyers defending Lamar Davenport – the man accused of killing Morgan Freeman's step-granddaughter – have claimed she was having a sexual relationship with the star. E'Dena Hines was just 33-years-old when she was stabbed to death outside her apartment in Washington Heights, New York, on August 16 2015. She was the granddaughter of Morgan's first wife, Jeanette Adair Bradshaw and was later adopted by Freeman, 80, and his first wife, Myrna. Davenport – who had previously been in a turbulent relationship with Hines – is currently on trial for her murder.
Kevin Winter/Getty Images SCANDAL: Morgan Freeman has been accused of having an sexual relationship with his grandaughter
Six week before her death, on July 3 2015, Hines texted Davenport saying she was having problems with an older man and alluding to her sexually inappropriate relationship with the Shawshank actor. She wrote: "I don't ask him for advice, he was calling to ask me . . . I blocked him for myself not for you, because men who equal grandpa feelings don't need to be in my life at all." The pair also discussed the status of their seemingly rocky relationship, questioning whether they should take a break, as well as Hine's close relationship with her famous relative. Davenport wrote: "When it comes to . . . your grandfather, there's a submissive love that will always be there."
CHANCE YEH /Patrick McMullan via Getty Images CLOSE RELATIONSHIP: The pair previously denied relationship rumours
Kevin Winter/Getty Images SHOCK: The star is renowned for maintaining a private personal life
Freeman is yet to address the latest revelation, but has previously spoken out about his alleged relationship with his step-granddaughter. Back in 2009, The National Enquirer published a story in which they alleged the the A-lister had been having a year-long affair with E'Dena, who reportedly hoped to marry the actor. In 2012 a source claimed the pair were planning to marry. Shortly after, Freeman released a statement which read: "The recent reports of any pending marriage or romantic relationship of me to anyone are defamatory fabrications from the tabloid media designed to sell papers. "What is even more alarming is that these fabrications are now being picked up by the legitimate press as well." Hines meanwhile said: "These stories about me and my grandfather are not only untrue, they are also hurtful to me and my family."
VALERIE MACON/AFP/Getty Images AWARD-WINNING ACTOR: The star has become something of a veteran actor over the years
Celebrity age gap couples See what celebrity couples have surprising age gaps from the likes of Cheryl and Liam Payne. 1 / 24 alejandra_silva__ Actor Richard Gere, 68, married his Spanish girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 35
After a 3–3 start, the Jumbos have started to steer their season in the right direction with three straight victories. Following a buzzer-beating three-pointer by senior quad-captain Vincent Pace against Brandeis last weekend, Tufts rattled off back-to-back mid-week road wins against Emerson and UMass-Boston.
Though both games show up equally in the win column, the Jumbos took very different routes to their eventual wins. While Tufts was forced to mount a major comeback against Emerson on Wednesday, Thursday's game at UMass-Boston required no such effort.
Both the Jumbos and the Beacons got off to slow starts on Thursday, with neither team converting a field goal until Pace's layup over four minutes into the first half. While Tufts' offense then heated up, its defense locked down: UMass-Boston shot just 12 percent from the field in the first half, converting only four field goals.
Tufts jumped out to a 29–1 advantage and took a 42–18 lead into the halftime break. No Jumbo scored double digits in the first half, as the team's balanced attack shot 16–38 from the field. Although the Jumbos' defense established a lead they would not relinquish, senior quad-captain guard Thomas Lapham saw room for improvement.
“Our defensive intensity was great in the beginning of the game,” Lapham said. “Unfortunately, we got a little complacent. We have to be able to sustain that for the whole game.”
While the game ended with a score of 73–58, sophomore guard Miles Bowser agreed that the continued lead contributed to late-game complacency.
“It's hard not to get a little complacent with a lead that large,” Bowser said. “We were just focusing on our sets and trying to execute, but we all know we let our foot off the gas a little too much in the second half.”
The brightest spot of the day for Tufts was first-year center Luke Rogers' play. Rogers, who recently returned from injury, led the scoring effort with 14 points in just 10 minutes off the bench. The Boxborough, Mass. native shot six-of-seven from the field and was an integral part of an interior defensive effort that held UMass-Boston to only 14 points in the paint.
“It is great to have Luke back. He just gives us more mobility for our big men,” Lapham said. “[First-year center] Max Oppenheim has also been huge for us lately. They are going to keep getting minutes, so we need them to keep playing big for us.”
Wednesday's game against Emerson was Tufts' greatest exhibition of resilience thus far in the young season. The Lions took a 16-point lead into the half, powered by the play of junior guard Geoffrey Gray, who put up 14 points and seven boards in the first frame. Fueled by Gray, the hosts broke the game open with a 16-3 run and established their double-digit lead.
“We just weren't getting stops. Pretty simple. We missed a lot of defensive rotations, and they are a good team, so they hit their open shots,” Lapham said.
But the game was a tale of two halves, and the Jumbos dominated the second period. With prolific scoring from Pace and sophomore guard Eric Savage, Tufts staged multiple runs during the second half, but it was the defense that turned the game around. The halftime adjustment was clear, as the Jumbos shifted their defensive scheme to a 2–3 zone in an effort to limit the Lions' shooting, who converted at a 62.1 percent clip in the first half (18–29). Emerson was held scoreless through the first five minutes of the second half and only registered 25 points in the entire frame. The Jumbos' zone forced the Lions into attempting 14 threes in the second half, of which they only converted three.
“They really struggled with our zone,” Lapham said. “When we are putting together stops, we are really tough to beat.”
The Lions shot 26.5 percent from the field in the second half and the Jumbos went 16-for-32, led by a 23-point half from Pace. However, the Lions still held a 13-point lead deep into the second half. Once again, the Jumbos responded, pulling even on a Pace three-pointer with 90 seconds left that capped an 18–5 run. The defense continued its dominance, holding Emerson scoreless in the final three minutes as Tufts calmly finished off the comeback, turning the 67–67 tie into a 71–67 victory.
Pace's heroics carried him to a 30-point outing. The Bridgewater, N.J. native is now averaging just shy of 19 points per game. Savage was the complementary scorer, putting up 19 of his own to go with seven rebounds.
Though happy about the win, the Jumbos weren't too quick to give themselves any credit. Senior quad-captain guard Ben Engvall, who has been sidelined this season with an ACL injury, noted the team's room for improvement.
“These are games we should be winning, so it's good that we are doing our job, but we are not always going to be able to come back like this,” Engvall said. “It has to be like the second half for the full 40 minutes.”
The Jumbos are nearing their winter-break trip to California, where they'll look to maintain their winning momentum.
“Desperation kicked in a little bit for us,” Engvall said. “We know how good we can be, and we can't afford too many more losses if we want to be in national tournament contention. We know what we have to do, and we know how to do it. We will be fine.”
Otto Warmbier, a 22-year-old University of Virginia student from Cincinnati, was just released from North Korea after being detained and imprisoned there for 18 months. His plane arrived in Cincinnati last night.
Warmbier's parents, Fred and Cindy Warmbier, say their son is in a coma — and has been in this condition for over a year without their knowledge.
While visiting North Korea with a tour group, Warmbier was arrested in January 2016 for participating in alleged anti-state activity by trying to steal a propaganda banner. He was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor. (North Korea does not have free speech rights.)
Warmbier's detainment meant that he was absent from a highly anticipated event: the day that would have been his college graduation.
Many UVA students wore #FreeOtto stickers on graduation day to show that they hadn't forgotten about their classmate and friend.
One significant, and sad, and notable absence from an otherwise joyful @uva graduation yesterday: Otto Warmbier, class of 2017, serving a 15-year sentence in a North Korean prison. Lots of these stickers on attendees; even more prayers that he comes home soon. #freeotto A post shared by Kristin van Ogtrop (@kvanogtrop) on May 21, 2017 at 11:38am PDT
“I think this is what Otto would want — for us to enjoy the day, and think about him too,” UVA graduate Sanjana Sekhar said on commencement day, according to the Washington Post.
Classmates of @UVA student detained in #NorthKorea show their support at #UVAgrad w/ campaign to #FreeOtto. He should have graduated today. pic.twitter.com/ahtmcvcapH — Matt Talhelm (@MattTalhelm) May 22, 2017
Many took to Twitter using the same hashtag to celebrate Warmbier's return home.
#FreeOtto Otto Warmbier is on his way home! Please continue to pray for Otto, family and friends! — Michael Tash (@mikeltash) June 13, 2017
THE BOY IS FREE, BLESS #FreeOtto — f o c u s (@Johunnid) June 13, 2017
#freeOtto he's coming home!!!!!! Pray for him guys he's in a coma https://t.co/ehiF59g1PO — Kristen Kelly (@happilykristen) June 13, 2017
I legit think about this kid once a week, this brings joy to my heart it feels so full now I can fully enjoy firefly #FREEOTTO https://t.co/qF6S2SX1hw — C.T. (@HotCupOfStretch) June 13, 2017
We did it boys, he's comin home. #freeotto — Harambae (@StormCatcherSTL) June 13, 2017
After nearly a year and a half, Otto Warmbier has been returned to US soil and reunited with his family. Welcome home Brother. — Theta Chi at IUP (@ThetaChiIUP) June 14, 2017
The university made sure to incorporate Warmbier during Sunday's Final Exercises, the ceremony where he would've received his degree from the McIntire School of Commerce.
“The #FreeOtto stickers were distributed to students as they assembled to walk down the University's Lawn; I would estimate that more students donned the stickers than did not,” UVA graduate and class of 2017 president Patrick Rice told USA TODAY College. “Though the mood remained celebratory, this visual reminder hit home the fact that one of our classmates had been robbed of his education, family and liberty.”
Rice had known Warmbier through mutual friends and had last spoken to him in November of 2015, he says. He was shaken when he heard of Warmbier's detainment last year.
“My thoughts at the news of his detainment were the same as most people — shock and anger. I don't think anyone would have expected for a fellow student to get caught in the crosshairs of an ongoing international conflict,” Rice says. “For many of us, it painfully illustrated the reality of foreign threats to the United States, something we may not have thought about often before.”
UVA President Teresa A. Sullivan addressed his absence in a message of support at the commencement ceremony and released this statement today about his return:
“While the entire University of Virginia community is relieved to learn of Otto's release from North Korea, we are deeply concerned and saddened to learn from his family that he is in a coma. The last 17 months have been an extremely difficult and emotionally trying time for the Warmbier family. The UVA family will continue to keep the Warmbiers in our thoughts and prayers as Otto returns to the United States and his home where he will receive the care and support of those who love him.”
Rice says if he could give Warmbier a message, it would be one of hope.
“I would say simply that there are many, many people who have actively kept him in their thoughts over the past year and a half,” he says. “and will continue to do so as he receives proper medical attention.”
Kyler Sumter is a Boston University student and a USA TODAY digital producer.
AP
The Rams offense led the league in scoring last season and that helped the team win the NFC West on their way to the playoffs for the first time since 2004.
That offense added wide receiver Brandin Cooks after Sammy Watkins left as a free agent, but the main focus for the Rams this offseason has been on defense. They've added defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh and cornerbacks Aqib Talib and Marcus Peters, which leaves them with work to do when it comes to integrating all the pieces this offseason.
Peters said on Tuesday that the defense's efforts to gel are being helped by facing the strong offense put together by head coach Sean McVay in practice.
“It's going to make us a whole lot better because the up-tempo and his playcalling style is crazy unique,” Peters said, via ESPN.com. “It's going to cause for us to be on our toes a lot.”
Wide receiver Robert Woods feels the same way about the impact of facing Peters and Talib on a daily basis and we'll find out in a few months what the internal struggles will mean when the Rams start facing other teams.
LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) — PJ Washington will return to Kentucky after withdrawing from the NBA draft, while teammates Wenyen Gabriel and Jarred Vanderbilt have decided to turn pro.
Washington, who participated in the NBA combine, posted a video on his social media accounts Wednesday that ended with the words “I'M BACK.” The 6-foot-7 Dallas native will be the Wildcats' top returning scorer and rebounder next season after averaging 10.8 points and 5.7 rebounds as a freshman.
Vanderbilt and Gabriel later announced they would stay in the draft after receiving positive feedback.
Injuries limited the 6-9 Vanderbilt to just 14 games, but he averaged a team-high 7.9 rebounds with 5.9 points per game as a freshman. He did not attend the combine but says in a release the input he received during the draft process confirmed “that my time is now.”
The 6-9 Gabriel was not invited to the combine but said in a video on his Twitter account that his dreams of being a professional “are that much closer to reality” because of the feedback. He averaged 6.8 points and 5.4 rebounds last season.
___
For more AP college basketball coverage: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_Top25
An Ofsted inspection judgment that would have put a state school into special measures has been quashed by the High Court.
Judges ruled the inspectorate's complaints process was unfair, stating that Durand Academy, a south London primary school, was unable to effectively challenge the report on its performance.
In a statement, Durand's chairman of the board of governors, Sir Greg Martin said the report would have "destroyed" the school.
Ofsted said it intends to appeal against the ruling.
In his judgment, Judge McKenna said: " To my mind, a complaints process which effectively says there is no need to permit an aggrieved party to pursue a substantive challenge to the conclusions of a report it considers to be defective because the decision maker's processes are so effective that the decision will always in effect be unimpeachable is not a rational or fair process."
He added: "The absence of any ability effectively to challenge the report renders the complaints procedures unfair and, in my judgment, vitiates the report."
Sir Greg said: "This report would have destroyed this school when it should have been held up as a beacon for what other inner city schools should be."
"This year's school results have been exemplary and have placed us in the top 2.1% of primary schools in the country and yet Ofsted judged our school to be failing and wanted to sack the headteacher and the board of governors."
He added: "It has taken us six months and around £300,000 to fight this unfair school report through the courts, and when you include Ofsted's legal bill the amount of money wasted on this action is in excess of £500,000.
"The money to pay for the legal action has come from revenue from the school and thankfully because we have won the case we should be able to claw back a large proportion of our legal costs."
An Ofsted spokeswoman said: "We are clearly disappointed in this ruling and have sought permission to appeal.
"Notwithstanding the overall judgment, we are pleased that the court recognised the impartiality and professionalism of the inspectors undertaking the inspection.
"Our complaints process is longstanding and has previously been commended by the independent adjudicator.
"However, as an organisation we always keep policies and practices under review and regardless of the outcome of the appeal application will consider whether any clarification of our complaints procedure may be required."
Judge McKenna noted in his ruling that Durand Academy has undergone significant expansion in recent years, including a new site and offering boarding facilities and that there were "stark differences" between the views on the school and Ofsted on how the inspection was conducted and what was found.
It also recorded that the school has an ongoing dispute with the Education Funding Agency (EFA) which announced in June that it intends to terminate Durand's academy funding agreement, a move which would come in at the end of next academic year (2017/18).
After over four weeks of proceedings, the judge in the Douglas Garland triple murder trial is expected to instruct the jury to come up with a verdict in the case on Wednesday.
Garland, 57, is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in connection with the deaths of Alvin and Kathy Liknes and their grandson Nathan O'Brien.
Justice David Gates will be giving instructions to the jury on Wednesday morning, a group of 13 men and women who have heard from nearly 50 witnesses over the four weeks of trial.
One of those jurors will also be dismissed to get down to the 12 needed to come to a decision, but who that will be up to them.
The jurors will need to consider all of the evidence that was presented to them throughout the trial to decide if Garland is guilty of killing the trio, despite the fact that their bodies were never found.
Experts say that the lack of a body doesn't mean a guilty verdict is impossible.
“The fact that there are no bodies does not preclude a verdict of guilty. The Supreme Court of Canada's ruled, back to '62, that all that the Crown has to prove beyond a reasonable doubt is that the deaths occurred. So it doesn't matter that they have the bodies or not; it all hinges on if there's sufficient evidence to prove they're no longer alive,” said Doug King, a professor of Justice Studies at Mount Royal University.
The Crown says that Garland took Alvin, Kathy and Nathan from their Parkhill home to his parents' property near Airdrie where he killed them.
The defence called their case circumstantial.
@CTVInaSidh and @CTVJKanygin are covering the trial for CTV Calgary.
A Twitter List by CTVCalgary
National Award-winning actress Vidya Balan has skipped the ongoing Indian Film Festival of Melbourne due to her prior commitments and to celebrate her niece and nephew Ira and Ruhaan's sixth birthday on Sunday.Vidya, who was appointed as one of the members of the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) on Friday, has completed shooting for Tumhari Sulu.She is the brand ambassador of the film festival."Vidya has just signed some new brands and will be shooting for them after she is done with her ongoing brand commitments," said a source."Ira and Ruhaan are Vidya's lifelines and to be around on all their special days is a priority for Vidya. Over the weekend, she will be travelling with her family to celebrate her twin niece and nephew's birthday at (husband) Siddharth Roy Kapur's farm house."Since the actress will be travelling for her work commitments and spending time with her family over the weekend, she could not attend the Indian Film Festival of Melbourne this year," the source added.
click to enlarge Brian Chilson
ARKANSAS SUPREME COURT
Thehas vacated a temporary restraining order issued byagainst the state from using the paralytic vecuronium bromide in its execution protocol. The drug's supplier,, filed a lawsuit alleging the state illegally obtained the drug. In light of the federal injunction, McKesson had requested to withdraw the suit and vacate the temporary restraining order, but Griffin had not signed off on the request at the time the Arkansas Supreme Court reassigned the case toearlier today. The Supreme Court stepped in before Gray could sign off on the motions from McKesson. Chief Justice Dan Kemp and Justice Jo Hart dissented, saying they would have waited on the lower court.McKesson plans to file a new complaint and ask for a temporary injunction or preliminary injunction, according to a source.More shortly.
WASHINGTON – Defence Secretary Jim Mattis says the U.S. will “take out” any North Korean missile it detects is heading for American soil, including the Pacific island of Guam.
Mattis says a North Korean missile strike on the U.S. would mean war.
READ MORE: U.S. military ready to use ‘full range' of military capabilities against North Korea
“If they fire at the United States, it could escalate into war very quickly,” Mattis said.
WATCH: CIA Director Pompeo assures military confrontation with North Korea is ‘not imminent'
North Korea has said it is considering a plan to launch four ballistic missiles to land in the sea just short of Guam.
READ MORE: Kim Jong-Un or Donald Trump – who might pull the trigger first?
Asked how the U.S. would respond, Mattis initially declined to say.
WATCH: Trump says U.S. is considering further sanctions against North Korea
When pressed, he said that if U.S. radars and other detection and tracking systems determine that a missile was going to fall into the sea, short of Guam, then the matter would be taken to President Donald Trump for a decision on how to respond.
Seven current Tigers and three Clemson signees were chosen on the final day of the MLB draft on Wednesday. The seven draftees joined fourth-round pick Charlie Barnes (Twins) and seventh-round pick Chase Pinder (Cardinals) as the nine current Tigers drafted in 2017. Clemson's nine draft picks tied for fourth most in the nation and tied for most in the ACC. It was also the most Tigers drafted since 2009 and tied for third most in school history.
On Wednesday, sophomore righthander Alex Eubanks was selected in the 14th round (No. 434 overall) by the Rangers, junior righty Paul Campbell was chosen in the 21st round (No. 619 overall) by the Rays, senior lefty Pat Krall was picked in the 28th round (No. 831 overall) by the Athletics, junior righthander Jeremy Beasley was drafted in the 30th round (No. 895 overall) by the Angels, junior catcher and infielder Chris Williams was selected in the 31st round (No. 919 overall) by the Rays, junior righty Ryan Miller was picked in the 31st round (No. 920 overall) by the Braves and junior outfielder Reed Rohlman was drafted in the 35th round (No. 1,050 overall) by the Royals.
Eubanks (Moore, S.C.) had a 7-6 record and 4.09 ERA in 18 appearances (16 starts) in 2017. He also had 104 strikeouts against only 15 walks, while his 4.83 career strikeout-to-walk ratio is first in Clemson history. He was the first Tiger selected by the Rangers since 2011 (Will Lamb).
Campbell (Malden, Mass.) had a 5.19 ERA in five appearances (two starts) in 2017. He also had 13 strikeouts in 8.2 innings pitched and has totaled 46 strikeouts in 39.0 innings pitched over 30 appearances (three starts) in his three-year career at Clemson. Campbell was the first Tiger drafted by the Rays since 2012 (Richie Shaffer).
Krall (Downingtown, Pa.) was a Second-Team All-ACC selection as a starting pitcher in 2017. The Senior CLASS Award finalist had an 8-3 record, a save and 3.50 ERA in 17 appearances (16 starts). In three seasons at Clemson, he was 20-9 with nine saves, a 2.89 ERA and .244 opponents' batting average in 208.2 innings pitched over 73 appearances (19 starts). Krall was the third Tiger in the last four years and fourth in the last six years drafted by the Athletics.
In his first season at Clemson in 2017, Beasley (Lyons, Ga.) was 1-2 with a 5.79 ERA, .214 opponents' batting average and 26 strikeouts in 23.1 innings pitched over 23 relief appearances. Beasley was the first Tiger drafted by the Angels since 1994 (Mike Holtz).
Williams (Garden Grove, Calif.) batted .261 with 14 doubles, 14 homers, 51 RBIs and two steals in 49 games (42 starts) in 2017, a season that saw him suffer two injuries. In two seasons at Clemson, he is a career .253 hitter with 19 doubles, a triple, 22 homers and 89 RBIs in 106 games. Williams joined Campbell as 2017 draft picks of the Rays.
In his first year at Clemson in 2017, Miller (Venice, Fla.) was 1-0 with a 3.09 ERA, .220 opponents' batting average and 11 strikeouts against two walks in 11.2 innings pitched over 11 relief appearances. Miller, whose 2017 season was cut short due to injury, was the first Tiger drafted by the Braves since 1990 (Brian Kowitz).
Rohlman (Moore, S.C.) was a second-team All-American and First-Team All-ACC selection in 2017 thanks to hitting .361 with 21 doubles, a triple, six homers, 34 RBIs and a .448 on-base percentage. He is a career .329 hitter with 59 doubles, a triple, 11 homers, 135 RBIs and a .410 on-base percentage in 187 games. Rohlman was the first Tiger drafted by the Royals since 2011 (Joseph Moorefield).
Three Clemson signees were drafted on Wednesday, joining righthander Sam Keating (Fort Myers, Fla.), who was drafted in the fourth round by the Padres on Tuesday, as the four Tiger signees selected in the 2017 draft. On Wednesday, lefthander Sam Weatherly (Howell, Mich.) was drafted in the 27th round by the Blue Jays, outfielder Kier Meredith (Winston-Salem, N.C.) was selected in the 28th round by the Cubs and righthander Spencer Strider (Knoxville, Tenn.) was chosen in the 35th round by the Indians.
The owners of video game marketplace Steam said it has removed a game where players could simulate a school shooting either as police or the shooter themselves.
Valve Corporation said it has pulled Active Shooter, which was scheduled to launch on the Steam platform June 6.
Valve also said after investigating the controversy surrounding the game, it learned a person identified as Ata Berdiyev was behind the game's publisher, Revived Games, and developer Acid.
"Ata is a troll, with a history of customer abuse, publishing copyrighted material, and user review manipulation," said Valve in a statement.
Active Shooter was described as a "dynamic SWAT simulator" where players can choose to work as the member of a SWAT team attempting to disarm the shooter, or the shooter themselves.
A box to the left of the screen kept track of how many police officers and civilians were killed. A video featuring the game briefly shows what appears to be the shooter firing at civilians as they try to run away.
The video game angered lawmakers and parents of school shooting victims who felt the game was inappropriate.
"I have seen and heard many horrific things over the past few months since my daughter was the victim of a school shooting and is now dead in real life. This game may be one of the worst," said Fred Guttenberg, whose daughter was among the students killed during February's shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, in a statement on Twitter.
I have seen and heard many horrific things over the past few months since my daughter was the victim of a school shooting and is now dead in real life. This game may be one of the worst. — Fred Guttenberg (@fred_guttenberg) May 27, 2018
The game also spawned a petition on Change.org receiving more than 190,000 signatures urging Valve to remove it from Steam.
Steam offers a developer program allowing smaller game designers to publish their video games — commonly played on PCs or Macs — on the platform. The marketplace includes several guidelines for inappropriate content including "content that is patently offensive or intended to shock or disgust viewers."
Valve said it plans to have "a broader conversation about Steam's content policies" soon.
Follow Brett Molina on Twitter: @brettmolina23.
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
SHERIDAN — Giving back to the community comes naturally for Jay and Sara McGinnis. When Jay McGinnis took a step back from his position with the Scott Foundation, members of the board awarded him a discretionary grant of $15,000 for 20 years of service on the foundation board.
With funds in hand, the McGinnises started a steering committee of Tongue River school district employees and Tongue River alumna in November 2017. From there, the steering committee drafted mission and value statements and bylaws for governance of a scholarship for Tongue River Valley students.
Big Horn established the Big Horn Education Fund in 1985, which awards scholarship funds to graduating seniors at Big Horn High School for the first year of college or technical school with an option to renew for a second year. The McGinnises felt Tongue River needed a scholarship similar to the Big Horn Education Fund. Jay McGinnis said he wanted to see a scholarship that reflected the values that inherently represented the Tongue River Valley.
“Now creating this opportunity for graduating seniors from Tongue River High School I think is just exceptional,” Scott Foundation director Jenny Craft said of the scholarship.
Steering committee members, with the direction of the McGinnises, established the mission statement to have the scholarship run on the community-driven legacy. The $15,000 start from the discretionary grant helped start the scholarship, but Jay McGinnis said he hopes to secure $100,000 to establish the scholarship as a permanent fund for the future. By securing $100,000, scholarships can be given with the interest earnings each year.
The steering committee sits $15,000 away from its goal. McGinnis said once word spread about the scholarship, alumni started “coming out of the woodwork.”
Craft said she hasn't seen a scholarship develop like this in Sheridan County for quite some time. She said often people establish scholarships in memory of a student or family member who passed away.
“But this is really coming from Jay and Sara,” Craft said. “They initiated a lot of the work and did a lot of the outreach and making calls to other potential donors and philanthropists in the community.”
Steering committee members continue asking individuals to contribute $100 or more toward the fund. Craft said the opportunity presented by the McGinnis's through this scholarship goes beyond giving back to students at Tongue River, where Sara McGinnis gave 25 years of service.
“It's more investing in students for them to reach and obtain their goals with the hope or intent that someday they would give back to their community,” Craft said.
Tongue River Valley Community Center's Erin Kilbride will serve as the “on the ground local” accepting fund donations and managing the finances. The steering committee anticipates awarding its first set of scholarships in 2018.
CHICAGO: The first national analysis of the impact of the Affordable Care Act on people with HIV showed significant increases in health insurance coverage among people infected with the virus that causes AIDS, according to a report released on Tuesday.
The report comes as Republican lawmakers and President Donald Trump discuss ways to repeal the health insurance law, also known as Obamacare, which expanded insurance coverage to 20 million people.
The study was based on data from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's Medical Monitoring Project, which gathers nationally representative information about people who have or are being treated for HIV infections - but not all people with HIV. It excluded the undiagnosed or those diagnosed but not being treated.
According to the report, much of the increase in coverage came from the 31 states and the District of Columbia that expanded access to the federal Medicaid program for the poor and disabled.
Nationwide, Medicaid coverage of people being treated for HIV rose to 42 percent in 2014, up from 36 percent in 2012, the year before the law went into effect, according to the report by the Kaiser Family Foundation.
In the Medicaid expansion states sampled, Medicaid coverage rose to 51 percent in 2014, up from 39 percent in 2012, and the share of uninsured fell to 7 percent from 13 percent.
"It basically demonstrates that the Medicaid expansion made a significant difference in the lives of people with HIV in providing new and expanded coverage," Kaiser health policy analyst Jennifer Kates, one of the report's authors, said in a telephone interview.
The findings underscore some of the difficulties lawmakers face as they go about repealing and replacing Obamacare.
Under the Affordable Care Act (ACA), states received funding to expand Medicaid eligibility to nearly all individuals with incomes at or below 138 percent of the official poverty level. The law also did away with other eligibility requirements, such as disability or being pregnant, that prevented many poor adults with HIV from gaining Medicaid coverage.
The ACA also banned the insurance industry practice of denying private insurance coverage to people with pre-existing conditions. And it included provisions that prevented insurance companies from setting significantly higher rates for people with HIV, or imposing annual or lifetime coverage limits.
These changes may have helped some people with HIV gain access to private insurance, but the biggest impact came from Medicaid expansion.
"The main takeaway is that for a population that faced a pretty significant barrier to Medicaid before the ACA, expansion of Medicaid made a big difference," she said.
If efforts to repeal the ACA result in the elimination of Medicaid expansion, the study said, "most people with HIV who gained coverage would likely lose it unless states adopt alternative approaches to retaining the newly covered population in the program."
Disruptions in care pose significant challenges to people with HIV because they can increase the chance that the virus will become drug resistant.
Studies have shown that taking drugs to suppress the virus dramatically reduces the risk of spreading HIV to others.
New figures released by the CDC earlier on Tuesday show the number of annual HIV infections in the United States fell 18 percent between 2008 and 2014, from an estimated 45,700 to 37,600.
CDC researchers said they believe the declines in annual HIV infections are due, in large part, to efforts to increase the number of people living with HIV who know their HIV status and are virally suppressed — meaning their HIV infection is under control through effective treatment.
"This is a top public health priority," CDC said in a statement.
(Reporting by Julie Steenhuysen; Editing by Tom Brown)
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Two years ago, Wegscheid was on the front lines of Europe's refugee crisis. When Germany voted last week, the village, like many along the Austrian border, swung hard to the far right, straining Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservative alliance.
WEGSCHEID, Germany: Two years ago, Wegscheid was on the front lines of Europe's refugee crisis. When Germany voted last week, the village, like many along the Austrian border, swung hard to the far right, straining Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservative alliance.
After bruising election losses, Merkel is trying to patch together a tricky three-way coalition of her conservatives and their Bavarian allies, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP), and the environmentalist Greens.
Her task is complicated by the Bavarian conservatives, who worry about losing their regional dominance in a state election next year. To win support, they are demanding a controversial cap on the number of migrants entering Germany.
Merkel dismisses the cap as unconstitutional. The Greens reject it too. On Sunday, the chancellor's Christian Democrats (CDU) and the Bavarian Christian Social Union (CSU) - sister parties - will meet to try to resolve their differences.
Both suffered heavy losses in the Sept. 24 federal election to the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) party, which won seats in the national parliament for the first time.
All along Germany's southern border, where in 2015 thousand refugees fleeing war in the Middle East poured into Germany, voters deserted the CSU for the AfD.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In Passau, the electoral district where Wegscheid lies, the CSU's vote fell 13.4 points from four years ago to 40.5 percent - a low figure in Bavaria, often jokingly called a one-party state. The AfD's share shot up 12.1 points.
"The politicians are to blame for the AfD being elected," said pensioner Reinhold Turtschan in the baroque market square of nearby Deggendorf, where the AfD's vote soared by 15.2 points, mirroring the CSU's 15.6 point fall.
"The asylum seekers, I don't want to criticise them, but they get so much money while we pensioners have to be so careful with our finances just to get through the month," he said.
The setback in a wealthy, conservative state where the CSU has reigned without a break since the late 1950s has prompted recriminations within the party, with some blaming Merkel's 2015 decision to open the borders to a million migrants.
For decades, the CSU has been a national player thanks to its unassailable strength in Bavaria, allowing it to contribute up to a fifth of the joint conservative bloc's lawmakers.
The mountainous south-eastern state with its distinctive dialect, lederhosen leather shorts and traditional dirndl dresses rose from Germany's poorest, most agricultural state after World War Two to one of its richest regions today.
THE UPPER LIMIT
Now the CSU is in a bind over how best to recover. Those who blame the refugee crisis for the AfD's success demand an immigration ceiling of 200,000 refugees a year. The CDU rejects the idea.
Highlighting their tensions, the Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper this week reported CSU leader Horst Seehofer as saying his party and Merkel's CDU faced their biggest challenge since 1976 - when his predecessor Franz-Josef Strauss threatened to break up their alliance.
On Sunday, two sister parties will sit down to agree a common programme ahead of coalition talks with the other two parties. Alexander Dobrindt, the CSU's chief in the national parliament, described the cap as "non-negotiable".
But by holding firm to avoid being outflanked by the AfD, the CSU risks alienating the Greens, who reject an upper limit.
In Wegscheid, where in the summer of 2015 residents grew used to being awakened by migrants rapping on Windows asking for directions in the dead of night, the mayor, Lothar Venus, doubts the answer is so simple.
"The AfD only has one theme, refugees. But Germany's issues go far further," he said, standing by the border crossing where people smugglers would drop refugees off, leaving them to walk across the bridge into Germany.
He blamed Seehofer, who faces calls for his own resignation, for pushing for a cap he cannot deliver rather than focusing on infrastructure failings, such as poor mobile coverage and slow Internet, that residents complain about.
Michael Mayer, a historian at the Academy for Political Education near Munich, said moving right was risky for the CSU.
"It's the mistake people have always made in Europe: running after the far right first strengthens them and then you lose votes yourself," he said.
(Editing by Paul Carrel and Giles Elgood)
The Police Service Commission (PSC) says it will continue to ensure that promotions in the Nigeria Police Force were regular and exemplary performance recognised.
The Head of Press and Public Relations of the commission, Mr Ikechukwu Ani, said this in a statement on Tuesday in Abuja.
Ani said that the Chairman of the commission, Mr Mike Okiro, stated this when he decorated three newly-promoted officers serving in the commission with their new ranks.
He said the newly-promoted officers are: Joseph Ugwu Onaji, Personal Assistant to the chairman who was promoted to the next rank of Superintendent of Police, Telfum Falle and Ozoana Chidozie who were serving in the commission's liaison office who were promoted to SP and DSP, respectively.
The chairman said that the commission had promoted 31, 652 senior police officers between 2013 and 2017, stressing that promotion was another way of enhancing the welfare of the officers.
He said that Okiro reminded the promoted officers that the promotion and higher ranks came with higher responsibilities and commitment.
Okiro said the promotion was an appreciation of their hard work, capability and capacities in the discharge of their official duties.
“This is recognition of a good job done in accordance with the tenets of the Act of the Nigeria Police Force,” he said.
Okiro urged them to rededicate themselves to the service of their fatherland, adding that they should be proud to be worthy officers of the Force.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
3 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Jordanian Foreign Minister Ayman Safadi told Russia on Wednesday that political dialogue and a ceasefire were priorities for southern Syria where he said a humanitarian catastrophe risked unfolding.
MOSCOW: Jordanian Foreign Minister Ayman Safadi told Russia on Wednesday that political dialogue and a ceasefire were priorities for southern Syria where he said a humanitarian catastrophe risked unfolding.
Safadi made the comment after holding talks with his Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov in Moscow.
Advertisement
He said the situation in southern Syria was a cause for serious concern and needed to be resolved as soon as possible.
The Russian-backed Syrian government has mounted a campaign to recover southwestern Syria from rebels.
Syrian rebel negotiators began a new round of talks with Russian officers on Tuesday over a peace deal in southern Syria under which they would hand over weapons and allow Russian military police to enter rebel-held towns.
(Reporting by Maria Kiselyova; Writing by Polina Nikolskaya; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
Advertisement
1 /13 Alia Bhatt in Prabal Gurung at the 'We The Women' summit Image: Viral Bhayani Sonam Kapoor in Jacquemus for the 'We The Women' summit Image: Instagram.com/rheakapoor Aishwarya Rai Bachchan in Alexis Mabille at the Ambani dinner party Image: Instagram.com/aasthasharma Deepika Padukone at Mumbai airport Image: Viral Bhayani Deepika Padukone in Monisha Jaising at The Lux Golden Rose Awards Image: Instagram.com/shaleenanathani Alia Bhatt in Teuta Matoshi Duriqi at The Lux Golden Rose Awards Image: Viral Bhayani Jacqueline Fernandez in Tarun Tahiliani at The Lux Golden Rose Awards Image: Viral Bhayani Kareena Kapoor Khan in Rami Al Ali at The Lux Golden Rose Awards Image: Viral Bhayani Katrina Kaif in Reem Acra at The Lux Golden Rose Awards Image: Viral Bhayani Sridevi in Manish Malhotra at The Lux Golden Rose Awards Image: Viral Bhayani Sonam Kapoor in Nabil Nayal at Mumbai airport Image: Viral Bhayani Sonakshi Sinha in Masaba at Arth restaurant Image: Instagram.com/masabagupta Aditi Rao Hydari at Arth restaurant Image: Viral Bhayani
December 2017 looks promising when it comes to celebrity outings. Dinners, award ceremonies, woke festivals and parties are keeping Bollywood A-listers on their toes. Needless to say, stars are heading out and about town in their sartorial best.
Alia Bhatt chose a millennial pink slip dress by one of her favourite designers, Prabal Gurung, for the ‘We The Women' summit. Also spotted at the event was Sonam Kapoor, whose winning streak with wardrobe choices continued well into the weekend. Kapoor wore a pantsuit by Jacquemus for her talk with Barkha Dutt. Aishwarya Rai Bachchan was seen on her way to the Ambani dinner party in a strapless golden yellow gown by Alexis Mabille.
Last evening saw the Lux Golden Rose Awards, where Bollywood celebrities turned up in their glamorous best. Kareena Kapoor Khan chose a pale pink tulle gown by Rami Al Ali while Katrina Kaif picked one by Reem Arca in a similar hue. Deepika Padukone went with a statement making gold number by Monisha Jaising for the occasion.
Scroll through our gallery to keep up with what stars wore here.
Now Reading: Real Madrid beat Barcelona in Spanish Supercup first leg. Real Madrid have beaten arch-rivals Barcelona in the first leg of the Spanish Supercup. The 3-1 victory saw Barça defender Nilson Pique open the scoring against his own side, netting an own goal to put Real Madrid ahead. ⯑⯑¡HALA MADRID — Real Madrid C. euronews-en 6:05:00 AM CEST
The Science Center of Iowa donated a cross-section from a 440 year-old white oak tree to the Iowa Department of Natural Resources.
The cross-section is about 3-feet in width, and was located along the Des Moines River north of Hartford in northeast Warren County. It is one of two cross-sections from the tree. The other is on display at the Science Center of Iowa in Des Moines.
“These cross-sections are pretty special and unique," said Mark Rouw, of the Science Center of Iowa. "There is only one other species of tree in Iowa that has been found to surpass the age of this white oak."
The tree was cut down and hauled away to a saw mill to be sanded down. Wood stabilizer was applied several times, and a drying process followed. The process took around four years.
“We are looking forward to incorporating several educational pieces to the display in the near future,” said Emma Hanigan, DNR urban forester. “We are excited to share this piece of history with Iowans!”
The cross-section will be on permanent display for the public on weekdays from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. in the atrium of the Wallace State Office Building in Des Moines.
REUTERS: Olympic gold medallist Lindsey Vonn is warning young athletes in next year's Pyeongchang winter Olympic Games not to underestimate the older competitors.
Vonn, who won gold in the downhill skiing at the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics, broke a bone in her arm last year but is training hard for Pyeongchang. She missed the Olympic Games in Sochi through injury.
"I have been anxiously awaiting these Olympic for the last eight years. I have been training especially hard this summer, you know really trying to make sure I don't miss anything from my diet to my travel and of course my workouts, my skiing, everything I have done has been in preparation for these Olympics so right now I am trying to stay healthy going in," she said.
"So far it's not going very well but I feel that I am saving all of my luck for February and hopefully everything will work out how it is supposed to."
Acting as ambassador for the 2020 Youth Olympic Games, Vonn met younger athletes, aged 14 to 18, in Lausanne on Sunday.
She said that young competitors at the Olympic Games should know the older athletes knew how to handle the pressure and had more experience of the sport.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Most of the time younger athletes, I mean I was the same, underestimate the older athletes but the one thing I have is experience. I know how to handle the pressure and I just know a lot about the sport."
Vonn has four World Cup overall titles in addition to gold and bronze Olympic medals.
She said the Olympic spirit was very important to her and she thought it was a great experience for the young athletes to meet others from different countries and cultures. She is taking the role of ambassador for the Youth Olympic Games for the third time.
"Well I think the Olympic spirit is something very important and I wish that I had had these Olympic Games when I was growing up. I think it is a great experience for the kids to meet other kids from different countries, different cultures. There is so much learning involved with all of these Olympic Games programmes and I think it is very important. So I am proud to be an ambassador and I think Lausanne 2020 is going to be amazing."
The meeting took place in St Moritz where luge, skeleton, bobsled and speed skating events for the Youth Games will be held.
To get your complimentary pass to the screening of “OVERBOARD” go to the links below and print an advance screening pass for you and a guest.
Please note: You must register for www.gofobo.com first. Make sure to print out your passes and present them at the screening. Duplicate copies of passes will not be accepted.
Screening Info:
Wednesday, May 2nd, 2018 @ 7:00PM
Seattle, WA
http://www.gofobo.com/KSTWover52
OVERBOARD
Metro Goldwyn Mayer Pictures (MGM) and Pantelion Films presents Overboard , a fresh take on the iconic romantic comedy. In a splashy new twist, Overboar d focuses on “Leonardo” (EUGENIO DERBEZ), a selfish, spoiled, rich playboy from Mexico's richest family and “Kate” (ANNA FARIS), a working class single mom of three hired to clean Leonardo's luxury yacht. After unjustly firing Kate and refusing to pay her, Leonardo falls overboard when partying too hard and wakes up on the Oregon coast with amnesia. Kate shows up at the hospital and, to get payback, convinces Leonardo he is her husband and puts him to work – for the first time in his life. At first miserable and inept, Leonardo slowly settles in. Eventually he earns the respect of his new “family” and co-workers. But, with Leonardo's billionaire family hot on their trail and the possibility of his memory returning at any moment, will their new family last or will Leonardo finally put the clues together and leave them for good?
Movie Trailer: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OLAJ0ooorDU
In Theaters: Friday, May 4th, 2018 in Seattle
BEIJING-Rafael Nadal got some fibre from a tennis ball lodged in his eye but that did not stop the world number one setting up a China Open semi-final on Saturday with "great guy" Grigor Dimitrov.
The Spaniard tamed the big-serving American John Isner 6-4, 7-6 (7/0) on Friday to set up the clash with the third-seeded Bulgarian. Dimitrov booked his place in the last four on Beijing's outside hard courts with a 7-6 (7/5), 4-6, 6-2 victory over another Spaniard, Roberto Bautista Agut.
The other semi-final will be an intriguing encounter between two rising talents, with temperamental but talented Nick Kyrgios playing starlet Alexander Zverev of Germany. Nadal, 31, the 16-time Grand Slam champion, revved up a gear against Isner to surge through the second-set tie break, although there was concern at one point during the set when he appeared to be suffering an eye problem.
"Just something came to my eye, that's all," said Nadal, who is chasing a sixth title this year. "I think it was just a hair or something, a hair from the tennis ball. It was bothering me for a while."
"Not important, (but) I am still feeling (it) a little bit by the way," Nadal, who attempted to wash the suspected fibre out with water, added with a smile.
Nadal will face a familiar figure in Dimitrov -- the pair practised together at Nadal's base in Mallorca before the US Open, where the Spaniard won the title for a third time this year.
They even went fishing together, but Nadal said they will have their game faces on for Saturday: "At the end of the day we are competitors. We go on court and we try our best and we want to win. Of course, he is a player that I really have like a good friend on the tour. He's a great guy."
Kyrgios, 22, enjoyed an easy passage into the last four when Belgian qualifier Steve Darcis retired at 6-0 and 3-0 down to the Australian.
The 20-year-old Zverev, like Nadal also searching for a sixth title in a breakthrough season, had few scares in dispatching Russia's Andrey Rublev 6-2, 6-3.
HALEP EYES TOP SPOT
Simona Halep is on the cusp of overhauling Garbine Muguruza as world number one after the Romanian raced into the semi-finals of the women's draw. The second-ranked Halep eased past Russia's unseeded Daria Kasatkina 6-2, 6-1 in 69 minutes and will face Latvia's Jelena Ostapenko. Halep, 26, could potentially usurp Muguruza at the top if she reaches the final in Beijing, although current number three Elina Svitolina is also in the mix.
Halep and Ostapenko met at the French Open earlier this year, with the Latvian winning the duel. But Halep is in red-hot form and claimed the scalp of former number one Maria Sharapova earlier this week, beating the Russian at the eighth attempt.
Ostapenko says Halep will be expected to win this time, but added: "If I play my best and I stay aggressive tomorrow and I am consistent, I think everything can happen."
Petra Kvitova, the two-time Wimbledon champion from the Czech Republic, faces Caroline Garcia of France or Ukraine's Svitolina in the other semi-final. They play later Friday.
Kvitova said with the end of the season in sight, many players are running on empty. But the 27-year-old had five months out after suffering a wound to her playing hand when she was attacked in her home and hopes she might be fresher as a result. "Maybe I still do have energy to play," she said.
At least 15 students in Anne Arundel County Public Schools were disciplined for participating in a national school walkout Friday, a spokesman said.
Of those students, 10 were from Corkran Middle School in Glen Burnie, said schools spokesman Bob Mosier. The school's principal, Adam Zetwick, was unavailable for comment Tuesday.
The student-led national walkout was meant to protest “failures” by public officials to take action to prevent gun violence, according to the website, www.nationalschoolwalkout.net. It was held on the 19th anniversary of the Columbine shooting. April 20 also was the one-month anniversary of a fatal shooting inside a school in St. Mary's County.
Mosier said he reached out to principals in high schools and middle schools. He is aware of four high school students who walked out of school at Annapolis and Broadneck High and one middle school student from Monarch Global Academy, in addition to the 10 at Corkran. All students who walked out were disciplined, he said in an email.
Posted by Charean Williams on June 14, 2017, 8:48 PM EDT
Jason Garrett, a diehard Yankees fan, frequently refers to Derek Jeter as “one of those guys you would pick for your team before you knew what the game was.” Thus, it should come as no surprise that the Cowboys coach this week unveiled “The Derek Jeter Challenge” built around that premise.
Players have competed in arcade-style games, complete with a running tally of scores.
“You don't know the game,” Cowboys receiver Cole Beasley said, via Brandon George of the Dallas Morning News. “You pick five guys before you even know what the game is. They call it the Derek Jeter Challenge because someone said if you were starting a team and it doesn't matter what the game was and you don't know what you're playing, who do you pick. You want those type of guys on your team, who you know are going to come through for you and bust his butt to compete no matter what the challenge is for his teammates. That's kind of the thing behind it.”
The five players from the offense beat five players from the defense in Pop-A-Shot on Tuesday and in Skeet Ball on Wednesday.
Nova Scotia can expect to get $7.85 million dollars from Ottawa for targeted mental health and home care spending this year, according to the federal budget bill. Marieke Walsh reports on the numbers that the province isn't releasing.
NASA is appealing for citizen scientists to help join its boffins in trying to solve the mystery of Steve – a newfound aurora.
The never-before-studied phenomenon christened Steve – short for Strong Thermal Emission Velocity Enhancement – was first observed in 2015. It appears in the night sky as a purple light with some green features and, until now, has left researchers baffled as to what might cause it. But now, scientists believe they have begun to piece together how and why the odd phenomenon appears in the sky. A new study published in the journal Science Advances claims Steve likely appears when charged plasma from the sun hits the Earth's magnetic field in a certain way.
NC STRANGE: NASA researchers have been baffled by the mystery of Steve
"This is a light display that we can observe over thousands of kilometers from the ground,” NASA scientist Liz MacDonald said in a statement. “It corresponds to something happening way out in space. Gathering more data points on Steve will help us understand more about its behavior and its influence on space weather.” In order to prove their theory however , researchers are encouraging citizen scientists to get involved with the project and begin recording data on Steve. By gathering more data on where and when it appears, researchers hope to piece together exactly how it works.
Asteroid mining: On a mission to explode the earth's economy The Asteroid Belt is worth a staggering $700 QUINTILLION 1 / 15 Deep Space Industries/ Versteeg Water extracted from an asteroid can be used as propellant for the return trip
And you can get involved, as NASA released tips on what to look out for online. “Steve appears closer to the equator than where normal — often green — auroras appear,” a statement from the organisation read. “The phenomenon has been reported from the United Kingdom, Canada, Alaska, northern U.S. states and New Zealand. “Steve is a very narrow arc, aligned east-west, and extends for hundreds or thousands of miles.
YOUTUBE THEORY: Scientists believe it is caused by plasma hitting Earth's magnetic field
SpaceX launches world's most POWERFUL rocket to fire car into orbit SpaceX, founded by Elon Musk has launched its Falcon Heavy rocket, the most powerful rocket in the world. As part of its payload the Falcon Heavy is carrying Musk's cherry red Roadster from Tesla, his electric car company. 1 / 25 REUTERS A SpaceX Falcon Heavy rocket lifts off from historic launch pad 39-A at the Kennedy Space Center
Ministers from the United States, Canada and Mexico meeting in Washington could agree on a revised North American Free Trade Agreement in the next 10 days, a Mexican business leader said on Tuesday.
MEXICO CITY: Ministers from the United States, Canada and Mexico meeting in Washington could agree on a revised North American Free Trade Agreement in the next 10 days, a Mexican business leader said on Tuesday.
Negotiators have said a new NAFTA could be possible by early May, and officials hailed progress on the key issue of new automotive sector rules last week.
"In the coming 10 days we can really have a new agreement in principle," said Moises Kalach, head of the international negotiating arm of the CCE business lobby, which represents the Mexican private sector at the NAFTA talks.
Even so, differences remain on U.S. demands to change dispute resolution mechanisms and other issues.
"As soon as there is political will from the American government to go for a final deal, I think we can close this," Kalach told local radio.
Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland, Mexican Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo and U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer were to meet on Tuesday in Washington.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"We've had all our (negotiating) teams in Washington for two weeks and we will continue working all this week, the weekend and into next week," said Kalach.
(Reporting by Anthony Esposito & Veronica Gomez; Editing by Dan Grebler)
Danish police said on Saturday they had found the head and the legs of Swedish journalist Kim Wall, who died in mysterious circumstances on an inventor's homemade submarine.
COPENHAGEN: Danish police said on Saturday they had found the head and the legs of Swedish journalist Kim Wall, who died in mysterious circumstances on an inventor's homemade submarine.
A police spokesman told reporters in Copenhagen that there were no fractures in Wall's cranium. The discovery of the body parts was made on Friday.
The police have charged Danish inventor Peter Madsen with killing the Swedish journalist, a charge carrying a sentence of five years to and life in prison. He was arrested after his submarine sank and he was rescued.
On Aug. 23, police identified a headless female torso that washed ashore in Copenhagen as Wall's. The cause of her death has not been determined.
Madsen, a Dane, says Wall died by accident when she was hit by a heavy hatch cover on board his submarine.
(Reporting by Teis Jensen)
Advertisement
By Brian Ives
Now that the t2017 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony is behind us (but you can watch an edited version of the show on HBO on April 29 at 8:00 pm ET), it's time to look forward to next year; who will be in the Rock Hall's class of 2018?
There are only a few inductees each year, and there are so many artists that deserve the honor, so we broke it down to different subgenres, and who we felt should be inducted from each. Starting with post-punk, which is the single most neglected subgenre, by the Hall, which has jumped from the CBGBs era to U2 and R.E.M. to the Lollapalooza era of the Red Hot Chili Peppers, Nirvana, Green Day and Pearl Jam, and skipping many crucially important bands in between.
Likewise, the Hall of Fame is pretty weak on metal (as opposed to hard rock, which is well represented with AC/DC, KISS, Aerosmith and Van Halen). To hear the Rock Hall tell it, metal goes straight from Black Sabbath to Metallica. They've missed a lot.
So, consider this a public service to the Hall's nominating committee and voting body: here's who should get in next year.
~
The Post-Punk Band: The Cure – There are a lot of bands from this era that deserve to be in the Hall of Fame, including Depeche Mode, the Smiths and Joy Division, as well as American bands like the Pixies, the Replacements and Sonic Youth. But the Cure, who debuted in 1978 with their “Killing An Arab” single, has been around the longest, and are still a huge touring act (they sold out a three-night stand at New York's Madison Square Garden last summer). And they continue to influence new bands. Classic Material: 1980's Boys Don't Cry, 1981's Faith, 1982's Pornography, 1985's The Head on the Door, 1987's Kiss Me Kiss Me, 1989's Disintegration, 1992's Wish
The Alt-Rock Icon: Jane's Addiction – We've discussed this before, but Jane's should have been inducted before any of the bands that they paved the way for: Nirvana, Green Day and Pearl Jam. As Rage Against the Machine's Tom Morello said at Jane's Addiction's Rock Walk dedication ceremony, “Nirvana often gets credit for being the first ‘alternative' band to break through, the band that changed music and led rock out of the hair metal wilderness of the ‘80s. That's just not true. It was Jane's Addiction. Inspiring, intelligent, furiously rocking and artistically deep as f—.” It was also Jane's who spearheaded the first Lollapalooza tour, making the point that American fans enjoyed all kinds of music — hard rock, industrial and hip-hop, to name a few. Soon, touring festivals would be all the rage, which led to all of the “destination festivals” that dominate the summer schedules of rock, hip-hop, pop and EDM acts. Classic Material: 1987's Jane's Addiction, 1988's Nothing's Shocking, 1990's Ritual de lo Habitual
Related: Snubbed: 19 Musicians Not Included In Their Band's Rock Hall Induction
The Hip-Hop Legend: Ice-T – A lot has been made about the fact that LL Cool J — hip-hop's first solo superstar — has yet to be inducted, and we agree that LL should be a Hall of Famer at some point. But LL didn't have the connection to rock music that Ice-T did. “Rhyme Pays,” the opening track off Ice's 1987 debut features Black Sabbath's “War Pigs,” while “Shut Up, Be Happy,” the opening track of 1989's The Iceberg/Freedom of Speech… Just Watch What You Say!, featured vocals by punk icon Jello Biafra of the Dead Kennedys and a sample of Black Sabbath's “Black Sabbath.” He used “Black Sabbath” again, along with Led Zeppelin's “When the Levee Breaks” on “Midnight” from 1991's O.G. Original Gangster. Sure, lots of hip-hop artists sampled rock songs, but Ice was actually a fan of the music he was sampling. Ice was the the sole hip-hop act on the first Lollapalooza tour, which is where he debuted his metal band, Body Count (who just released their latest album, Bloodlust). Classic Material: 1987's Rhyme Pays, 1988's Power, 1989's The Iceberg/Freedom of Speech… Just Watch What You Say!, 1991's O.G. Original Gangster
The Radio Favorites: The Cars – It's truly mystifying that the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame hasn't inducted the Cars already: they have tons of hits, they were loved by radio and MTV and critics, and as popular as they got, they were always edgy enough to be cooler than most of their peers. Classic Material: 1978's The Cars, 1979's Candy-O, 1980's Panorama, 1981's Shake It Up, 1984's Heartbeat City
The Singer-Songwriter: Carole King – She's already in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, actually: she was inducted in the “Non-Performer” category in 1990 as half of the Gerry Goffin/Carole King songwriting team, and that was appropriate, as they are one of the greatest songwriting teams that popular music has ever known. However, that honor doesn't cover the fact she's also one of the greatest singer-songwriters ever, not to mention one of the best-selling ones: her 1971 album, Tapestry, has been certified diamond for selling over 10 million copies in the U.S. alone. Classic Material: 1971's Tapestry; the list can start and end there.
The First Time Nominee: Rage Against the Machine – The Rock Hall usually likes to induct a first-time eligible artist, and next year, both Rage and Radiohead hit their big 25 year anniversaries. But in this politically charged era, Rage seems timelier than ever, and a good reminder to younger artists that having a political stance doesn't keep you from the top of the charts or from the stages of arenas. (But we do think Radiohead deserves to be voted in at some point, too.) Classic Material: 1992'a Rage Against the Machine, 1996's Evil Empire, 1999's The Battle of Los Angeles
The Metal God: Randy Rhoads – As mentioned above, there are lots of metal bands who need to be inducted into the Hall of Fame, and soon. Among those, and at a bare minimum, this shortlist would include Motorhead, Judas Priest and Iron Maiden (and maybe Slayer). But first, we'd love to see one of the genre's most influential guitarists get his due. He's not eligible as an artist, as he never released anything under his own name, but he should certainly get the Award for Musical Excellence, which has recently gone to Nile Rodgers, Ringo Starr, and the E Street Band. Randy Rhoads tragically died in a plane crash in 1982 at the way-too-young age of 25, but in his short lifetime changed the game for metal guitarists, adding a fleet-fingered classical style to the lexicon. After a few years in Quiet Riot (before their success), he joined a newly-solo Ozzy Osbourne, and the two albums that they made together are among the greatest in metal history (and gave one of its icons a great second act, after leaving Black Sabbath). Classic Material: Ozzy Osbourne's 1980 Blizzard of Ozz and Ozzy Osbourne's 1981 Diary of a Madman
Facial scarring is the bane of anyone who's ever had the displeasure of suffering from acne's life. But thanks to advances in medical technology and some willing professionals, there's all manner of treatments on offer claiming to rid your face of any unsightly marks left as a permanent reminder of your once blemish-ridden complexion. As someone who's tried every lotion and potion out there in the hope of magicking up flawless skin, I was so ready to try something a little more effective.
I'm convinced you're born into one of two camps: 1. Those blessed with perfect skin who'll have a breakdown when one invisible pimple appears when they hit puberty or 2. Those who are destined to have bad skin for life - acne presents itself when you're a teenager and will more often than not outstay its welcome until your adult years. But fear not fellow no.2 campers - life doesn't have to be so cruel. Not now that we've been blessed with all manner of procedures which encourage the skin to naturally repair itself and have been clinically-proven to banish acne scarring forever. Enter: Derma FNS.
The treatment
I visited the Harley Medical Group's flagship clinic on the famed Harley Street in London for my Derma FNS (or Fractional Needling System to us non-medics) appointment. All patients are required to have a full skin consultation beforehand to allow the cosmetic nurse to decide whether you're suitable for the treatment. I was able to book my consultation and Derma FNS treatment in one appointment and it took around 1hr 45mins in total. The skin consultation also proved invaluable to myself as my nurse - Verity - went beyond her Call of Duty to recommend me a skincare routine, even making a note of exact products, that would improve the appearance and health of my skin in the long-run which I'll be forever grateful for.
Derma FNS - which has been rolled out in The Harley Medical Group's nationwide clinics - is best described as a 'stamping technique' which involves multiple micro needles piercing the skin. The science behind it is that the insertions encourage the breakdown of old collagen while simultaneously developing new collagen and elastin which makes for tighter, smoother skin.
As well as acne scarring, it's also a treatment recommended disguising the appearance of stretch marks, wounds, burns, wrinkles and fine lines and no area is out of bounds as far as I'm aware. It's important you make clear to your nurse your exact complaint. It can take up to six weeks before you see visible results and it's advised you book a batch of treatments, depending on how big and severe the scars are.
How it works
That's probably put you off but rest assured the 'needling' part of FNS is much less traumatic than you're envisaging. Following a successful skin consultation, the area you wish to target (my face) is lathered in numbing cream and left on for an hour or so to minimise the pain of the tiny needles piercing your skin. My nurse was very reassuring and it was obvious she knew her stuff so my mind was instantly put at ease, not even the loud whirring (which she politely warned me about) of the needling pen can convince me otherwise.
​I was left alone for an hour in the clinic room and I could feel my face becoming increasingly numb. Verity returned after 60minutes satisfied my skin was sufficiently protected and so it was down to business. I lay down to allow her to get the best view of my face and make it as accessible as possible.
As it's a pen and the nurse is in control, the pressure can be adjusted depending on how severe the scarring is and how sensitive the skin is. It was gently brushed across my forehead and cheeks and pressed a little harder on my nose and chin but I can honestly say I felt no pain throughout the procedure so if you're put off by the prospect, don't be. It's actually quite comforting having tiny needles vertically pierce your face as odd as that sounds. It's all over within ten minutes, too and although I was warned I may bleed, I didn't but I did leave the clinic looking like I'd spent two weeks in Marbella not wearing a scrap of sunscreen - much to the amusement of London Underground's evening rush hour. My face felt tight - a similar sensation to sunburn but I'd been reassured this was totally normal.
My verdict
Aside from looking like the embarrassed emoji for a good 24 hours, my skin felt instantly firmer and younger. It took around 24-48 hours to see visible results in terms of reduced pore size but I was confident two or three more treatments would leave me living an acne-scar-free life. I'd recommend Derma FNS at the Harley Medical group to anyone who is particularly hung up about any skin imperfections. They have clinics all over the country - from Newcastle to Southampton - so it's likely you won't have to travel too far.
Prices for Derma FNS start at £245 at the Harley Medical Group
Are you tempted to try Derma FNS? Or have you already? Tell us about your experience
Liked this? You might also like:
Kendall Jenner Reveals The Simple DIY Face Mask That Cured Her Acne - Here's How You Can Make It
I Tried Yoga For My Face And It Made My Skin Feel Five Years Younger
Persistent Breakouts & Red Angry Spots? How To Deal With Every Type Of Pimple
Patna: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday spoke to Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar over the flood situation in the state and assured him of all support from the Centre to mitigate the situation.
The situation is being monitored closely, the prime minister said.
“My thoughts are with all those affected by floods in parts of Bihar,” Modi said.
“Centre assures all support to Bihar government to mitigate the flood situation. Teams of NDRFHQ are in Bihar for rescue and relief work,” the PMO tweeted.
Due to rains in the catchment areas of Nepal and Seemanchal district, rivers like Mahananda and Kankai in Bihar have swelled leading to floods in four districts.
The chief minister had demanded an additional deployment of 10 companies of the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) in the state, besides deployment of the Indian Air Force's helicopters to carry out relief-and-rescue operations.
Russia threw its weight behind China's massive Belt and Road plan to build trade and transport links across Asia and beyond, suggesting to India on Monday that it find a way to work with Beijing on the signature project.
NEW DELHI: Russia threw its weight behind China's massive Belt and Road plan to build trade and transport links across Asia and beyond, suggesting to India on Monday that it find a way to work with Beijing on the signature project.
India is strongly opposed to an economic corridor that China is building in Pakistan that runs through disputed Kashmir as part of the Belt and Road initiative.
India was the only country that stayed away from a May summit hosted by Chinese President Xi Jinping to promote the plan to build railways, ports and power grids in a modern-day recreation of the Silk Road.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said New Delhi should not let political problems deter it from joining the project, involving billions of dollars of investment, and benefiting from it.
Lavrov was speaking in the Indian capital after a three-way meeting with Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi and Indian Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj at which, he said, India's reservations over the Chinese project were discussed.
"I know India has problems, we discussed it today, with the concept of One Belt and One Road, but the specific problem in this regard should not make everything else conditional to resolving political issues," he said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Russia, all the countries in central Asia, and European nations had signed up to the Chinese project to boost economic cooperation, he said.
"Those are the facts," he said. "India, I am 100 percent convinced, has enough very smart diplomats and politicians to find a way which would allow you to benefit from this process."
The comments by Russia, India's former Cold War ally, reflected the differences within the trilateral grouping formed 15 years ago to challenge U.S.-led dominance of global affairs.
But substantial differences between India and China, mainly over long-standing border disputes, have snuffed out prospects of any real cooperation among the three.
India, in addition, has drawn closer to the United States in recent years, buying weapons worth billions of dollars to replace its largely Soviet-origin military.
Swaraj said the three countries had very productive talks on economic issues and the fight against terrorism.
(Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Eli Manning may be sitting out the Giants' preseason opener against the Steelers, but that didn't stop him from joining the hot opening party of Discovery Land Company's newest property, Dune Deck at Westhampton Beach, on Saturday.
The QB was seen mingling with hundreds of guests at the beach bash, and dining on food from Michelin-starred Chef Francis Reynaud, who divides his time between Dune Deck and Chileno Bay Golf & Beach Club in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico.
Others there included Discovery Land honcho Mike Meldman, world-renowned golf course architect Tom Fazio (who created the courses at Discovery Land's Baker's Bay, Silo Ridge and Yellowstone Clubs), New York Islanders coach Doug Weight, hedge fund tycoon and USTA board member Mark Ein, Republic Records president Charlie Walk, iHeartMedia president Richard Bressler, actress Molly Sims and Netflix film division head Scott Stuber, investor Jamie Dingman, Heather Mnuchin, Michael and Erica Karsch, and Fox 5 anchor Rosanna Scotto.
STARSPORT bring you all the latest Manchester United news and transfer gossip.
Manchester United have reportedly had a bid for Alessio Romagnoli rejected but the club will sell the star at the right price. According to Corrielle dello Sport, AC Milan have turned down an £44m offer for the defender. But it is said United are not giving up yet and believe Milan will sell the 23-year-old for the right price. Romagnoli is under contract in Italy until 2022 and has previously being linked with Chelsea.
Leonardo Bonucci to Manchester United: How Jose Mourinho could set up with AC Milan star LEONARDO BONUCCI is being linked with a move to Manchester United, but how would he fit into the line-up at Old Trafford? 1 / 12 GETTY GK: David De Gea
Leonardo Bonucci is more likely to join Paris St-Germain than United but the Red Devils are not out of the race to land the AC Milan star yet. That's according to Italian football expert David Amoyal, who has explained: “United could certainly afford him, but I think PSG could make a strong push. “We know Bouncci wanted to stay in Italy for family reasons (last summer). Manchester isn't that much further than Paris, but there's a long tradition of Italian and Serie A players being there (in Paris). “If Bonucci is sold, I would probably say PSG but let's see if it happens. I think a lot of it would have to do if Bonucci is prepared to move his family or not.”
GETTY Leonardo Bonucci could move to Manchester United this summer
Advertisement
Roads constructed with concrete pavement technology are cheeper and could last between 30 and 50 years, Africa's richest man, Alhaji Aliko Dangote, has said.
Dangote who spoke in Benin City, Edo state, through the General Manager, Commercial, of the AG Dangote Construction Company, Stanley Okocha, at the flagoff of construction of Navis Street using concrete technology, promised to deliver high quality concrete roads in the state.
Navis Street which was once ravaged by flood link Forestry road and Lagos Street. The road is now being used by AG Dangote as a pilot scheme to showcase concrete road technology.
Dangote spokesman noted that the concept of concrete road is to build micro and rural roads across the country.
He assured that Navis Street would be completed within the stipulated two months, adding that the state government engineers were on site to see how the technology works.
Okocha stated that the road construction has provided jobs for residents in the area as only heads of department were brought in from outside the state.
Advertisement
According to him, “We call it a pilot scheme because the agreement between Dangote and the State government is to showcase concrete road.
“We want to prove to the world that it is durable, we want to prove that it is cheaper and will be effective in Nigeria.
“What we hope to do in Edo state is to bring the heads of departments to the state from outside but the work force will come from the state. We are using the human power from the state.
“Concrete can last as much as 30 to 50 years while asphalt has less life span,” he said.
The Lawmaker representing Oredo East at the Edo state House of Assembly, Hon. Osaigbovo Iyoha who was on site to inspect the work, thanked the construction company and the state government for listening to the cry of the people.
He lauded the training of youths in the area in the work force of the construction company and affirmed that it will go a long way to curb the unemployment in the state.
“They are training our people, they have about 50 personals on ground, 20 are from around this area while 30 are from across the state, So I see a better Edo and I believe very soon we will meet the challenges of unemployment,” he said.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
MILAN: Inter Milan, currently enduring their fifth straight season without Champions League football, are determined to establish themselves as one of the world's top 10 clubs, vice president Javier Zanetti told Reuters in an interview.
Zanetti, a former Inter captain who made a club record 858 appearances over 19 years, also said the club were committed to redeveloping the San Siro stadium along with neighbours and rivals AC Milan.
The Argentine played for Inter during one of their most successful spells, helping them win four successive Serie A titles and culminating in a league, cup and Champions League treble in 2010 under Jose Mourinho.
Since then, Inter have entered a period of instability coinciding with a decline in Serie A, which has been unable to keep up financially with the Premier League or La Liga.
The club has changed ownership twice, most recently last June when it was sold to Chinese retail giant Suning Commerce Group, and it has employed nine coaches since Mourinho's departure.
Currently seventh in Serie A, Inter are set to miss out on Champions League action again next term and have slumped to 44th in the UEFA club rankings, which are based on performances over five seasons. But Zanetti sees a better future.
"We were winning for seven years in a row so it was perfectly natural that (would end), at a time when the ownership changed twice in three years," he said.
"Now we are at the stage of trying to build an important team ... where the club wants to be in the best 10 in the world. That is what we are working for but you can't do that overnight. You need time, a strategic plan."
He said it was not just a case of the new owners trying to buy their way out of trouble.
"You do it by building a team with good players but also with human values and with planning," he said.
"If we also buy players in the future that will help...but we have to spend intelligently, choosing players who fit in with what we are looking for."
"The first thing we are looking to do is get back into (the Champions League), where we feel at home."
Rivals AC Milan's new Chinese owners have said they were planning to invest in a stadium. Zanetti said Inter would be happy to jointly renovate San Siro, possibly reducing its capacity to improve the atmosphere.
"Inter has been ready with the project for more than one year," he said. "I hope that this situation can be resolved quickly."
"San Siro is one of the most beautiful stadiums in the world and to remodel this stadium and bring new alternatives within the stadium would be a fundamental strategy for us," he added.
He said that Inter's fans could rest assured Suning would respect the club's traditions.
"Suning has great respect for the identity and history of the club and for that reason we are working together to get Inter back to the big competitions," he said.
Zanetti, who retired three seasons ago at the age of 40, said he was still learning the ropes in his new role.
"For me it's a big challenge and I thank the owners who have shown me a lot of confidence and made me an important part of the club," he said.
"As soon as I got to Inter (in 1995), I realised it was going to be my home. It's a club that for me has, is and always will be very important."
(Editing by Hugh Lawson)
How much popcorn does the average American eat in a year?
50 quarts
30 quarts
68 quarts
45 quarts
Advertisement
India has successfully put a record 104 satellites from a single rocket into orbit on Wednesday, in the latest triumph for its famously frugal space agency, officials announced.
Scientists gathered for the launch in the southern spaceport of Sriharikota burst into applause as the head of India's Space Research Organisation (ISRO) announced all the satellites had been ejected.
“My hearty congratulations to the ISRO team for this success,” ISRO director Kiran Kumar told scientists who had gathered at the observatory to watch the progress of the Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV).
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi immediately congratulated the scientists for the successful launch which smashes a record previously held by Russia.
The rocket took off at 9:28am (03:58 GMT) and cruised at a speed of 27,000km per hour, ejecting all the 104 satellites into orbit in around 30 minutes, according to ISRO.
The rocket's main cargo was a 714kg satellite for earth observation, but it was also loaded with 103 smaller “nano satellites”, weighing a combined 664kg.
Advertisement
Nearly all of the nano satellites are from other countries, including Israel, Kazakhstan, The Netherlands, Switzerland, United Arab Emirates and 96 from the United States.
The launch means India now holds the record for launching the most satellites in one go, surpassing Russia which launched 39 satellites in a single mission in June 2014.
The business of putting commercial satellites into space for a fee is growing as phone, Internet and other companies, as well as countries, seek greater and more high-tech communications.
India is competing with other international players for a greater share of that launch market and is known for its low-cost space programme.
Last June, India set a national record after it successfully launched a rocket carrying 20 satellites, including 13 from the US.
It sent an unmanned rocket to orbit Mars in 2013 at a cost of just $73m, compared with NASA's Maven Mars mission which had a $671m price tag.
ISRO is also mulling the idea of missions to Jupiter and Venus.
Modi has often hailed India's budget space technology, quipping in 2014 that a rocket that launched four foreign satellites into orbit had cost less to make than Hollywood film “Gravity”.
- Advertisement -
A security aide to Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi State on Saturday allegedly assaulted a Federal Road Safety Corps officer for delaying the governor's convoy at a checkpoint.
It was learnt that the FRSC set up the checkpoint to prevent unauthorised access to the Eagle Square, the venue of the Peoples Democratic Party's convention.
The FRSC officer simply identified as Soji was reportedly slapped by an unidentified security officer in the governor's convoy.
Newsmen, who got to the checkpoint shortly after the altercation, observed that some operatives, comprising policemen, FRSC and Vehicle Inspection Officers, had blocked part of the Shehu Shagari Way with their vehicles to restrict access to the convention ground.
It was learnt that on getting to the blockade, the governor's security aides asked the FRSC officers to create a path for their convoy, but they reportedly got involved in an argument with Soji who was said to have been slapped by a security aide to Umahi.
An eyewitness stated that Soji wanted to engage his attacker in fisticuffs but was prevailed upon by his colleagues.
- Advertisement -
He was said to have subsequently left the scene in anger.
“We were all annoyed by the incident because the governor's security aides were not professional in the way they addressed us,” a police officer, who did not want his name in print, told newsmen.
But the FRSC spokesman, Bisi Kazeem, said no official report had been made by the concerned officer.
“We don't have any official report on the incident yet,” he said on Sunday.
Newsmen also observed on Saturday that security personnel deployed in the convention ground extorted money from individuals who had no accreditation to the PDP convention.
A number of party faithfuls were seen squeezing cash into the palms of a policeman who then directed his colleagues to give them passage to the convention venue.
“If you want to pass, you have to ‘see' us, no be grammar we wan chop,” our correspondent overheard the policeman telling a man in a Toyota Camry car who was pleading with him for free passage.
The driver later rolled some wads of naira notes which he passed to the police officer.
Advertisement
North Korea is preparing for “any mode of war” triggered by US military action, Pyongyang's envoy to the United Nations warned Monday, saying his country would respond to a missile or nuclear strike “in kind.”
The statement from North Korean Deputy Ambassador Kim In Ryong followed warnings from US Vice President Mike Pence to Pyongyang not to test US resolve following another missile test.
“If the United States dares opt for a military action (…) the DPRK is ready to react to any mode of war desired by the Americans,” Kim told a news conference.
“We will take the toughest counteraction against the provocateurs,” said Kim.
North Korea has taken “self-defensive” measures in response to US threats of military action and these reflect Pyongyang's determination to “counter nukes and ICBM in kind,” he said, referring to intercontinental ballistic missiles.
Advertisement
Pence told a news conference in South Korea that “the era of strategic patience is over” after North Korea on Sunday test-fired another missile as fears mounted that it may be preparing a sixth nuclear test.
Pyongyang is seeking to develop a long-range missile capable of hitting the US mainland with a nuclear warhead, and has so far staged five nuclear tests, two of them last year.
US President Donald Trump's decision at the weekend to send the Carl Vinson carrier-led navy strike group to the Korean peninsula shows that the “US reckless moves for invading the DPRK have reached a serious phase,” said Kim.
The North Korean deputy envoy asserted that Pyongyang would hold the United States “wholly accountable for the catastrophic consequences to be entailed by its outrageous actions.”
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will next week chair a special meeting of the UN Security Council on North Korea.
Posted by Josh Alper on April 18, 2017, 6:53 AM EDT
The Texans turned the page from Brock Osweiler earlier this offseason when they tied a second-round pick to their 2016 free agent bust and shipped him to Cleveland after one disappointing season in Houston.
Osweiler's play last year provided plenty of reason for the Texans to move on without him, but he probably sealed the deal off the field. Osweiler and head coach Bill O'Brien had an altercation at halftime in Week 17 to complete an uncomfortable year that returning quarterback Tom Savage cited while talking to reporters on Monday.
Savage was asked about what it will be like to work with Sean Ryan, who has made the move from wide receivers coach to quarterback coach.
“It's going to be a fun room; it's going to be a peaceful room,” Savage said, via the Houston Chronicle.
Fun and peaceful are all well and good, but they'll only go so far if the on-field play doesn't take a turn for the better over the course of the 2017 season.
Ganiyu Egunjobi, Chairman, Agege Local Government Area of Lagos State, says he relocates his office to the street once in a month to be nearer to the people and to provide services to them timely.
Egunjobi was seen on Feb. 1, performing his official duties under a canopy by the roadside on at Ogeretedo Street, Dopemu, Agege, a development that no doubt sparked comments from residents of Agege Ward B.
The action came at a time, when some political office holders, including state governors are being attacked by mobs for allegedly neglecting to pay attention to the people's needs.
But he told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that his action was informed by the need to reform local government administration, focus on the people's needs and take strategic decisions that would attract development to the area.
“When I assumed office, given my background, as a Sociologist, and manager by vocation, I knew it was essential I started strong in my new role.
“So, the first few days offered me the opportunity to build credibility with my new team, the council's staff and the management.
“I was also conversant with the fact that the staff would be anxious about my arrival and that I must find a way to put them at ease as quickly as possible because eliminating fear from the work environment is essential for success.
“So, that was the reason I abandoned my office on assumption to be in the midst of staff at the front office.
“On a lighter note, it was not because rodents had invaded the place,'' the chairman told NAN.
NAN reports that the presence of the entire council staff drew a crowd of residents, workers and business owners to the place, some of whom were rooted to the spot with amazement from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m while work lasted.
Interestingly, Egunjobi was not afraid of being mobbed by street urchins, or other unforeseen circumstances as the case may be in some while working in an open place.
“I grew up in Oja, one of the trouble spots in Agege, so I am one of them. I know what with them,'' he said.
“You see, the essence of this exercise is to build public trust. It is a programme we do once every month in each of our seven wards.
“Over the years, the scandals in government's circles have impacted all of us and undermined the trust of the public in our ability to govern responsibly and act as a steward of public resources.
“So, as government, we are making every effort to engage our community in our council's decision-making process and share information about its operations.
“Some people may see this as being unethical but the fact is that a local government must connect with the locals,'' he explained.
“Not all people in a locality can come to the office for various reasons. Some don't like the formal ambience of an office environment, some are put off by protocol and bureaucracies in government offices while the problem with others is just complex.
“So the idea of a monthly outdoor office, in essence, is to involve our residents in the decisions we make that affect their lives.
“The experience is great. It is an opportunity for some of them to interact with government officials one-on-one for the first time in their lifetime, and deal directly with officials rather than touts or middlemen.
“It is equally a veritable platform for me to educate the people living in Ward B on the waste management programme of Gov. Akinwunmi Ambode-led administration.
“And seek their support for it and also explain the dangers inherent in indiscriminate dumping of refuse,'' Egunjobi said.
Some residents even captured the scene on camera and posted the clips on social media, raking up thousands of views generating comments.
“It is a noble gesture for the chairman to be here with the council staff and to listen to our demands and problems.
“This clearly shows his concern and commitment to serve the people better,'' a resident, Mr Semiu Ogunbona said.
Ogunbona said that the one-day relocation would promote good relationship between the government and the residents as well as strengthen the people's confidence in their leaders.
A politician, Mr Oladimije Taofiq, also expressed happiness with the unusual development in the mini-African community, describing it as a novel idea that must be encouraged.
“It is our hope that this programme has come to stay. Most of the time it was during election that you see politicians meeting the electorate but for a chairman of a local government, who is six months in office to operate an outdoor office, it deserves acclaim,'' Taofiq said.
Similarly, Mr Olanike Biliaminu, the Chairman, Aluminum Profile Glass Accessory and Retailer Association (APGAR), commended Egunjobi for the initiative.
Biliaminu said that the concept would engender cooperation between the council and business operators.
“The chairman has brought government to our door steps and we used the opportunity to sort out some grey areas relating to our business activities and expectations of government from us,'' he said.
The people in Aluminum Village at Dopemu-Agege in Agege Local Government Area of Lagos State praised the one-day relocation of the council's headquarters to Ogeretedo Street in the area.
However, both residents and the business environment see it as a positive step to fast track development in their area.
Although attending to the electorate and other stakeholders without a barrier in an outdoor office is one thing, fulfilling the promises made to them is another challenge which the council must address with all sense of seriousness for them to continue to build their trust in governance.
MUMBAI: Australia's pace attack, emboldened by the return of "once in a generation" bowler Pat Cummins, could prove the difference between the sides in this year's Ashes series against England, former paceman Brett Lee told Reuters.
Steve Smith's side already boast tearaway paceman Mitchell Starc along with the precision of Josh Hazlewood.
Cummins returned to test cricket in India after more than five years in the wilderness, replacing injured spearhead Starc and taking eight wickets from the final two matches in Ranchi and Dharamsala.
His successful comeback has only bolstered Australia's already formidable pace resources.
"What Pat Cummins can bring is pace, aggression, control and anything between that. He is a once in a generation bowler and you have got to harness that amazing talent," Lee said in an interview at a Mumbai hotel overlooking the Arabian Sea.
The 23-year-old right-armer showed good control and generated enough pace even on the docile surfaces in India to trouble the hosts' batsmen.
James Pattinson has also been in stellar form in domestic cricket since returning from a 12-month injury layoff in February and the 26-year-old could complete a dream pace quartet for the five-match Ashes series starting in November.
Lee, an ambassador for Bowling Master, said he would struggle to summon the courage to face such a pace battery.
"I would be (scared), absolutely," Lee said after launching the cricket training kit which will be sold on Amazon's India portal.
"It's a pretty serious pace barrage that you've got. Australian bowling stocks now are pretty healthy.
"Hazlewood is more of hitting the good length, day in and day out. With Starc you will be full, short, good length, yorkers, the whole thing.
"Two completely different bowlers but complementing each other because they are building pressure from each end. Then you throw in someone like a Pat Cummins. It's a pretty handy attack."
Less than six months ago, Australia were still reeling from their 3-0 whitewash in Sri Lanka when they were beaten in the home series by South Africa with a match to spare.
The axe fell on some players and a revamped side gained a consolation win at Adelaide Oval before going on to blank Pakistan 3-0 in the following series.
They impressed one and all in India, going down 2-1 after a closely-fought four-match series against the world's top ranked test side.
Lee said Smith now had the players to build a team around for the long-term.
"After (former captain) Michael Clarke, you got Steve Smith taking over, and I think he's building his own team, which is a terrific team," said the 40-year-old.
"It's a team that are very close and a team that's going to be around for a long time now. You have got some young guys coming. (Matt) Renshaw is just 21 years old. (Peter) Handscomb has come on and just taken to test cricket like a duck to water.
"You throw in Pat Cummins, he's back in the mix after five and half years in absence of not playing test cricket. You got some people that are injecting in some youth, some experience. Australia is in a very good spot."
Lee was also looking forward to seeing how Joe Root, who replaced long-serving Alastair Cook as test captain, would lead England Down Under.
"He's a class act ... His stats back it up and proved that he is such an amazing talent," Lee said.
"He's ranked among the top four-five batsmen in the world. And you throw in the captaincy with that. I am actually looking forward to seeing how he goes on the Australian wickets."
(Editing by Ian Ransom)
LAS VEGAS — Nicklas Backstrom stood in front of his stall inside T-Mobile Arena after the Washington Capitals' 3-2 victory in Game 2 wearing Lars Eller's team-issued No. 20 top.
“He was so hot today so I wanted some power from him,” Backstrom joked before admitting he couldn't find his and just grabbed Eller's since they're stall neighbors.
Eller was hot in Game 2 with a goal and two assists, continuing a trend where the Capitals lose a top center and the 29-year-old Dane steps in and admirably fills the role.
With a little more than five minutes to play in the first period and the Vegas Golden Knights holding a 1-0 lead, Evgeny Kuznetsov left the game following a hit from Brayden McNabb. Capitals head coach Barry Trotz had to tinker with his top two lines again, like he'd done when Backstrom was injured in the second round. Eller was handed another promotion and rose to the occasion.
No wonder Alex Ovechkin called him the Capitals' “secret weapon.”
“Lars is not shy to take on a responsibility,” said Trotz. “He knows that he's got to fill in big shoes, either Backy or Kuzy, in the playoffs and he knows that he's got an opportunity. I think he relishes it. He takes that opportunity to showcase what he's able to do and he knows that we're relying on him. He's one of the more popular guys in our room, for sure. He just elevates his game when we need it. That's been Lars through the playoffs, but that's been everybody.”
Eller, who earned the mysterious nickname of “Tiger” following a team-building event last season, was forced into the second-line center spot in the series against the Pittsburgh Penguins after Backstrom missed four games with a hand injury. With a new and bigger role, he contributed two goals and five points and helped Washington to three wins.
“The more I'm out there, the better I feel on the puck,” Eller said. “Better flow in my game. I knew from the Tampa series that I had really good chemistry with [Jakub] Vrana and [T.J.] Oshie, so it wasn't a surprise for me when we did some good things when we were put back together. Just playing on instincts.”
The Capitals gave Eller a five-year, $17.5 million extension in February and he's doing a good job of living up to it. Through 21 playoff games, he has career highs in goals (six) and points (16). Clearly a tougher assignment isn't something that overwhelms him, as he's seamlessly transitioned up and down the lineup when called upon.
“I think some people have ways of digging down deeper,” said Oshie. “I think some people have ways of staying calm when the moment gets bigger. I'm not in his head, I can't tell you exactly why that is. I can tell you he gets his work done every day he comes to the rink. So maybe he's prepared for that when he gets that shot.”
Trotz had no update on Kuznetsov and with two full off days before Game 3 Saturday in D.C., it might be a game-time decision if he'll be back or if Eller will once again need to answer the call.
“Stanley Cup Final, you want to be on the ice not the bench,” Eller said. “I enjoy every single moment of it and it's been a great atmosphere here. I can't wait to go back to D.C. and see what the fans are going to bring.
“I don't know if Kuzy's going to play next or not, but if he isn't I'm going to be ready, we're going to be ready.”
Stanley Cup Final schedule
Game 1 Monday, May 28 – Golden Knights 6, Capitals 4
Game 2 Wednesday, May 30 – Capitals 3, Golden Knights 2 (Series tied 1-1)
Game 3 Saturday, June 2 – Golden Knights at Capitals, 8 p.m. ET (NBCSN)
Game 4 Monday, June 4 – Golden Knights at Capitals, 8 p.m. ET (NBC)
Game 5* Thursday, June 7 – Capitals at Golden Knights, 8 p.m. ET (NBC)
Game 6* Sunday, June 10 – Golden Knights at Capitals, 8 p.m. ET (NBC)
Game 7* Wednesday, June 13 – Capitals at Golden Knights, 8 p.m. ET (NBC)
* = If necessary
MORE:
• NBC's Stanley Cup Playoff Hub
• Stanley Cup Final Guide
————
Sean Leahy is a writer for Pro Hockey Talk on NBC Sports. Drop him a line at phtblog@nbcsports.com or follow him on Twitter @Sean_Leahy.
Breezy, few storms possible for Wednesday
FORT MYERS, Fla. There will be a high of 81 degrees with breezy conditions and some possible storms in the afternoon and evening hours Wednesday, meteorologist Matt Devitt said.
MUMBAI: Sailing with the tide is the easiest, but going against it is challenging. Aditya Prabhu, founder and owner Gladpeople Management Company is a man who stands against the tide. The world warned him against organising a drum festival, but he remained adamant and managed to attract 7,000 people at the India's first drum festival - the Dumru Rhythm Festival. This number later increased to 15,000 in four years. In an age and time when everyone is going EDM and Bollywood, Prabhu decided on standing by what he believes in most, Indian music.
In December 2016, he took a step further, this time more challenging and decided on promoting women percussionists by bringing in ‘Women Of Rhythm'. He knew there wouldn't be many takers for a niche genre like women percussionists, but he took the plunge anyway. Now, he plans to continue doing it every year and is hopeful that it will turn out to be a success like ‘Dumru'.
In a candid conversation with Radioandmusic.com, he talks about his roller coaster ride and vision ahead. Excerpts.
How did ‘Women of Rhythm' happen?
Five years into Dumru, we figured that in our entire line-up we never had women. Except when Suresh Talwalkar played with his daughter Savani Talwalkar -- who happens to be one of the best tabla players in India -- played with him. She was the only female artist we had, but she was not the main artist. Her dad (Suresh Talwalkar) was the main artist.
Was that negligence, rude, unresearched? I think it was all three. I knew Anuradha Pal (tabla) and Rimpa Siva (tabla) then but they did not fit in my curation.
Is this why you skipped Dumru in 2016 and dedicated it to 'Women of Rhythm'?
We did Dumru last in 2015 so we thought of skipping 2016 and dedicating this year's edition to women percussionists. This was to cover up for all these years that we missed out on the awesomeness of these percussionists. Dumru usually is a three-day festival, but ‘Women of Rhythm' is a day-long festival. This will cover up for at least one year of all those years that we have missed on bringing in women.
How did you bring these women percussionists together?
I started researching on them a year ago. I wanted to know if these women percussionists were good enough. I did not simply want to bring in a percussionist who could just play the instrument. They had to be good. Dumru as a festival curated percussionists who are very good. If they are even slightly mediocre, we don't get them onstage. We wanted to maintain the same quality in ‘Women of Rhythm'.
Why did it take this long for a festival around women percussionists to arrive?
There are amazing drummers around the world who have become drummers for big bands. For example, Sheila E is a drummer from the US who has played for Prince for 20 years. There is a drummer called Cindy Blackman who is Santana's drummer. People don't think twice before choosing a lady drummer in their band across the globe. In India, it is considered taboo. 'How will the nimble fingers play such big instruments?' was a question asked by the gurus of tabla and pakhawaj. They never allowed their own female children to learn percussion. They allowed them to learn dance, play piano, sitar, but percussion was always for men.
The scenario changed in 1970 with Dandamudi Summathi Rammohan Rao. She is our first lady percussionist. She has been playing the mridangam for 46 years and nobody knew about it. A violin guru would choose a great mridangam player but why not Rao? She is as good. She was not chosen because that taboo, that women don't play percussion is still there. I want to prove to the Indian audience that women can play percussion that is why I have got these percussionists.
Will you be limiting ‘Women of Rhythm' to Indian percussionists?
Going forward, we will get international percussionists like Cindy Blackman, Sheila E and many more. We will make it an annual event. We are also taking this concert to Bengaluru and Goa. The Bengaluru concert will be in March on Women's Day, and the Goa one in May. There are other percussionists who will be joining us in both these places. A few from the Mumbai concert will be repeated -- Anuradha Pal (tabla), Dandamudi Summathi Rammohan Rao (mridangam), Sukkanya Ramgopal (ghatam), Chitrangana Agle Reshwal (pakhawaj), Rimpa Siva (tabla) and Shiksha Bali (drums) performed in Mumbai.
The Mumbai event did not witness a huge turnout. What were you expecting?
We sold 100 tickets online, but a few more people walked in. The next year, I expect at least a 1000 people to attend it and in the 10th year I know I will have 10,000 people watching it. Life is unpredictable, but if I am around there will be 10,000 people. I got the event covered so there were no losses.
If we had even one big name like a Kaushik Chakravarti or a Shubha Mudgal we would have had a bigger crowd, but they are connected to Bollywood.
Tell us a bit about your company. How many drum festivals do you organise?
Dumru Rhythm Company now has four festivals - Dumru Rhythm Festival, Dumru Emerging Talent, Dumru – Women of Rhythm and Dumru Tabla Festival, where we get the gharanas together. We are completely a rhythm oriented company. We do not do anything but rhythm. Rhythm is life. Till rhythm is alive, we are alive.
Drums is a niche industry. How do you manage to pull the crowds in?
It's a niche industry but given the fact that we have 10 to 15 thousand people coming to watch Dumru, it's not niche anymore. We have arrived. It will take four more years to have more sponsors. We want 170 days of drums a year. I want to do a show every day, but we need sponsors. We are a small company that's taken a huge loss in three to four years. We are down about 1.5 crore upees. We hope someone comes along. We have event management firm, EMARS on board for now.
Drums seem to be really close to your heart.
Drum festivals followed us, but who knows them? It's because they don't work with passion. I work only with passion. I want to showcase talent. I want to bring them to the forefront and this is what keeps me going. I am married to rhythm and Dumru and this marriage will never end.
A Chinese steel manufacturer, Baosteel, has won the bid to supply steel to the Karachi nuclear power projects, Global Times reported on Monday.
The deal is reported to be as the "first export deal for China-designed, third-generation nuclear power technology".
The news outlet reported that China is now the fourth nation in the world after the United States, France and South Korea to independently export the third-generation nuclear power technology.
Amazon.com Inc said on Tuesday it was expanding its cloud computing business in China with a new local partner, aiming to win share in an increasingly crowded and highly regulated market.
BEIJING: Amazon.com Inc said on Tuesday it was expanding its cloud computing business in China with a new local partner, aiming to win share in an increasingly crowded and highly regulated market.
Amazon Web Services (AWS) will start offering customer services based out of the northwestern Chinese region of Ningxia in partnership with local firm Ningxia Western Cloud Data Technology Co Ltd (NWCD), the U.S. firm said.
"AWS has formed a strategic technology collaboration with NWCD, and NWCD operates and provides services from the AWS China Ningxia Region, in full compliance with Chinese regulations," Amazon said in a statement.
The move comes a month after AWS said it will sell the hardware assets of its Beijing-registered cloud unit for up to 2 billion yuan (US$302.06 million) to its partner Beijing Sinnet Technology Co Ltd to comply with new regulations.
China launched strict new regulations in June that require foreign firms to store data locally and outsource hardware elements to local partners.
Cloud services have become a crowded and competitive field in China in recent years, with domestic companies, including Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, opening dozens of new data centers in just the past year.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Chinese firms account for roughly 80 percent of total cloud services revenue in China, according to Synergy Research Group.
U.S. companies Amazon, Apple Inc and Microsoft Corp must jump over hurdles to compete, facing new surveillance measures by China and increasing scrutiny of cross-border data transfers.
The infrastructure for the new data centers in Ningxia was built by NWCD affiliates using specifications provided by AWS, an Amazon spokesman told Reuters.
While the AWS services offered in China are similar to services offered elsewhere, they are separated from other regions globally and customers enter agreements with Sinnet and NWCD rather than with AWS, Amazon said.
(US$1 = 6.6211 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(Reporting by Cate Cadell in Beijing and Jeffrey Dastin in San Francisco; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
LAS VEGAS — Everyone needs a Lars Eller. All he does is take care of business.
His business. Your business. Their business. Whatever you need, just ask.
You lose Nicklas Backstrom, as the Washington Capitals did earlier in the playoffs, and Eller scores. You lose Evgeny Kuznetzov, as the Capitals managed in the first period Wednesday night in Game 2 of the Stanley Cup final, and who steps up?
Danish guy named Eller.
In the toolbox of the Capitals, he's their Swiss Army Knife, with a different nationality. And for the first time of a career waiting for him to become something he'd never become, Eller has found his home, doing a little of this, a little of that, and playing whenever and wherever the Capitals require his services.
He started Game 2 of the final as the Capitals No. 3 centre, with Brett Connolly to his right, Andre Burakovsky to his left. But when Kuznetzov went down after a monstrous hit by Brayden McNabb, Eller moved up a line. He scored Washington's first goal — a particularly huge goal after the Vegas Golden Knights went up 1-0, finishing off a lovely three way passing play, with two wide, cross-ice passes moving the Knights in all directions.
He then set up Alexander Ovechkin for his first goal of the series, Ovechkin being where Ovechkin always is.
Eller almost saved the Capitals and buried them with a hooking penalty that put Washington down two men for 1:09 in the third period. The penalty may have prevented a goal. And when the Caps needed to stop Vegas in the final minute, with Marc-Andre Fleury on the Vegas bench, there was Eller, fighting for a loose puck, blocking a shooting lane and, in the end, grabbing hold of William Karlsson as the two teams almost brawled at the end of a hard fought Game 2.
And Eller, doing the Swiss Army Knife thing when necessary again — being a whole lot of everything for a team in need of something. Making the kind of plays, and being the kind of player, that makes a difference between winning and losing, on the scoresheet, in the boxscore and in the minds of his coaches.
This has been a Stanley Cup season on unusual eye-opening proportions. An expansion team is playing for the Cup. An apparently diminished Washington team, minus five of last year's starters, is playing for the Cup. The winning goal of Game 1 was scored by a guy that isn't household in his own home. The Game 2 winning goal was scored by veteran defenceman Brooks Orpik, who began this series by saying, “the chances of me scoring aren't very good.”
Orpik scores about as often as expansion teams play for championships. His previous goal was in February of 2016. Five months after the goal by Orpik, the Golden Knights hired George McPhee as general manager.
That's how weird all of this is. And now the series is tied at 1-1. Braden Holtby made a semi-impossible save late in the game after being very sharp on a two-man advantage against in the third period.
“That's hockey,” said Vegas coach Gerard Gallant, after Holtby had made a crazy-great, somewhat lucky save against Alex Tuch late and of that he said, “that's hockey sometimes.”
Had we got a chance to talk to Eller late, I suspect he would have said something along the lines of “that's hockey.”
And for Eller, it was. At age 29, this has been his coming out season as an NHL player of some consequence. For years in Montreal, something was expected to happen and it never did. This season, he scored 18 goals, the most he has never scored, had 38 points, the most he's ever accumulated, and in the playoffs, he has been a foreman on the Capitals construction site, cleaning up whatever has been needed to clean up.
The Capitals have to be somewhat happy being tied after two games, after winning 3-2 in Game 2 and getting to Fleury for seven goals in two games.
Los Angeles only scored three goals against Fleury. San Jose scored 14 goals on Fleury in six games. The high scoring Winnipeg Jets scored just 10 goals in five games against Fleury, six in the final four games.
Washington has seven already. Eller was in on two Wednesday night. He was in on two on a night when the leading scorer in the playoffs went down. “You lose one your top players on what we consider a questionable hit, and obviously a guy like Lars Eller has to step into that role.
“And he just stepped up. We have this expression — everybody pulled on the rope. To me, that galvanized the whole group. It might be a turning point for us. He relishes that role. He takes the opportunity to showcase what he's able to do. And he knows we rely on him.”
ssimmons@postmedia.com
twitter.com/simmonssteve
Sterling K. Brown, Brian Tyree Henry and Keegan-Michael Key shared their thoughts on Roseanne Barr's racist tweets and the canceling of her show by ABC during a red carpet for Hotel Artemis this week.
Hey ABC, can you give these guys a show instead? Watch above.
BRATISLAVA: Slovakia's Prime Minister Robert Fico urged other European leaders on Monday to stop calling referendums on domestic issues, saying they posed a threat to the EU and to the euro.
Last June Britain voted in a referendum to leave the European Union and last month Italian voters rejected a constitutional reform plan. Right-wing, anti-immigrant parties in France, the Netherlands, Italy and elsewhere are demanding referendums on their membership of the EU or the euro.
"I am asking EU leaders to stop with adventures like the British and Italian referendums (...) on domestic issues which pose a threat to the EU," said Fico, whose country handed over the rotating six-month EU presidency to Malta on January 1.
"Britain is not a eurozone country, Italy has a huge impact on the banking sector, the euro.
"What will we do if ... there is a referendum in Italy on the euro and Italian citizens decide they don't want the euro," Fico told reporters.
In Slovakia the small far-right People's Party has started a petition to call a referendum on the country's membership of the EU and of NATO, though it is unlikely to pass. Even if the party raises the 350,000 signatures needed, legal rules require a 50 percent turnout for the vote to be valid.
More than 90 percent of Slovak voters on a turnout of 52 percent voted for the country to join the EU in a 2003 referendum. Slovakia joined the bloc in 2004 along with the Czech Republic and eight other, mostly eastern European nations.
(Reporting By Tatiana Jancarikova; Editing by Gareth Jones)
North Korea has warned if the United States goes ahead with delayed military exercises with South Korea after the Winter Olympics it will not "sit idle", the North's foreign minister said in a letter to the United Nations.
WASHINGTON/SEOUL: U.S. President Donald Trump expressed hope on Friday that "something good" could come from North Korea's participation in the Winter Olympics in South Korea, even after Pyongyang warned it would not "sit idle" if Washington and Seoul resumed military exercises after the Games.
Trump met North Korean defectors at the White House on Friday and said the Olympics could serve as an indicator as to whether the crisis over North Korea's development of nuclear weapons capable of hitting the United States could be resolved.
North Korea has not tested a missile since November and resumed inter-Korean dialogue in January, leading to agreement on its Olympics participation and easing tensions after a year of escalating rhetoric between Pyongyang and Washington.
"It's a very tricky situation," Trump told reporters. "We're going to find out how it goes. We think the Olympics will go very nicely and after that, who knows."
He said he was not trying to send a message to North Korea by meeting the defectors. "They were here and I said 'let's tell your story'."
Asked if there was more Washington could do to resolve the problem, Trump said his administration was doing a lot but its options were limited given concessions by previous presidents.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"We ran out of road," he said. "We have no road left. So we'll see what happens, but in the meantime, we'll get through the Olympics and maybe something good can come out of the Olympics. Who knows?"
The North-South talks, the first in two years, came after Washington and Seoul agreed to push back a routine military drill until after the Olympics and Paralympics. The Games begin next week and run until March 18.
In a letter to the United Nations published by North Korea's official news agency, North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho warned against resuming the drills, which Pyongyang sees as practice for invasion.
He said that whenever the drills took place "the peace and security of the Korean peninsula were gravely threatened and the inter-Korean mistrust and confrontation reached the top, thus creating great difficulties and obstacles ahead of hard-won dialogues".
"We will make every effort to improve inter-Korean relations in future, too, but never sit idle with regard to sinister act of throwing a wet blanket over our efforts," Ri said.
He accused the United States of misleading public opinion by claiming that its pressure campaign, including "their harshest sanctions", had brought about the inter-Korean talks, when the "dramatic turning point" was thanks to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
In a commentary on Friday, North Korea's state media said Washington was attempting to create a "stage of confrontation" at the Olympics by saying the inter-Korean talks and the positive results that had stemmed from them could "disappear" after the Games.
The Pentagon did not respond to a request for comment on the North Korean statement about the drills, but a spokesman for the U.S. State Department, Mike Cavey, said: "The United States and our allies and partners in the region have long conducted routine exercises to maintain readiness. These exercises ensure we are trained for combined joint operations."
Trump's administration has warned that all options are on the table, including military ones, to resolve the crisis.
While it has repeatedly said it prefers a diplomatic solution, Trump has exchanged threats with Kim and U.S. officials have said the president and his advisers have discussed a preventative "bloody nose" strike on North Korea, alarming experts who warn that this could trigger catastrophic retaliation, especially on South Korea.
U.S. officials have said the debate on military action has lost some momentum as a result of the intra-Korean talks, which Trump has called a "good thing" and credited to his tough stance.
Joseph Yun, the U.S. special envoy on North Korea, said on Thursday he did not think the administration was close to triggering military action.
The White House said on Friday that Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe spoke by telephone and discussed an expanded missile defence system and other efforts to boost Japan's defences amid the tensions over North Korea.
Trump also spoke to South Korean President Moon Jae-in about human rights in North Korea and trade between the United States and South Korea, the White House said.
South Korea's presidential Blue House said Moon had expressed hope that the momentum of improved North-South relation would go on and that U.S. Vice President Pence's visit "would be an important prelude for that".
North Korea criticised Pence's pending visit to the Olympics and accused Washington of halting improvements in inter-Korean relations.
Last month, a White House official said Pence planned to use his attendance to try to counter Kim Jong-un's efforts to "hijack" the games with a propaganda campaign.
Twenty-two North Korean athletes will compete in the Olympics, including 12 who will play in a unified women's ice hockey team. The other 10, including a figure skating pair, arrived in South Korea on Thursday.
North Korea has also agreed with South Korea to send a 230-strong cheering squad, as well as an orchestra and taekwondo performance team.
However, a joint cultural performance planned in a North Korean mountain resort was called off this week by Pyongyang, which blamed South Korean media for encouraging "insulting" public sentiment towards the North.
(Reporting by Christine Kim in Seoul, Steve Holland, David Brunnstrom, Susan Heavey and Doina Chiacu in Washington; Writing by David Brunnstrom; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore and James Dalgleish)
LOS ANGELES: - Movie reboots are always risky business and in recent years we've seen the good, the bad and the ugly, when it comes to studios trying to breathe new life into an old story. But 2017 looks pretty promising for movie lovers, with some high-profile reboots coming our way that might just be better than the originals.
Beauty and The Beast
In a perfect piece of casting, Emma Watson stars as Belle in this live-action reimagining of Disney's classic 1990 animation. Dan Stevens stars opposite as The Beast, while Luke Evans takes on the role of the hated Gaston. The film also features a terrific voice cast including, Kevin Kline, Josh Gad, Ewan McGregor. Watson has promised to bring a fresh, feminist twist to the tale, which includes giving Belle a backstory beyond just her being a bookworm. Speaking to Entertainment Weekly, the actress dished: “We created a backstory for her, which was that she had invented a kind of washing machine, so that, instead of doing laundry, she could sit and use that time to read instead. So, yeah, we made Belle an inventor.” The movie is scheduled for release in March 2017.
Power Rangers
Those mighty morphin' Power Rangers have been away from our screens for too long, but 2017 will see the return of the teenaged superheroes. Dacre Montgomery leads the cast as the Red Ranger, with Naomi Scott as the Pink Ranger, RJ Cyler as the Blue Ranger, Ludi Lin as the Black Ranger and Becky G as the Yellow Ranger. The cast also includes Bryan Cranston as Zordon, the mentor of the Power Rangers, with Bill Hader as his robot assistant Alpha 5 and Elizabeth Banks as villain Rita Repulsa. Fans who grew up watch the original ‘Power Rangers' series on Saturday mornings might be happy to know that this reboot is being touted as less childish than the original series. Power Rangers is scheduled for released in March 2017.
Baywatch
Zac Efron and Dwayne Johnson team up for this tongue-in-cheek reboot of everyone's favourite 90s lifeguard drama. Johnson stars as head lifeguard Mitch Buchannon, who doesn't really take to his new, young recruit, Olympic athlete Matt Brody (Efron). Slo-mo running in Pamela Anderson's iconic red swimsuit as CJ Parker is model-turned-actress Kelly Rohrbach, while Bollywood megastar Priyanka Chopra plays villain Victoria Leeds. They're also be cameos from Anderson and David Hasselhoff. From the first teaser trailer the movie looks to be in the same vain as 21 Jump Street, by not taking itself too seriously and bringing a mix of nostalgia and all the laughs we'd expect from an Efron/Johnson pairing. Baywatch is scheduled for release in May 2017.
The Mummy
Tom Cruise leads the cast in The Mummy, which isn't a reboot of the trilogy starring Brendan Fraser. Instead the film marks the beginning of the Universal Monsters' shared universe, like the Marvel one, but with classic monsters including Dracula and the Bride of Frankenstein. Russell Crowe also stars as Dr. Henry Jekyll, who looks to end up being the universe's Nick Fury, who will tie all the films together. As for the actual Mummy, she's played by Algerian actress Sofia Boutella. The story will be set in the present day, with Cruise playing a military operative, who after a plane crash, wakes up in a body bag in a morgue, strangely unscathed. The Mummy is scheduled for release in June 2017.
Posted by Josh Alper on January 2, 2017, 4:17 PM EST
The Dolphins are back in the playoffs and they're not ready to say who will be starting at quarterback against the Steelers in the Wild Card round.
Matt Moore has started the last three games in place of Ryan Tannehill, who has been progressing in his recovery from a sprained MCL and ACL in his left knee. Gase said on Monday that he's going to need to see Tannehill at practice and “feel really good” about how the quarterback looks on the field before he thinks about returning him to the lineup.
“You guys all know that guy's a freak of a nature,” Gase said, via the Miami Herald. “I mean the amount of hits he's taken over his career. We've all seen him take worst hits than that during the season. I mean that one was bad but there were a couple of other ones that were pretty bad. His body is unique and the way he heals, the same way. So we'll just take it one step at a time. I'll have a better idea, especially once we hit Wednesday, but probably Tuesday.”
If Tannehill isn't able to move well enough to protect himself on the field, the decision will be an easy one for Gase. As long as that's not the case, however, Gase is probably going to have a choice to make before the year is out.
At least P80 million worth of goods made up mostly of smuggled rice inside 71 shipping containers were confiscated on Monday by the Bureau of Customs (BOC) port of Cebu.
According to the Bureau of Customs, the smuggled rice from China that were found inside the confiscated shipping containers had an estimated worth of P83.3 million.
Customs Commissioner Isidro Lapeña, who led the opening of the containers on Monday at the Cebu port, said that they received a report that supposedly there were containers in Cebu port that were misdeclared.
ADVERTISEMENT
“We received reports from Manila that the shipment supposedly declared as tiles but initial X-ray inspection showed that the containers actually held rice,” said Lapena, who received the information about the misdeclared goods on December 7.
“Of course may mga containers na may tile talaga na totoo, but mas maraming misdeclared as rice (Of course, there are containers that contain tiles but most of what's inside the containers are misdeclared as rice),” Lapeña said.
“It's difficult to think anything but pleasant thoughts while eating a homegrown tomato.” — Lewis Grizzard
Tomato season has arrived and local farm markets are brimming with sensational, seasonal fruit of all sizes, shapes and colors. At the market you may find tomatoes that are deep red and rotund, or petite poppers of bright orange and yellow, dusky purple or pale pink heirlooms, or pale green orbs just the right size for breading and pan frying, or pureeing for cake batter.
A wildly popular component of the American diet year round, seasonal summer tomatoes are now at the pinnacle of perfection. Richly ripe, and saturated with sun soaked sweetness, tomatoes are a conscious cooks' dream ingredient. Sliced thickly and seasoned with just a spritz of sea salt, tomatoes embody the sun, each heat soaked slice rendering fabulous flavor.
Once considered toxic, tomatoes supposedly became an accepted ingredient in 1820, when a sea captain consumed a basket of tomatoes in front of a large crowd. When he survived his sizeable snack, the spectators were won over to the fruit and have consumed them copiously ever since. While the tomato is the fruit of a flowering plant, it is considered a vegetable for culinary use, and was designated a vegetable by the U.S. Supreme Court in 1893!
Tomatoes provide a superior source of lycopene, a powerful, natural antioxidant that may have the capability of offering protection against sunburn and certain cancers. High in fiber, tomatoes may benefit the body by being a cholesterol lowering food and a blood sugar stabilizer. Among their other significant health benefits, consuming tomatoes may help repair lungs damaged by bad air or cigarette smoking, combat heart disease, save vision, and provide anti-aging nourishment for the brain.
Beautiful and beneficial, tomatoes are an ever so versatile crop. Whether chopped into sauces and salsas, blended into silky bisques or soups, piled on platters and paired with creamy fresh mozzarella or tangy goat cheese and finished off with a shower of fresh basil leaves and extra virgin olive oil, layered with zucchini, eggplant and fresh herbs and baked until bubbling, tomatoes make a sublime summer meal.
Savor summer's heat as you prepare a delicious life!
Hot Tomato Toast
Makes 8 servings
2 large garlic cloves, minced
Sea salt or Kosher salt
8 tablespoons olive oil
3 Tablespoons white wine vinegar or balsamic vinegar
1 pound of tomatoes (use any variety, super sweet cherry tomatoes would be lovely)washed and sliced
Freshly ground black pepper
8 slices of sturdy bread, baguette, ciabatta, etc. cut about 1 inch thick
1 cup of chopped fresh herbs ( basil, parsley, chives, thyme or any of your favorites)
2 very ripe avocados, peeled and mashed
Mix garlic together with a pinch of salt in a bowl and mash with a fork to make a paste. Add half of olive oil and vinegar. Add tomatoes, season with salt and pepper and toss until well coated. Let sit for 30 minutes to blend flavors.
Meanwhile prepare a grill for medium high heat. Brush both sides of the bread slices with remaining olive oil and grill until nice brown grill marks appear, but do not blacken. Remove bread from grill and divide avocado mash between the 8 slices. Add herbs to tomato mixture, then divide tomatoes between the bread slices. Sprinkle with a dash of salt and serve.
For more information on Robin Glowa, HHC, AADP, “The Conscious Cook,” go to www.theconsciouscook.net
Rabbit rescue organizations are preparing for an influx of surrendered and stray bunnies as Easter weekend comes to an end.
Kaylie Ngo, president of London, Ont.,-based Hoppy Hearts, said the peak season for her rescue starts in June and July — and much of the volume stems from bunnies that were hastily purchased as Easter gifts for kids.
Bunnies are usually given as gifts when they're about eight weeks old, Ngo said. But after a few months, their personalities start to shift.
“They start becoming very hormonal and active little teenagers that like to poop and pee and start destroying things,” she said.
The executive director of Rabbit Rescue Inc. in Cambridge, Ont., said oftentimes, parents who buy the animals for their kids don't understand what they're getting into.
“They're really similar to cats and dogs, not like hamsters and gerbils,” Haviva Porter-Lush said. They can't be kept in a small cage, for instance. Porter-Lush recommends keeping them in a pen or a dedicated room to themselves.
And they're also more like cats and dogs in terms of cost than many people realize, she added.
“When people see them in the store for $30 or $40, they don't realize that, say, 'in five or six months time, I'm going to need to spend $300 to $700 getting my rabbit spayed.”'
Ngo said that sometimes, a lack of veterinary care can be an issue for rabbit owners.
“Despite being the third most popular pet in North America, they are still considered an exotic pet by many veterinarians, and it can be really, really hard to find a good veterinarian to care for the rabbit,” she said.
Both Hoppy Hearts and Rabbit Rescue Inc. send rabbits that are up for adoption to foster homes — neither organization has a dedicated shelter space.
“It's hard, because it's a busy time of year and we get full very quickly,” said Porter-Lush, adding that they're limited by the number of people who have agreed to act as foster families.
In fact, Ngo said her rescue has become so busy that it's had to stop accepting owner-surrendered bunnies. Right now, she said, Hoppy Hearts is only taking in rabbits that have been abandoned outside.
“Even if only temporarily, being put outside is a death sentence,” she said.
So when they get the call about a domestic rabbit that someone has spotted outside, they act fast. Ngo said that at least two people will go out to the scene and try to corral the rabbit into a pen.
Then, they scan the bunny for immediate health concerns: dental issues, parasites and injuries. If it's all clear, they go ahead and get the bunny spayed or neutered as quickly as possible.
Both Ngo and Porter-Lush recommend fostering a rabbit before eventually adopting one — it's less commitment, and gives people a chance to see whether a rabbit is a good fit for their household.
Ryan Rumbolt and Anna Brooks, Postmedia Network Jan 1, 2017
It was a rough end to the holiday season for Sunwing travellers after the intoxicated pilot of a flight headed to Mexico was found unconscious in the cockpit with a blood-alcohol level more than three times the legal limit.
On Saturday, police said Sunwing Airlines pilot Miroslav Gronych, a 37-year-old Slovakian national in Canada on a work visa, was removed from flight WG595 headed to Cancun afterhis co-pilot found Gronych unconscious in the cockpit. The flight had 99 passengers on board and removing Gronych from the flight caused travel delays for passengers headed to and from Mexico on Sunwing flights.
Norm Mack was visiting Mexico with his wife and two daughters for the holidays and had booked a Sunwing flight to return home to Saskatchewan. Mack said their return flight was delayed for more than three hours and was upset because the pilot had "one too many tequilas."
"I don't want to sensationalize it or anything like that, but I guess when you're on holidays with family over the holiday season you trust the airline that you're flying with to look after you," Mack said.
Mack said passengers were not notified by Sunwing Airlines about the reason for the delay, adding it wasn't until the third hour of the delay that passengers were shocked to see posts on social media about Gronych being removed from their airplane.
"We were on Flight 596 coming back on the same plane in Cancun and then everybody figured it out," Mack said. “That's why we're sitting? Because we have a drunk pilot?"
"There are delays every day in the airline industry but nothing was said to any of the passengers. Everybody was wondering what was going on, but when it came to light of what the delay was, that's when the mood changed for everybody."
Mack said the group of travellers waiting in Cancun for their plane were visibly frustrated, but remained mostly calm. Even though Mack said he will "think twice" about using Sunwing Airlines in the future, he is grateful the flight crew were able to recognize Gronych was impaired and remove him from the flight.
"In retrospect, thanks probably should have been given to the crew that was on that plane . . . in the same token I think whether they deserve it or not, Sunwing's integrity sort of crashed yesterday."
Sue Walker said her son Jared and his wife Amanda had also been aboard the plane headed for Cancun, and that passengers onboard had been told by Sunwing that the pilot had the flu. But sitting fourth row on the flight, Jared said they saw cops heading on board and "heard something about impairment."
Jared said the most terrifying part of the ordeal was when the plane had to abort landing in Regina due to inclement weather, landing successfully on the second go around.
"What appalls me is if he got away with it and boarded and then attempted that landing, it would have been disastrous," Sue said. "They were pretty scared on the plane."
Booking a last minute trip Friday, Sue said her daughter-in-law suffers from cancer. Since she had been feeling better in between chemotherapy treatments, the couple decided to take a vacation and relax down in Cancun.
"It's definitely not the way you want to start off your holiday," Sue said. "Personally, I think that pilot should be charged with 105 attempted murders."
Flight WG595 was headed to Cancun with flight legs scheduled to Regina and Winnipeg. Police said the gate and flight crews noticed Gronych was "behaving oddly" before being found slumped over in the cockpit.
Gronych has been charged by Calgary police with having care and control of an aircraft while impaired and having care and control of an aircraft while having over .08 blood-alcohol level.
Transport Canada spokesman Dan Dugas said in an e-mail it is a criminal offence in Canada for a flight crew to work within eight hours of consuming alcohol or while under the influence.
Dugas said Transport Canada is reviewing the pilot's records and Sunwing Airlines' procedures and protocols.
In a statement, Sunwing Airlines said a new pilot was arranged for the flight and despite delays, the 99 passengers aboard flight WG595 were on route to their destinations around 2 p.m. on Saturday.
"We are very apologetic for any upset that this has caused and would like to assure our customers that safety remains our utmost priority," the airline said in the statement.
Seitu Jones of St. Paul, Minnesota, won the Jurors' Grand Prize for “The HeARTside Community Meal” in the time-based category. He brought together 250 community members for a healthy, locally-grown meal at a 300-foot-long table. (Photo: ArtPrize)
Artist Richard Schlatter turned 24,000 pennies into a $200,000 award by winning this year's Public Vote Grand Prize at Grand Rapids' ArtPrize.
The international art competition kicked off last month in downtown Grand Rapids and runs through Sunday. Now in its ninth year, ArtPrize attracted more than 1,300 artists. Schlatter, of Battle Creek, and other winners were announced Friday.
“The public has chosen work that is large scale, iconic and familiar, and one that reflects qualities that are widely admired — patience, skill and considerable labor,” said ArtPrize executive director Christian Gaines of Schlatter's “A. Lincoln” in a statement.
“Though this work depicts an image we've seen before in myriad ways, when we see it at this epic scale, we're invited to stop and reflect on our 16th president who set in motion the abolition of slavery in the United States.”
Seitu Jones of St. Paul, Minnesota, was honored with the Jurors' Grand Prize of $200,000 for his piece “The HeARTside Community Meal” in the time-based category. Last month 250 neighbors were invited to eat a healthy, locally-grown meal at a 300-foot long table in Grand Rapids' Heartside Park.
“A. Lincoln,” made by using pennies from 1909 to 2017, also won the public vote for two-dimensional piece. That category's juried award went to “Sofia Draws Every Day: Years 2, 3 and 4” by Sofia Ramírez Hernández of Grand Rapids.
“Lux Maxi­mus,” by Daniel Oropeza, fuses glass, copper, bronze and metal. (Photo: ArtPrize)
In the three-dimensional category, “Lux Maximus,” a large illuminated sculpture of a horse made of glass, copper, bronze and metal by Daniel Oropeza of California won the public vote. “Flint,” a water fountain with the sign “colored” on it depicting brown water, most impressed the judges. Speaking to the water crisis in Flint, this work was created by Ti-Rock Moore of New Orleans.
“Flint,” which addresses the water crisis in Flint, was created by Ti-Rock Moore and won in the juried three-dimensional category. (Photo: ArtPrize)
For only the second time in ArtPrize's history, the public and the judges agreed on the most worthy art piece in the time-based category: “Red Dirt Rug Monument” from Rena Detrixhe of Tulsa, Oklahoma. Requiring 200 gallons of sifted earth, hundreds of soles of shoes and 200 hours of labor, Detrixhe said the piece embodies the history of human's relationship to nature.
“Red Dirt Rug Monument” by Rena Detrixhe won in the public and juried time-based category. (Photo: Photos by ArtPrize)
Ryan Spencer Reed of Ludington and his “Oil+Water” won the public vote for art installation. Grand Rapids' own Jeffrey Augustine Songco and his “Society of 23's Locker Dressing Room” earned the juried vote in that category.
Ryan Spencer's “Oil+Water” won for art installation. (Photo: ArtPrize)
The Outstanding Venue Juried Award went to the Fed Galleries at Kendall College of Art and Design in Grand Rapids.
For a full list of winners, visit artprize.org/lists.
mbaetens@detroitnews.com
Twitter: @melodybaetens
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2y0KoCY
Tarek El Moussa spent the weekend alone as Christina scooped their kids up for a tropical vacation!
PHOTOS:‘Flip Or Flop' Star Tarek El Moussa Dates A Mystery Woman During Divorce
Maui days are the best days ☀️🌈 A post shared by Christina El Moussa (@christinaelmoussa) on Apr 15, 2017 at 8:33pm PDT
Christina, 33, took Taylor, 6, and Brayden, 1, to Maui, while Tarek, 35, explored Panama by himself more than 5,000 miles away.
Happy Easter 🐰💙🙌🏼 A post shared by Christina El Moussa (@christinaelmoussa) on Apr 16, 2017 at 12:32pm PDT
The littlest Flip or Flop stars have been at the center of their parents' divorce. Tarek demanded joint legal and physical custody of the children in his divorce petition earlier this year. (Christina has not yet responded to the filing.)
The couple was caught exchanging their kids in a parking lot shortly after.
Christina and Tarek briefly put their differences aside to support Taylor's Peter Pan performance, but then Christina used Taylor in her sexy bikini photo shoot to garner attention.
PHOTOS: Broke, ‘Suicidal' & More! 10 Dark Secrets Of The ‘Flip Or Flop' Split
Amid the split, Christina caught the eye of NHL player Nate Thompson — but the pro athlete dumped her after just weeks for a much younger lookalike. She was caught partying away the pain from their split just days later.
Are you surprised Christina took the kids and left Tarek? Sounds off in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.
BEIJING: Chinese officials trying to hide dishonest spending with tricks such as throwing extravagant parties in private will be targeted in a sustained campaign to root out hedonism, the top anti-graft watchdog said on Monday (Dec 11).
Concealing spending by holding lavish dinners in private homes, passing off pampering at a spa as "recuperation" from work and going sightseeing while on business trips are all in the sights of the graft busters.
President Xi Jinping has waged a five-year war on graft at all levels of the ruling Communist Party, from high-level "tigers" to lowly "flies" and has pledged to keep up the fight until officials dare not, cannot and do not want to be corrupt.
A crackdown on hedonism and extravagance in a drive to improve professionalism is to go on in Xi's second term, an unidentified official from the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection told the official Xinhua news agency.
"Efforts to address such misconduct should not be stopped and the work to improve the party's conduct and work styles should never end," Xinhua cited Xi as saying in a personal stamp of approval.
Petty corruption such as trying to hide extravagance in "concealed locations" will be targeted, as will the use of public funds to organise holidays in the name of recuperation, the official said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Officials have been trying to get big spending through by organising things such as weddings and funerals "bit by bit", staggering gift giving and accepting electronic gift cards or "red packets" of money via online payment platforms, the official said.
Although the anti-graft drive had improved the atmosphere in society, there could be "no intermission and no rests", the official said.
The CCDI official also warned that officials still suffer from excess "formalism" and "bureaucratism", Communist Party terms for failing to carry out central party orders.
When hosting visiting officials, some local-level cadres just take them on the same tourist trail where they speak to the same people as if watching a "fashion show", said the official.
Some attempt to cook the books, or "beautify" their data, to claim success and secure a quick promotion without actually getting the job done, while others simply take a laissez-faire attitude to improving work style.
"Cadres fond of formalism and bureaucratism who create a negative influence or grave results will be strictly punished, without tolerance," the official said.
(Reporting by Christian Shepherd)
You remember Corey Feldman as one of the 80s the biggest child stars from films like “The Goonies,” “The Lost Boys,” “Gremlins” among others & he's released music sporadically since 1992. Last year, he unveiled a new album & stage show called “Angelic 2 The Core”.
It's…an interesting project.
Corey Feldman @cdogg22 June 17 at Mystic Theatre! Tickets ➡️link in bio #coreyfeldman #mystictheatre #petaluma #northbay A post shared by Mystic Theatre (@mysticpetaluma) on Apr 17, 2017 at 8:58am PDT
Corey & the Angels made headlines last year for the bizarre performance they delivered on “The Today Show,” which if you haven't seen before – you really should.
You can see that on tour at the following stops:
June 15 @ The Cornerstone in Berkeley
June 16 @ The Catalyst Club in Santa Cruz
June 17 @ The Mystic Theatre in Petaluma
See you there?
College searches for 28th president
April 11, Provost Michael Halleran sent a campus-wide email informing the College of William and Mary community about the presidential search commmittee and open forums for community members.
The committee is comprised of multiple members of the Board of Visitors, Class of 2018 President Laini Boyd ‘18, former SA President Yohance Whitaker ‘16, Director of the William and Mary Tax Conference Eric Chason, Africana studies Professor Iyabo Osiapem and chair of the English department Suzanne Raitt.
This committee is responsible for conducting the nationwide search to replace College President Taylor Reveley, who will retire June 30, 2018.
In Halleran's email, he also announced that Wednesday, April 19, the College would be hosting forums for students and faculty to discuss the search. There will be three sessions, one for staff, one for faculty and one for tsudents.
The presidential search committee will meet for the first time Friday, April 21, while the BOV is in session.
“If we get a negative response from the EU we have the right to re-evaluate and suspend all of these agreements. The EU needs to give the visa-free travel our people deserve,” – said in an interview with broadcaster A Haber Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu commenting on the migrant deal and visa liberalization with the European Union claiming they were a package.
Relations between Turkey and the European Union have deteriorated sharply in the run-up to a referendum which could grant sweeping powers to President Tayyip Erdoğan.
Turkey has warned before that the migrant deal was in jeopardy. Last month Erdoğan said he could hold a referendum on whether to continue EU accession talks, and victory in Sunday's vote would strengthen his domestic position in his dealings with the bloc.
Turkey threatens to flood Europe with immigrants if they don't get EU visa free travel https://t.co/Dt15QzMZ1B — David Jones (@DavidJo52951945) April 14, 2017
7 of 7
Do you think she's missing her romantic Italian family life? Where is George? Let us know your thoughts in the comments below. We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.
Photo credit: Getty Images
SINGAPORE: Every time you go to the toilet, your waste enters the sewers as used water, gets treated at a water reclamation plant, then processed into NEWater or released into the sea.
The treatment process also produces sludge, a mud-like mixture of solid and liquid bits that goes into the incinerator and then dumped in the landfill.
Advertisement
Sounds simple enough, but there's a problem: It's not just a bit of mud.
Singapore consumes 430 million gallons of water a day (mgd), enough to fill 782 Olympic-sized swimming pools, and generates 300,000 tonnes of sludge a year, equivalent to the weight of 3,000 buses.
These figures are not about to go down. By 2060, when Singapore is set to use twice the amount of water it does now, it will generate 600,000 tonnes of sludge annually.
This presents a challenge, as Semakau Landfill is projected to run out of space by 2035 at the current rate waste is being generated and burnt.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Enter national water agency PUB, which is trying to recycle more of the sludge into biogas, an important source of energy.
PUB is already turning some of the sludge into biogas, which means its four water reclamation plants are 25 per cent energy self-sufficient.
This is because its plants have digestors that convert the organic matter in sludge into biogas, which can in turn power generators.
Pump shafts in the Deep Tunnel Sewerage Sytem pumping station at the Changi Water Reclamation Plant in 2009. (Photo: Don Wong / TODAY)
But within the next decade, PUB wants its plants to be fully energy self-sufficient. This means turning even more sludge into biogas through technological innovations.
One way is through a thermal hydrolysis process (THP), which pre-treats sludge using high temperature and pressure to improve its breakdown rate in digestors. This allows more organic content to be converted to biogas.
PUB is testing this technology at a demonstration plant at the Jurong Water Reclamation Plant. The demonstration plant can treat up to 70 tonnes of sludge a day.
The agency is also testing a "novel combination" of processes, including a biologically enhanced treatment facility and energy-efficient membrane bioreactor (MBR) that helps shorten the treatment process, reduce energy use and maximise biogas production.
This combination is being validated at the Ulu Pandan wastewater treatment demonstration plant, which uses 40 per cent less energy than a typical plant.
WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL?
Besides extending landfill lifespans, how will reducing the energy and waste footprint of treating used water benefit people?
As PUB explains, used water treatment is the "backbone" of NEWater production, which currently supplies up to 40 per cent of Singapore's water demand. By 2060, NEWater will supply up to 55 per cent.
File photo of NEWater plant. (Photo: PUB)
The same goes for desalinated water, another national tap that will be stretched by rising demand.
“Meeting future water demand with today's technologies will see PUB's energy footprint quadruple to 4,000GWh/year and the amount of sludge generated double to over 600,000 tonnes a year by 2060,” PUB said on Tuesday (Jul 3). “This is unsustainable and can only be overcome by leveraging technological innovations.”
That energy footprint would have been enough to power 686,000 5-room Housing and Development Board flats for a month.
“The price of energy is going to go up,” PUB's assistant chief executive (future systems and technology) Harry Seah said. “If you don't do anything today, the cost of producing water is going to go up.”
WATER PRICES
When asked if the technological innovations would help keep water prices stable, Mr Seah said “we do our part through efficiency to drag it (out) as long as possible, that's the best I can do”.
Since July, the price of water has gone up 30 per cent following a two-step increase. The hike was in line with the rising costs of producing water.
File photo of tap water. (Photo: AFP/Yoshikazu Tsuno)
“Whether the price will go up, I don't know, but we can try our best to make our water affordable to the public,” he added, highlighting that it would also depend on other factors like manpower.
“Basically, we have to look at it from the point of view of sustainability, besides dollar and cents.”
INVESTING IN R&D
And so PUB's target is clear: Produce double the amount of water to meet 2060 demand, but with the same energy and waste footprint.
To do this, it has - together with partners - invested an average of S$30 million a year in water technology research and development (R&D), enabling technologies like THP and MBR to progress beyond proof-of-concept.
The electro-deionisation process that separates salt from seawater takes place in these modules. (Photo: Aqil Haziq Mahmud)
For instance in desalination, PUB has invested in electro-deionisation (EDI) technology, which uses an electric field to extract dissolved salts from seawater.
In contrast, desalination is currently done by reverse osmosis (RO), which involves pushing seawater through membranes that filter out salts and impurities.
The fact that EDI revolves around extracting a small component out of a larger base, as opposed to other way round in RO, means it consumes less energy.
The electro-desalination facility in Tuas is being used to demonstrate that the technology works, before it is transferred to the new Tuas Desalination Plant. (Photo: Aqil Haziq Mahmud)
While current desalination technology uses 3.5kWh/m3, an EDI demonstration plant in Tuas is consuming 2.4kWh/m3 to process 3,800m3 of water a day.
The target is to bring this down to 1.8kWh/m3 by the end of the year, while there are also plans to further validate the technology at 10,000m3 of water a day at the new Tuas Desalination Plant.
Beyond EDI, PUB is pouring resources into other water technologies ranging from electrical fields to cell membranes, all in the name of reducing energy consumption.
REDUCING WATER DEMAND
While these bode well for boosting the efficiency of water supply, Mr Seah insisted that managing water demand is equally important.
“Even when I say water demand is doubled, I'm going to try ways and means to impede the rate of increase of the demand,” he said.
Mr Seah said the PUB has been “quite aggressive” in encouraging industries to recycle their processed water, in a bid to reduce demand by 3mgd every year.
A family living in Punggol testing out the new smart water meters that aim to drive water efficiency within households. (Photo: Facebook/PUB, Singapore's National Water Agency)
As for consumers, Mr Seah said the automated meter reading (AMR) project will help PUB monitor efficiency and energy savings, as well as calibrate demand and supply.
In 2016, PUB piloted the project to provide some 500 households in Punggol with “timely” information on water consumption.
“Most important, it is to change the behaviour of consumption,” Mr Seah added. “If you turn it into a behavioural change, if a member of the public thinks it's the last drop, then you will be very careful using water.”
Getty Images
Roberto Aguayo says he hasn't lost confidence despite his disastrous year in Tampa Bay.
Aguayo, the second-round kicker who was awful as a rookie for the Buccaneers last year, is now a Bear after the Bucs cut him. He says he's feeling confident as he starts anew in Chicago.
“I know what I'm capable of and the standard that is held in the NFL. I'm just going to go out here and do what I've got to do here,” Aguayo said.
Although he may always be remembered as one of the all-time dumb draft picks, Aguayo said he can hold his head high.
“I know the type of man I am,” he said. “I know the integrity and what I have inside me. That doesn't define me as a man. I'm defined by how I keep my head up and keep pushing. That's in the past now. Yeah, at the time it hurt. But there are new opportunities and I'm here now, so this is my next opportunity and I'm looking forward to making the most of it.”
Aguayo will compete with Connor Barth for the Bears kicking job. His tenure in Tampa was a bad joke, but it's still possible that he can have a productive NFL career in Chicago.
Zanesville Fire Chief Doug Hobson says the 8 inch gas leak is still “blowing” while Energy Cooperative line walkers are in the Somers Street area making sure the area is safe. Other gas crews are working to isolate the leak which occurred near Zanesville High School. Area industrial customers like Genesis and Armco have been advised and have switched over the Columbia Gas service. ZFD has also advised other industrial customers of the current situation. Hobson says so far no evacuations have occurred. But all events planned at Zanesville High School Wednesday night have been cancelled. Hobson says the plan is to re-route and isolate the natural gas leak. The ZFD Chief says he wants residents from Blue Avenue to Ohio University Zanesville to “shutter in place” (stay inside) until the all clear is given. The incident happened around 11:30 Wednesday morning when a construction crew bulldozer severed the gas line while building a trail between ZHS and Ohio University Zanesville.
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Monday refused to take cognizance of the recent deaths of children at a government hospital at Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh.
The bench comprising Chief Justice J S Khehar and Justice D Y Chandrachud asked the lawyer, who mentioned the issue before it, to approach the Allahabad High Court with his grievances.
The lawyer has also sought an SIT probe into the deaths of children at the Baba Raghav Das Medical College (BRD) hospital in Gorakhpur.
The court observed that the authorities were handling the situation and the grievances, if any, have to be raised before the high court concerned.
Over 60 children have reportedly died at BRD Medical College Hospital since August 7, many for want of oxygen whose supply was disrupted after bills were not paid to the vendor.
At least 30 children were reported dead in the last two days alone. Many of the victims were infants who perished in the neo-natal intensive care unit.
The state government had on August 12 ordered an official inquiry by the chief secretary and suspended the principal of the Medical College Hospital Rajiv Mishra.
HILLSBORO, Ore. -- About 50 firefighters were able to get a brush fire under control Wednesday afternoon, after it threatened a nearby home in rural Hillsboro.
The firefighters will remain on scene for several more hours to watch for hot spots and assure it doesn't reignite. They will also work out a plan with the homeowner to monitor the fire overnight.
Tualatin Valley Fire and Rescue said the fire started as a controlled burn on Southwest Holly Hill Road, but the fire spread outside the boundaries once the winds picked up.
The fire burned approximately 12-15 acres, officials say.
Firefighter says a controlled burn became out of control when the winds picked up. They are trying to protect the house of the homeowner. 12-15 acres estimated. pic.twitter.com/0KIuuL1wtf — Brian Brennan (@BrianBrennanTV) May 30, 2018
Video: Brush fire threatening home in rural Hillsboro
© 2018 KGW
Getty Images
Not only did the Minnesota Vikings lose the NFC Championship game in January, they lost their starting center to a broken ankle. Elflein had surgery to repair the damage in January.
According to Chris Tomasson of the St. Paul Pioneer Press, Elflein's surgery was deemed a “100 percent success” by surgeon Dr. Robert Anderson and Elflein is expected to be able to take part in some portion of offseason work with the team this spring.
Elflein was injured when Philadelphia Eagles defensive tackle Timmy Jernigan tossed guard Mike Remmers to the ground. Remmers landed on Elflein's planted ankle, which caused the fracture.
A third-round pick of the Vikings last year, Elflein helped stabilize an offensive line that had struggled immensely in 2016.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Pentagon is allowing transgender people to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite President Donald Trump's opposition.
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue, and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military. Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban. Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services.
Maj. David Eastburn, a Pentagon spokesman, says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles. The Defense Department also is studying the issue.
Eastburn told The Associated Press on Monday that the new guidelines mean the Pentagon can disqualify potential recruits with gender dysphoria, a history of medical treatments associated with gender transition and those who underwent reconstruction. But such recruits are allowed in if a medical provider certifies they've been clinically stable in the preferred sex for 18 months and are free of significant distress or impairment in social, occupational or other important areas.
Transgender individuals receiving hormone therapy also must be stable on their medication for 18 months.
The requirements make it challenging for a transgender recruit to pass. But they mirror concerns President Barack Obama's administration laid out when the Pentagon initially lifted its ban on transgender service last year.
The Pentagon has similar restrictions for recruits with a variety of medical or mental conditions, such as bipolar disorder.
“Due to the complexity of this new medical standard, trained medical officers will perform a medical prescreen of transgender applicants for military service who otherwise meet all applicable applicant standards,” Eastburn said.
Last year, then-Defense Secretary Ash Carter ended the ban on transgender service members, allowing them to serve openly in the military. He said that within 12 months — or by July 2017 — transgender people also would be able to enlist.
Trump, however, tweeted in July that the federal government “will not accept or allow” transgender troops to serve “in any capacity” in the military. A month later, he issued a formal order telling the Pentagon to extend the ban. He gave the department six months to determine what to do about those currently serving.
Trump's decision was quickly challenged in court, and two U.S. district court judges have already ruled against the ban. Part of one ruling required the government to allow transgender individuals to enlist beginning Jan. 1.
The government had asked that the Jan. 1 requirement be put on hold while the appeal proceeds. The Pentagon move Monday signals the growing sense within the government that authorities are likely to lose the legal fight.
“The controversy will not be about whether you allow transgender enlistees, it's going to be on what terms,” said Brad Carson, who was deeply involved in the last administration's decisions. “That's really where the controversy will lie.”
Carson worried, however, that the Defense Department could opt to comply with a deadline on allowing transgender recruits, but “under such onerous terms that practically there will be none.” Carson, who worked for Carter as the acting undersecretary of defense for personnel, said requiring 18 months of stability in the preferred sex is a reasonable time.
“It doesn't have any basis in science,” he said, noting that experts have suggested six months is enough. “But as a compromise among competing interests and perhaps to err on the side of caution, 18 months was what people came around to. And that's a reasonable position and defensible.”
The presidency has expressed concern over what it termed hate speeches by media practitioners in the country.
The senior special assistant media to the president, Garba Shehu's aid appealed to members of the Fourth Estate of the Realm to show more decorum and professionalism in the reportage of security and humanitarian situation in the country.
He also described media reportage on the killings across the country as unfortunate .
He said “The growing lack of respect for journalism ethics and press laws in the Nigerian media, especially regarding the clashes in Benue State is very unfortunate.
“The frequent expressions of hate speech published by newspapers, in news stories and especially in columns is indeed a source of concern to all.
“We want to state emphatically that a segment of the Nigerian media is sinking deeper and deeper into the mesh of hate speech in spite of repeated appeals by recognised and reputable media bodies, the Government and concerned Nigerians.”
The presidential spokesman lamented that self-regulation which is the norm in civilized societies has taken flight from many newsrooms.
For instance, Shehu cited a recent column published in a national newspaper which said ‘‘President Muhammadu Buhari was the first to endorse the Benue massacre'' on New Year Day. The same columnist described the Minister of Defence, Mansur Muhammad Dan-Ali as ‘‘a dyed-in-the-wool Fulani irredentist who places trade over and above human life''.
He further said the diatribe went further to invite citizens of the country to arm themselves and fight each other adding that one of the newspaper's Saturday headlines proclaimed: ‘Expect More Blood in Benue…'
He explained “Apart from the basic tone of respect expected from an individual who is supposedly intelligent and educated enough to know better since they have been granted space to write in a national newspaper, there is the risk of inciting the public to actions that will have gory consequences for the entire nation for generations to come.
“Those beating the gongs of war and fanning the embers of discord must remember what prevailed in Rwanda before the genocide of the early 90s, during which hundreds of thousands of lives were lost as a result of consistent hate speech spewing from that country's media.
“We must learn to express our grievances and criticisms without resorting to gutter language or to name calling, and the press has a responsibility to maintain that even if it means calling their columnists to order.”
He noted that President Buhari, by the Constitution, has the primary duty of protecting life and property and that is what he has been doing in Benue and across the country.
“Calling him a murderer is not only grossly disrespectful but unfair, especially when the President has written a letter to the Senate detailing his efforts to quell the crisis in Benue State, including dispatching the Minister of Interior and the Deputy Inspector General of Police in charge of operations for an on the spot assessment of the situation in the aftermath of the unfortunate incident; and receiving a direct briefing from the IG the following day,” he said.
Billy Quinn sits on his bike and a concrete slab where his trailer once stood in Islamorada at the Seabreeze trailer park along the Overseas Highway after Hurricane Irma slammed the Keys in September.
Dozens of onlookers rushed to help as one man launched a flurry of blows at another who appeared to be on the phone.
The fight took place on a busy London street outside a Pret a Manger yesterday.
According to reports, a customer tried to film someone attempting to break into a cafe next door.
The video shows the furious man barrel down the pavement yelling “who are you?” before starting to beat up another young man.
Advertisement
The Nasarawa State Governor, Alhaji Umar Tanko Al-Makura, has given an assurance that in the next two years, the Lafia airport will be ready for operation.
He said the ongoing Lafia Airport, when completed will be the most viable alternative to the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport which is in Abuja.
“With the commitment of the contractors, there is every assurance that in the next two years the airport will be ready for use”.
The governor affirmed that with the 65 kilometer road to be constructed from the Airport to Keffi, passengers from Abuja will be able to access the Airport within one hour ten minutes.
Advertisement
He explained that depending on the location of passengers in Abuja, the Lafia Airport will be closer to those around Karu, Asokoro and other locations in Abuja looking at the distance to the Abuja Airport and that of Lafia.
He further maintained that the airport will also open up more business channels and activities that will boost both the economy of the state, FCT and equally create employment opportunities for the people.
He added that the people of the state and business partners interested in the project should be rest assured that the Airport will be a reality.
Days after 32-year-old Heather Heyer got killed in the Charlottesville hate crime, her mother has spoken out, RadarOline.com can reveal.
“My heart is broken but I am forever proud of her.”
As Radar can report, Heyer got hit by James Alex Fields Jr. – a white supremacist – when he charged his car at her and several others during a peaceful protest.
PHOTOS: Running From Her Past? Casey Anthony Surfaces In Florida Nearly 7 Years After Daughter's Murder — 10 Photos Of Her New Life
“She always had a very strong sense of right and wrong, she always, even as a child, was very caught up in what she believed to be fair,” Susan Bro said to the Huffington Post. “Somehow I almost feel that this is what she was born to be, is a focal point for change. I'm proud that what she was doing was peaceful, she wasn't there fighting with people.”
The victim's mother also claimed that her daughter was a “very passionate young woman.”
“She believed very strongly in speaking up for the rights of others. That's why she was there,” she said, speaking of why Heyer was at the protest the day she got killed.
She also said her daughter loved giving back as she often gave people in need both food and shelter for as long as they needed it – sometimes months.
“She lived her life like her path — and it was one of justice,” agreed a neighbor who knew Heyer.
Speaking of the hate and anger that Heyer's death has brought on to fellow protestants, individuals and friends, Bro said: “I don't want her death to be a focus for more hatred, I want her death to be a rallying cry for justice and equality and fairness and compassion.”
PHOTOS: Charlotte Protests: State Of Emergency Declared After Violence Explodes
Fields, the killer, “has now ruined his life as well as robbed a great many of us of someone we love very much,” she added.
Heyer's friends have set up a GoFundMe to help raise money for her family.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.
Jose Mourinho has identified 19-year-old Dalot as Antonio Valencia's long-term successor at right-back.
Manchester United have been in talks with Porto this week over a deal for the prospect.
It has been reported they triggered Dalot's £17.5m release clause but that does not become active until tomorrow.
According to The Times newspaper, Old Trafford chiefs fear a number of rival clubs are preparing to hijack their swoop.
It is claimed Barcelona, Real Madrid and Bayern Munich are willing to activate Dalot's buy-out clause.
United are set to react to the mounting interest by increasing their offer to around £19m in the coming hours.
DETROIT (AP) — The PGA Tour is returning to the Detroit area after a 10-year absence.
Detroit-based Quicken Loans has signed an agreement to host a new PGA Tour event in the Motor City starting next year. Still to be determined is the name of the tournament and when it will be played, though it likely would be two weeks after the U.S. Open.
The tour said Wednesday that the tournament is expected to be held at Detroit Golf Club, a Donald Ross design.
As part of the deal, the company will retain its title sponsorship of the Quicken Loans National this summer, the tournament outside Washington that is run by the Tiger Woods Foundation.
Michigan had the Buick Open from 1958 through 2009, a tournament that Woods won three times.
MAU is hiring for manufacturing facilities and is looking to fill openings for warehouse jobs.
Positions include pickers/packers, material handlers and forklift operators. The pay for these jobs ranges from $9 to $11 per hour, and entry-level and experienced workers are welcome. Onsite interviews will be conducted and candidates could be hired on the spot to start work immediately.
MAU Hiring Event
Wednesday, Oct. 11, 9 a.m. to 11 a.m.
SC Works Charleston
1930 Hanahan Road, Suite 200
North Charleston
Copyright 2017 WCSC. All rights reserved.
In a U-turn, Gulf carrier Emirates on Wednesday scrapped its decision to discontinue 'Hindu meal' on its flights citing customer feedback.The move comes a day after the airline announced that it would stop serving 'Hindu meal' and that Hindu customers can choose from a variety of regionally-inspired vegetarian and special meals.Emirates is the single largest foreign carrier operating in India in terms of flights."Based on feedback from our customers, Emirates confirms we will continue to provide a Hindu meal option, to make it easier for our Hindu customers to identify and request this option," the airline said in a statement on Wednesday.According to Emirates, it constantly reviews the offering after taking into consideration customer uptake and feedback."Food and drink form an integral part of any Emirates flight experience and our menus are created by leading chefs to reflect the culture and preferences of Emirates' diverse customer base," it noted."Emirates has always provided a wide variety of special meals that can be ordered at least 24 hours in advance to cater to our customers with medical or religious dietary requirements, including our Hindu customers," the statement said.In a statement issued on Tuesday, the carrier had said as part of continuous review of the products and services available to customers, it would discontinue the 'Hindu meal' option.The airline had also said that its Hindu customers can order in advance from a wide variety of regionally-inspired vegetarian and special meals catering to specific dietary requirements in all classes of travel."Emirates also offers options of religious meals like Vegetarian Jain Meal, Indian Vegetarian Meal, Kosher meals and Non-Beef non-vegetarian options as well," it had said.The airline operates flights to Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Chennai, Delhi, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Kochi. Kolkata and Thiruvananthapuram, according to its website.
PARIS - Brant councillors think it's time to write a master plan to guide revamping aging infrastructure in downtown Paris to cope with expected growth.
Council's corporate development committee is supporting a report from Michael Bradley, general manager of operations and deputy CAO, which calls for the hiring of a consultant to draw up the master plan.
If council approves the committee's recommendation at its April 25 meeting, staff will issue a request for proposals to hire a consultant.
Downtown Paris is loosely defined as the area abutting the Grand and Nith rivers, with William Street as the northern boundary. That area is undergoing a surge in new business and residential development.
Bradley told the committee that the growth in the core is putting pressure on aging sidewalks and roads, streetlights, traffic signals, horticultural features, walking trails, benches and parking lots.
"Many of these assets are approaching their end-of-life and are inadequate for this evolving area," Bradley said.
Council regularly receives requests from residents, businesses and others for various infrastructure improvements, he noted.
"To make informed decisions, a comprehensive infrastructure plan for the downtown is required," said Bradley.
"This plan will allow improvements to be made intelligently to maximize the county's infrastructure investments while minimizing disruption to residents, businesses and visitors."
Coun. Shirley Simons said in an interview that a comprehensive infrastructure plan is needed for the downtown.
"We are reworking a lot in our downtown and it's a big undertaking," she said.
"Just to take one example, we want to change completely to LED lighting. To do that, we need to rewire, which means ripping up the sidewalks to get the old wiring out and put in the new wiring, which means replacing the sidewalks. And that's just one thing.
"To do everything we want, we need to find out which is the best way to approach it all. We need to do it right."
Bradley said that the master plan would:
Review future downtown development to find infrastructure gaps;
Engage stakeholders, including the Downtown Paris Business Improvement Association, local residents and the Paris Renaissance Team;
Review background documents, such as the community improvement plan earlier approved for the core, the official plan and other land-use plans;
Develop a conceptual design for all municipal infrastructure. It would include roads, parking areas, sidewalks, crosswalks, walking trails, streetscape features, lighting, parks, telecommunications, washrooms and other public amenities;
Draw up an implementation plan to allow the conceptual design to be constructed in stages;
Set a budget for each stage of the plan.
The money for the master plan study would come from a $100,000 fund in the 2017 budget that is set aside for all consultant contracts for the year. The cost will be better known when consulting firms respond to the proposal call.
MMarion@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/EXPMarion
The new Zoning Commission will host its meetings on Wednesdays going forward.
The Zoning Commission decided at its Jan. 30 meeting to have all of its public hearings and administrative sessions on the fourth Wednesday of every month, while administrative session-only meetings will be on the second Wednesday.
February's meetings will be held on Feb. 13 and 27, both Tuesdays. The commission will only meet once in October, November and December.
Regular Zoning Commission meetings had been held on Tuesdays.
WASHINGTON — Monday was the first day of the antitrust trial over AT&T's proposed merger with Time Warner, and it was hardly an explosive day of testimony.
Actually, the proceedings were really evidentiary hearings, in which the judge heard from both sides on what emails and documents they thought should be allowed to be admitted as evidence in the trial. Opening arguments won't be until Wednesday, so this was really a prelude, to decide what gets to be talked about when things really get up and running.
That said, there were still moments that offered a glimpse of what is to come over the next few weeks:
AT&T and Time Warner rivals may testify on why they don't like the merger. Part of Monday was devoted to the question of how to handle documents from third-party witnesses when they testify in the case. The companies are rivals to AT&T and Time Warner, and want the court to keep most of their information confidential. Judge Richard Leon is grappling with how to handle situations when they take the witness stand and are questioned about the documents — i.e. does he clear the courtroom and make their testimony private?
So far, he's asked the lawyers to try to work it out among themselves. But it raises the very real possibility that the trial will show which companies have been expressing their concerns about the merger to the Justice Department, something that is usually kept in confidence in past transaction reviews. The DOJ sees their testimony as important to show how their bargaining will change for the worse if AT&T-Time Warner gains increased leverage and are able to demand higher prices for content. Among those expected: an executive from Google talking about YouTube TV and the importance of its “virtual” multichannel platform in obtaining the Turner networks.
Daniel Petrocelli, the lead counsel for AT&T-Time Warner, told the court that the rival companies have been “working very closely with the government and have met many, many times.” He suggested that they would offer testimony warning of the increased leverage of a combined AT&T-Time Warner, but argued that it would be “all speculation about what could happen.”
Leon acknowledged that such third-party competitors “are afraid … that if this goes through, they are in a worse position than they are in now.” But he also expressed concern that too much was being kept from public view. “There's no way all this stuff should be confidential,” he said.
The Justice Department says emails contain “startling statements.” Eric Welsh, one of the Antitrust Division lawyers, argued for the admission of a trove emails from AT&T and Time Warner employees, and at one point said the court “will see some startling statements from these individuals.”
In many cases, AT&T-Time Warner is objecting to the admission of many of the emails unless they are connected to witness testimony. Petrocelli argued that in some instances, the emails are from lower-level employees who don't have authority over merger decisions, and he pointed out that the government is seeking to enter 18 exhibits into evidence that come from one person just out of business school.
He also downplayed what evidence the government does have, calling their strategy the “incredible shrinking case.” He suggested that the government lacks a smoking gun document, like one where an executive comes out and says that the merger will allow them to raise prices. “You will see none of those,” he said.
AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson and Time Warner CEO Jeff Bewkes are expected to testify, and will attend opening arguments on Wednesday.
Welsh said the DOJ would be adding witnesses to address some of the documents.
The DOJ is determined to use AT&T's own words against it. The Justice Department wants to admit past filings that AT&T has submitted to the FCC in some of its public proceedings, including Charter's proposed acquisition of Time Warner Cable in 2016, AT&T's merger with DirecTV in 2015, and a programming carriage proceeding in 2012.
Welsh said such past statements are important to show that the company recognized the value of so-called “must have” content for multichannel platforms — a key argument in its case — and how vertical integration could have an impact on leverage in the marketplace. “Now today they are coming into court saying, ‘Don't worry because it's not going to be an issue,'” he said.
Petrocelli, though, said that what the company said in past FCC proceedings shouldn't have a bearing on the present case because so much has changed in the intervening years. “The government cannot prove its case … with respect to another issue in another matter.”
There looks to be a long trial ahead. Leon is concerned about the volume of exhibits the parties are trying to admit. He is several times expressed hesitation about including as evidence slide decks, or the PowerPoint presentations that are ever more common in corporate America, unless the relevance can be established.
The proceedings are expected to last six weeks at a minimum, Leon said. As high as the stakes are, not every moment will be earth shattering. That was evident after the court was about to return from its first break on Monday morning. One of the U.S. marshals warned those watching, “Do not nod off,” or he'd give them a tap on the shoulder.
Advertisement
The National Youth Supreme Council of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has asked the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration to explain to Nigerians why it has not been able to prosecute any of the stalwarts of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) indicted for corruption.
The group said while the administration has found it easy to distract Nigerians with the purported recovery of funds from indicted persons from opposing parties, it has not seen reasons to tell Nigerians how much it has recovered from the its high-ranking officials who were also indicted for corruption.
In a statement issued tuesday by the Youth Council's National President, Adai Edwin Adai, he gave instances of such allegations levelled against the former Governor of Rivers State and now Minister of Transportation, Hon. Rotimi Amaechi; the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, (SGF), David Babachir Lawal, as well as the alleged N500 million bribes by the multinational company, MTN to the Chief of Staff to the President, Alhaji Abba Kyari, and other APC stalwarts.
“We read with amusement the purported reports by the federal government that it has recovered a total of $151 million and N8 billion through whistle-blowers but none recovered from looters in the present APC administration.
“While we await the government of the day to tell Nigerians the names of those the supposed looted funds were recovered from through whistleblowers, we wish to encourage and applaud the whistle-blowing policy and advise Nigerians to continue to demand good governance from this administration and not be distracted with the latest innovations of the ruling party.
Adai said the most ridiculous aspect of the reports from the federal government was the naming of the former Group Manager Director (GMD) of the Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Mr. Andrew Yakubu, of $9.2 million without the mention of the remaining suspects and where the other monies were recovered.
Advertisement
“Lest we forget, has the APC-led federal government recovered the N13.12 million loan the Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, borrowed from one of the parastatal under his ministry, the Nigeria Broadcasting Commission (NBC)?
“The last has also not been heard of all the allegations of several misappropriations in Lagos State during the tenure of the Minister of Works, Housing and Power, Mr. Babatunde Fashola. We are yet to get the full detail of the steps taken by this so-called anti-corruption administration against the allegations made by the Justices of the Supreme Court against the Minister of Science and Technology, Mr. Ogbonaya Onu, and Amaechi.
“The judges are already in court defending themselves on several count charges of fraud and money laundry but President Buhari's ministers are working freely and unhindered.
“We are also waiting for the final report of investigations into the misuse of office and cases of corruption hanging on the neck of the acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Mr. Ibrahim Magu. There is a saying that those who go to equity must do so with clean hands.
“Nigerians will also remember the huge fraud and several cases of forex racketeering under this administration. Nothing has been done and It's still business as usual as friends and cronies of this government are buying dollars at a cheaper rate and making billions of naira by reselling same in the black market.
“We therefore believe that the new so-called whistle-blowers successes recorded by the APC-led federal government is a distraction to divert attention from failures and incompetence of this administration.
“We demand that the government publish the names of all those the monies were recovered from apart from the former GMD, Yakubu.
“We also know for a fact that the only reason the ruling party is sending its anti-corruption watchdog against one of its financier in the 2015 general elections, Yakubu, was because he is preparing to run for governorship in Kaduna State in 2019 and the non-performing APC is not happy with this move,” he said.
A man is in custody after leading officers on a chase that ended in an officer-involved shooting.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) — Just two years into his pro career, Tyler Bertuzzi has already earned a strong reputation as a playoff performer.
“Any time that you're noted as a playoff performer, that's what everybody wants to hear,” said Todd Nelson, the head coach for the Grand Rapids Griffins.
Bertuzzi agrees.
“I like the playoffs,” he said. “It's a gritty style of hockey and that's the type of hockey I like to play. It's do or die every night and I like to play that way and the puck just always seem to find my stick.”
Bertuzzi was a second-round draft pick of the Detroit Red Wings in 2013. He burst into the AHL playoffs in 2015 with seven goals and 12 points in just 14 games.
“The first year, he comes out of junior and almost leads our team in scoring as a point-a-game player,” Griffins captain Nathan Paetsch said. “That's a special, unique skill set. A lot of guys tend to shy away in the playoffs and he steps it up more.”
Last season, Bertuzzi — known as Bert to his teammates — posted seven goals and eight points in just nine playoff games.
“Bert's a really good player,” said fellow Griffins forward Mitch Callahan. “He thrives in these situations. He's one of the kind of guys, he's winner, you need a guy like him on your roster to win.”
In fact, with 20 points in just 23 games, Bertuzzi's production in the postseason is more than double his regular-season average.
“They know what to expect from me,” he said. “They know that I'll show up every night and work as hard as I can.”
His style, tenacity and physicality is a perfect match for the playoffs.
“You have to fight for every ounce of space,” head coach Nelson said. “Especially in front of the net, and Bert plays that style. He plays a noisy game and he goes to those tough areas and these are games where he shines.”
“I'll do whatever it takes to get the win,” Bertuzzi said, “and I'll show them again this playoff.”
The Griffins open the postseason Friday night against the Milwaukee Admirals at Van Andel Arena in downtown Grand Rapids.
—–
Online:
Grand Rapids Griffins
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike, whose new conservative party is challenging Japan's ruling bloc in an Oct. 22 election, said on Friday she would not visit the controversial Yasukuni Shrine for war dead if she ever became prime minister.
TOKYO: Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike, whose new conservative party is challenging Japan's ruling bloc in an Oct. 22 election, said on Friday she would not visit the controversial Yasukuni Shrine for war dead if she ever became prime minister.
Koike, often floated as a possible first female Japanese premier, reiterated, however, that she did not intend to run in the election and said nothing would change her mind. Speculation has persisted despite her repeated denials.
Asked if she hoped to become prime minister, Koike told Reuters: "My strong intention is to do my best as the governor of Tokyo, so I have not thought about that."
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe called the lower house election in hopes his ruling bloc would keep its majority in the chamber, where it now has a two-thirds "super" majority, but Koike's fledgling Party of Hope has clouded the outlook.
Koike calls her party a "reformist, conservative party", and many of its security and diplomatic policies echo those of Abe's equally conservative Liberal Democratic Party (LDP).
Abe, who took office nearly five years ago, visited Yasukuni Shrine, seen by China and South Korea as a symbol of Japan's past militarism, in December 2013. The visit sparked an outcry from Beijing and Seoul and an expression of disappointment from ally Washington and he has not gone in person since then.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Koike, 65, who has visited the shrine herself, said paying respects to war dead was common in other countries but added she would not go if she were premier based on a "comprehensive decision" balancing personal beliefs and diplomacy.
"I would refrain from that," she said.
A former LDP member and defence minister, Koike also said
there was no need for a major change in the Bank of Japan's hyper-easy monetary policy and there should not be any sudden change under the next central bank chief.
Noting that the BOJ had adopted a hyper-easy monetary policy, she added: "Unfortunately, this has not cured deflation. But I think there is no need for a big change in direction."
Asked about desirable policy under the next BOJ governor, she said, "There will probably be parts that are an extension of current policy. If there were a sudden change, I think that would have an impact on the stock market."
BOJ Governor Haruhiko has been the main architect of monetary policy under Abe, and his five-year term expires in April.
Koike also said, however, that there was need for bolder, speedier reforms than those carried out by the prime minister.
"In a fast-changing world, Japan's progress is way too slow," said Koike, who first entered parliament from a small reformist party in 1992 and later joined the LDP. She defied the LDP to run for governor last year and her novice local party won a July Tokyo assembly poll by a landslide.
(Reporting by Linda Sieg and Ami Miyazaki; Editing by Clarence Fernandez and Nick Macfie)
New England Patriots running back Dion Lewis hasn't caught many passes in 2017. But maybe he should be catching more.
During the Patriots' Week 14 game against the Miami Dolphins, Tom Brady lofted a pass out to Lewis in the flat. And while the throw looked like a throwaway, Lewis tracked down the lobbed throw, and hauled it in with one hand.
Pro Kabaddi League Auction Day 2 Live Updates: Hello and welcome to Firstpost's coverage of Pro Kabaddi League auctions. Stay tunes for all the updates.
Preview: On a day which saw the making and breaking of records at the Pro Kabaddi League (PKL) players' auction, five Indian and one foreign player entered the Rs 1 crore club with raider Monu Goyat being the most expensive after being snapped up by Haryana Steelers for a whopping Rs 1.51 crore.
On Wednesday, the first of the two-day PKL auction here, several records were made, only to be broken within minutes.
Earlier, Deepak Niwas Hooda became the first player to cross the Rs 1 crore mark as Jaipur Pink Panthers paid a astounding sum of Rs 1.15 crore to bag his services for the league's sixth edition.
Nitin Tomar, who was last year's costliest player with a price tag of Rs 93 lakh, also followed Deepak to edge past the 1-crore mark as Puneri Paltans pocketed him for Rs 1.15 crore.
In the final moments of the first day auctions, UP Yoddhas spent Rs 1.11 crore to retain Rishank Devadiga.
Delhi tried their best to sign star raider Rahul Chaudhary after making a Rs 1.29 crore bid, but the Telugu Titans excercised the Final Bid Match (FBM) at the right time to retain the 24-year-old.
However, former India captain Anup Kumar suffered a fall from grace as he commanded a mere Rs 30 lakh. Anup, who led India to a record third World Cup title in 2016, will represent the Jaipur Pink Panthers this season.
He had commanded a price of Rs 56.65 lakh last season, while being retained for the fifth consecutive time by the U Mumba franchise. However, he was not retained this season following a run of poor form.
Earlier in the day, Iranian defender Fazel Atrachali became the first to breach the Rs 1 crore mark in PKL history. The Iranian was pocketed by U Mumba for a whopping Rs 1 crore.
Having a base price of Rs 30 lakh, the 26-year-old stirred a neck to neck fight between Jaipur and the Mumbai franchises before the later sealed the deal.
Gujarat Fortunegiants had the option to retain the Iranian. However, they decided not to exercise the FBM option.
With this purchase, the Iranian also surpassed Tomar.
The left corner defender has featured in 56 matches of PKL, securing 152 tackle points.
Atrachali's joy of being the costliest buy in PKL history was shortlived as Jaipur spent a massive sum of Rs 1.15 crore to take Hooda home.
He sparked a bidding war between the various franchises. Haryana Steelers and Dabang Delhi fought a close fight to secure his services. However, it were the Panthers who came out victorious to bag the 23-year-old.
Patna Pirates paid Rs 21 lakh for all-rounder Kuldeep Singh while Pink Panthers once again spent Rs 58 lakh for Mohit Chillar.
Surinder Nada, meanwhile, also emerged as one of the most expensive players as Haryana Steelers had to spend Rs 75 lakh for keeping the all-rounder in their squad.
Atrachali's compatriot Abozar Mohajermighani, who was the first foreign player to be auctioned, was snapped up by Telugu Titans for Rs 76 lakh as the Fortunegiants once again refused to exercise their FBM option.
South Korean raider Jang Kun Lee was bought by Haryana Steelers for Rs 33 lakh. However, the Bengal Warriors utilised the FBM card to retain the 25-year-old.
However, the franchises showed meagre interest in Chillar, who was one of the most expensive buys at last year's auctions. Tamil Thalaivas took home the defender for a mere Rs 20 lakh.
Bengal also signed Bangladesh's left cover defender Ziaur Rahman for Rs 33.25 lakh, while his compatriot, raider Md Zakir Hossain, went to Haryana Steelers for Rs 8.4 lakh.
Jaipur Pink Panthers showed interest in Iran's Farhad Rahimi and had almost picked him for Rs 21.5 lakh but Telugu Titans utilised the FBM option to retain the right-corner defender.
Jaipur however, secured the services of South Korean Young Chang Ko and Kenya's David Mosambayi after paying Rs 11.4 lakh and Rs 10.2 lakh respectively.
Gujarat signed their first players of the auction when they spent Rs 12 lakh and Rs 17.2 lakh to rope in Iran's Hadi Oshtorak and South Korean Dong Geon Lee respectively.
Patna Pirates bought South Korean all-rounder Taedeok Eom for Rs 11.4 lakh, while another South Korean Dong Ju Hong was pocketed by Bengaluru Bulls for Rs 8 lakhs.
Nepal's all-rounder Sanjay Shrestha was sold to Puneri Paltan for Rs 8 lakh while South Korean Seaong Ryeol Kim went to UP Yoddhas for Rs 8.2 Lakh.
On the other hand, Tamil Thalaivas paid Rs 8 lakh to bag Chan Sik Park of South Korea.
On the second and final day on Thursday, players from the B and C category will go under the hammer for the upcoming sixth edition of the league.
The death toll from the devastating tower block fire in west London is expected to rise as investigators trawl through the wreckage in the search for other victims.
At least 12 people have died after the huge fire destroyed Grenfell Tower in north Kensington, where flames could still be seen burning almost 24 hours after the blaze started.
Prime Minister Theresa May has promised a "proper investigation" after the fire tore through the 24-storey building early on Wednesday morning amid growing concerns about how the fire could have spread so rapidly.
Speaking in Downing Street, Mrs May said: "When it's possible to identify the cause of this fire, then of course there will be proper investigation and if there are any lessons to be learnt they will be, and action will be taken."
Many people are still unaccounted for and firefighters are continuing to tackle "pockets of fire" in the block, with the operation now in the "recovery phase".
Commander Stuart Cundy of the Metropolitan Police said: "This is going to be a long and complex recovery operation and I do anticipate that the number of fatalities will sadly increase beyond those 12."
Residents' groups have claimed they voiced concerns about the safety of the building, which had been recently refurbished, while those who escaped complained their fire alarms had not been set off by the blaze.
Policing and Fire minister Nick Hurd said emergency checks would now be carried out on tower blocks undergoing similar renovations.
Grenfell Tower, which built in 1974, was recently refurbished at a cost of £8.6 million, with work completed in May last year.
Kensington and Chelsea Council admitted it had received complaints over the works, after a residents' action group said its warnings about safety had fallen on "deaf ears".
A blog post from Grenfell Action Group in November said "only a catastrophic event" would expose the concerns residents had.
The group said there was one entry and exit to the tower during improvement works and it had issues with evacuation procedures.
Concerns had also been raised about exposed gas pipes weeks before the devastating blaze.
Rydon, the firm that carried out the refurbishment work, said the project "met all required building regulations", in its latest statement following the fire.
But a line stating that the project had met all "fire regulation and health and safety standards", which was included in an earlier release, had disappeared.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said "searching questions" need to be asked about what happened, suggesting spending cuts could have contributed to the deadly fire.
He said: "If you deny local authorities the funding they need, then there is a price that's paid."
Witnesses described hearing screams for help from people trapped on the upper floors of the block as flames engulfed the building, which contains 120 flats thought to be home to between 400 and 600 people.
Children and a baby were seen being thrown out of the windows to be caught by emergency workers and members of the public below.
London Fire Brigade said it had rescued 65 people as flames engulfed the block, and had managed to reach all 24 floors, though a full search of the building has not been completed.
NHS England said 74 patients were treated in six hospitals across London. Thirty-four remain in hospital including 18 who are in critical care.
On Wednesday evening, dozens of people gathered for a vigil in the shadow of the tower as the sun began to set.
Many were moved to tears after pausing for moment of silent contemplation outside the Notting Hill Methodist Church in west London.
Emergency accommodation had been provided to 44 households affected by the fire, with f amilies with young children, elderly residents and those who are vulnerable given "immediate priority", the local council said.
People unable to return to their homes have been offered a place to stay at Westway Sports Centre in Crowthorne Road, north Kensington.
When questioned about residents' worries about fire safety at the block, Kensington and Chelsea Council's deputy leader Rock Feilding-Mellen told BBC's Newsnight: "My understanding is that their concerns were looked at and officers and the TMO (tenant management organisation) made inquiries and felt we had done what was necessary."
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Player of the Night: Travis Zajac, New Jersey Devils.
What has gotten into Travis Zajac? Did he step out of a time machine this week, and if so, was it the type that makes you a bit more monstrous, like the one from “The Fly?”
Zajac factored into all three of the Devils' goals in a 3-1 win against the Pittsburgh Penguins, collecting two goals and one assist. The Devils have been slipping quite a bit lately, but they've now won three in a row, with these last two wins being considerable.
And Zajac's been a notable factor in each of the past two wins, fighting Radko Gudas and shockingly holding his own:
Highlights of the Night:
Are we certain that Mike Hoffman isn't Swedish? Feels like a relevant question, considering his expert use of the Peter Forsberg Postage Stamp move:
Unusual scene for the Lightning on Saturday: Cory Conacher drew a penalty shot while taking a high-sticking infraction to his face. He got repairs, scored on that penalty shot, and then the Bolts received a two-minute power play. Weird. (Also: Conacher has been pretty hot for Tampa Bay recently.)
Sweeet save by Tuukka Rask, who continued his personal point streak of 20 games.
Tough to top the bottle-bashing goal:
Exploding water bottle goal by Gourde 💥 pic.twitter.com/LPQk3G5oue — NHL GIFs (@NHLGIFs) February 4, 2018
Factoids:
The Stars' scoring is about as imbalanced as the score of their 6-1 win against the Wild.
Jamie Benn, Alexander Radulov, Tyler Seguin or John Klingberg, who factored in on four of six @DallasStars goals, have been involved in 108 out of 162 goals, excluding shootouts, this season (66%). #NHLStats #MINvsDAL pic.twitter.com/ru5Q7xhZ09 — NHL Public Relations (@PR_NHL) February 4, 2018
In his young career, Sean Monahan has 131 regular-season goals. He's scored 10 of them in overtime.
At 23 years, 115 days old, #Flames Sean Monahan is the youngest player in NHL history with 10 career OT goals. — Sportsnet Stats (@SNstats) February 4, 2018
Henrik Sedin is a few ahead of his twin Daniel Sedin (who's currently at 1,276 regular season games). Daniel could hit 1,300 if he plays most of the Canucks' remaining games.
NHLers to play 1,300 games for one franchise during entire career Nicklas Lidstrom
Alex Delvecchio
Shane Doan
Steve Yzerman
Joe Sakic
Stan Mikita#Canucks Henrik Sedin — Sportsnet Stats (@SNstats) February 4, 2018
Tuukka Rask is the 13th different goaltender in NHL history to earn at least one point in 20+ consecutive decisions and fourth to do so with the @NHLBruins. #NHLStats #TORvsBOS pic.twitter.com/nFjv0fLTTe — NHL Public Relations (@PR_NHL) February 4, 2018
Scores:
Canadiens 5, Ducks 2
Senators 4, Flyers 3 (SO)
Jets 3, Avalanche 0
Bruins 4, Maple Leafs 1
Blues 1, Sabres 0
Panthers 3, Red Wings 2
Devils 3, Penguins 1
Islanders 4, Blue Jackets 3
Predators 5, Rangers 2
Stars 6, Wild 1
Lightning 4, Canucks 2
Flames 4, Blackhawks 3 (OT)
Kings 6, Coyotes 0
—
James O'Brien is a writer for Pro Hockey Talk on NBC Sports. Drop him a line at phtblog@nbcsports.com or follow him on Twitter @cyclelikesedins.
REUTERS: Anthem Inc said on Wednesday it filed a lawsuit seeking to block smaller rival Cigna Corp from terminating their proposed US$54 billion deal, which would have created the largest U.S. health insurer by membership.
Cigna said on Tuesday it notified Anthem it had ended the deal and that Anthem was required to pay a US$1.85 billion break-up fee.
Cigna also filed a lawsuit in Delaware, seeking legal sanction for its decision to end the deal and approval for US$13 billion in damages for its shareholders who did not receive the takeover premium.
Aetna Inc and Humana Inc walked away from their US$34 billion merger on Tuesday, weeks after a separate judge blocked their deal on similar grounds, stopping the industry consolidation the health insurers charted to address former President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act.
President Donald Trump and Republicans have vowed to repeal and replace Obamacare, the national healthcare reform law that created new individual insurance and expanded Medicaid.
The insurers had said the combinations would help them grow after the law changed everything from how doctors and hospitals are paid to the benefits insurers must provide.
Anthem in its lawsuit, which was also filed in Delaware, is seeking a temporary restraining order to prevent Cigna from ending the deal, arguing there is still enough time to complete the transaction, which was first announced in July 2015.
"Cigna's lawsuit and purported termination is the next step in Cigna's campaign to sabotage the merger and to try to deflect attention from its repeated willful breaches of the Merger Agreement in support of such effort," Anthem said.
A federal judge last week ruled against Anthem's proposed merger with Cigna, saying the combined company would have worsened an already highly concentrated market. The U.S. Justice Department sued to stop the deal in July 2016.
Anthem said it is pursuing an expedited appeal of the court decision and is committed to complete the merger either through a successful appeal or through a settlement with the new leadership at the Justice Department.
Cigna, which increased its share repurchase program to US$3.7 billion, said it would limit the share repurchase amount to US$250 million per quarter.
"We believe this suggests Cigna was looking to deploy the capital in another way, potentially M&A, but we are hesitant to suggest another public-public merger offer," Piper Jaffray analyst Sarah James said in a client note.
(Reporting by Ankur Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Martina D'Couto)
Drake in black face, photo by David Leyes
Yesterday, in a thunderous counterstrike against Drake's “Duppy Freestyle”, Pusha-T delivered “The Story of Adidon”. In addition to accusing Drake of fathering a secret child with a porn star, the track brought to light a previously unseen photograph of Drake in black face.
Already photographer David Leyes, who took picture, came out and said it was Drake's idea to be in black face. In a new Instagram post, Drake acknowledged as much while insinuating that any outrage was unwarranted, as the photograph was meant to shine a light on systemic racism within the entertainment industry.
Drake said the picture is from 2007, during a time when he was still an actor (not sure why that matters), and came from a project he worked on “that was about young black actors struggling to get roles, being stereotyped and type cast.”
He added, “The photos represented how African Americans were wrongly portrayed in entertainment… This was to highlight and raise our frustrations with not always getting a fair chance in the industry and to make a point that the struggle for black actors had not changed much.”
Just for context, at the time of the photograph Drake had a starring role on the teen sitcom Degrassi, playing the character Jimmy Brooks, a basketball star who became physically disabled from the waist down after he was shot by a classmate. Drake benefited from the exposure of Degrassi as he launched his music career, later leaving the show to pursue the craft on a full-time basis.
The bitter court battle between Fuller House star Jodie Sweetin and her former husband, Morty Coyle, could get uglier since the actress is allegedly refusing to pay up and follow a judge's orders, according to court documents obtained exclusively by RadarOnline.com.
READ THE COURT DOCUMENTS
The exes finalized their divorce in 2016, but they were back in Los Angeles Superior Court last month when a judge order both to submit to hair follicle testing for drug use after Coyle accused Sweetin of being a danger to their 7-year-old daughter, Beatrix.
Sweetin, who has admitted to drinking at 14 and experimenting with cocaine, ecstasy and crystal meth, has a long history of substance abuse and stays in rehab. The actress now claims she's been sober for over six years.
The judge on the case ordered both parties to hash out a confidentiality agreement regarding their test results.
PHOTOS: Jodie Sweetin Shows Off Her New Year's Body After Feud With Jailbird Ex
According to the court notice, filed February 28, Sweetin and Coyle had agreed to get tested for drugs within 12 hours of the request made by either party.
The judge also ordered Sweetin to pay $10,000 of Coyle's fees, but the actress has refused to pay up, claim Coyle's attorney, Dragana Balaban-Scuric.
In a declaration filed on March 15, Balaban-Scuric said Sweetin's attorney, Taylor Wallin, has yet to clarify what the actress intends to do and is “indicating her client's unwillingness to comply with this Court's orders regarding attorney's fees and sanctions issued against her client.”
PHOTOS: Jodie Sweetin Strips Down In Teeny Bikini After ‘Terrifying' Feud With Jailbird Ex
Sweetin first filed for legal separation from her third husband, Coyle, in June 2013, citing “irreconcilable differences.” They currently share custody of their daughter, Beatrix.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.
Internet entrepreneur Kim Dotcom said on Tuesday he has filed an application for former U.S. President Barack Obama to appear in court in relation to a damages claim over his defunct Megaupload streaming website while Obama visits New Zealand this week.
WELLINGTON: Internet entrepreneur Kim Dotcom said on Tuesday he has filed an application for former U.S. President Barack Obama to appear in court in relation to a damages claim over his defunct Megaupload streaming website while Obama visits New Zealand this week.
German-born Dotcom is wanted by U.S. law enforcement authorities on copyright and money-laundering allegations related to Megaupload, which was shut down in 2012 while Obama was president, after an FBI-ordered raid on his Auckland mansion.
He was indicted the same year along with fellow Megaupload executives.
Dotcom, who has described the U.S. prosecution as "politically motivated", and several other New Zealand-based defendants have denied the allegations. They also face potential extradition to the United States, which they have challenged.
"The Obama administration was under pressure from Hollywood to 'get tough' on copyright enforcement or lose Hollywood's support," Dotcom said in a statement.
"We were the perfect target - successful, high profile, and based outside the United States," he said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Obama's media team has yet to reply to an emailed request for comment.
In a separate case, Dotcom filed claims for damages of roughly US$10 billion in December against U.S. and New Zealand authorities "for the destruction of Megaupload" and the constraints on his liberty for more than seven years.
Dotcom said he filed an application in Auckland, New Zealand's largest city, on Monday asking for Obama to give evidence in his damages claim during his visit to New Zealand.
"There is evidence that President Obama (as he then was) knew the real purpose behind the United States prosecution. That, and further evidence of political motivation in the United States and New Zealand, is set out in the affidavit I have filed in the High Court at Auckland," Dotcom said.
The court has yet to respond to the application and its response could come after Obama's departure.
Obama will be in New Zealand from Wednesday to Friday. He has meetings scheduled with Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern and former prime minister John Key before leaving for Sydney.
Dotcom, who has New Zealand residency, became well known as much for his lavish lifestyle as for his computer skills.
Dozens of black-clad police raided Dotcom's mansion in 2012, breaking him out of a safe room and confiscating millions of dollars in cash and property, including a fleet of luxury cars, computers and art work.
(Reporting by Marius Zaharia; Editing by Paul Tait)
ISLAMABAD: A suicide bomber blew himself up outside a government office in Pakistan on Wednesday, killing five people, the army said, the latest attack in a new surge in militant violence.
A faction of the Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack in the town of Ghalanai in the Mohmand Agency, a northwestern region on the border with Afghanistan.
The attack took place outside the office of the political agent, the most senior government officer in the region.
"One suicide bomber blew himself up once spotted and challenged by security agencies," the army said in a statement, adding that guards shot dead a second bomber.
The Jamaat-ur-Ahrar faction of the Pakistani Taliban, which claimed responsibility in a statement emailed to journalists, also claimed an attack in the city of Lahore on Monday in which 13 people, five of them policemen, were killed.
The group said the Lahore attack was the beginning of a new campaign against the government, security forces, the judiciary and secular political parties.
Security in Pakistan has improved in recent years but Islamist groups still pose a threat and have carried out attacks despite an army offensive launched in 2014 to push them out of their northwestern strongholds.
Last year, the same militant faction claimed an Easter Day bombing that killed more than 70 people in a park in Lahore.
(Reporting by Shams Momand; Writing by Mehreen Zahra-Malik; Editing by Robert Birsel)
Getty Images
Seahawks wide receiver Paul Richardson sustained an AC joint sprain in his right shoulder after making a diving catch in Sunday night's preseason opener against the Los Angeles Chargers.
Richardson started for Seattle and caught two passes before his appearance was cut short. On the fifth play of the game for the Seahawks' offense, Richardson beat Chargers cornerback Michael Davis for a 25-yard gain only to land hard on his shoulder. He soon retreated into the locker room and did not return to the game.
“He took off for that ball. It was a great deep ball and he kind of left his feet to go get it and he just landed on his shoulder. He got crunched pretty good,” head coach Pete Carroll said.
“It's an AC sprain and it's going to be a bit. I don't want to throw a number on it but he got hurt.”
Richardson has been unable to avoid injuries in his four seasons with Seattle. A torn ACL in the 2014 playoffs forced him to miss the first half of the 2015 season. In his first game back from the knee injury, Richardson tore his hamstring making a 40-yard catch and missed the rest of the season.
He's appeared in 31 games in his first three seasons with 51 catches for 599 yards and two touchdowns. He had seven catches for 131 yards and a touchdown in two playoff games last year and seemed poised to become a more integral part of Seattle's offense this season. An injured shoulder is the next hurdle he has to overcome to get back on the field.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
CityPlace Doral is the go-to destination for celebrating Valentine's Day, Feb. 14, as it is a one-stop shop for a great night with your significant other – or even your bestie.
As Miami's newest happening lifestyle hub, the property will come alive in the evening with live music on the plaza featuring Latin Jazz, 7:30 – 10:30 p.m., and the debut of new fountain shows including Justin Bieber's “Sorry” and “Where is the Love” by The Black Eyed Peas.
Locals and guests also can enjoy dinner plus a movie, bowling plus dinner, shopping plus dinner, dinner plus dessert, or even a stroll around the plaza to experience the popular fountain shows and dance to the live band on the plaza.
Local specials include:
• Cabo Flats: Valentine's Day dinner special for two for $55 (add two Cabo margaritas, mojitos, a glass of wine, or Prosecco for an extra $10).
• Brimstone Woodfire Grill: Featuring cocktail specials and chocolate covered strawberries; Valentine's featured drink, “Cupid's Kiss,” and specialty menu items.
• CineBistro: A la carte or prix fix menu $85 for two and Martini specials.
• Kings: All-You-Can-Play for $15.99 all day and specialty menu items.
Located at 8300 NW 36 St., CityPlace Doral is a master-planned, mixed-use complex that opened January 2017. Nestled in the dynamic employment center of Doral in the heart of Miami-Dade County, CityPlace features 300,000 sq-ft of retail space, luxury living, and more than 40 dining, shopping, and entertainment destinations for all palettes and walks of life. Visit www.cityplacedoral.com for information.
In an unprecedented show of philanthropy, the Aliko Dangote Foundation on Wednesday in Abuja donated 150 fully kitted operational cars worth several hundreds of Naira to the Nigeria Police Force.
The donation, the Inspector General of Police, Ibrahim Idris, said, was the single largest donation ever by a private sector operator to the Police.
Speaking during the formal handover of the cars at an event attended by the Vice-President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, Ministers, State Governors as well as the entire police hierarchy, the Chairman of the Foundation, Aliko Dangote, explained that the gesture was informed by the fact that security is essential to economic development.”
Depending on how well the vehicles are maintained, Dangote promised that his Foundation may consider donating another batch of vehicles.
Meanwhile, the Federal Government through Osinbajo lauded Dangote Foundation for the rare gesture.
Osinbajo expressed the Federal Government's appreciation to Dangote for his untiring support to the government, adding that the donation of cars patrol cars to the Nigerian Police Force will help the Force in combating crimes across the country.
Osinbajo said Dangote is a rare entrepreneur who has done so much to grow the economy of Nigeria.
He said the Government needs people like him to join hands with it to grow the economy and also provide jobs to the youth.
He said: “There have been a lot of talks on private-public partnership, but as we can see Alhaji Dangote is walking the talk.”
Government's role, according to Osinbajo, is to provide the enabling environment, while the private sector should take advantage of the opportunities that abound in the country to grow and develop the economy.
He said: “The donation of 150 cars to the Nigerian Police Force is laudable and we thank Aliko Dangote Foundation for this rare gesture, that is characteristic of the person of Aliko Dangote.
“He has shown over the years to be an entrepreneur with a difference, a man that gives willingly to the poor.”
Describing the donation as the single largest donation of cars by any private individual in the country, Osinbajo urged other Nigerians to join hands with the Federal Government to effectively secure the country as well as develop the economy.
Idris expressed the appreciation of the Police Force to the Aliko Dangote Foundation, with a promise that the cars will be well utilized for the purpose for which they were donated.
He urged Nigerians to go about their business lawfully, noting that the Police is now well equipped more than ever before to fight crime across the country.
He assured that the Police Force will not disappoint Nigerians in the provision of adequate security across the country.
Dangote in his speech said the donation was aimed at strengthening the Nigeria Police.
He said: “We are gathered here today to mark the formal handover of a total number of 150 GAC saloon cars to the Nigeria Police Force in order to help boost their operational efficiency. I am told that today marks the single biggest number of operational vehicles ever donated to the law enforcement agency by a private organisation.
“Considering the challenges government faces in meeting the entire needs of the populace for necessities like health, education and security, various Public Private Partnerships initiatives have been developed. These are partnerships where the private sector collaborates with the public sector to provide services.”
The Foundation, according to Dangote, has been active in the four areas of Health, Education, Economic Empowerment and Disaster Relief, and had expended upwards of N10 billion annually.
This is in addition to the CSR efforts of our various business units.
While calling on other corporate organizations to rise up to the challenge of helping the security agencies in the country, Dangote stated his Foundation made a N50 million donation to the Lagos State Security Trust Fund and built the Police Intelligence Hostel Complex in Kwara State, all of which are part of the collaborations by the Foundation.
He added: “Today, we are deepening our intervention in security with the donation of these 150 fully kitted operational vehicles to the Police Force. These vehicles will support the Nigeria Police Force in surveillance, crime prevention and promote law and order.”
The Chairman of the CIG Motors Nigeria Limited, Chief Diana Chan, commended the Dangote Foundation for the uncommon gesture to help the security agency and provide it with logistics to aid its operations.
Chan said the number of vehicles donated by the Aliko Dangote Foundation was unprecedented and that it has thrown the challenge to other private sector operators to come to the aid of the security agencies in the country.
Another polarizing player could be on his way out of Montreal.
According to TSN's Bob McKenzie, the Canadiens are “listening” to trade offers for Alex Galchenyuk.
Now, obviously, this doesn't mean that Galchenyuk will be traded. But the fact the Habs are even listening on such a talented player is reminiscent of last summer's situation with P.K. Subban.
Yeah, remember that?
"When teams call about P.K., I listen, but I say no." – Marc Bergevin on the numerous rumours surrounding a trade involving Subban — Canadiens Montréal (@CanadiensMTL) June 23, 2016
In reality, Galchenyuk's situation might be more reminiscent of Tyler Seguin‘s situation in Boston, in that the Bruins weren't convinced Seguin could play center under head coach Claude Julien.
And we all know how that played out.
Not to suggest Seguin's defensive shortcomings were the only reason he was dealt to Dallas, but the notion he wasn't a “200-foot player” certainly did play a role.
Well, Julien is now the Canadiens' head coach, and note what Julien said about Galchenyuk at the end of Montreal's season.
“Ideally, we would love to have him play center,” Julien said. “But I think he realizes the same thing we realize right now. As a centerman, it's one of the toughest jobs there is because you have to be all over the ice, and you've got to be able to skate. As a centerman, you have to be good at both ends of the ice, and you have to be responsible. Right now, he's not at that stage.”
Galchenyuk, 23, is an arbitration-eligible restricted free agent.
Related: Galchenyuk won't say no to one-year deal
Welington Castillo's towering fifth-inning grand slam Wednesday night packed a lot of meaning for a reeling Orioles team that had lost six consecutive games overall, 11 straight on the road and had fallen a game below .500 for the first time since 2015.
The blast, part of a nine-run outburst over three innings that erased a 5-1 deficit, put the Orioles ahead to stay in a rain-delayed 10-6 victory over the Chicago White Sox at Guaranteed Rate Field.
It came on a night when the Orioles finally cashed in on some early-inning chances; when their top starter, Dylan Bundy, overcame a shaky start to pitch deep enough for the win; and when their skid had lasted long enough that they started to wonder if — not when — it would end.
"There was some of that — not, ‘Here we go,' but you think you're having Groundhog Day there for a little while," manager Buck Showalter said. "But guys just refused to give in. It's been a tough stretch for us."
Said Castillo: "We have a great ballclub and we just need to keep doing what we're doing today. Keep swinging the bats and hopefully the pitching stops the other offense. That is going to come. We are not too worried about it. It's a long season and we have a great team. At some point we are going to do what we know to do.”
With the win, the Orioles pulled back to .500 (32-32) and gave themselves a chance to salvage a series split in Chicago with a win in Thursday's matinee.
Castillo capitalizes: Staked to a 5-1 lead thanks to some mistakes by both Bundy and the Orioles defense behind him, Miguel Gonzalez simply gave the Orioles too many chances to break out of their recent inability to put together a big inning.
They loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth inning, and did so again with two outs in the fifth inning. Both times, it was designated hitter Mark Trumbo, first baseman Trey Mancini and second baseman Jonathan Schoop who reached in order.
In the fourth inning, a run came in on a fielder's choice by Castillo, then two more on a two-out single by left fielder Hyun Soo Kim before Castillo was caught in a rundown to end the inning.
An inning later, Castillo came up with three on again and hit his first career grand slam to center field to put the Orioles ahead 8-5, a lead they never relinquished.
"Honestly, I like that situation," Castillo said. "I had that situation earlier. I am that kind of guy that likes that situation because I am not afraid to fail. This game is about making adjustments. I wanted to be the guy and he left me a fastball out over [the plate] and I put a good swing on it.”
Bundy battles: Bundy ended up giving the Orioles a hole to climb out of, just like so many of the team's starting pitchers who preceded him, but was allowed to stay in the game after the White Sox managed five runs off him in the first two innings to give them five innings of work.
Even after a 90-minute rain delay that kept him waiting to get ready, Bundy featured one of his best fastballs of the season. It averaged 93 mph and topped out at 96 mph, but even with that it was a shaky beginning. He settled in, though, to yield just one hit in his final three innings.
The difference, Bundy said, was he spent the first two innings throwing and the last three pitching.
"He's done that before, where you better get him [early]," Showalter said. "Probably his last inning was his best. He never really got in sync with a release point. You could tell he was a little out of sorts a little bit, but that's why you like to see a guy like him. There's a good feeling when he's out there pitching, because they know he's not going to ever give in. They kind of mirror his effort."
Bundy allowed five runs (four earned) on six hits in five innings with three walks and four strikeouts to improve his record to 7-5.
Split start for Schoop: Schoop was involved in everything over the first few innings of the game — and not all of it good.
He was shifted behind second base with a man on first and two outs in the first inning and couldn't chase down a ball deep in the first base hole. Two batters later, the White Sox went up 2-0 with a bases-loaded single by shortstop Tim Anderson.
He doubled home their first run of the game in the second inning, but helped give it back and then some in the home half. After a double to right field by left fielder Melky Cabrera, Schoop caught the relay throw and fired to third base to try and catch the runner on his way back. The ball ended up in the photo well, allowing a run to score on an error, and the White Sox ended that inning with a 5-1 lead.
Showalter said the ball was wet on the throw in the second inning, and Schoop's frustration was more with the first-inning play. But the manager thought the biggest at-bat of the game was in the fifth inning, when Schoop went down 0-2 and worked a two out walk to load the bases and set up Castillo's grand slam.
"That's something we've seen a lot this year that we haven't seen a lot in the past with Jon that makes it seem like he's graduating to another level," Showalter said. "The walks are there, and it's a confidence thing, too, where he doesn't feel like he's got to go out of the zone to do things. Those are disciplined at-bats."
He finished with two hits, a walk and two runs scored.
Big in the middle: Schoop's day was bested only by rookie Mancini, who scored three times while going 3-for-4 with a double.
Trumbo, Mancini and Schoop will likely be entrenched in the 4-5-6 spots in the lineup without first baseman Chris Davis, and if Wednesday is any indication, they feed off one another quite well.
The ruling Social Democrat (PSD) Party withdrew its support for Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu on Wednesday, clearing the way for a new cabinet, shortly after a junior ally pulled its ministers out of the government. Grindeanu, a Social Democrat, has been under pressure to reshuffle his team, with some senior politicians from both the PSD and ALDE accusing his cabinet of poor performance and failing to uphold the governing programme.
BUCHAREST: The ruling Social Democrat (PSD) Party withdrew its support for Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu on Wednesday, clearing the way for a new cabinet, shortly after a junior ally pulled its ministers out of the government. Grindeanu, a Social Democrat, has been under pressure to reshuffle his team, with some senior politicians from both the PSD and ALDE accusing his cabinet of poor performance and failing to uphold the governing programme.
The PSD wound up a week-long performance review of Grindeanu's six-month old cabinet on Wednesday evening. The programme, promising tax cuts and big wage hikes, delivered the party a sweeping election victory and a comfortable parliament majority in December.
"Out of 390 measures in the governing programme, some 260 have not yet been implemented," ALDE leader Calin Tariceanu told reporters after a meeting of party officials. "We're not talking here only about quantity, but of quality of the governing act."
Tariceanu said the partnership with the PSD was still valid, but the current team of ministers had failed to make genuine reforms of the education and health systems, to create a national sovereign fund as pledged, or to issue treasury bills for individuals.
Grindeanu has said he has no reason to resign. If he refuses to do so, the ruling coalition must file a vote of no-confidence against him in parliament and nominate a new premier.
Advertisement
Advertisement
If the government resigns there would be more delays in policymaking in the European Union's second-poorest state, which has massive healthcare and transport infrastructure needs.
Under Romanian law, the president must appoint a premier after consultations with political parties. The designated premier then needs to secure a vote of confidence from parliament, where PSD and ALDE control a comfortable majority.
Sergiu Miscoiu, a political science professor at Babes-Bolyai University, said there would be "no gain here for the Social Democrats - the party will see a huge loss of image, or what was left of it.
"The PSD's great advantage was unity and its capacity to mobilise, vertical decisions and discipline. These myths are gone now. To the extent that Grindeanu will resign, he will throw the ball into President Iohannis's court, who could appoint a technocrat," Miscoiu said.
Analysts have said the PSD's programme is based on an overly optimistic estimate of economic growth and could push the country's fiscal deficit above the EU's threshold with double-digit public-sector wage hikes and tax cuts.
Romania was the EU's fastest-growing economy in the first quarter, expanding by 5.7 percent, and its budget ran a small surplus at the end of April.
The legacy of Grindeanu's government also includes a failed attempt at the start of the year to decriminalise several corruption offences, a move foiled by the largest street protests in Romania since the 1989 fall of its communist regime.
(Writing by Radu Marinas; Editing by Mark Heinrich)
Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu, has said there was no going back in the fight against corruption in the country.
Speaking during a press briefing on the outcome of the just-concluded 30th Ordinary Summit of the African Union (AU) in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, Magu further said the war against corruption in the country will be fought like it has never been fought before.
He said whoever saw what happened during the summit in Addis Ababa where President Muhammadu Buhari led the AU's theme for the year 2018: “Winning the Fight Against Corruption: A Sustainable Path to Africa's Transformation,” the person would be proud to be a Nigerian.
Magu said: “I am delighted, we are all delighted. Anybody who has seen what happened in Addis Ababa, will certainly be proud of yourself as a Nigerian.
“We are not hiding. We are passionate about fighting corruption. We are unrelenting in the face of all manners of adversity. There is no doubt about that and now, the whole of Africa is united in the fight against corruption.
“I think we are very lucky. We will take advantage of that and we will make sure something is really achieved.”
On the fight against corruption on the African continent, Magu told newsmen that a few modalities have been listed, saying that the response of the AU is being awaited to finalise a programme on implementation.
Magu further spoke on the anti-corruption fight in the country, saying that the war will be carried out like it has never been fought before.
Hear Magu: “Of course, yes, we are going to fight like it has never been fought before. I think you are seeing what we are doing. We are even encouraged by the fact that the judiciary in Lagos has created special court and that is a plus,” Magu declared.
Speaking earlier, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama, said President Buhari had during the AU session, spoke about the effects and consequences of corruption that had rendered African countries perpetual poverty.
Onyeama also said President Buhari further spoke on all the other ramifications such as human trafficking and irregular migration, that all stem from corruption, including conflicts on the continent.
According to Onyeama, “A roadmap is being elaborated of activities that would be undertaken throughout the year with, of course, Mr President being at the heart of all that.
“So, every single African country will be part of this programme and it is really believed that this can and should be a game changer.
“And what was interested was that one of the presidents, during the summit, President Museveni of Uganda, recalled a statement made by a British Prime Minister in 1961, Harold Macmillan, ‘The Wind of Change,' that there was a wind of change blowing across Africa in 1961 and that he feels the same way today, that there is a wind of change blowing across the continent.
“I think it is important to have seen that Mr President, Nigeria, is really driving that and at the forefront of that,” Onyeama said.
Onyeama further said that the takeaway from the President's performance during the summit was that Nigeria was back very strongly at the head and of the leadership of the African continent.
Speaking on the launch of the Single African Air Transport Market during the session, the Minister of State, Aviation, Hadi Sirika, said the quest to become one family in Africa and in view of the African Agenda 2063, some African Ministers in 1999, thought and considered the necessity of a liberalised single aviation market within Africa.
“Of course, mindful of the fact that African continent is large enough and opportune, deals and businesses and population and even shares geographical size, is enough to create a vibrant market to serve our people,” Sirika said.
CHART star Jonas Blue believes he should be a new judge on The X Factor to make the show relevant.
The DJ, currently heading back to the Top 10 with Rise, is a huge fan of Simon Cowell's show. His appeal comes as veteran pop star Robbie Williams, below, is being touted to appear on the new panel. Jonas, real name Guy Robin, is one of the most in-demand producers and thinks the show needs a modern star to bring some credibility to the panel. He said: “I'd love to get involved. I think it's a great show. “I watch it but I feel as though it does need a current judge on it. “Someone who is in the music business right now at the height of their career. I think that's important.
GETTY X-PERIENCE: Jonas Blue wants to be an X Factor judge
“It would be nice to make a few quid from the winner's single!” Jonas Blue “It's those types of artists who can give the best advice.” If rumours are true Robbie and his wife Ayda Field will be part of a new panel that looks more like Loose Women than a pop show. Jonas already has links with Simon's Syco label and is masterminding former X Factor act Four Of Diamonds' assault on the charts. He thinks he's got what it takes to give The X Factor contestants genuine hits: “I think I can pass on what I know about making current hits to the acts and to Mr Cowell. “And it would be nice to make a few quid from the winner's single!” He can't do worse than Ben Haenow... ----------
I ❤️ NY A post shared by Kylie Minogue (@kylieminogue) on Jul 2, 2018 at 4:55pm PDT
Kylie highly delighted KYLIE Minogue put her hand on her heart and made her latest relationship official. Fans got the first peek of Paul Solomons at her 50th birthday bash last month. But now Kylie, who split from fiancé Joshua Sasse last year, shared a picture embracing the GQ creative director with the caption: “I [heart] NY.” Let's hope the Aussie singer's lucky, lucky, lucky in love this time.
Dua Lipa's hottest pictures Dua Lipa the hot songstress' pictures. 1 / 26
A rest is over-Dua THE end is near for Dua Lipa's mammoth world tour. The IDGAF hitmaker completed the US leg of her schedule and is on her way back home. Dua will return to Europe for shows in Scotland, Norway and France before performing at Reading & Leeds festival next month. She's expected to get straight back in the studio to work on her second LP. Hopefully, she'll have Christmas off at least. ----------
GETTY BABY: Justin Bieber has been spotted out with Hailey Baldwin
IS Justin Bieber officially Hailey Baldwin's boyfriend? It looks like JB may have popped the question and made things official, as the model stared lovingly into his eyes following a public smooch. After spending the week in Los Angeles, they headed to New York for July 4 celebrations. Meanwhile, JB has asked Portugal. The Man to write for his new album, as he's too busy playing kiss chase! ----------
GETTY STRUT: Adam Lambert played London with Queen
Doing the Lambert walk... DON'T stop Adam Lambert now. The star went Radio Ga Ga almost doing a Cockney walk as he kicked off another UK tour with Queen in London. With Pride culminating this Saturday, Lambert is glad being gay is no longer a novelty. He shared: “Now I think we understand the nuances and the depth of being a queer person.” Queen are also set for a Las Vegas residency in September. ----------
A post shared by Beyoncé (@beyonce) on Jul 2, 2018 at 3:57pm PDT
IT looks like Beyoncé and Jay-Z are on their yearly Mediterranean cruise. With a three-day break from their On The Run II world tour, The Carters appear to have headed back to Greece. Recovering from her on-stage mishap, Bey posted some rare family snaps alongside Jay-Z and daughter Blue Ivy. The delightful trio look like your regular, run-of-the-mill family. ----------
JOHN HOOPER WANTED: Max George is releasing a new album
Max Eds in a new direction FOUR years after The Wanted split Max George has launched his solo career. Max has teamed up with Ed Sheeran's pal and BRIT Award winner producer Steve Mac for summer hit Barcelona, out now. The singer admitted he's liked experimenting on his solo sound. Max said: “It's not a million miles away from what I've done before, but it's fresher and sharper, sometimes more stripped back.” ----------
GETTY BANNED: Tom Daley's hubby Dustin Lance Black is banned from Russia
: From recent attacks on Dalits for donning upper caste-like mustache to Una Dalit floggings, cases of atrocities against Dalits in Gujarat have made it to headlines times and again. Last month, BJP chief Amit Shah said Gujarat was among the states which witnessed least atrocities against Dalits. But government records show a different picture.Gujarat's crime rate — case registered per 100,000 population — against Scheduled Castes was fifth highest among 26 states and Union Territories that registered such atrocities. Madhya Pradesh topped the list at 45.1%.The crime rate for atrocities against scheduled castes (SCs) in Gujarat was 32.5% in 2016, above the national average of 20.4%, according to government data.Additionally, the state's conviction rate for atrocities against SCs was 4.7% in 2016, substantially below the national average of 27.3% and 60% in Uttar Pradesh, the state that reported most atrocities against SCs.Earlier this month, a Dalit man was allegedly lynched by members of upper caste Patel community for watching people do the garba, the traditional Gujarati dance.In another incident, a Dalit man was beaten up in Gandhinagar district by Rajputs for sporting a moustache. The response to the violence was palpable on social media, with people posting selfies on Twitter and Facebook, showing off their moustache. Post that, Dalit leader Jagdish Mewani was detained outside the Gujarat Secretariat during a protest march.As many as 1,321 atrocities against Dalits were reported in Gujarat in 2016, according to a submission in the Rajya Sabha on July 26 2017.Atrocities reported against SCs in Gujarat saw a rise to the tune of 31% — from 1,009 cases in 2015 to 1,321 in 2016.As far as national data was concerned, atrocities reported against SCs across the country increased 6% — from 38,564 in 2015 to 41,014 in 2016.In terms of number of cases, Uttar Pradesh topped the list with 10,457 cases, followed by Bihar (5,701), Rajasthan (5,134), Madhya Pradesh (5,123) and Andhra Pradesh (2,343).
WELD COUNTY, Colo. —– A cat in rural northwest Weld County has tested positive for plague. The cat became sick in early June, is getting treatment and is expected to recover. A person who cares for the cat is also getting preventative antibiotics. "The presence of plague reminds residents to keep fleas off pets and use appropriate flea control products" said Mark E. Wallace, MD, MPH, executive director of the Weld County Health Department. "It's good practice to use an insect repellant if you will be working, playing or camping in areas where fleas may be present."
People most commonly contract plague from the bite of an infected flea, but may also get the disease from direct contact with an infected animal. Plague is rare, but is present in wildlife such as rodents and rabbits in Colorado and other western states. People often notice dead animals in areas with plague.
Symptoms of plague include sudden onset of fever, headache, chills, weakness, nausea, vomiting and diarrhea. A person may get swollen, painful lymph nodes (called buboes) near the flea bite. Plague is easily treatable with common antibiotics. The earlier a person seeks medical care and receives treatment, the better the chances for a full recovery. If plague goes untreated, severe disease and even death may occur.
To prevent plague and other animal borne diseases:
· Avoid flea bites — stay away from rodents and consider wearing repellent when you are in areas where rodents are present
· Keep fleas off your pets by applying flea control products
· Do not allow cats or dogs that roam and hunt to sleep in your bed as they can carry fleas
· Reduce rodent habitat around your home; remove brush, trim vegetation, and keep the area clear of clutter
· Do not feed or handle wildlife, and if you must dispose of a carcass wear gloves or use a shovel
For questions related to plague or other diseases carried by animals, contact the Environmental Health Division at the Weld County Health Department, (970) 304-6415.
A water main break is affecting drivers near 11th and Garnett in Tulsa.
Eastbound 11th Street is closed right now at Highway 169 because of the water main break.
Crews were able to shut off the water but police officers have the road blocked as the street has buckled.
SINGAPORE: The Urban Redevelopment Authority (URA) and Housing & Development Board (HDB) have released three sites at Dairy Farm Road, Sims Drive and Tampines Avenue 10 for sale.
The URA site at Dairy Farm Road is for residential development and commercial use at the first storey, authorities said in a press release on Thursday (May 31). The site at Sims Drive is for residential purposes and the site at Tampines Avenue 10 is slated for an HDB executive condominium.
Advertisement
All three sites have a lease of 99 years and can yield an estimated 1,880 residential units, with about 500 housing units at Dairy Farm Road, 680 at Sims Drive and up to 700 at Tampines Avenue 10.
The Dairy Farm Road land parcel, opposite the Dairy Farm Nature Park, is more than 19,000 sq m in size and has a permissible gross floor area (GFA) of about 41,000 sq m.
The Sims Drive site, which is near the Sims Vista market and hawker centre, measures about 16,000sq m and has an estimated GFA of about 48,000 sq m.
The Tampines EC site is located near an international school, as well as other HDB blocks and condominiums. The site area is about 25,000 sq m and it has a maximum GFA of close to 70,000 sq m.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The tender for the site at Dairy Farm Road will close at noon on Sep 4. Applications for the other two sites are available under HDB's reserve list.
Location plan for land parcel at Dairy Farm Road. (Image: Housing and Development Board)
Location plan for land parcel at Sims Drive. (Image: Housing and Development Board)
Janet Yellen Helped Steer An Economy In Crisis To Stability Yellen ends her term Saturday as the first woman to chair the Federal Reserve. NPR's Michel Martin talks with Financial Times editor Rana Foroohar about her career and what lies ahead.
Tulsa police safely located a missing 17-year-old girl with autism Wednesday night.
Police said Jadon Marie Black was missing from the 7900 block of South Sheridan and was last seen around 7:00 p.m.
Police said just after 9:00 p.m., Black was located at Union High School.
She was found safely and taken to her family.
Getty Images
Adrian Peterson is back in Minnesota to check out the Super Bowl, and he thinks he'll have a few more years of trying to get on the field in a Super Bowl.
Peterson told Chris Tomasson of the St. Paul Pioneer Press that he plans to play four or five more years.
“At the end of the day, I know I can play,” he said. “I would want to play maybe four more years, four to five more years.''
Peterson is aware of the report that the Cardinals plan to cut him, but he says he's not sure if that's the case.
“I haven't heard anything from the horse's mouth but I heard the report as well,” he said.. “But it's just a report for now. If it's [true] it was a great run for me and a great opportunity and it will be on to the next, but hopefully that's not the case.”
Forget about four or five more years, Peterson might not play again at all, if the Cardinals do in fact cut him. Playing running back in the NFL is a young man's game. But Peterson isn't ready to concede to Father Time.
The National Union of Local Government Employees NULGE, and other stakeholders in the local government administration on Monday said there will be no general elections in the country,if the long agitated local government autonomy was not granted.
Rising from its one-day emergency meeting in Akure, the Ondo state capital,the tripartite of NULGE, Civil Society Organisation, (CSO) and Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO) from the Southwest States urged the remaining State Assemblies yet to pass the two bills on local government autonomy to do so without delay.
According to NULGE National President, Ibraheem Khaleelim, “as major stakeholders especially on the two bills for local government autonomy,we will continue our agitations until we are successful”
“Democracy is about participation and dialogue is key in any public discourse,that is why we embarked on this forum”.
The NULGE President maintained that no governor could exist without the mandate of the people, stressing that they would go back home to sensitise the people on the need for the governor, who still need their votes to remain in office.
A leader of the Civil Society Organisation (CSO), Akomolafe Pius, said the third-tier administration must be in place as a government closer to the people.
He urged the State Assemblies and other relevant bodies against playing politics with the two sensitive bills, noting that it was long overdue.
Also, the National Coordinator, Committee for Democracy and Rights of the People (CDRP), Comrade Amittolu Shittu, said the forces against the autonomy would be resisted.
He declared that both the National Assembly and Federal Ministry of Finance would be picketed by the stakeholders, stressing that democracy would derail,if local government is killed.
NULGE President in Ondo state, Dr. Bunmi Eniayewu stressed that they would re-double their efforts and ensures that the two bills were passed in the state.
According to him “We have sensitized the people and as soon as the public hearing is concluded, the state assembly will ratify the two bills.
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Chongqing Fuling Zhacai Group Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT PLANS ASSET ACQUISITION, SHARE TRADE REMAINS SUSPENDED Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2AKNqwz Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Jeanette Magee, 84
jeanette magee
Jeanette Magee, 84, of Nelson, passed away Monday, May 28, 2018, at Crouse Hospital in Syracuse. Jeanette was born March 26, 1934, the daughter of the late Daniel and Wanda Nichols and was a life resident of the Cazenovia area. She was a secretary at National Grange Insurance in Syracuse for 15 years and later owned a dress shop in the village of Cazenovia. Jeanette was a communicant of St. James Church in Cazenovia.
She was a past town of Nelson Senior of the Year recipient, was a member of the Nelson Rural Cemetery board, and was a volunteer for the Madison County Office of the Aging and the Cazenovia Library.
Besides her parents she was predeceased by her daughter, Ruth Ann Schultz.
Surviving are her husband of 52 years, Assemblyman William “Bill” Magee, her cousin Freida Milazzo of North Syracuse, her nieces Frances Blazer (Mike Collins) of Clinton and Robin Blazer-Commins (David Commins) of Munnsville, and great-nephew and neice, William and Emma Blazer.
The family would like to thank Ann Greenwood for the care she provided Jeanette. A mass of Christian burial will be celebrated at 11 a.m. Monday, June 4, 2018, at St. James Roman Catholic Church, 6 Green St. Cazenovia. The rite of committal will follow in Nelson Rural Cemetery. Calling hours will be 2-6 p.m. Sunday, June 3, 2018, at St. James Church. In lieu of flowers contributions in her memory may be made to Wanderers Rest, Sutherland Dr. Canastota, NY 13032. Arrangements were by Ayer & Ziimmer Funeral Home, Cazenovia; 315-655-8101.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Related
Comment on this Story
SINGAPORE: Singapore retained its top position as the city with the highest quality of living in Asia for expatriates according to an annual Mercer index that was released on Tuesday (Mar 20).
Globally, Singapore ranked 25th, after cities like Vienna - that topped the list for the ninth year running - and Amsterdam, which was ranked 12th in the Mercer Quality of Living survey.
The findings are based on individual reports from each city that were largely analysed between September and November last year. The index is normally used to enable multinational companies and other organisations to compensate employees fairly when placing them on international assignments.
“An increasingly diverse workforce is both more mobile and digital with highly diverging requirements and aspirations in terms of career, lifestyle and ultimately where and how they want to work.
"Companies need to consider these factors in their value proposition to both their local and their expatriate employees," said senior partner and president of Mercer's career business, Ilya Bonic.
Singapore's quality of living and infrastructure have consistently outperformed the other cities in Asia, even though the index shows that other Asian cities have seen an "exponential increase in living standards" due to a "rapidly expanding middle class and more affluent populations".
Advertisement
Advertisement
Other Asian cities like Tokyo and Kobe tied at the 50th spot, and Shanghai came in at the 103rd spot. Singapore ranked higher than Hong Kong (71st), Seoul (79th) and Taipei (84th).
Shanghai had the highest increase in quality of living and its standard grew by 15.7 per cent. New Delhi and Guangzhou also showed significant increases at 13.8 per cent and 11.4 per cent respectively.
In Southeast Asia, Kuala Lumpur was ranked 85th, Bangkok was in the 132nd spot and Jakarta ranked 142nd.
Dubai ranked the highest for quality of living across the Middle East and Africa, while Vancouver took the top spot among the Americas.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
The top five cities on Mercer's index are Vienna, Zurich, Auckland, Munich and Vancouver.
In a separate index by Mercer, cities' sanitation was also analysed as they are deemed to be "important aspects of a city's attractiveness for both talent and businesses", according to Mercer.
Honolulu topped the sanitation index globally and Singapore ranked 57th. Regionally in Asia, Singapore came in fourth place for sanitation after Japanese cities Kobe, Yokohama, Nagoya, Osaka and Tokyo.
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to email (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
NHL commissioner Gary Bettman is skeptical that a newly renovated Nassau Coliseum could make a suitable home for the New York Islanders.
“It would make it the smallest building in the league,” Bettman told Fox 5 Sports Extra on Sunday, per Long Island Business News. “I'm not sure that works.”
It was reported last week that Brooklyn Sports & Entertainment, the company that runs both Barclays Center and Nassau Coliseum, was planning to pitch the Isles on a return to their old home.
But it's also been reported that the Isles are focused on a site at Belmont Park in Elmont, where a new arena would be built.
There are only 13,900 fixed seats at the renovated Coliseum.
Related: Bettman says Isles owners will explore their options re: new arena
Hackers have released more unaired episodes of popular HBO shows but the latest leak did not include anything on the hit series "Game of Thrones," the Associated Press reported on Sunday.
REUTERS: Hackers have released more unaired episodes of popular HBO shows but the latest leak did not include anything on the hit series "Game of Thrones," the Associated Press reported on Sunday.
The hackers, who broke into HBO's computer network and have released stolen information for several weeks, provided more unaired episodes, including the popular show "Curb Your Enthusiasm, " which returns in October.
They also leaked episodes of "Insecure," "Ballers" and "The Deuce," according to the Associated Press.
Time Warner Inc's HBO said Sunday in an emailed statement that it was "not in communication with the hacker, and we're not going to comment every time a new piece of information is released."
"It has been widely reported that there was a cyber incident at HBO," it said. "The hacker may continue to drop bits and pieces of stolen information in an attempt to generate media attention. That's a game we're not going to participate in."
HBO acknowledged the hack earlier this summer. It said the thieves had been leaking stolen materials and asking for a multi-million-dollar ransom.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The hack came at a sensitive time for HBO parent Time Warner as it awaits regulatory approval to sell itself to AT&T Inc in a US$85.4 billion deal announced in October.
(Reporting By Jilian Mincer; Editing by Andrew Hay)
BERLIN: Germany is planning a new law giving authorities the right to look at private messages and fingerprint children as young as 6, the interior minister said on Wednesday after the last government gathering before a national election in September.
Ministers from central government and federal states said encrypted messaging services, such as WhatsApp and Signal, allow militants and criminals to evade traditional surveillance.
"We can't allow there to be areas that are practically outside the law," interior minister Thomas de Maiziere told reporters in the eastern town of Dresden.
Militant attacks in France, Britain and Germany have prompted European governments to tighten up on surveillance of suspected militants. Britain has proposed forcing messaging services to let authorities access encrypted communications.
Among the options Germany is considering is "source telecom surveillance", where authorities install software on phones to relay messages before they are encrypted. That is now illegal.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Austria is also planning laws to make it easier to monitor encrypted messages as well as building out a linked network of cameras and other equipment to read vehicle licence plates.
Last December's lorry attack on a Berlin Christmas market, in which 12 were killed and Germany's struggle to integrate thousands of refugees, have put security high up the political agenda before an election in which German Chancellor Angela Merkel is seeking a fourth term in office.
Ministers also agreed to lower the age limit for fingerprinting minors to 6 from 14 for asylum seekers.
Bavarian interior minister Joachim Herrmann, a Merkel ally whose south-eastern state is the entry point for many refugees fleeing war in the Middle East, said on June 3 he wanted security services to be allowed to monitor children.
That proposal encountered strong opposition in Germany, where the memories of spying in the Communist and Nazi run deep.
"Children are victims of extremism," said Social Democrat family affairs minister Katharina Barley, who said authorities should be protecting children not spying on their friends.
Ministers also agreed to improve communication between the many different regional and national police and investigation agencies in the highly decentralised country.
(Reporting by Thomas Escritt; Editing by Louise Ireland)
When Newnew Norton decided to set up a shop in an airport terminal, she knew to expect long hours, tight security and unpredictable shopping patterns.
Still, she jumped at a chance to join an entrepreneurial program at Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport. From a kiosk in the Southwest Airlines terminal, Norton sells loose and bagged teas infused with lavender, mint, jasmine, cardamom and other herbs she and her fiance grow on a Marriottsville farm. She's promoting her teas as a healthy alternative with medicinal benefits.
“There's no other place I would be able to attract this many people at one time,” said Norton, a 27-year-old Gwynn Oak resident who owns New Secrets Tea. “It's a lot of visibility.”
Norton's shop is one of four micro-businesses in a pilot program that the airport and Fraport USA, the manager of the facility's retail concessions, launched this year to help local entrepreneurs jump-start businesses and grow into permanent retailers at the airport.
“What we hope to do is take these smallest of the small businesses in the area, grow their presence here so they graduate from cart to kiosk to larger store, and then on to other properties in other airports,” said Brett Kelly, vice president of Airmall Maryland, a subsidiary of Fraport that operates BWI retail.
By removing barriers that come with airport retail, the program offers micro-businesses a greater chance of survival, said Ricky Smith, the airport's executive director.
“These are very small businesses that otherwise would not have the capacity or experience or financial wherewithal to compete in an environment as complex as an airport,” Smith said. “We see this as a good economic development opportunity.”
Fraport purchased and designed the retail kiosks for the businesses, which also receive advice on pricing, inventory management and staffing from experts at Morgan State University's Economic Development Center. That kind of help is designed to substantially reduce startup costs, which can be more than $1 million to open and equip a traditional store at the airport, Smith said.
Learn about the local trail-blazers who started their own companies. (By Kim Walker) (By Kim Walker)
In addition to New Secrets Tea, LaunchPad retailers include Flawless Damsels Boutique, which sells apparel and accessories; Roshe Cosmetica & B.E..A.T. School of Makeup Artistry, which offers professional makeup and lash applications; and Fashion Spa House, which offers lash and brow services and sells clothing, accessories and vegan skincare products.
Dozens of business owners competed to join the inaugural group of LaunchPad retailers. Fraport, which leases space from the airport and then leases that space to vendors, began recruiting businesses at the end of last year and had to whittle a field of 75 businesses down to just four. The vendors signed one-year leases that Airmall will renew as long as the retailers meet certain operating requirements, such as maintaining airport retail hours of 4 a.m. to 11 p.m.
Cynthia Rumph sees the airport as an ideal place to get feedback from a diverse audience and iron out the wrinkles in Fashion Spa House, which she owns with her husband, Ketorus Gooding.
Now at nine employees, the business sells online, at farmers markets and from a Harford Road shop. Rumph hopes to go into franchising to expand Fashion Spa House to airports around the country.
The airport operation is providing valuable lessons, she said.
“It's a good way to see what's working or not, “ said Rumph, a 43-year-old Parkville resident and former nurse. “It's taught us to manage inventory way better and to close the sale fast. This is a time-sensitive environment, and they're in a hurry. The inventory has to stay extremely organized, and the checkout time has to be in under a minute.”
She has learned to allow for extra time to have inventory delivered, because all merchandise has to be scanned through security. And she depends more than ever on her staff.
“As a retailer, I am used to setting my own hours and having holidays off or closing early,” she said. “That's not an option here. You have to be open when the airport is open.”
In an airport setting, where travelers often are rushed and under stress, businesses that “make people feel better,” may have a better chance at success, said Hung-bin Ding, an associate professor of entrepreneurship at Loyola University Maryland.
Norton said she believes her herbal tea business will appeal to travelers. She began experimenting with drying and mixing herbs for tea while being treated for cervical cancer in 2008. She is now cancer-free.
“I want to help women become healthier, because that's what I went though,” said Norton, who studied to become an herbalist.
Exposure at the airport, she hopes, will help boost her brand. Though she hasn't turned a profit, she feels a sense of accomplishment in learning how to keep track of inventory, retain employees and manage staffing for the extended hours. She believes she is on track to move to a more permanent space.
“It has taught me a lot,” she said. “If I can conquer and last this entire year, I can do anything.”
lorraine.mirabella@baltsun.com
twitter.com/lmirabella
Say this about Marc Bergevin: By ripping the guts out of his Montreal Canadiens, he's showing plenty of them himself.
But does being bold — at least in the past year — necessarily equate to making the smartest moves?
We're about to find out.
Consider this.
In less than eight months, Bergevin has made two huge moves.
First, he traded away P.K. Subban, a former Norris Trophy winner who was embraced by the community for, among other things, pledging to donate $10 million to the Montreal Childrens Hospital.
Then on Tuesday he fired coach Michel Therrien, who is said to have supported the Subban deal in order to change the culture inside the Habs dressing room, and replaced him with former Boston Bruins coach Claude Julien who, like Therrien, will be behind the Montreal bench for a second stint.
These are the type of storylines you'd expect to find in the pages of a Hollywood script. Instead, they are being authored out of the Montreal office of a general manager who now has the spotlight squarely on his shoulders.
No longer can Subban's huge personality be blamed for the Habs' shortcomings. Nor can disgruntled fans point to Therrien's conservative ways as the reason for the team not reaching its potential.
This is now on Bergevin.
Sink or swim. No more excuses.
Admittedly, the savvy Bergevin could not have predicted that all-world goalie Carey Price would be mired in a slump, one that is reflected in a Canadiens swoon that has seen them lose six of their past seven games.
Nevertheless, when you pull the trigger on the type of franchise-altering decisions that significantly move the seismic needle of the NHL landscape such as these two have, the statement you are making is clear: The window to win is now.
As such, Bergevin becomes the man on the hottest seat in all of La Belle Province, even with his team still on top of the Atlantic Division with 70 points. And, apparently, he knows it.
To that end, within a couple of hours of the Habs announcing the hiring of Julien, a number of NHL executives told Postmedia that they expect Bergevin to be quite active in the two weeks leading up to the March 1 trade deadline. Much of the speculation revolves around forwards Matt Duchene of the Colorado Avalanche and Martin Hanzal of the Arizona Coyotes, although the asking price for both is said to be quite steep.
How the final two months of the season play out — and what moves, if any, the Habs GM makes to augment his roster — could very well dictate what Bergevin's future holds with the Canadiens.
Of course, the players need to absorb part of the blame here, too.
During the summer of 2016, there were rumblings out of Montreal that the team's leadership core was growing tired of Subban's flamboyant ways and welcomed the leadership that Shea Weber was bringing from Nashville.
Then, on Tuesday, came speculation out of Habs Land that that same group of players perhaps had grown weary of Therrien's tactics and thirsted for change.
Are we to believe that Subban and Therrien were the sole reasons for the Canadiens underachieving? Of course not.
That leaves the question to be asked: Are the inmates running the asylum here?
And, to that end, at what point do the guys lacing up the blades become accountable?
Whether you agree with Bergevin's moves or not, he hasn't been shy in making waves. If they don't work, Bergevin might be the one waving goodbye.
Having said that, the fact that the Bruins dismissed Julien just eight days earlier likely accelerated Therrien's departure. The chance to scoop up a Stanley Cup-winning coach like Julien, who is familiar with the rigours of coaching the Canadiens, probably was too delicious an opportunity to ignore.
“Claude Julien is an experienced and well respected coach with a good knowledge of the Montreal market,” Bergevin said in a released statement. “Claude has been very successful as an NHL coach and he won the Stanley Cup. Today we hired the best available coach, and one of the league's best. I am convinced that he has the capabilities to get our team back on the winning track.”
Perhaps the most headscratching aspect of this coaching move involves the Bruins.
When Boston defeated the Canadiens 4-0 on Sunday, it marked Therrien's final game behind the Canadiens bench. In the wake of the loss, the Habs asked permission from the Bruins to talk to Julien.
Why would the Bruins even consider doing that?
Why, oh why, would you grant your most bitter historical rivals — the Canadiens — the opportunity to scoop up one of the most respected bench bosses in the game, a proud man who will want to crush you for firing him just one week earlier?
Sure, Bruins president Cam Neely hasn't seen eye to eye with Julien in the past dating back to 2010 when then-GM Peter Chiarelli refused the suggestion of upper management to fire the coach. Even so, allowing Julien, a man who certainly has an axe to grind with the Boston hierarchy, to go to your biggest enemy is a questionable decision.
Back in 2003, the Habs fired Therrien and replaced him with Julien. On Tuesday, history repeated itself.
“I came to the conclusion that our team needed a new energy, a new voice, a new direction,” Bergevin said.
If Bergevin's decisions don't work out, ownership one day might be seeking a “new direction” — one that doesn't include him.
TEAMS TREADING WATER IN ATLANTIC DIVISION
Just how much is the NHL's Atlantic Division in turmoil?
When the Maple Leafs are considered one of the more stable outfits in the division, you know chaos reigns supreme.
Here's a quick breakdown:
* With the Montreal Canadiens having axed Michel Therrien Tuesday and replaced him with Claude Julien, half the teams in the Atlantic have fired coaches in the past 10 months, including the Habs (Therrien), Boston Bruins (Julien), Florida Panthers (Gerard Gallant) and Ottawa Senators (Dave Cameron). Tampa Bay is the only Atlantic Division team among the eight not to have made a coaching change in the past two years.
* The struggling Detroit Red Wings are in danger of having their remarkable run of 25 consecutive playoff appearances come to an end, not to mention having their beloved owner, Mike Ilitch, pass away last week.
* Among the pre-season favourites to win the Stanley Cup, the Lightning lost Steven Stamkos early in the season with a knee injury and started play Tuesday four points out of a wildcard spot.
* There are rumblings among disgruntled Sabres fans that Buffalo's rebuild is going slower than expected.
Other than that ...
mzeisberger@postmedia.com
twitter.com/zeisberger
BEIJING: China's Internet giant Baidu announced Wednesday (Jul 4) it had begun mass producing the country's first autonomous mini-bus, as the firm prepares to roll them out in tourist spots and airports.
CEO Robin Li watched the 100th vehicle roll off a production line of a factory in the southeastern city of Xiamen.
Advertisement
"2018 marks the first year of commercialisation for autonomous driving. From the mass production of Apolong, we can truly see that autonomous driving is making great strides - taking the industry from zero to one," said the CEO.
The 14-seater Apolong, about one-third of the size of a normal bus, has no steering wheel, driver's seat, accelerator or brake.
Co-produced by Baidu and Chinese bus manufacturer King Long, they will soon be pressed into commercial use in enclosed areas such as tourist areas and airports in several cities including Beijing, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, and the country's new megacity Xiong'an.
Early next year, they are set to enter Japan's self-driving market as shuttle buses at nuclear power stations or in Tokyo to ferry around elderly people in local communities.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The vehicles have the "fourth level" of automation as defined by the Society of Automotive Engineers, meaning they can operation within an enclosed location without human intervention.
This is one short of the highest level, where vehicles can operate anywhere on the road.
"I took a self-driving car to come to the developer conference last year, and ended up getting a ticket at (Beijing's) fifth ring road," Li quipped.
Baidu, often referred to as China's Google, operates the country's leading search engine and also invests heavily in services ranging from online payments to connected devices and artificial intelligence.
"In the past, China exported cheap commodities to the world. In the future, China will export AI technology to the world," Li said at the firm's annual AI developer conference.
He also announced a new AI chip called Kunlun at the conference, which can support a wide range of AI applications including voice recognition, natural language processing and autonomous driving.
Photo: Shreveport Police Department (via AP Photo)
The wheels of justice turn ever so slowly when you are a black man caught up in a system that was designed to hold you down. It's even worse when those who work within that system intentionally do their best to keep you there. Such is the story of Corey Williams of Shreveport, Louisiana.
Williams is impaired from severe lead-poisoning and intellectually disabled. According to the Equal Justice Initiative, he was known as a “chump” who would unwittingly take the blame for things he had not done. Three weeks after his 16th birthday in 1998, he was arrested for the robbery and murder of a pizza delivery man.
Although the police were well aware of his intellectual disability, the ignored it and questioned him all night until he confessed to the murder. He then told them, “I'm tired. I'm ready to go home and lay down.”
His case was further complicated by the dishonesty of then-Caddo Parish District Attorney Hugo Holland. Holland, and his successor Dale Cox, are responsible for 75 percent of all the death sentences imposed in Louisiana between 2010 and 2015.
Although there was no physical evidence to link Williams to the crime, Holland aggressively sought the death penalty in his case. This was despite the fact that all evidence pointed to three men who were actually seen robbing the victim after he was shot.
Advertisement
Money from the victim and pizzas were found in a dumpster near where the three men lived. Fingerprints of one of the men were found on the murder weapon, and the blood of the victim was found on the clothing of one of the others. All three pinned the crime on Williams.
Police presented evidence that showed they believed the three men conspired to frame Williams for the crime, and witnesses admitted to falsely implicating him because they were threatened by the three men.
None of this mattered. The evidence was suppressed, and Williams was convicted and sentenced to death. He was only removed from death row after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 2002 that people with intellectual disabilities could not be sentenced to death because there is a risk that they could confess to a crime they did not commit.
Advertisement
You know, like Williams did.
Even though Williams was taken off death row, the courts upheld his conviction and refused to even consider that his intellectual disability as well as his age could have played a part in his faulty confession.
Oh, and that prosecutor in the case, Hugo Holland? He was later investigated for withholding evidence and was eventually forced to resign.
Advertisement
That has not stopped him from being what the Washington Post described as “the most powerful law enforcement official in Louisiana.”
Even after he was fired, parishes throughout Louisiana continued to hire him as a part-time prosecutor, with some DAs allowing him to handle their most serious cases—including death penalty cases.
The tide changed for Williams in March 2018 when his attorneys filed a petition asking the Supreme Court to overturn his conviction due to prosecutorial misconduct. That petition was supported by a brief signed by 44 former prosecutors and Justice Department officials.
Advertisement
James Stewart, the current Caddo Parish district attorney, agreed to immediately release Williams in exchange for a guilty plea to lesser offenses.
Read that last sentence again. Even though they know he didn't do it, in order to secure his freedom, Williams still had to accept blame for a crime he didn't commit—albeit a lesser one.
At 36-years-old, Williams pleaded guilty to manslaughter and obstruction of justice. He walked out of Louisiana's Angola Prison last week a free man.
Advertisement
Amir Ali, one of the attorneys representing Williams, told the Washington Post that the case was “so clearly a tragedy,” it was worth accepting the guilty plea deals in order to secure his freedom.
When Williams left the prison last Tuesday, he had spent more of his life in jail than out of it.
Tragic.
Federal health officials on Tuesday announced a nationwide crackdown on underage use of a popular e-cigarette brand following months of complaints from parents, politicians and school administrators.
The Food and Drug Administration issued warnings to 40 retail and online stores as part of a monthlong operation against illegal sales of Juul to children. Investigators targeted 7-Eleven locations, Shell gas stations and Cumberland Farms convenience stores as well as vaping shops.
FDA regulators also asked manufacturer Juul Labs to turn over documents about the design, marketing and ingredients of its product. The rare request focuses on whether certain product features are specifically appealing to young people.
Like other e-cigarettes, Juul is an electronic device that turns liquid — usually containing nicotine — into an inhalable vapor.
Thanks in part to its resemblance to a small computer flash drive, Juul has become popular with some teenagers as a discreet way to vape at school and in public. Parents, teachers and principals say they are struggling to control the booming trend.
"The bathroom is the main source of it," said Maureen Byrne, the principal of Dublin High School near San Francisco. "As students become more comfortable, we have seen it in classrooms and on campus even out in the open."
Health advocates have worried about the popularity of vaping products among kids and the potential impact on adult smoking rates in the future. A recent government-commissioned report found "substantial evidence" that young people who use e-cigarettes are more likely to try cigarettes.
FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb said the current "blitz" targeting Juul will continue through the end of the month, with additional actions in coming weeks.
"This isn't the only product that we're looking at, and this isn't the only action we're going to be taking to target youth access to tobacco products, and e-cigarettes, in particular," Gottlieb said in an interview. He named several other brands of concern, including KandyPens and myblu.
Juul sales have exploded over the past two years, accounting for 55 percent of the U.S. market for e-cigarettes, according to recent industry figures. That's up from just 5 percent of the market in 2016.
The San Francisco-based company said in a statement it agrees with the FDA that underage use of its products is "unacceptable."
"We already have in place programs to identify and act upon these violations at retail and online marketplaces, and we will have more aggressive plans to announce in the coming days," the statement read.
Juul Labs says it monitors retailers to ensure they are following the law. Its age verification system searches public records and sometimes requires customers to upload a photo ID.
E-cigarettes have grown into a $4 billion industry in the U.S. despite little research on their long-term effects, including whether they are helpful in helping smokers quit cigarettes.
That's the sales pitch made by Juul and many other e-cigarette manufacturers: "Juul delivers nicotine satisfaction akin to a cigarette in a format that's as simple and easy to use," states the company's website. A Juul "starter kit" can be ordered online for $49.99. The company's website is intended to only sell to customers ages 21 and up.
Chaz Nuttycombe, an 18-year-old who has never tried vaping, says it's prevalent at his school, Hanover High near Richmond, Virginia.
"They're not doing cigarettes because that's not really hip," he said. "I think my generation has been educated on what's in a cigarette, the poisons and whatnot."
Research shows that many e-cigarettes contain trace amounts of chemicals like formaldehyde, but it's unclear whether they exist at levels that can cause long-term health problems. Most researchers agree any risks of e-cigarettes do not approach the long-established harms of traditional cigarettes, which cause cancer, heart disease and lung disease.
The FDA gained authority to regulate e-cigarettes in 2016, but anti-smoking advocates have criticized the agency for not policing the space more aggressively to stop companies from appealing to underage users, particularly with flavors like mango, cool cucumber and creme brulee.
"These are very positive steps and demonstrate that FDA recognizes the problem of youth use is very serious," said Matthew Myers, of the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids. "But they don't address the biggest issue that the FDA is not enforcing its own rules."
Myers' group contends that Juul and several other e-cigarette companies have recently launched new flavors and varieties without seeking FDA authorization. That step is mandatory under the FDA regulations put in place during the summer of 2016.
___
AP writer Collin Binkley in Boston contributed to this story.
India's U-17 chief coach Luis Norton de Matos has said the 1-1 draw with Chile in the recently-held Four-Nation Tournament showed that it is possible to achieve success in the upcoming FIFA World Cup.The Indian Colts came from a goal down to hold Chile after being reduced to 10 men in Mexico City."Chile is one of the best Teams in South American and it was a very important result for us (India)," Matos said."It showed that despite having started far away from the objective of the tournament in relation to other teams, it is possible for us to achieve success."Chile had taken the lead in the 40th minute but Nongdamba Naorem's 82nd minute strike equalised proceedings.Shortly after, Aniket was sent off in the 84th minute. Despite being, a man down the Indian Colts pressed for the decisive goal but could not find any as the full-time scoreline read 1-1."It is fundamental to believe in the process of practicing, maintaining their humility, enduring sacrifice and at the same time being fearless of facing any team in the world."But there is still a long way to go and we will keep working hard," Matos stated.The coach of the Chile U-17 side, Hernan Caputto also showered praise on the playing style of the Indian Colts."It was a very difficult match, the way India approached the match was very interesting," Caputto had said."We started 1-0, we had some chances, but India came out and started putting pressure on us with very fast transitions and in a counterattack they scored."It was deserving, India is a team that will compete and will make their country proud, you can tell there is a lot of work from Luis and what he has achieved with the players," Caputto concluded.
BANGUI: Central African Republic has approved a law creating a special criminal court to investigate allegations of war crimes and crimes against humanity during more than a decade of ethnic and religious conflict, a lawmaker said.
Hundreds have died in the violence and scores more have been raped and tortured but the perpetrators have not faced any meaningful legal pursuit, rights activists say.
Advertisement
"With this law, we will now be able to count on the justice system to put an end to the conflicts, to the killings, to the massacres," Ernest Mezedio, a national deputy, told Reuters on Wednesday.
"The executioners who walk around freely should know that the hour of justice has sounded," he said. The country's parliament approved the law late on Tuesday.
The United Nations' deputy representative in the Central African Republic said on Monday that the tribunal - which will be composed of both national and international judges - would begin formal investigations next week.
Rights activists say the court represents the best hope at reversing years of impunity, but concede that the considerable power wielded by potential investigation targets and vast swaths of territory beyond government control pose steep obstacles.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Central African Republic has suffered a series of violent political crises since former president Francois Bozize seized power in a 2003 coup d'etat.
Major violence erupted again in 2013 when mainly Muslim Seleka rebels ousted Bozize, prompting reprisals from mostly Christian militias.
A United Nations report last year said the litany of killings, rapes, mutilation, looting and torture committed by successive governments and armed groups from 2003-2015 may constitute crimes against humanity.
(Reporting by Crispin Dembassa-Kette; Writing by Sofia Christensen; Editing by Aaron Ross/Mark Heinrich)
By: Joe Grabianowski
CONCORD, NC —February 2, 2018 — Each February Volusia Speedway Park kicks off the racing season with the highly anticipated DIRTcar Nationals. The Super DIRTcar Series competitors of the Northeast will once again make the long haul to Florida, stretch their legs, and thaw out their Big-Block Modifieds to prepare for the 2018 campaign. The fast and furious high-banked half-mile oval hosts the Super DIRTcar Series for an extra night in 2018 with five consecutive nights during the second half of DIRTCAR Nationals, from February 13 -17.
Super DIRTcar Series veterans Brett Hearn, Billy Decker and Pat Ward will be vying for the coveted Big Gator trophy against young guns like Larry Wight, Max McLaughlin, and defending Series Champion Matt Shepard. Since 1998 Brett Hearn has earned the most Feature Big-Block Modified wins (10) at Volusia Speedway Park. However, 2017 was far from a banner year for The Jet. Although Hearn picked up that elusive 600th win and his first Series victory in two years, the Sussex, NJ driver, unsatisfied with last season's fortunes, hopes to reverse them with a strong showing at the 2018 DIRTcar Nationals.
Billy Decker, in his second year with a new team, proved he still had the winning touch with four Feature wins, but in a battle that came down to the final race, the Unadilla, NY driver fell just short of securing his fourth Series championship. After many years of success in the familiar red Gypsum Racing cars, the Mike Payne-owned Page Trucking Modified team fell into a groove in 2017 with wins at Fulton, Outlaw, Brockville, and Eldora speedways. There is no doubt that Decker will pick up where he left off last year and be a threat at Volusia.
The Gypsum Racing 42p of veteran Pat Ward will take on the fast Volusia track as well. Last year Ward was a picture of consistency, securing nine top-five finishes. The famous 42p has visited Victory Lane at Volusia Speedway Park multiple times, making Ward one of the favorites to run up front again in 2018.
Super Matt Shepard, coming off one of his best seasons, will launch a defense by once again getting dialed in for the 2018 season at Volusia. Not only did Shepard take home the 2017 Super DIRTcar Series Championship, but he also made a last-lap pass for his second career Super DIRT Week win — his first at The Clay Palace Oswego Speedway. Later in October Shepard took the final Feature event of 2017 in Charlotte. If it's momentum you want, Super Matt Shepard has got it.
The 99L Gypsum Racing entry piloted by Lightning Larry Wight is another hot hand to keep an eye on in Florida. Wight has developed an edgy reputation because of his aggressive, high-line, cushion-slamming racing style. In recent years Wight has combined consistency with quickness and was rewarded third place in the Series standings in 2017. Wight took the checkered flag twice last year and hopes to continue his winning ways at this year's DIRTcar Nationals.
Young gun Max McLaughlin in the Heinke Baldwin Racing, Textron Off Road 6H car picks up speed with every race he enters. McLaughlin finished 8th in points and had 13 top-ten finishes in 27 Super DIRTcar Series starts. McLaughlin looks to continue to carry his family name into Victory Lane in 2018 beginning with the DIRTcar icebreaker in Florida.
Attempting to chase the Super DIRTcar Series tour in 2018 will be Erick Rudolph out of Ransomville, NY. The 26-year old seems like he's being around forever, that's because he's been racing anything, anywhere throughout his young life. Last year during the two shows that the Big-Block Modifieds were able to get in at DIRTcar Nationals, Rudolph had two impressive runs with a fifth and sixth-place finish, giving the young gun high hopes of raising the Big Gator on Saturday of the second week.
With a near career-defining victory at the biggest Big-Block Modified race in the country, Australian Peter Britten and the No. 21a Graham Racing team are a force to be reckoned with. With more time to mesh, look for Britten and the No. 21a team to hoist the Big Gator.
Coming off a pair of top fives, including a second-place finish to close out the season at The Dirt Track at Charlotte Motor Speedway, Keith Flach and the No. 43 team may have hit on something. The fire is burning in the young driver out of Ravena, NY to capture his first victory.
Tickets are still available. Visit dirtcarnationals.com for tickets, the daily schedule, and information about all the other exciting racing taking place at Volusia Speedway Park including the World of Outlaws Craftsman® Sprint Cars and Late Model Series.
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray has said the government should bring in a law to make singing of Vande Mataram compulsory.He said the singing of the national song should not be restricted to certain days."What is wrong in singing Vande Mataram and why should it be sung only on select days? It should be sung every day. Bring in a law for the same (to make its recitation mandatory)," Thackeray said.He was speaking at the 57th-anniversary event of Marathi cartoon weekly Marmik, founded by his father, Sena patriarch late Bal Thackeray.The event was held at Dinanath Auditorium in suburban Vile Parle last evening."There should be no display of false pride. There should be a stringent law for compulsory singing of Vande Mataram."Nationalism shouldn't be part of just January 26 and August 15 celebrations. It should become an integral part of life," the Sena chief said.Thackeray questioned the commitment of his ally BJP on the issue."Before coming to power, the BJP had said everyone must sing Vande Mataram if they want to live in the country. What happened now? How can you say an individual will decide whether or not to sing the national song," he asked.Last week, the Shiv Sena-ruled Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation passed a proposal to make the singing of Vande Mataram compulsory in civic-run schools in the city.
The Canadian Press
Rabbit rescue organizations are preparing for an influx of surrendered and stray bunnies as Easter weekend comes to an end.
Kaylie Ngo, president of London-based Hoppy Hearts, said the peak season for her rescue starts in June and July -- and much of the volume stems from bunnies that were hastily purchased as Easter gifts for kids.
Bunnies are usually given as gifts when they're about eight weeks old, Ngo said. But after a few months, their personalities start to shift.
"They start becoming very hormonal and active little teenagers that like to poop and pee and start destroying things," she said.
The executive director of Rabbit Rescue Inc. in Cambridge said oftentimes, parents who buy the animals for their kids don't understand what they're getting into.
"They're really similar to cats and dogs, not like hamsters and gerbils," Haviva Porter-Lush said. They can't be kept in a small cage, for instance. Porter-Lush recommends keeping them in a pen or a dedicated room to themselves.
And they're also more like cats and dogs in terms of cost than many people realize, she added.
"When people see them in the store for $30 or $40, they don't realize that, say, 'in five or six months time, I'm going to need to spend $300 to $700 getting my rabbit spayed."'
Ngo said that sometimes, a lack of veterinary care can be an issue for rabbit owners.
"Despite being the third most popular pet in North America, they are still considered an exotic pet by many veterinarians, and it can be really, really hard to find a good veterinarian to care for the rabbit," she said.
Both Hoppy Hearts and Rabbit Rescue Inc. send rabbits that are up for adoption to foster homes -- neither organization has a dedicated shelter space.
"It's hard, because it's a busy time of year and we get full very quickly," said Porter-Lush, adding that they're limited by the number of people who have agreed to act as foster families.
In fact, Ngo said her rescue has become so busy that it's had to stop accepting owner-surrendered bunnies. Right now, she said, Hoppy Hearts is only taking in rabbits that have been abandoned outside.
"Even if only temporarily, being put outside is a death sentence," she said.
So when they get the call about a domestic rabbit that someone has spotted outside, they act fast. Ngo said that at least two people will go out to the scene and try to corral the rabbit into a pen.
Then, they scan the bunny for immediate health concerns: dental issues, parasites and injuries. If it's all clear, they go ahead and get the bunny spayed or neutered as quickly as possible.
Both Ngo and Porter-Lush recommend fostering a rabbit before eventually adopting one -- it's less commitment, and gives people a chance to see whether a rabbit is a good fit for their household.
Gist said she and the board would start reviewing names and bring in community members to consider whether the name of Lee, or any other school, should change to reflect the values of the school.
The name is everywhere outside Lee Elementary, and there's no mistaking it's there to honor the Confederate general.
The events there sparked a petition here in Tulsa to rename Lee Elementary, one of the oldest schools in the city, which was named after General Robert E. Lee in 1918.
President Donald Trump condemned the white supremacist groups involved in a rally that turned deadly in Charlottesville, Virginia this weekend.
One woman died after a car plowed into a crowd of counter-protesters, 19 others were injured.
James Fields, Jr. is charged with second-degree murder for the collision.
The rally was organized to protest the removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee.
The events there sparked a petition here in Tulsa to rename Lee Elementary, one of the oldest schools in the city, which was named after Lee in 1918.
The name is everywhere outside Lee Elementary, and there's no mistaking it's there to honor the Confederate general.
According to the school district, they've discussed the significance of the name in the last few weeks. The commitment to consider changing it came after a petition started online.
8/14/2017 Related Story: TPS To Review School Names Following Petition To Change Lee Elementary
“I just thought something ought to be done about that, so I created the petition,” said petition organizer Antigone LoVoi.
LoVoi lives in Edmond, but graduated from high school in Tulsa, and decided she could do something.
“I think a lot of people are feeling calling helpless right now about white supremacy right now in America. They don't know what to do. But I think we can start by not glorifying the people they glorify,” she said.
The petition prompted a quick reaction from Tulsa Public Schools, which considers equity a core value.
“In order to meet that core value, we have some steps we need to take to make sure the names of our schools reflect that,” Superintendent Dr. Deborah Gist said.
Gist said she and the board would start reviewing names and bring in community members to consider whether the name of Lee, or any other school, should change to reflect the values of the school.
“I think this was an additional impetus to get a group together and have those conversations more formally,” the superintendent said.
The district said nothing would happen quickly - they want to engage community members to consider the history of the school and its namesake before making any decision.
Ann Ferro: Taking time for my health
A healthier me
Picking raspberries in the beginning of the season is similar to picking at its end.
In the latter instance, it's hunting among the vines for the remaining fruit while in the beginning, you search among the heavily laden vines for those berries that have ripened.
Today it was a beginning.
It was still cool but I could feel the warmth of the morning sun on my back as I moved along the lines of raspberry vines. A gentle breeze brought the scents of the meadow below into the field where I worked.
A bucolic quiet settled around me. A virtual symphony of voices provided the backdrop to my labor.
A rooster crowed intermittently reminding all of the early hour. A cardinal practiced his inventive calls somewhere below while the songs of other birds I couldn't identify provided a country counterpoint.
A bee, not a wasp, not a hornet, but a real bee, the kind that collects pollen to make honey, buzzed around the patch where I was gathering. I had to tell her, because it was a her since all workers among the bees are female, that there was no nectar, no blossoms here.
They had all grown into emerging berries, some, I explained to her, were ripe today.
She seemed to understand and flew down toward the flower filled field below.
I am moving more slowly, more carefully this year, propping my cane against the vines as I hunt for the berries but I find the more leisurely pace to be a strange combination of energy and serenity.
There is only me among the raspberries, me and the meadow and its lovely music. For the first time in many months, I felt a sense of peace, one that has been so elusive in my world.
The problems of the greater world and my particular corner of it were gone in the meditation of my berry basket and fingers stained with berry juice.
I have always liked this time, this activity.
At the beginning of summer when the weather eases and all things seem to be possible, I find this solitary effort so satisfying. It brings back pointed memories of my childhood when being outdoors in the woods and fields with my grandmother to gather firewood or water or berries was a treat.
It reminded me of a time in my life when I was supremely happily satisfied with who and where I was.
People smarter than I have noted that we have lost our way today.
We seek connectedness through technology, eschewing thousands and thousands of years of human history, a history that molded the humanity that we share.
There is an important book, “The Last Child in the Woods” that postulates the critical necessity of exposure to nature during childhood.
Studies at prestigious institutions have suggested that being outside in nature can mitigate deficits attributed to modern life.
That seems very plausible knowing that as humans we have only lived inside­, in the broadest sense, since the agricultural revolution some 8,000 years ago.
Before that we were forest and meadow children. Even after the invention of agriculture, life was lived outdoors.
The industrial revolution put more of us inside and the digital age, the one in which we all live now, has favored the inside child and adult.
If I take the time to go outside, the walk in the park or along the trails in Baltimore Woods, I am refreshed, energized.
The Japanese have a word for this Shinrin-yoku or Forest Bathing.
It is a known medical prescription in Japan for any number of maladies with the supposition that being in nature reduces the stress hormone, cortisol.
So, I pick the red raspberries this week and maybe the black raspberries next week. Not only will have pies, but jars of jam and a healthier, more contented me.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Related
Comment on this Story
SHERIDAN — The Center for a Vital Community has invited the community to an event where you'll be asked to listen to others and also asked for your opinion. The conversations will provide an opportunity for you to offer your insight, your stories and your experiences around how you would describe our community.
The events aim to practice and promote civil discourse in the community.
Three different sessions will be offered:
• 1:30-4 p.m. Wednesday, Sheridan College Thorne Rider Center, Room 008
• 5:30-8 p.m. Thursday, Sheridan College Whitney Room 202
• 9:30 a.m. to noon, Sheridan College Broadway Center, 245 Broadway St.
For more information or to reserve a spot, call the CVC at (307) 675-0833.
The new Donald Trump administration will attempt to manage many challenges, but cannot eliminate them. After all, these forms of political violence have existed since time immemorial and will continue for generations.
Characterizing the terms hate crimes, extremism, and terrorism in the current political context requires a careful analysis of facts, law, and political calculations – sometimes not as straightforward as one would expect. For instance, while the U.S. government has lists of foreign terrorist organizations (FTOs) and state-sponsors of terrorism, there is no statutory domestic terrorism list.
Nevertheless, various U.S. government agencies, including the FBI, have referred to some U.S. extremist groups as terrorist entities.
The Obama administration has been criticized in some circles for failing to describe al Qaeda, Islamic State (IS), and similarly ideologically aligned groups as violent jihadists. The incoming administration will have to weigh which terms it chooses to use when referring to individuals, groups and nations that appear to use extremist/terrorist tactics.
Domestic Extremism
The term domestic extremism means individuals or groups that follow a variant of ideologies that support the threat and/or use of violence for political, religious or social objectives. One type of domestic extremism includes those who disdain others due to a person's immutable characteristics, such as race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender, gender identity and disability. Such bias, as exhibited in criminal acts, has been termed hate crimes. Lone wolves and cabals inspired by hate-based ideology, as well as those formally linked to a hate group, perpetrate such crimes.
Increasingly troublesome are recent attempts to ignite a “race war” in the United States, among them: the June 2015 Dylan Roof murder of nine parishioners at an African-American church in Charleston, South Carolina; October 2016 failed plot by a militia-hate aligned cabal that sought to bomb an apartment complex housing Somali immigrants in Garden City, Kansas; and the November 2016 planned attack by an African-American couple to kill police in Trussville, Alabama.
In November 2016, the FBI released hate crime statistics for 2015, noting that there were “5,850 criminal incidents and 6,885 related offenses that were motivated by bias against race, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, sexual orientation, disability, gender and gender identity.” About 48 percent of the perpetrators of these crimes were white, 24 percent were black, with the race unknown for the remainder. The most frequent types of bias attack were based on race/ethnicity/ancestry (59.2 percent), religion (19.7 percent) and sexual orientation (17.7 percent).
The U.S. Department of Justice's Bureau of Justice Statistics estimated that in 2012 there was a 60-percent underreporting of hate crimes. Hate crimes are significantly underestimated due to victims not notifying police of such incidents and police departments failing to recognize the role of bias in selected crimes.
Those who advocate or threaten violence on behalf of single-issue themes – environmentalism, animal rights and abortion rights, for instance – have been deemed domestic extremists. Too, individuals and groups aligned with antigovernment movements – be they militias, sovereign citizens, anarchists, or others – have been classified as American extremists.
Foreign-Linked Terrorism, State-Sponsored Terrorism and Global Terrorism
Homegrown violent extremism (HVE) comprises U.S.-based individuals of whatever citizenship who are influenced by a FTO, but act independently of it. Presently, there are more than 60 U.S. government-designated FTOs that conduct terrorism internationally, and threaten U.S. national security in one way or another. The majority of these FTOs are violent jihadists from the Middle East.
During the Obama administration, 25 groups were designated as FTOs, while five FTOs were delisted. Depending on how U.S.-Mexican relations evolve, and the Trump administration's perspectives on Mexican drug trafficking organizations (MDTOs), it is possible that proposed legislation to designate MDTOs at FTOs could be resuscitated. In July 2014, 19 Republican senators proposed to designate the pro-Russian separatist organizations Donetsk People's Republic and Lugansk People's Republic as FTOs. This effort probably will not gain traction if U.S.-Russian relations improve during the next four years.
In 2015, the U.S. government listed Iran, Syria and Sudan as state-sponsors of terrorism. Countries formerly listed as state-sponsors of terrorism include Cuba (removed during the Obama administration) as well as Libya, Iraq and North Korea (delisted during the George W. Bush administration).
U.S. State Department statistics on international terrorism in 2015 were frightful: 11,774 terror attacks occurred globally, resulting in more than 28,300 deaths and 35,300 injuries. Terrorism took place in 92 countries, although the majority of the attacks and deaths occurred in six countries (Afghanistan, India, Iraq, Nigeria, Syria and Pakistan). Compared to the previous year, in 2015, there were declines of 14 percent and 13 percent in the number of terror attacks and persons killed, respectively.
The risks of terrorism are particularly grave as one considers that terrorists and terror states have now an avid interest in using biological, chemical and radiological weapons, coupled with crippling cyberattacks. Syria and IS have used chemical weapons on numerous occasions. Various terror groups and terror states – among other countries – are undertaking cyberattacks and other cyber activities.
What Does the Future Hold?
How the threat of extremism and terrorism will evolve in the coming years is somewhat unclear. On the home front, there is evidence to suggest that some hate-based supporters, including those aligned to white nationalism, seem emboldened by President-elect Trump's victory. The alt-right movement, and some hate groups, claimed that Trump's triumph was an affirmation of their ideals.
According to the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC), there were more than 700 incidents of hateful harassment and intimidation in the two weeks since national elections. In a November 23, 2016, meeting with the New York Times, President-elect Trump was quoted as saying, “I don't want to energize the group [alt-right], and I disavow the group. It's not a group I want to energize, and if it is energized, I want to look into it and find out why.”
Interestingly enough, SPLC's figures show that the number of hate groups accelerated from 676 in 2001 to 926 in 2008 during the George W. Bush presidency. In 2000, the figure was 602. The number of hate groups actually fell overall during the Obama presidency. During his administration, there was an initial expansion of hate groups from 932 in 2009 to 1,018 in 2011. Those figures then declined dramatically to 784 in 2014, prior reaching 892 groups in 2015.
A white nationalist resurgence – political and otherwise – may spur other fringe elements of contrasting ideological spectrums to threaten or resort to violence. An escalation of hate crimes against minorities – particularly blacks, Hispanics, Muslims and the LGBT communities – could result in militancy among segments of the population at large.
Environmental and animal rights extremists may accelerate their unlawful actions should they believe the Trump administration as buttressing corporate interests over their goals. Perceived support by the new administration of energy interests, including oil drillings (e.g., Dakota Access Pipeline), might lead to expanded aggressiveness by radicals aligned with environmental and indigenous interests.
Anarchist activity could escalate due to the election of a billionaire. Yet, the perceived anti-globalism stance of the incoming administration may soften such perspectives. It remains to be seen whether pro-life judicial appointments to the U.S. Supreme Court would precipitate violence by those in support of pro-choice.
Southern Poverty Law Center figures for the 2015 noted 998 antigovernment “patriot” groups, of which 276 were characterized as militias. The number of these groups increased during the Obama administration, rising from 512 patriot groups (with 127 militias) in 2008. In 2012, these figures reached an all-time high of 1,360 patriot groups (with 321 militias). By comparison, during George W. Bush's presidency, the levels of patriot groups and militia groups declined from 158 patriot groups (with 73 militias) in 2001 to 149 patriot groups (with 42 militias) in 2008.
The impact of the election of Trump on militias and sovereign citizens is difficult to discern at this point. One train of thought is that Trump's support of the Second Amendment may placate militias. However, anti-immigrant-focused militias may view President-elect Trump's call for deportation of illegal aliens and the building of a wall with Mexico as a confirmation of their goals. Some within that camp may take that as carte blanche to proceed with their anti-immigrant pursuits. Others may forgo hate crimes, and wait for the government to deal with those issues on its own.
Sovereign citizens will likely view the incoming administration as the latest example of an illegitimate, de facto government that infringes upon true citizens. The sovereign citizen movement will probably continue to experience natural growth, including a high frequency of belligerency and “paper terrorism” against police and other government employees, including judges and prosecutors.
It is probable that HVEs – violent jihadists in the main – will be prompted by calls from FTOs to carry out attacks in the United States and against American interests abroad. What has been perceived as anti-Muslim rhetoric during the presidential campaign could fuel an attractive narrative that violent jihadist groups and propagandists will propagate offline and online.
Nonetheless, absent this narrative, violent jihadists have been effective in carrying out terror attacks and attracting adherents for decades. A most telling example of these undertakings is the 30,000-plus foreign fighters who migrated from over 100 nations to the IS. The incoming administration's policies in addressing HVEs and IS may become among the most weighty terrorism issues (beside hate groups) that will arise in the next four years.
Depending on the new administration's military and other approaches to defeat the IS, there could be more casualties for U.S. soldiers in Iraq and Syria, as well as expanded financial costs. According to the U.S. Department of Defense, the financial costs of U.S. operations against the IS during the period August 8, 2014 – October 15, 2016, was $10 billion.
As of November 2016, IS has been weakened significantly in Iraq and Syria, in terms of lost territory, leadership and operatives killed, and support in the region. Other countries in the Middle East and Europe have witnessed cascading effects of the conflicts in terms of significant military and economic costs, an influx of millions of refugees, and political instability (including the accession of hardline, nativist political groups in some European countries).
Since the declaration of the IS, there have been more than 150 terror attacks in more than 30 countries, resulting in more than 2,000 deaths. Likewise, there have been over 100 IS-related prosecutions in the United States between June 2014 and Fall 2016. In June 2016, FBI Director James Comey stated that there were some 1,000 IS-related investigations taking place in all 50 states.
Whether there will be an escalation of Iranian-sponsored terrorism in general, and against American interests, in particular, depends on diverse matters, such as the Trump administration's posture on the Iranian nuclear deal, Iran's roles in the Iraqi/Syrian conflicts and Yemini civil war, and Iran's support of Hezbollah.
The new administration's stance on the role of President Assad in a post-conflict Syria – should that ever arise – will likewise impact whether Syria remains on the list of state-sponsors of terrorism. Growing tensions with existing state-sponsors, or other nations may harden U.S. government policies vis-à-vis such states. A rapprochement with some nations (e.g., Russia and Turkey) or strain with others (e.g., North Korea, Ukraine, selected Middle Eastern and NATO countries) could similarly modify American perspectives on the terror front and beyond.
Last, it is crucial to recall U.S. military casualties during recent conflicts as actions taken – and not pursued – may have manifold, transformative implications for many years: Operation Iraqi Freedom (4,411 deaths and 31,953 wounded in action; March 2003 – August 2010), Operation Enduring Freedom (Afghanistan only; 2,216 deaths and 20,049 wounded in action; October 2001 – December 2014), and Operation Inherent Resolve (anti-IS activities; 30 deaths and 21 wounded in action; August 2014 – November 2016).
Conclusion
There are many daunting domestic extremist and international terrorist threats that the United States and the global community will need to address in the coming years and beyond. These cataclysmic forces may challenge the very essence of governments, industry, non-profits, non-governmental institutions, and the public at large.
Hopefully, President-elect Donald Trump and his national security team will succeed in managing the extensive perils that await them through effective policies in the political, diplomatic, military, economic, legal, law enforcement, strategic communications, and other spheres. Additionally, it is possible that the Trump administration will face unexpected foreign policy and terrorism events akin to those that confounded President Bush (e.g., the 9/11 attacks) and President Obama (e.g., the Arab Spring).
If so, multiple policy options must be considered very careful as initial impulses for one approach may, in retrospect, prove less than ideal. Unfortunately, an errant policy may not be recognized for months or years afterwards, sometimes making a reversal in strategy quite difficult.
NEW DELHI: India has slapped a nationwide ban on television ads for condoms during prime time hours, citing rules prohibiting "vulgar" content and concerns over children viewing salacious material.
The information and broadcasting ministry ordered India's estimated 900 television channels to restrict condom commercials to between 10pm and 6am, threatening repercussions if the ads fall outside graveyard hours.
"All TV channels are hereby advised not to telecast the advertisements of condoms which are (a) for particular age group and could be indecent for viewing by children," the order said Monday.
It also cited broadcasting regulations prohibiting "indecent, vulgar, suggestive, repulsive or offensive themes".
India's public and private television channels beam into nearly 183 million households across the country, data from the Broadcast Audience Research Council industry group shows.
Sex remains a taboo subject in India, a broadly conservative and traditional country, and condom ads have stirred up controversy in the past.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In September, India's largest trading body successfully lobbied for condom billboards featuring a former porn star be pulled down in Gujarat state, citing religious sensitivities.
In lodging its protest, the trade body accused the condom manufacturer of putting "India's cultural value at stake" by promoting contraceptives on the eve of a Hindu festival.
MidAmerican Energy Company will generate renewable energy equal to 100 percent of its customers' usage on an annual basis, upon completion of their proposed wind energy project.
MidAmerican Energy proposed the additional investment of $922 million with the announcement of its Wind XII project. The project, if approved, is expected to be completed in late 2020.
“Wind XII will transform our 100 percent renewable energy vision from a bold dream into a reality,” Adam Wright, MidAmerican Energy's President and CEO, said.
The company estimates Wind XII will create more than 300 full-time jobs related to construction and another 28 full-time positions for ongoing operations and maintenance.
Wind XII will provide an average $6.9 million per year in additional Iowa property tax payments on wind turbines and nearly $5.6 million more in annual landowner easement payments. In 2017, MidAmerican Energy paid $19.6 million in Iowa property taxes on wind turbines.
As Toronto Police take on the daunting task of piecing together what happened in Monday's van attack, Chief Mark Saunders announced Tuesday that accused Alek Minassian will now face 14 counts of attempted murder — up from 13 — on top of 10 counts of first-degree murder.
Tuesday saw Minassian appear briefly to face murder and attempted murder charges, and city residents — reeling to cope with a tragic and senseless attack — turned out in droves to pay respects to the victims at a memorial near the crime scene.
And with the misidentification of one of the dead in the recent Homboldt bus crash fresh in everyone's minds, Chief Coroner Dirk Huyer cautioned that it will be several days before the names of victims are officially released.
“Identifying the victims is our number one priority,” Huyer told reporters Tuesday afternoon. “But we also have to ensure that we are completely accurate when we so this.”
Earlier this month when a transport truck crashed into the Humboldt Broncos junior hockey team's bus in rural Saskatchewan killing 16 people, the coroner involved with that mishap initially identified one of the deceased as Xavier Labelle. Later, it was revealed the 18-year-old was alive and the dead young man was actually Parker Tobin, also 18.
Buyer said families of the predominantly female victims who were in possession of identification have been told their loved ones are “believed” to be dead, but their identities still need to be confirmed through DNA, dental records and in some cases fingerprints.
Family members identified one victim, Anne Marie D'Amico, a young woman who worked Invesco, a U.S.-based investment management company with a Canadian office near the large crime scene in the Yonge St. -Finch Ave. area. A Jordanian man visiting relatives, a Seneca College student and two South Korean nationals were also among those who died in the horrific van attack.
, 25, of Richmond Hill, was arrested moments after a rented Ryder van deliberately ran down dozens of pedestrians on a stretch of sidewalk along Yonge St. from Finch Ave. to Sheppard Ave. He made a brief court appearance Tuesday morning.
“Seven minutes after (the first 911) phone call, Toronto Police had a male under arrest (who) we believe was responsible for the mass casualty that took place,” said Chief Saunders, who also confirmed police seized the suspect's cellphone.
In videos captured by bystanders at the scene, the driver of the van appears to be pointing a cell phone at the arresting officer as he shouts “kill me.” But the officer didn't flinch, so the suspect soon tosses the phone and he is taken into custody.
“As has been reported in the media, the accused is alleged to have posted a cryptic message on Facebook minutes before he began driving the rented van (along the crowded sidewalk),” Homicide Det.-Sgt. Graham Gibson notedGibson said, referring to a message on an account that has since been deactivated.
Although the homicide investigator would not elaborate, that message mentions “The Incel Rebellion” and the “”Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger,” believed to be references to a California Man who posted a video online complaining about men like him being rendered “incels” — involuntarily celibate — because of women rejecting them, then went on a stabbing and shooting rampage killing six people and wounding 14 others before taking his own life in 2014.
Mourners, meanwhile, shed tears at the scene at a growing memorial in North York and residents of his Richmond Hill street tried to come to grips with knowing their “odd” neighbour is accused of the horrific the attack. There was a memorial held at Olive Square, near the crime scene last night.
“We're dealing here with a city that is in mourning, but we're strong and we're resilient and we're, I think, showing the world how Toronto responds in times like these,” said Mayor John Tory, who added “every possible resource” has been made available to help with the investigation.
Mel Lastman, the former Toronto mayor synonymous with North York, praised the police officer who made the arrest without harming the suspect.
“My heart goes out to those that lost their lives, those that were injured and to the individuals in Toronto who lost their loved ones,” Lastman wrote in the statement, released Tuesday. “These innocent lives will never be forgotten.”
Lastman, the first mayor of the amalgamated city of Toronto, served as mayor of North York for 25 years. His namesake local landmark, Mel Lastman Square, a Yonge St. park that includes an outdoor amphitheatre and a reflecting pool, lies roughly halfway between where Monday's rampage began at Finch Ave. and ended at Poyntz Ave.
cdoucette@postmedia.com
Harvey Weinstein has been indicted with multiple rape and criminal sex act charges according to Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr.
Making the announcement on Wednesday, Vance said the film producer had been bought "another step closer to accountability”.
The news comes just hours after a statement issued by a spokesperson for the disgraced film producer said he would not be testifying before the grand jury over sex charges on the advice of his lawyers.
The 66-year-old waived his right to appear before the panel of between 12 and 23 people on Wednesday.
Weinstein was initially arrested and charged last week on two counts of rape and one of a criminal sexual act for alleged incidents involving two separate women.
He made his first public appearance in court on Friday, nearly eight months after he was hit with numerous allegations of sexual misconduct.
By Kamasasa E
What really transpired?
1. The swearing in was to go on. All preparations made at Tononoka grounds coast. Tickets booked and speeches made.
2. Kalonzo from Germany called Raila asking him to put on hold the searing in. Musalia and Wetangula joined the fray of advising Raila to shelve the swearing in until further notice.
3. The diplomatic core arrives at capital hill to meet the NASA leadership led by Bishop Oginde. Since Musalia and Wetangula were riding on the bus of shelving the swearing in, Raila delegates the duo to meet the ambassadors who were already seated in Raila's office. Governor Kivutha Kibwana was also around to represent Kalonzo.
4. The diplomatic core refuses to engage the NASA team until Raila is in attendance. Raila kept them waiting for long. Musalia and Wetangula had to work extremely hard to bring on board Raila. Raila finally agrees to meet the ambassadors. Talked very less and more of the time kept mute. In the few statements Raila uttered he repeatedly dwelt on ELECTORAL REFORMS and why the police killed innocent Kenyans who welcomed him back in Nairobi.
The last word Raila tells the diplomatic core is that swearing in is on. No matter mater what.
5. Musalia+Kalonzo+Wetangula accepts the call from the diplomatic core to shelve the swearing in and get down on a negotiation table. A message Uhuru gave the ambassadors to pass over to the NASA leadership. Its the ambassadors who decide to plan for the dialogue and mediate with help of clergy led by Bishop Oginde.
6. Both Musalia and Wetangula intensifies talking to Raila for the need to shelve the swearing in alleging that many Kenyans will be killed. Pressure from the NASA principals makes Raila cave in but distances himself from the resolutions. He decided to keep mute. Wetangula, Musalia and Kibwana prepares a written speech to shelve the swearing in. You will note Raila didnt sign the speech. No ODM senior leader signed the speech too.
7. Since Musalia+Kalonzo+Wetangula are the ones who bought the idea from the ambassadors, Raila gives them go ahead to do the dialogue. Today NASA team led by Musalia are to meet Uhuru plus his team at a neutral place in Nairobi to dialogue and negotiate. The moderators are the ambassadors with the help of the clergy.
Well, lets see what comes from the meeting.
LESSON: If you plan to do something with any Luhya, ask the meaning of the word MULEMBE. Its means PEACE. Since Musalia and Wetangula are my seniors, i will give them my ear. Hope they wont be shortchanged and start crying foul in a near future. But expect Raila not to be part of the government of national unity. He may consider too retiring from politics or stick to the check point bench
Chief Minister, MANOHAR PARRIKAR, who is contesting the by-election in the Panaji constituency for the sixth time after successive five wins as the legislator of the capital city, speaks to RAMNATH N PAI RAIKAR about his plans for Panaji and the opposition campaign, among other things
Q: It's almost five months since your government took charge. Has it gathered speed with the administration fully on track?
The administration is more or less on track, but the problem is the election-related Model Code of Conduct coming in between, which does not permit the government to tackle many of the issues. So the delays in taking decisions are not from my side as you can see. Actually speaking, we cannot execute many things because of the Code. To that extent there is a sort of break, but otherwise the government is on track.
Q: Is Chief Minister contesting election, an added advantage to the voters?
I was always the Bharatiya Janata Party's chief ministerial candidate in the past, whenever the state faced the assembly election. So the people knew in advance that I was going to be the Chief Minister, if my party came to power. So it's not a major advantage for me this time around. This scenario does not make much difference according to me. The people are aware of the situation.
Q: Why are you silent on the allegations of the opposition parties that you have done nothing for the Panaji city, when actually, since your first tenure as the Chief Minister you had been consistently taking up developmental projects in the city?
As you can see, the city of Panaji has problems of its own, mainly due to its linkage to the other areas or other cities. This is more so as Panaji is a capital city and experiences regular influx of tourists, and visitors to various government departments. Then there is a problem of schools. There were and still are too many schools in Panaji, which are attended by students, not all of whom are residents of Panaji. Many of these students come from surrounding areas located up to say 20 kms from the capital city, may be because of the good standard of education maintained by these schools. I found a solution to it by setting up an educational complex at Cujira, and diverting around 6,000 students from the capital city, thus relieving it of its major load. During my earlier tenure, I expanded the entry/ exit road to city from Patto to Adil Shah Palace, in spite of a lot of criticism. I also got projects like Inox Complex and new city municipal market to see light of the day. In fact, we have listed 40 to 45 already completed city projects. I would also like to add that during my last tenure, I got the Miramar-Dona Paula Road, the annually sinking road, converted into concrete road, and further provided quality road from Dona Paula Circle to Goa Medical College, in turn making available an alternative entry/ exit route to the city. I admit that there are still some minor problems at the Miramar-Dona Paula Road, all of which would be solved by December 2017. The small bridge connecting Mala to Patto will ease the pressure on Mala.
All these projects supported the development of Panaji. Now, I have a plan of shifting all government offices to Patto area, which will further reduce stress on the capital city. However, it is difficult to prevent rest of the traffic to Panaji as it is a capital city and visited by lot of tourists. The people coming for their work at various courts in the capital city will also continue arriving at least until the High Court is shifted to Porvorim. This action plan will take some time to get implemented in toto as it involves a lot of money, and no one had bothered about it until I came. In fact, I have been systematically reducing the pressure on the city and its infrastructure.
Q: Are you of the opinion that the Smart City project needs to be taken up on priority basis for Panaji, or are there other important things like garbage disposal mechanism and replacement of underground water pipelines that requires urgency?
I think the concept of Smart City is not properly understood. Under the Smart City Mission, all the infrastructural development can be taken up. There are some reservations, of course; however we can ensure that uninterrupted water supply, replacement of corroded water pipelines and so on can be taken up under the Smart City Mission. This concept will be implemented to ensure that the city becomes totally self-sufficient and runs smoothly, in terms of say, 24×7 water supply, uninterrupted power supply including smart metering and so on. We are definitely addressing all these issues through the Smart City Mission, but if, it is not possible to take up a particular city project under the Mission, I would ensure that this project receives proper attention from the government.
As you can see, the target of this government is to ensure garbage-free Goa, so there will be obviously a solid waste management plant dedicated to Tiswadi taluka and may be some other areas, at Bainguinim. This project is now getting activated, as we are into processing all required environmental clearances, etc. So I hope that by next year, we will start the plant. In around 15 months we intend to make it operational. That should solve the problem of city garbage. As for the problem of debris, every city faces it. We are working on a solution for it. But as you can see, such solutions don't come across the counter. They have to be properly planned. Disposal of garbage, plastic and other such things cannot be done in piecemeal manner.
We had planned all these things to commence from the month of August. But then the by-elections were declared. So now they will start from the month of September. By that time, the monsoon would also end. We will put in operation, the plan that we have worked out, which includes Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and the exercise to set up garbage treatment plant. In fact, many of these decisions would not be only for Panaji but extend to the entire Goa.
And yes, there would be a comprehensive mobility plan for the capital city, which I have declared in the annual state budget. It includes intra-city bus traffic. Furthermore, we will have buses running on bio-fuel, on the trial basis.
Q: Are you of the opinion that Panaji city can be converted into a model city, at par with many of the cities around the world?
Ask me this question after three years! In fact, you would not be required to pose it as the city would then be amazingly transformed, with completion of the pending city projects. Say, one of the proposed projects in the city as regards cleaning and beautification of St Inez nullah could not be tackled to my satisfaction. It was because a lot of sewage connections linked to it. To implement this project effectively, we need to improve sewage network in the city. I have an extensive plan, which will either start functioning or would be at a functional stage, within a year's time, where all such interlinked issues would be handled. Just having the sewage plant ready does not complete things for me unless and until the sewage pipeline is laid. Similarly, the 27 MLD water treatment plant at Opa, for supplying water to Tiswadi taluka, especially for Panaji, is in final stage, but as long as the last-line connection is in place, we cannot implement this 24×7 water supply concept. The related extensive road map would be opened out from September onwards, to allow us move systematically in the required direction.
Q: Has running the government become more difficult today with the advent of electronic as well as social media, which magnify every little thing you do, thus providing you with no breathing space?
Social media has its advantages and disadvantages. One cannot guarantee about the authenticity of whatever comes on the social media. Sometimes even wrong information is being posted on it, and some people with particular interest try to push their agendas. However, ultimately, information coming to the government is also important. We do get information and even try to correct things based on it. I don't see the social media in negative light, although there is a slight increase in load due to the social media. For example, the environmental concerns have resulted into a number of environmental issues coming before the government for resolutions, or even decisions. Nevertheless, these issues need to be tackled, and most of the time, they are beneficial to the government.
Q: You had said that you would be running your electoral campaign on a positive note. Do you also expect your opposition to do the same?
I always expect everyone to do it on positive note. Unluckily, when one lacks proper issues to discuss, and doesn't have support, one tends to slip into negative campaign. Let them do it. The voters from Panaji know me well, as they also know my capability and speed of delivery. So I am not worried about these kinds of (negative) campaigns
Q: Finally, do you subscribe to the general perception that you have changed a lot, especially after coming back from Delhi?
The only change, which I perceive in myself, is basically expanding my horizons after heading the Defence Ministry. If one compares the size, the total number of people handled by the Indian Defence Forces is something around 80 lakh, including servicemen and ex-servicemen. There are 63 cantonments and 14 to 15 public sector undertakings, under the Defence Ministry, with the Ordnance Factories Board itself having more than one lakh employees. Compare this with 62,000 employees working for the state government. Area-wise too, the defence installations are spread on land, which is 50 times the size of Goa. The budget of the Ministry is also enormous in comparison. Speaking about the officers in my former Union Ministry, there were 300 to 400 officers of Indian Administrative Service level, as compared to 18 to 20 IAS officers here. So my tenure at the Defence Ministry improved my horizons as well as my contacts, and my communication with the central government is much better, which helps me in getting issues resolved even over the telephone. So obviously that is an advantage. I also know many people or organisations, which can assist in speeding up certain development-related things for Goa. Furthermore, selecting some good models for Goa is also possible due to expansion in my horizons. So in totality it has added to my knowledge and to my resources.
As for me, this by-election, even though it is restricted to Panaji, it is also for the future of the state.
Although the final season of Trollhunters was released, this isn't really the end of the road for all those characters. Trollhunters was actually only the first part of the Tales of Arcadia trilogy on Netflix, and now that Trollhunters is over fans are wondering what comes next. The other two parts of the trilogy are 3 Below and Wizards, with 3 Below coming up first. So now that Trollhunters Season 4 isn't happening, when does 3 Below Season 1 premiere?
While the new show hasn't been given an official release date yet, it is scheduled to premiere later this year, and the two main characters of the new series were already introduced in Trollhunters Season 3. The new series will follow two royal teen aliens, Aja (Tatiana Maslany) and Krel (Diego Luna), who struggle to blend in at Arcadia while evading intergalactic bounty hunters. During Trollhunters, Aja and Krel helped the Trollhunters in their fight against the evil Morgana.
Although this new series in the Tales of Arcadia will be about aliens, fans can expect to see some familiar faces from Trollhunters to pop up in the new series. The series' executive producer Marc Guggenheim told Collider that Trollhunters fans will see certain characters again in 3 Below. "In fact, 3 Below allows relatively minor characters from Trollhunters the opportunity to shine, so we get to revisit those characters," he said.
Netflix Kids & Family on YouTube
Guggenheim also remarked on how 3 Below will differ from Trollhunters. "I think Trollhunters is a classic, Campbellian hero story like The Force Awakens, telling a very tried-and-true story that you've seen the classic structure of," he said. "3 Below is a lot wackier and a much more unconventional show. I'm just as proud of 3 Below as I am of Trollhunters, just for completely different reasons." Additionally, Guggenheim stated that 3 Below will be "even more visually impressive than Trollhunters."
Along with Aja and Krel, they'll also be joined by their bodyguard. The trio ended up in Arcadia because they were fleeing a surprise takeover of their home planet by an evil dictator and they just so happened to crash land in Arcadia. While they're on the run, they'll also be working to repair their ship so they can return home and defend their planet.
There hasn't been much else announced about the new series or how long it will be. Presumably, it'll be about three seasons long like Trollhunters, but that hasn't been confirmed yet. And then after 3 Below comes Wizards, which is set to be released in 2019. Little is known about the final installment in the Tales of Arcadia trilogy. However, this is what the synopsis for the series says:
DreamWorks Wizards brings together the three disparate worlds of trolls, aliens, and wizards who have found themselves drawn to Arcadia. The final chapter of the Tales of Arcadia culminates in an apocalyptic battle for the control of magic that will ultimately determine the fate of these supernatural worlds that have now converged.
Thus, Wizards will be an epic conclusion for this fantasy and action-filled animated series that has been years in the making. One wizard that fans have already been introduced to is Merlin, who made his appearance in Season 3 of Trollhunters. While it hasn't been confirmed, it feels fair to assume Merlin will be a major player in Wizards, and there's no doubt a number of familiar faces will be there for the final battle in Arcadia as well.
Although there's still a bit of a wait for both 3 Below and Wizards, you can watch now watch every episode of Trollhunters on Netflix. If you haven't seen the popular and Emmy-winning series yet, now's the perfect time to watch.
Fresh off their headlining set at Outside Lands, Gorillaz have announced a show at San Francisco's Bill Graham Civic on Wednesday October 4 with Vince Staples & Danny Brown.
Pre-sale for the show is on 8/17 at 10AM (password = humanz) & the general on sale is Friday morning 8/18 at 10AM.
Gorillaz TV Series Coming In 2018
For tickets and info head to apeconcerts.com.
MANCHESTER, UK - Researchers at The University of Manchester in collaboration with Central South University, China, have created a new kind of ceramic coating that could revolutionize hypersonic travel for air, space and defense purposes.
Hypersonic travel means moving at Mach five or above, which is at least five times faster than the speed of sound. When moving at such velocity the heat generated by air and gas in the atmosphere is extremely hot and can have a serious impact on an aircraft or projectile's structural integrity. That is because the temperatures hitting the aircraft can reach anywhere from 2,000 to 3,000 °C.
Processes called oxidation and ablation primarily cause the structural problems. This is the when extremely hot air and gas remove surface layers from the metallic materials of the aircraft or object traveling at such high speeds. To combat the problem, materials called ultra-high temperature ceramics (UHTCs) are needed in aero-engines and hypersonic vehicles such as rockets, re-entry spacecraft and defense projectiles.
But, at present, even conventional UHTCs can't currently satisfy the associated ablation requirements of traveling at such extreme speeds and temperatures. However, the researchers at The University of Manchester and the Royce Institute, in collaboration with the Central South University of China, have designed and fabricated a new carbide coating that is vastly superior in resisting temperatures up to 3,000 °C, when compared to existing UHTCs.
Professor Philip Withers, Regius Professor from The University of Manchester, said, “Future hypersonic aerospace vehicles offer the potential of a step jump in transit speeds. A hypersonic plane could fly from London to New York in just two hours and would revolutionize both commercial and commuter travel.
“But at present one of the biggest challenges is how to protect critical components such as leading edges, combustors and nose tips so that they survive the severe oxidation and extreme scouring of heat fluxes at such temperatures cause to excess during flight.”
So far, the carbide coating developed by teams in both University of Manchester and Central South University is proving to be 12 times better than the conventional UHTC, z]=[irconium carbide (ZrC). ZrC is an extremely hard refractory ceramic material commercially used in tool bits for cutting tools.
The much improved performance of the coating is due to its unique structural make-up and features manufactured at the Powder Metallurgy Institute, Central South University and studied in University of Manchester, School of Materials. This includes extremely good heat resistance and massively improved oxidation resistance.
What makes this coating unique is it has been made using a process called reactive melt infiltration (RMI), which dramatically reduces the time needed to make such materials, and has been in reinforced with carbon–carbon composite (C/C composite). This makes it not only strong but extremely resistant to the usual surface degradation.
Professor Ping Xiao, Professor of Materials Science, who led the study in University of Manchester explained, “Current candidate UHTCs for use in extreme environments are limited and it is worthwhile exploring the potential of new single-phase ceramics in terms of reduced evaporation and better oxidation resistance. In addition, it has been shown that introducing such ceramics into carbon fiber-reinforced carbon matrix composites may be an effective way of improving thermal-shock resistance.”
Happy Father's Day. Ray Romano: Daddyhood is like “living in a frat house. Nobody sleeps, everything's broken, and there's lots of throwing up.”
Hollywood brides wear wash 'n' wear wedding gowns, divorce lawyers advertise “two offices . . . no waiting” and the clergy quotes Nostradamus' immortal words: “Honor thy fathers and thy mother.”
Father's Day gifts: Shove the usual tie. Nobody wears them anymore. A nice present might be to just let Daddy be first in the john one morning.
Dean Skelos' son could give papa a Get Out of Jail Free card.
Card to La La Anthony's maybe cheater husband: “Pop goes that weasel.”
A-Rod: A 9-by-12 enlargement of Babe Ruth's bat.
And to Schwarzenegger, who's lived by the credo: Spare the rod, and you lose the illegitimate child — his family could play “Pin the Tail on the Donkey.”
Stars often have unusual father figures
The Rev. Jesse Jackson, who lives apart from his extracurricular daughter Ashley? His remembrance gets forwarded to him marked “Occupant.”
Caitlyn . What can you give a person who has everything? A jigsaw puzzle? A road map? A single-sex toilet? . . . As for Gov. Chris Christie . Family man. Good husband. Let's nobody cast aspersions. I say only that if his kids are in New York and planning to visit him — better they should take the tunnel.
How many is too many?
Eddie Murphy manufactured nine kids.
Brando, who produced a whole chorus and possibly passed on from exhaustion, brings up Jim Gaffigan's burp: “There should be a song: ‘If you're happy and you know it, keep it to yourself and let your dad sleep.'”
Big question: What's Bernie Sanders' son giving Bernie? The suggestion is a sandwich sign that says: “Will shut up for food.”
And Brad Pitt's flowers may read: “To whom it may concern.”
Daddy issues
Birds do it, bees do it and so did the late Ray Charles, whose partners produced 12 Charleses. Apologies to George Washington, if Ray's up there and still doing the job, angels can embroider his wings with “Father of our country.”
That married presidential wannabe who proved to be Daddy Long Legs? John Edwards' problem is, A) what do you give a guy who has nothing — And B) how to direct the purchases since, despite a blessing on Frances' head, they'll come from different directions.
Crossing a serious line
And then there's Mary Kay Letourneau. Former schoolteacher who diddled her 12-year-old student Vili Fualaau and got jail time although a proper punishment might've been to just bronze her lady parts.
She knocked out two children, courtesy of Vili or von't he. She delivered one while on bail, the other while in the can. The children could soon be older than her husband. He'll still be singing “I'll Be Loving You Always” when she moves into an assisted living facility.
Times sure have changed
Everyone must be conscious of celebrating Father's Day before the concept becomes obsolete. Gays have twins, spinsters become mommies, lesbians produce little ones. There are test tubes, frozen sperm, embryo adoption, sperm washing, medical injection, fertility treatments, reproduction clinics. And if that won't do it — try a hot date and a shot of new daddy Clooney's tequila.
Delegates to the recent Labour Party conference in the English seaside town of Brighton seemed not to notice a video playing in the main entrance. The world's third biggest arms manufacturer, BAe Systems, supplier to Saudi Arabia, was promoting its guns, bombs, missiles, naval ships and fighter aircraft.
It seemed a perfidious symbol of a party in which millions of Britons now invest their political hopes. Once the preserve of Tony Blair, it is now led by Jeremy Corbyn, whose career has been very different and is rare in British establishment politics.
Addressing the conference, the campaigner Naomi Klein described the rise of Corbyn as “part of a global phenomenon. We saw it in Bernie Sanders' historic campaign in the US primaries, powered by millennials who know that safe centrist politics offers them no kind of safe future.”
In fact, at the end of the US primary elections last year, Sanders led his followers into the arms of Hillary Clinton, a liberal warmonger from a long tradition in the Democratic Party.
As President Obama's Secretary of State, Clinton presided over the invasion of Libya in 2011, which led to a stampede of refugees to Europe. She gloated at the gruesome murder of Libya's president. Two years earlier, Clinton signed off on a coup that overthrew the democratically elected president of Honduras. That she has been invited to Wales on 14 October to be given an honorary doctorate by the University of Swansea because she is “synonymous with human rights” is unfathomable.
Like Clinton, Sanders is a cold-warrior and “anti-communist” obsessive with a proprietorial view of the world beyond the United States. He supported Bill Clinton's and Tony Blair's illegal assault on Yugoslavia in 1998 and the invasions of Afghanistan, Syria and Libya, as well as Barack Obama's campaign of terrorism by drone. He backs the provocation of Russia and agrees that the whistleblowerEdward Snowden should stand trial. He has called the late Hugo Chavez – a social democrat who won multiple elections – “a dead communist dictator”.
While Sanders is a familiar American liberal politician, Corbyn may be a phenomenon, with his indefatigable support for the victims of American and British imperial adventures and for popular resistance movements.
For example, in the 1960s and 70s, the Chagos islanders were expelled from their homeland, a British colony in the Indian Ocean, by a Labour government. An entire population was kidnapped. The aim was to make way for a US military base on the main island of Diego Garcia: a secret deal for which the British were “compensated” with a discount of $14 million off the price of a Polaris nuclear submarine.
I have had much to do with the Chagos islanders and have filmed them in exile in Mauritius and the Seychelles, where they suffered and some of them “died from sadness”, as I was told. They found a political champion in a Labour Member of Parliament, Jeremy Corbyn.
So did the Palestinians. So did Iraqis terrorised by a Labour prime minister's invasion of their country in 2003. So did others struggling to break free from the web of western power. Corbyn supported the likes of Hugo Chavez, who brought more than hope to societies subverted by the US behemoth.
And yet, now Corbyn is closer to power than he might have ever imagined, his foreign policy remains a secret.
By secret, I mean there has been rhetoric and little else.
“We must put our values at the heart of our foreign policy,” he said at the Labour conference.
But what are these “values”?
Since 1945, like the Tories, British Labour has been an imperial party, obsequious to Washington: a record exemplified by the crime in the Chagos islands.
What has changed? Is Corbyn saying Labour will uncouple itself from the US war machine, and the US spying apparatus and US economic blockades that scar humanity?
His shadow Foreign Secretary, Emily Thornberry, says a Corbyn government “will put human rights back at the heart of Britain's foreign policy”. But human rights have never been at the heart of British foreign policy — only “interests”, as Lord Palmerston declared in the 19th century: the interests of those at the apex of British society.
Thornberry quoted the late Robin Cook who, as Tony Blair's first Foreign Secretary in 1997, pledged an “ethical foreign policy” that would “make Britain once again a force for good in the world”.
History is not kind to imperial nostalgia. The recently commemorated division of India by a Labour government in 1947 – with a border hurriedly drawn up by a London barrister, Gordon Radcliffe, who had never been to India and never returned – led to blood-letting on a genocidal scale.
Shut up in a lonely mansion, with police night and day
Patrolling the gardens to keep the assassins away,
He got down to work, to the task of settling the fate
Of millions. The maps at his disposal were out of date
And the Census Returns almost certainly incorrect,
But there was no time to check them, no time to inspect
Contested areas. The weather was frightfully hot,
And a bout of dysentery kept him constantly on the trot,
But in seven weeks it was done, the frontiers decided,
A continent for better or worse divided. W.H. Auden, ‘Partition'.
It was the same Labour government (1945-51), led by Prime Minister Clement Attlee – “radical” by today's standards — that dispatched General Douglas Gracey's British imperial army to Saigon with orders to re-arm the defeated Japanese in order to prevent Vietnamese nationalists from liberating their own country. Thus, the longest war of the century was ignited.
It was a Labour Foreign Secretary, Ernest Bevin, whose policy of “mutuality” and “partnership” with some of the world's most vicious despots, especially in the Middle East, forged relationships that endure today, often sidelining and crushing the human rights of whole communities and societies. The cause was British “interests” – oil, power and wealth.
In the “radical” 1960s, Labour's Defence Secretary, Denis Healey, set up the Defence Sales Organisation (DSO) specifically to boost the arms trade and make money from selling lethal weapons to the world. Healey told Parliament,
“While we attach the highest importance to making progress in the field of arms control and disarmament, we must also take what practical steps we can to ensure that this country does not fail to secure its rightful share of this valuable market.”
The doublethink was quintessentially Labour. When I later asked Healey about this “valuable market”, he claimed his decision made no difference to the volume of military exports. In fact, it led to an almost doubling of Britain's share of the arms market. Today, Britain is the second biggest arms dealer on earth, selling arms and fighter planes, machine guns and “riot control” vehicles, to 22 of the 30 countries on the British Government's own list of human rights violators.
Will this stop under a Corbyn government? The preferred model – Robin Cook's “ethical foreign policy” – is revealing. Like Jeremy Corbyn, Cook made his name as a backbencher and critic of the arms trade.
“Wherever weapons are sold,” wrote Cook, “there is a tacit conspiracy to conceal the reality of war” and “it is a truism that every war for the past two decades has been fought by poor countries with weapons supplied by rich countries”.
Cook singled out the sale of British Hawk fighters to Indonesia as “particularly disturbing”. Indonesia “is not only repressive but actually at war on two fronts: in East Timor, where perhaps a sixth of the population has been slaughtered … and in West Papua, where it confronts an indigenous liberation movement”.
As Foreign Secretary, Cook promised “a thorough review of arms sales”. The then Nobel Peace Laureate, Bishop Carlos Belo of East Timor, appealed directly to Cook:
“Please, I beg you, do not sustain any longer a conflict which without these arms sales could never have been pursued in the first place and not for so very long.”
He was referring to Indonesia's bombing of East Timor with British Hawks and the slaughter of his people with British machine guns. He received no reply.
The following week Cook called journalists to the Foreign Office to announce his “mission statement” for “human rights in a new century”. This PR event included the usual private briefings for selected journalists, including the BBC, in which Foreign Office officials lied that there was “no evidence” that British Hawk aircraft were deployed in East Timor.
A few days later, the Foreign Office issued the results of Cook's “thorough review” of arms sales policy.
“It was not realistic or practical,” wrote Cook, “to revoke licences which were valid and in force at the time of Labour's election victory”.
Suharto's Minister for Defence, Edi Sudradjat, said that talks were already under way with Britain for the purchase of 18 more Hawk fighters.
“The political change in Britain will not affect our negotiations,” he said.
He was right.
Today, replace Indonesia with Saudi Arabia and East Timor with Yemen. British military aircraft – sold with the approval of both Tory and Labour governments and built by the firm whose promotional video had pride of place at Labour's 2017 party conference – are bombing the life out of Yemen, one of the most impoverished countries in the world, where half the children are malnourished and there is the greatest cholera epidemic in modern times.
Hospitals and schools, weddings and funerals have been attacked. In Ryadh, British military personnel are reported to be training the Saudis in selecting targets.
In Labour's current manifesto, Jeremy Corbyn and his party colleagues promised that
“Labour will demand a comprehensive, independent, UN-led investigation into alleged violations … in Yemen, including air strikes on civilians by the Saudi-led coalition. We will immediately suspend any further arms sales for use in the conflict until that investigation is concluded.”
But the evidence of Saudi Arabia's crimes in Yemen is already documented by Amnesty and others, notably by the courageous reporting of the British journalist Iona Craig. The dossier is voluminous.
Labour does not promise to stop arms exports to Saudi Arabia. It does not say Britain will withdraw its support for governments responsible for the export of Islamist jihadism. There is no commitment to dismantle the arms trade.
The manifesto describes a “special relationship [with the US] based on shared values … When the current Trump administration chooses to ignore them … we will not be afraid to disagree”.
As Jeremy Corbyn knows, dealing with the US is not about merely “disagreeing”. The US is a rapacious, rogue power that ought not to be regarded as a natural ally of any state championing human rights, irrespective of whether Trump or anyone else is President.
When Emily Thornberry , in her conference speech, linked Venezuela with the Philippines as “increasingly autocratic regimes” – slogans bereft of facts and ignoring the subversive US role in Venezuela — she was consciously playing to the enemy: a tactic with which Jeremy Corbyn will be familiar.
A Corbyn government will allow the Chagos islanders the right of return. But Labour says nothing about renegotiating the 50-year renewal agreement that Britain has just signed with the US allowing it to use the base on Diego Garcia from which it has bombed Afghanistan and Iraq.
A Corbyn government will “immediately recognise the state of Palestine”. There is silence on whether Britain will continue to arm Israel, continue to acquiesce in the illegal trade in Israel's illegal “settlements” and treat Israel merely as a warring party, rather than as an historic oppressor given immunity by Washington and London.
On Britain's support for Nato's current war preparations, Labour boasts that the “last Labour government spent above the benchmark of 2 per cent of GDP” on Nato. It says,
“Conservative spending cuts have put Britain's security at risk” and promises to boost Britain's military “obligations”.
In fact, most of the £40 billion Britain currently spends on the military is not for territorial defence of the UK but for offensive purposes to enhance British “interests” as defined by those who have tried to smear Jeremy Corbyn as unpatriotic.
If the polls are reliable, most Britons are well ahead of their politicians, Tory and Labour. They would accept higher taxes to pay for public services; they want the National Health Service restored to full health. They want decent jobs and wages and housing and schools; they do not hate foreigners but resent exploitative labour. They have no fond memory of an empire on which the sun never set.
They oppose the invasion of other countries and regard Blair as a liar. The rise of Donald Trump has reminded them what a menace the United States can be, especially with their own country in tow.
The Labour Party is the beneficiary of this mood, but many of its pledges – certainly in foreign policy – are qualified and compromised, suggesting, for many Britons, more of the same.
Jeremy Corbyn is widely and properly recognised for his integrity; he opposes the renewal of Trident nuclear weapons; the Labour Party supports it. But he has given shadow cabinet positions to pro-war MPs who support Blairism, tried to get rid of him and abused him as “unelectable”.
“We are the political mainstream now,” says Corbyn. Yes, but at what price?
The original source of this article is Global Research Copyright © John Pilger , Global Research, 2017
https://www.globalresearch.ca/the-rising-of-britains-new-politics/5612258
Minus presentations on corridor options, the Maryland Transportation Authority will hold six public meetings next month to study another way to cross the Chesapeake Bay.
One meeting will be May 9 at Broadneck High School.
As part of the Bay Crossing Study announced in 2016 by Gov. Larry Hogan, officials are considering pathways across the bay to relieve traffic and improve safety, while also studying the financial and environmental impacts of another corridor. So far, they're found some support, and some opposition.
Officials will discuss the project's need and purpose, public comments, and the environmental review process, among other areas. Staff won't provide a formal presentation but will answer questions.
All materials for the meetings will be published online as well at baycrossingstudy.com, the authority said.
Meetings will be held from 6 to 8 p.m. at the following locations:
May 8: Calvert High School in Prince Frederick
May 9: Broadneck High School
May 10: Kent County Middle School, Chestertown
May 16: Middle River Middle School, Middle River
May 17: Cambridge-South Dorchester High School, Cambridge
May 22: Chesapeake College, Wye Mills
Original Air Date: 9/30/16. Following recent deaths around the nation of African Americans by law enforcement, the Black Lives Matter movement became a unified voice–applauded by some, criticized by others. Tanya Faison of Black Lives Matter Sacramento and Attorney and Professor Mark T. Harris of the Law Enforcement Accountability Directive join host Scott Syphax.
Black Lives Matter
click to enlarge Courtesy Arkansas Department of Correction
THE DEATH CHAMBER: Now set to be put to use beginning April 20.
“Once again last minute court rulings have changed the course of justice. Today, the 8th Circuit ruled the state could proceed with the death penalty sentence and expressed no concern over the execution schedule and the legislatively mandated means to carry out the lethal injection protocol. However, the State Supreme Court went a different direction and ruled that the execution of Don Davis and Bruce Ward could not proceed based upon the potential of some future direction of the U.S. Supreme Court that is unknown at the present time.
“This decision was not unanimous and the dissenting opinions reflect the harm the delays cause the families of the victims and it also expresses my frustration in the continued delayed justice. We have asked the US Supreme Court to overrule the Arkansas Supreme Court and hope to get a decision later tonight.”
Theruled Monday that Arkansas's plan to execute seven men over the next 11 days could proceed.issued a stay on the executions on Saturday. Today, the 8th Circuit lifted that stay.An appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court will almost certainly be immediately filed by inmates' attorneys.This ruling does not supercede the Arkansas Supreme Court's stay of the executions of Don Davis and Bruce Ward , which were scheduled to begin tonight. The state may appeal those stays to the U.S. Supreme Court. UPDATE: Attorney General Leslie Rutledge says she will appeal to the Supreme Court Without intervention by the U.S. Supreme Court*,andwill be put to death on April 20,andon April 24 andon April 27.was supposed to be executed on April 27, but after the state Parole Board recommended him for clemency, a federal judge halted his execution because he said state law required a 30-day comment period on the clemency recommendation.A majority of the 8th Circuit court found that inmates did not bring their lawsuit to federal court in a timely manner, did not prove that the use of midazolam — the controversial sedative in Arkansas's three-drug protocol — is "sure or very likely to cause serious illness and needless suffering" and did not demonstrate a known and available alternative to lethal injection that "would significantly reduce a risk of severe pain." The inmates had suggested a firing squad as an alternative., the lone Democratic appointee among active members of the court, dissented. Chief Judge Lavenski Smith, from Little Rock, did not participate in the ruling.*UPDATE: A remaining wildcard in this is the temporary restraining order issued byon the state's use of the paralytic vecuronium bromide in its execution protocol. The drug's supplier,, filed a lawsuit alleging the state illegally obtained the drug. In light of the federal injunction, McKesson had requested to withdraw the suit and vacate the temporary restraining order, but Griffin had not signed off on the request at the time the Arkansas Supreme Court reassigned the case toissued a statement:
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "22","recurring_event": "309","competition": "427","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6832663","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "22","recurring_event": "309","competition": "427","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6832663","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "22","recurring_event": "309","competition": "427","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6832663","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "22","recurring_event": "309","competition": "427","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6832663","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
SKYSCANNER has seen a 189% surge in flight searches to Samara after England's 4-3 shootout victory.
GETTY BUDGET: You can still bag a bargain flight to Samara
Flight searches to Samara surged by nearly 200% after England beat Colombia yesterday. Skyscanner saw a huge spike in Brits Googling flight searches from England to Samara for the game against Sweden this Saturday. If you want to get out there and be part of the action, the travel site has put together some top tips on finding the cheapest flights to Russia.
England at World Cup 2018: Squad snapped back in training day after beating Colombia ENGLAND were back in training today at their Repino base, just a day after beating Colombia in a penalty shootout. 1 / 14 GETTY Marcus Rashford
FINDING A FLIGHT: For travellers who are lucky enough to score a last-minute ticket or simply want to travel out to soak up the atmosphere, there are still flights available and you can find them on the Skyscanner app. Here are the best flight deals for the England vs. Sweden game , 7 July, Samara, 18:00 local time (prices accurate as of 4 July 2018 and subject to change):
1. £951 return: Departing Leeds Bradford Airport at 14:50 on July 6, arriving at Kurumoch International Airport at 11:40 on July 7. Returning from Kurumoch International Airport at 17:00 on July 8, arriving at Leeds Bradford Airport at 13:05 on July 9. 2. £1,256 return: Departing London Gatwick at 10:35 on July 6, arriving at Kurumoch International Airport at 22:45. Returning from Kurumoch International Airport at 01:40 on July 8, arriving at London Gatwick at 09:35. 3. £1,389 return: Departing Birmingham Airport at 10:40 on July 6, arriving at Kurumoch International Airport at 22:45. Returning from Kurumoch International Airport at 01:40 on July 8, arriving at Birmingham Airport at 09:45.
England vs Colombia: Battle of the World Cup WAGs Which smouldering team wins hands down? 1 / 35
If England beat Sweden, the next match would be in Moscow, 11th July, 21:00 local time (MSK): Here are three of the cheapest flights from the UK to Moscow: 1. £356 return: Departing London Stansted at 14:40 on July 10, arriving at Moscow Domodedovo Airport at 22:00. Returning from Moscow Domodedovo Airport at 09:50 on July 12, arriving at London Stansted at 13:50.
A Muslim fashion designer has made history as the first ever designer to feature hijabs in every outfit on a New York Fashion Week catwalk.
Indonesian designer Anniesa Hasibuan, 30, delighted crowds with her Spring Summer '17 collection D'Jakarta. Models wore flowing trousers and skirts in silk, lace and chiffon in an array of pastel colours. One stand-out garment included an intricate gold lace dress, featuring metallic embroidery at the bust and a fringed lace train.
Each model wore a hijab in gold, pale pink or dove grey silk. It is believed to be the first time a New York Fashion Week catwalk show has featured hijabs on every model. Ms Hasibuan also made history as the first Indonesian designer to be featured at the fashion week and says her designs were inspired by her home city of Jakarta, where she also has a boutique.
The show consisted of 48 different looks, of which 10 were evening gowns and 38 were ready-to-wear pieces.
Following the show, Ms Hasibuan took to the runway, where she received a standing ovation from the audience.
Anniesa Hasibuan show, runway, Spring Summer 2017, New York Fashion Week (Rex)
Online lifestyle magazine Muslim Girl welcomed the collection, with reviewer Maha Syeda writing: “The Indonesian designer brought together the perfect elements of her cultural home country and the metropolitan western fashion world to create a beautiful harmony of fashion and modesty, because, yes — they don't have to clash.”
Fans of the designer took to social media to praise for the collection, with one fan calling the show “absolutely breathtaking”. Another wrote “this was everything!”
The designer told CNN: “I am so proud and thankful for everyone on the team who helped me so this event could happen, and I am so thankful to international and local media from Indonesia for exposing my show. I did not realise the result can be this amaxing, and I am thrilled and humbled by the welcome reaction given.”
Ms Hasibuan has previously held shows at major fashion capitals including London and Paris but this was her first catwalk in the US.
New York Fashion Week ran from 8 to 15 September this year. Across the catwalk shows, around 125,000 people are estimated to attend the shows while another 2 million watch online via live streams.
[Source: Independent]
Comments
comments
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) president, Ahmad, expressed his frustration that the African body is not able to publicly endorse Morocco's bid to host the 2026 World Cup.
Speaking after Caf's 40th General Assembly in Casablanca on Friday, Ahmad was tight-lipped about Caf's stance on the bid, despite giving it his personal backing.
Last week, Fifa issued a reminder about the “Rules of Conduct for the process to select the host(s) of the 2026 Fifa World Cup.”
With the Fifa president Gianni Infantino in attendance at the Caf assembly, Ahmad simply announced that Morocco has submitted a bid.
“May the best bid win – Africa is the best,” said Ahmad in reference to his backing for Morocco's bid against the joint one from the USA, Mexico and Canada to host football's showpiece event.
“I am for Morocco as you know as I have already said it,” Ahmad later added.
“I won't be neutral, I can tell you what I want – when others are asked I will let them reply as they wish.
“I will act within the regulations and with the advice of my legal counsellor,” Ahmad added.
Morocco officially launched its campaign and logo last month, having failed in four previous World Cup bids – in 1994, 1998, 2006 and 2010.
Fifa's regulations were introduced in order for bids to be fair and transparent following allegations of corruption during previous bid campaigns,
One of the points in Fifa's “Bid Rules of Conduct” reads: “All officials shall refrain from publicly making any written or oral statements of any kind, whether adverse or otherwise, about the bidders in relation to their bids.”
Ahmad chose his words carefully when pushed about how far Caf could go in showing support for Morocco's bid.
“I can't tell you today how or when I will act, but the fact that I'm speaking openly about it is a backing, isn't it?
“This is a start and we will see, step by step, the margin of manoeuvre within the regulations
“Nothing says I can't do it (back the bid). Mainly because I'm not a voter.”
The hosts of the 2026 World Cup will be chosen by a vote of all 211 member associations of Fifa on 13 June, the eve of the 2018 World Cup in Moscow.
U.S. stock futures pointed to a higher opening for Wall Street on Monday, with the launch of bitcoin futures raising investor interest in cryptocurrency related companies.
REUTERS: Technology and energy stocks gained in early afternoon trading on Monday, helping Wall Street shake off uncertainties following an explosion at one of New York's busiest commuter hubs.
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio called the incident an attempted terrorist attack after an initial investigation found that a man with a bomb-like device strapped to his body set off the explosion.
"When you see one of these events in a major city, you get a little cautious. But it's never enough to really rout a stock market intraday," said Michael Antonelli, managing director, institutional sales trading at Robert W. Baird in Milwaukee.
Interest in the surge in bitcoin and opening of futures trading continued to fuel bets on crypotcurrency related stocks, many of which have risen exponentially in value in the past three months.
Shares of Marathon Patent , Riot Blockchain , Overstock.com and Xunlei were up between 7 percent and 20 percent in the day.
Bitcoin futures jumped more than 20 percent in the U.S. debut on Sunday, which backers hope will encourage wider use and give legitimacy to cryptocurrency.
Advertisement
Advertisement
At 12:28 p.m. ET (1728 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 31.21 points, or 0.13 percent, at 24,360.37, the S&P 500 was up 5.22 points, or 0.20 percent, at 2,656.72 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 32.14 points, or 0.47 percent, at 6,872.22.
Seven of the 11 major S&P sectors were higher, led by gains in energy index as oil prices rose after a North Sea pipeline shut for repairs and investors focused on commodities following the explosion in New York.
Apple confirmed it had reached a deal to acquire Shazam Entertainment, the U.K.-based app that lets users identify songs by pointing a smart phone at the audio source.
Its shares rose about 2 percent and was the top boost to all the three major indexes.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Financial , consumer staple and industrial stocks were the biggest losers.
Market focus will shift to Federal Reserve's two-day rate setting meeting that begins on Tuesday. A third rate hike this year is near certain, with traders betting a 90 percent chance in its favor, according to CME Group's Fedwatch tool.
"Coming off a week of pretty good economic data, investors will certainly take a close look at what the Fed has to do, what they say coming out of a meeting," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at B. Riley FBR in Boston.
Among other movers, CenturyLink was the biggest S&P 500 gainer, rising about 10 percent after the telecom provider signed a 5-year contract with the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Shares of Bluebird Bio rose as much as 30 percent to a record high of US$222.03 after its experimental gene-modifying immunotherapy drug co-developed with Celgene received positive responses in early stage myeloma study. Celgene's shares were up 2.2 percent.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,618 to 1,224. On the Nasdaq, 1,525 issues rose and 1,370 fell.
(Reporting by Sruthi Shankar and Rama Venkat Raman in Bengaluru; Editing by Arun Koyyur)
Aug 11 (Reuters) - Bengal Energy Ltd-
* Bengal Energy announces fiscal 2018 first quarter results
* Q1 revenue c$2.3 million
* Revenues in Q1 fiscal 2018 were 7% lower than fiscal q1 2017 due to 14% decrease production volumes
* Bengal energy ltd - production in current quarter averaged 369 barrels of oil equivalent per day ("boepd"), a 4% increase and 14% decrease from previous quarter
* Qtrly FFO per share $0.02
* Qtrly adjusted earnings per share $0.01 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Cincinnati Bengals tight end Tyler Eifert (back), wide receiver John Ross (knee) running back Ryan Hewitt (knee) and safety Derron Smith (ankle) have been ruled out for Sunday's game against Buffalo.
Eifert has been sidelined since Week 2 -- against the Texans -- after aggravating a back injury similar to the one that ended his 2016 campaign early.
Here are the other injuries we're tracking on Friday heading into Sunday's slate of Week 5 games:
1. Indianapolis Colts quarterback Andrew Luck (shoulder) was back at practice, as scheduled on Friday. Colts coach Chuck Pagano said tight end Jack Doyle (concussion/neck) is out against the 49ers on Sunday.
2. Tennessee Titans quarterback Marcus Mariota (hamstring) is questionable and a game-time decision to play Sunday against the Dolphins.
3. Minnesota Vikings quarterback Sam Bradford said his problematic knee is feeling "much better this week than what it did two weeks ago when I was on the practice field." It remains to be seen if he'll play Monday night against the Chicago Bears.
4. Washington Redskins cornerback Josh Norman will be out four weeks due a rib fracture and small puncture in his lungs. Norman suffered the injury in the team's Monday night loss to the Chiefs.
5. Philadelphia Eagles Doug Pederson said RB Wendell Smallwood (knee) is questionable for Sunday against the Arizona Cardinals and defensive tackle Fletcher Cox will not play because of a calf injury.
6. New York Giants center Weston Richburg (head) and running back Paul Perkins (ribs) won't play against the Los Angeles Chargers.
7. Buffalo Bills wide receiver Jordan Matthews (thumb) will not play against the Cincinnati Bengals. Cornerback E.J. Gaines (groin), tackle Cordy Glenn (foot/ankle), safety Micah Hyde (knee) and cornerback Shareece Wright (back) are all listed as questionable for Sunday.
8. Green Bay Packers wide receiver Davante Adams is making progress, but still has not cleared the concussion protocol, says head coach Mike McCarthy. Defensive tackle Mike Daniels says he is "ready to roll" and will play vs. #Cowboys.
9. Carolina Panthers defensive end Mario Addison (knee) practicing for first time this week, as Rivera indicated yesterday. Safety Demetrious Cox (ankle) and center Ryan Kalil (neck) are both out. Ron Rivera however said Kalil "had a really good week." Tackle Matt Kalil (groin) has been ruled questionable.
10. Dallas Cowboys head coach Jason Garrett doesn't know if tackle Tyron Smith (back) will practice today, but if he does it will be on a limited basis.
11. Baltimore Ravens head coach John Harbaugh said cornerback Jimmy Smith (Achilles) is good to go after returning to practice today.
12. Pete Carroll said on KIRO Radio 97.3 FM that he doesn't expect to have Seattle Seahawks cornerback Jeremy Lane (groin) available Sunday against the Los Angeles Rams.
13. New York Jets defensive end Kony Ealy (shoulder), cornerback Daryl Roberts (hamstring), linebacker Josh Martin (ankle) and running back Matt Forte (knee/toe) are all ruled out. Defensive end Muhammed Wilkerson (shoulder) and cornerback Juston Burris (foot) are both questionable. Jets coach Todd Bowles said Burris injured his foot during practice on Thursday.
14. Tampa Bay Buccaneers defensive end Ryan Russell, who injured his shoulder against the New England Patriots on Thursday, is expected to be out 2 to 4 weeks, a source informed of the situation tells Rapoport.
15. Jacksonville Jaguars wide receiver Jaelen Strong (hamstring), wide receiver Marqise Lee (ribs) and center Brandon Linder (illness) are all questionable against the Pittsburgh Steelers. Linebacker Lerentee McCray (knee) is out after not practicing Thursday and Friday.
16. Pittsburgh Steelers tackle Marcus Gilbert (hamstring) is doubtful for Sunday against the Jaguars after missing practice Thursday and Friday.
17. Kansas City Chiefs center Mitch Morse (foot) and linebacker Dee Ford (back) are out for Sunday vs. Texans.
18. Oakland Raiders quarterback Derek Carr (back) threw in practice for the second straight day.
BAGHDAD: France will fight any French jihadists it finds on the battlefields of Iraq, arrest them if they return home and work to de-radicalize their children, President Francois Hollande said on a visit to Baghdad on Monday.
There are about 60 French citizens fighting alongside Islamic State militants in the northern city of Mosul alone and hundreds more in the rest of the country and Syria, French diplomatic sources said.
"We will fight them like (we fight) all jihadists ... since they are attacking us, since they prepare attacks on our own territory," Hollande told a news conference.
The children of returning militants would be taken in and "de-radicalised," he said on the one-day visit. "We are preparing for these returns and the very particular processing of these children."
The Socialist president, whose country has faced a series of militant attacks in the past two years, said French soldiers serving in a U.S.-led coalition against the jihadists were preventing more mass killings at home.
"Everything that contributes to reconstructing Iraq is an additional step to avoiding Daesh strikes on our own territory," Hollande said, using an Arabic acronym for Islamic State.
Hollande has seen his popularity rating plummet since taking office, amid frustration over his handling of the economy and national security. He has said he will not stand again in presidential elections this year.
He will travel later on Monday to the Kurdish city of Erbil, where France will deliver about 38 tonnes of humanitarian aid, including medicine, officials said.
The European Union police agency Europol last month warned of the risk of an increased rate in the return of foreign fighters.
U.S.-backed Iraqi forces are currently fighting to push Islamic State, the Sunni Muslim militant group, from Mosul, the fighters' last major stronghold in the country, but are facing fierce resistance.
It will likely take weeks to recapture Mosul, Hollande said. "Daesh is stepping back and Daesh will be defeated," he said.
"It's a year that will be a year of victory, here, against terrorism."
At least 16 people were killed by a car bomb in a busy square in Baghdad's sprawling Sadr City district on Monday, while Islamic State attacks on military positions north of the capital killed 16 pro-government fighters, sources said.
(Additional reporting by Stephen Kalin; Writing by Ingrid Melander; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
The highest point of Tulsa's Gathering Place is going up this week. The roof for the boathouse will be visible from all around.
It's not just any roof – it's a new design that looks like origami but goes together like a puzzle.
It was one of the great engineering challenges at Gathering Place, according to project manager Jeff Stava. It was designed several times over to handle high wind, and now putting it together is proving to be challenging too.
Special Coverage: A Gathering Place For Tulsa
“They assemble them down below and crane them up, and it's a time-consuming process,” Stava said.
The roof is made of 87 panels that assemble into 36 sections. It was built in California - at one point at risk of being lost in a wildfire - and trucked out to Tulsa on 37 semis.
Now, two teams work daylight too dark to put it together.
The roof can be decorated with light, at night and looks like paper in the day.
Underneath the roof is a large outdoor space next to a full-service restaurant.
“This will be an area where you can bring a picnic lunch, could bring your own or grab-and-go from the restaurant,” Stava said.
Turn around and the view is an overlook of the pond and a long view of downtown.
“Great views - panoramic views of the park, the skyline and the river,” said Stava.
The roof, and the stonework, and all the labor going into it is for a building, but Stava said that's just part of it. The intention, he said, is to create a place where people can build memories.
“And as beautiful as all the landscaping is, the programming and activities…the relationship people have with these public spaces is about what they get to experience and who they get to experience it with,” Stava said.
School field trips are underway here but the rest of us will get to experience this when it opens sometime this summer.
Making waves! Kady McDermott continued to turn heads as she hit the beach in Ibiza on Friday
She's been enjoying a sun-soaked hen party in Spain.
And Kady McDermott continued to turn heads as she hit the beach in Ibiza on Friday.
The Love Island star, 21, sent temperatures sizzling as she displayed her enviable physique in a khaki corset bikini.
Making the most of her tanned toned legs, the strappy bottoms sat low on her waist, showcasing her slender midriff.
Accentuating her perky posterior, the high-cut bottoms framed her curves perfectly and she teamed them with a caged-effect top.
The piece, with gold-embellished straps, accentuated her ample assets, though surely made for odd tan lines.
Wearing her long raven hair down her back, Kady made a fuss of fiddling with the tie-strings as she enjoyed a walk along the picturesque beach.
Kady shot to fame on the second season of the rebooted show, which first aired in 2005, where she entered late and soon found love with Scott.
The couple, who came third to winners Cara De La Hoyde and Nathan Massey, have remained inseparable ever since after Kady moved to his native Manchester.
Peachy: Accentuating her perky posterior, the high-cut bottoms framed her curves perfectly and she teamed them with a caged-effect top
Proving just how well she's slotted into life as part of the Thomas clan, Kady is an attendee of Caroline's hen do, shortly before she weds Emmerdale's Adam.
The twins are also brother to Coronation Street star Ryan Thomas.
Days before Kady hit the beach, she lashed out at claims Love Island newbie and doppelgänger Amber Davies could steal her ‘pocket rocket' crown.
Taking a stroll: Wearing her long raven hair down her back, Kady made a fuss of fiddling with the tie-strings as she enjoyed a walk along the picturesque beach
She was a late arrival on last year Love Island yet soon made a mark on the villa as the resident ‘pocket rocket'.
So Kady was naturally perturbed by the presence of Amber Davies on the 2017 show, which kicked off on Monday, as she took to Twitter to retweet and respond to messages claiming the Welsh dancer could not steal her crown.
The Kent-born beauty appeared to go through many emotions as she was approached about her apparent doppelgänger, with viewers calling on their petite figures, lengthy brunette locks and naturally pretty features as similarities.
Reality talent: Kady shot to fame on the second season of the rebooted show, which first aired in 2005, where she entered late and soon found love with Scott Thomas
Part of the family: Proving just how well she's slotted into life as part of the Thomas clan, Kady is an attendee of Caroline's hen do, shortly before she weds Emmerdale's Adam
Ensuring her crown stays in place: Days before Kady hit the beach, she lashed out at claims Love Island newbie and doppelgänger Amber Davies could steal her ‘pocket rocket' crown
Since the latest started, Kady admitted the arrival of Amber had left her irked as she insisted she was the original ‘pocket rocket' penning: ‘Omg my mentions are blocking me off twitter they're going mental everyone saying that amber is like me.'
She Retweeted messages reading: ‘Why are people saying Amber is like Kady NO SHE IS NOT. Cute little Kady had waaaay more class!! #loveisland…. I really don't like that they're calling amber pocket rocket… that's @kadymcdermottx thing.'
Another user noted that Amber was noticeably missing Kady's dazzling blue eyes as the Twitter user wrote: ‘And she hasn't got them baby blues. YEAH I SAID IT @ ME'. Having trouble? Wearing her long raven hair down her back, Kady made a fuss of fiddling with the tie-strings as she enjoyed a walk along the picturesque beach
AP
With Dolphins quarterback Ryan Tannehill set for reconstructive knee surgery this week, the next question becomes whether he'll be ready for the 2018 offseason program. Appearing on Monday's PFT Live, Dolphins coach Adam Gase said that Tannehill will indeed be ready to go.
As to the external criticism regarding whether Tannehill should have had surgery in January after partially tearing the ACL in December, Gase initially struggled for a word that could be used on a family program before settling on “dumb” to characterize the scrutiny about the decision not to operate after the initial injury.
Gase addressed a variety of other topics, including the biggest misconception regarding new quarterback Jay Cutler and whether one of the two starting-caliber quarterbacks, Cutler and Matt Moore, can be regarded as “the guy” going forward.
A pair of ospreys have taken up residence and are in the process of building their new home overlooking the newly rehabilitated dam and lake at the Cranbrook park
A pair of ospreys have recently taken up residence at a recently installed repurposed hydro pole in Idlewild Park, and are currently in the process of building their new home. Photo courtesy Pat Hall.
Welcome to the neighborhood, Pandion haliaetus.
A pole set up in Idlewild Park for an osprey nest didn't take long to attract occupants.
A pair of ospreys have taken up residence and are in the process of building their new home overlooking the newly rehabilitated dam and lake at the Cranbrook park, as witnessed by Pat Hall, who provided the photos of the fish-eating bird of prey in the accompanying photos.
The pole and platform was erected last month by BC Hydro crews, and is one of a few projects the Columbia Outdoor School is coordinating as part of the rehabilitation of the area following the construction of a new dam.
The COS worked with BC Hydro to secure a pole that had been replaced and was slated for destruction, finding a place on the north side of the lake for use as a potential — now actual —osprey nest.
The project is part of a number of initiatives identified in a management plan for Joseph Creek that was presented to city council last summer, and was supported through funding from the National Wetland Conservation Fund from the federal government
According to Todd Hebert, Executive Director of the Columbia Outdoor School, here are more projects on the way, and a few that didn't get finished last fall due to winter.
The osprey is a large raptor, reaching more than 60 cm (24 in) in length and 180 cm (71 in) across the wings. It is brown on the upperparts and predominantly greyish on the head and underparts. It's diet consists almost exclusively of fish. Like owls, ospreys' outer toe is reversible, so they can grab prey with two toes in front and two behind — useful when hunting fish.
The osprey is also the second most widely distributed raptor species, after the peregrine falcon.
Canadian ospreys generally spend their winters in South America.
Q: I took advantage of some Cyber Monday sales and paid for them with my rewards credit card. It got me thinking and wondering who is really benefitting from the points I am collecting. When I got the card my intention was to collect enough points to cover my flight and hotels for a two-week vacation in Italy. Four years later and I'm still a long way off from booking the trip. My card has an annual fee of $99 which means I've paid $396 in charges which could have gone towards my trip. I'm frustrated; are these reward credit cards really worthwhile? ~Eric
A: Before I answer your question it's important to understand why reward programs were introduced; the companies behind the reward programs wanted to reward their customers for making purchases with their credit cards or purchasing merchandise in their stores. While the number and the type of programs available today have evolved over the years, they all share one common trait: they encourage you to spend money. In response to your question, reward programs are worthwhile providing you have the right loyalty program and are smart about how you manage your money and the purchases you make.
I've outlined some points below for you to consider that will help you determine the reward program that is right for you. I've also outlined some guidelines to protect you from the downside of reward programs. With this information you should be able to find the reward program that helps you get the most value for your hard-earned money and protects you from overspending.
How to determine which credit card rewards program is right for you
The first step is identifying how you intend to use your credit card. Ask yourself these questions:
– Will it be used for everyday purchases as well as for larger-ticket items and/or for travel?
– Will you use it to pay your monthly bills like insurance, utilities, telephone, etc., or are you careful with how much you spend with your credit card each month and only use it for safety and convenience?
– Do you tend to use different credit cards depending on where you shop or are you more likely to put all of your credit card spending on one card?
The answers to these questions are important as they will help you determine your monthly and annual credit card expenditures, which will in turn help you determine how many reward points you could potentially collect each year.
Tips to Avoid Impulse Spending
Credit cards with annual fees versus those without annual fees
Credit cards with an annual fee will enable you to collect rewards at a faster rate than no-fee credit cards. However, if you're not spending enough on your credit card to offset the cost of the annual fee it may make more sense to use a reward-program credit card with no annual fee even though you won't accumulate as many points for every dollar you spend.
Credit Card Mistakes That Can Ruin Your Credit Rating
What kind of rewards are best for you – travel points, cash-back or merchandise?
The other consideration is what type of rewards are best for you? Is a travel-rewards credit card the best option if it is going to take you years to take advantage of the travel points? Is a rewards card that allows you to purchase gifts and gift cards a better choice? It may be if the items you can purchase are competitively priced in the marketplace and you can accumulate points at a reasonable rate.
A lot of people today are opting out of travel and merchandise reward cards that earn points in favour of cash-back programs where they may receive one to five per cent cash back for every dollar spent on their credit card. In many ways cash is king, as it has the greatest flexibility in terms of what you can spend your rewards on.
My advice here is simple: Do your homework up front and you'll be able to find a rewards credit card that works best for you.
Managing your rewards, loyalty or points credit card
The danger with all credit cards is that it is easy to overspend and turn your wants into needs. Using a rewards credit card can also motivate you to spend more just for the sake of accumulating points and making purchases at potentially higher prices because of the opportunity to accumulate bonus points at different retailers. Regardless if you are using a rewards credit card, a standard credit card, cash or a debit card, you can easily spend beyond your means if you are not managing your expenses with a budget.
Use a budget to keep spending in perspective
A budget will help you to live within your means versus living beyond it. It will also help you decide if the items you are considering purchasing make sense from a value perspective regardless of the rewards you will receive. Avoid the trap of spending first and figuring it out later; your bank account will appreciate it.
Avoid paying 50 per cent more for everything you buy
If you're in the habit of carrying a balance on your credit card you could easily pay up to 50 per cent more for the items you purchase as a result of paying monthly interest charges that typically charge an annual interest rate of 20 per cent. The value of a rewards program quickly evaporates when you factor in interest costs.
Falling behind with payments might mean you lose your points
If you experience an unexpected emergency or a life event like the loss of a job and you fall behind on your credit card payments, not only do you run the risk of having your account turned over for collection, but you will also lose your reward points associated with your credit card; ouch!
Credit cards were never meant to be used to carry a balance. If you're carrying a balance today put your credit card(s) away and work out a plan to get out of debt in a reasonable period of time.
The bottom line on reward credit cards with points and loyalty incentives
Before you decide which rewards credit card is right for you, take the time to fully understand all of the terms associated with the card, the value of the rewards points or cash-back, and how they are earned and redeemed. Too many rewards points attached to credit cards are doing little more than collecting virtual dust (or worse, the points could expire before you use them) because they just don't meet the needs of the user. You're the one spending your hard-earned money to buy goods and services on your credit card and you should be the one to reap the rewards, and that's the bottom line.
Related reading:
Avoid Maxing Out Your Credit Cards – Manage Holiday Stress Effectively
What to Watch Out For with Consolidation Loans
Plan for Christmas and Beyond
Scott Hannah is president of the Credit Counselling Society, a non-profit organization. For more information about managing your money or debt, contact Scott by email, check www.nomoredebts.org or call 1-888-527-8999.
These are not the same counties that are now in Federal Court related to voter registration. These are historically counties with a high number of Democrat and minority voters. Every county election board has a majority of GOP members , because the current Governor is a Republican. The election boards have continued their attempts to make it harder for groups who are likely to vote for Democrats to vote.
Advertisement
A rally held yesterday in Abuja in support of President Muhammadu Buhari's administration was disrupted by over 100 security personnel.
The protesters, comprising young and old people, had converged on the Unity Fountain in Abuja, from where they later marched to the Presidential Villa to register their support for the government of Buhari.
The development underscores the support of many Nigerians the president still enjoys despite the protests against his administration across the country last week over the state of the economy.
The protesters were, however, stopped just before the first gate of the villa by heavily armed security agents who insisted the rally must not go beyond the vicinity of the United Bank for Africa (UBA) where they were forced to stop.
While an argument, which ensued between the conveners and the security personnel lasted for about two hours, more soldiers and armoured police vehicles were drafted to the scene. But this could not deter the protesters as they insisted to be addressed by the authorities in the villa.
Shortly after, they made a return to their takeoff ground at the Unity Fountain where a Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media, Mallam Garba Shehu, addressed them.
Advertisement
Shehu had not completed his solidarity speech when the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, David Babachir Lawal, also arrived at the scene, apologising for the action of the security personnel.
While addressing the rally, Lawal said: “President Buhari will outlive those wishing him dead.”
He attributed the anti-Buhari protests to those who looted the nation dry and are now bent on causing confusion despite the president's efforts to redirect the country on the path of genuine development.
“The government of the day is encouraged by such support from patriotic Nigerians. With such solidarity, the government is being gingered to do more in the interest of all.”
He told the people that Buhari did not anticipate the degree of the current challenges bedeviling the country, expressing optimism that Nigerians would start reaping the full dividends of democracy in every form in a year's time, even as he called for more support for the government to fight corruption to the finish.
The convener of the rally, Moses Abdulahi, described the gathering as the most patriotic stance taken by those present, saying it couldn't have come at a better date.
Abdullahi attributed the current economic hardship to the level of corruption witnessed under the previous administration.
The Turkish Police Academy is providing advanced training to 800 Syrian police officers who will carry out their duties in northwestern Syria's Afrin.
The academy and special forces unit members are training the candidates according to police regulations, general discipline and operational training, such as destroying improvised explosive devices. They are also being trained on how to intervene in social incidents and urban warfare. The training started on May 18 in Turkey and will end on June 8. Following the 21-day training, the personnel will assume their security duties in Afrin, which was liberated earlier this year by the Turkish military and Free Syrian Army from the PKK-affiliated Democratic Union Party (PYD), its armed wing, the People's Protection Units (YPG) and Daesh.
On May 25, a total of 620 Syrian police graduated from the Turkish Police Academy and were later deployed in Afrin. Locals are returning to their homes in Afrin as the Turkey-led operation ensures a safer environment for civilians in the area.
0 Young boy stops traffic to help elderly stranger up the stairs
MILLEDGEVILLE, Ga. -
A young boy's random act of kindness in Milledgeville, Georgia, will bring a smile to your face.
WSBTV viewer Riley Duncan sent a video showing the 8-year-old helping an elderly woman up the stairs.
Duncan said he didn't know the story when he pulled out his camera, but he saw the boy stop traffic, hop out of his car and help the woman -- and he thought it was a moment that deserved to be shared.
He later learned the boy's name -- Maurice Adams Jr.
>> Read more trending news
Maurice was in the car with his mom and sister leaving high school graduation when they saw the woman crossing the road.
His mother, Contricia Hill, said that they began talking about the woman, who was crossing the busy road alone, and her son spoke up.
"He asked, 'Can I go out there and help her up the steps?'" Hill said.
And that's exactly what he did. He held the stranger's arm as she slowly took each stair. At the top, she gave him a hug and the two went on their way.
HIll said she didn't know anyone was filming the moment, but seeing her son's act of kindness on the internet makes her proud.
>> Need something to lift your spirits? Read more uplifting news
"It's touching. It's very touching," she said. "(It just shows) respect and raising your kids right goes a long way."
She said they still don't know who the woman is, but said that the stranger had a short message for Maurice when they reached the top of the steps.
"She told him that he's special," Hill said.
We couldn't agree more.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Livin' in Liverpool: Students kick off summer concerts at Johnson Park
Every now and then we should thank our lucky stars for the many area musicians who keep us all swingin' on a star.
Liverpool is blessed with a virtual orchestra of talented singers and instrumentalists who regularly bless us with their performances.
Dozens of them will be showcased at the 33rd annual Liverpool is The Place Summer Concert Series this year at Johnson Park.
For instance, Liverpool's own Chuck Schiele brings his band the Salt City Chill to the park on Wednesday, June 6. The Chill also features local rock'n'roll legend Todd Hobin, who operates a recording studio a few miles north of here in B'ville.
On July 25, the classic rock band Mid-Life Crisis will include former Liverpool Police Sgt. Mike Manns on bass guitar.
Two local community combos also get the spotlight. On Monday, June 13, the Liverpool Community Chorus will vocalize show tunes and standards. And on Monday, July 2, the Liverpool Community Concert Band will perform a concert of patriotic tunes in honor of Independence Day.
School bands lineup
The free concerts presented by the Liverpool is The Place Committee begin at 7 p.m. Monday, June 4, with music by student jazz ensembles from the Liverpool Central School District.
The scholastic jazz fest invariably draws one of the biggest crowds of the summer series, but inclement weather has interfered with the outdoor show in recent years. This time around, the student jazzers will be protected by a new canopy roof installed last summer. The new roof should also many concerts to continue despite a few drizzly showers.
Anyhow, on June 4, the band lineup kicks off with the Chestnut Hill Middle School Jazz Band under the direction of Brian Tulowiecki, followed by the Liverpool Middle School Jazz Band conducted by Mary DeMauro, the Soule Road Middle School Jazz Band led by Anna Salem, the Liverpool High School Stage Band conducted by Steve Salem. And the concert will climax with the LHS Jazz Ensemble under the direction of Jim Dumas.
Big bands & Beatles
If you enjoy the sound of big bands, Utica's Easy Money Big Band returns to Liverpool on June 20, and the Stock Market Swing Orchestra appears on Aug. 6.
Liverpool's biggest Beatle maniac, Paul Davie, will return to Johnson Park with his BeatleCuse All-Stars on Aug. 13. The Johnson Park Beatles' tribute will be staged more than a month after Davie presents BeatleCuse 2018 headlined by Denny Laine and Eliot Lurie on July 7, at Colloca Estate Winery, 14678 West Bay Road, in Fair Haven; beatlecause.com.
For the past 33 summers, villagers and visitors gather twice weekly at Johnson Park to listen and dance at free outdoor concerts.
The concert series concludes on Aug. 22 with the folk duo Two Feet Short.
Sponsors sought
Since 1985 when the park's amphitheater was constructed, the Liverpool is The Place Committee has staged more than 740 concerts there. The committee, now chaired by village resident Yvette Hewitt, sells popcorn, soda and coffee at the concerts which routinely draw more than 400 music lovers.
Businesses interested in sponsoring a concert this year should contact LITP Secretary Colleen Gunnip at colleen.gunnip@yahoo.com or (315) 652-5029. The LITP Committee is a sub-committee of the Greater Liverpool Chamber of Commerce.
The 2018 concert series is generously supported by a grant administered by CNY Arts and funded by the New York State Council on the Arts to foster the continuing development of local cultural programs.
Last word
“Without the financial support of the local businesses in our community this concert series would not be possible.” — Liverpool Is The Place Secretary Colleen Gunnip
Contact the columnist at russtarby@netscape.net.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Related
Comment on this Story
Mahatma Gandhi always talked about the “consistent search for truth and that “truth is Hindutva”, observed RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat, during a recent interview with two RSS-affiliated publications ‘Organiser' and ‘Panchjanya'.Asked about the attempt to portray two versions of Hindutva — the original Hindutva and an aggressive version of it — Bhagwat observed that they consider Hindutva as only one and what it does is what it means.He had explained the same at the Rashtrodaya Samagam in Meerut recently and said, “If Hindus become more kattar (fundamentalists), it actually means they will be more liberal”.Taking it a step further, Bhagwat said, “In this sense, Mahatma Gandhi was a ‘kattar' Hindu. In one of his writings in ‘Harijan' he declared that he was a ‘Kattar Sanatani Hindu' in the same sense. Now, how to practice and perfect that Hindutva is an individual's decision.“There is no differentiation in Hindutva. You can say someone's understanding of Hindutva is wrong. You can say my interpretation and practice is right and others' is wrong. There is no meaning in saying our Hindutva or their Hindutva. The society collectively will take a call about this and it is doing it now. The larger collective consciousness of society is clear about what is Hindutva,” he said.Defining Hindutva, Bhagwat said that Hindutva is the set of values which we believe in such as satya (truth), ahimsa (non-violence), brahmacharya (consciousness of a higher ideal), ishwara-pranidhana (surrender to almighty) among other things.He further referred to Mahatma Gandhi and other national leaders and said, “Gandhiji also talked about the “consistent search for truth” and that truth is Hindutva. It is the same Hindutva… about which Vivekananda, Subhas Chandra Bose, Gurudev Rabindranath Thakur, Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar etc have spoken about.”The expression of those values depends on the person and the situation. Bhagwat said, “There was no word called ‘Hindu' at the time of Maryada Purushottam Shri Ram, but he is still an icon of Hindutva. The principles that he practised were considered to be ideal and they are now called as Hindutva. On the other hand, Sri Krishna, who in a way broke all the norms of propriety of conduct but still he was following Hindutva.”Bhagwat further observed that Shivaji Maharaj extended respect to Mirza Raja. He was also following the Hindutva, therefore, Hindutva is one and it cannot be different even if one looks at it with different prisms.In his opinion, as there is a growing attraction towards Hindutva, these confusions and distortions are deliberately being created.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Daimler and automotive supplier Robert Bosch will start testing self-driving so-called robo-taxis in the next few months, senior executives told a German weekly.
FRANKFURT: Daimler and automotive supplier Robert Bosch will start testing self-driving so-called robo-taxis in the next few months, senior executives told a German weekly.
Mercedes-Benz owner Daimler and Bosch teamed up last year to develop self-driving cars in an alliance aimed at accelerating the production of robo-taxis, joining a growing number of rivals trying to do the same.
"There will be tested vehicles on the streets in the coming months," Bosch Chief Executive Volkmar Denner told Automobilwoche, without being more specific.
The pact between Daimler, the world's No.1 maker of premium cars and Bosch, the world's No.1 automotive supplier, forms a counterweight to new auto industry players like ride-hailing firms Uber and Didi, which are also working on self-driving cars.
Last month, Alphabet Inc's self-driving unit Waymo said it had begun testing self-driving vehicles in Atlanta, bringing to 25 the total number of U.S. cities in which it is testing.
Technology companies and carmakers are striving to adjust to a shifting landscape in the auto industry as consumers increasingly use smartphones to locate, hail and rent vehicles, rather than going out and buying cars.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Apart from highly autonomous level 3 vehicles we will also bring fully autonomous vehicles - level 4/5 - to the streets in the foreseeable future," Wilko Stark, vice president Daimler and Mercedes-Benz Cars strategy, told Automobilwoche.
A level 3 car still needs a steering wheel and a driver who can take over if the car encounters a problem, while level 4 promises driverless features in dedicated lanes. Full autonomy - known as an "eyes off, brains off" or "level 5" system - does away with even the need for a steering wheel.
"The big difference to other competitors is that we are conceptualising our vehicle as a robo-taxi right from the beginning and not as a technology-kit mounted on a serial vehicle. We will not have a makeshift solution," Stark added.
(Reporting by Christoph Steitz; Editing by Andrew Bolton)
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The dozens of phone call and text messages to Denise Thomas' cell phone started early Friday.
Many individuals wanted to blow off steam regarding GAR girls soccer head coach Roberto Colin, who knelt during the national anthem prior to Wednesday's match at Wilkes-Barre Memorial Stadium.
“I have heard from some parents and non-parents also, just typical citizens,” said Thomas, the Wilkes-Barre Area School Board President. “They've let their feelings known one way or the other. I tried to explain to them what's going on is going on all over this country. Most of them don't like it, but like I said, he has every right to express himself. After we converse, they get it. They get it in the end, but they're very angry.”
Colin, a fourth-year head coach at GAR, has declined comment regarding the inspiration for his silent protest.
According to Thomas, one of the main points made by the people reaching out to her has been how proud they are of the GAR girls soccer players who were standing alongside their kneeling coach.
“I really do want to shake their hands eventually and thank them for standing, and I think that they made a statement also. People are looking at it the wrong way, to me,” Thomas said. “A lot of our kids go through a lot of adversity, but they stood. That's the same with Meyers and Coughlin and Solomon and every other school. Our kids have respect and they stood.”
Former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick first refused to stand during the national anthem last fall as a silent protest against showing “pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color.” Kaepernick later said his protest was misunderstood and that he loves America.
“There hasn't been any real fallout within the halls at our school,” said GAR athletic director Simon Peter. “Again, I'm in the AD's office, so I'm not really privy to some of the dialogue that may have been taking place among our student body. But it's kind of, as you put it ... a split.”
Peter was referencing a recent Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research poll, which stated 52 percent of Americans disapprove of such protests compared with the 31 percent who think the protests are appropriate.
While Colin's protest has stirred up strong emotions, Thomas said there's no need for him to be reprimanded because he's “following through on what he believes in” and exercising his right to free speech.
“He hasn't done anything wrong,” Thomas said. “He hasn't defaced the flag. His actions have not threatened the children at all. He did nothing wrong to be fired. He's doing something that he legally has the right to do.”
Contact the writer:
mbufano@citizensvoice.com
570-821-2060; @CVBufano
click to enlarge
click to enlarge
posted some of his favorite photos ofon Medium , a White House channel, last week. They speak of how much he'll be missed. (In the photo above, he's getting down to the level of Communication Director Jen Psaki's daughter Vivi.)I'll misstoo, come to think of it. He's shown in a super soaker battle with kids at the the vice president's residence.
0 Abandoned church to be demolished after early-morning blaze
PITTSBURGH - An abandoned church in Pittsburgh's Crawford-Roberts neighborhood will be demolished after an intense fire engulfed it early Tuesday morning, officials said.
PHOTOS: Intense fire engulfs abandoned Pittsburgh church
Flames from the fire, which broke out about 3 a.m. at the old Ebenezer Baptist Church at the corner of Miller and Colwell streets, could be seen from several blocks away, including from UPMC Mercy Hospital.
“It was horrible. Plumes of smoke and flames. I didn't want to get any closer. I stood in the door for a minute, and that was it,” neighbor Barbara Stevens said.
Demolition of the building -- now largely caved-in walls and fallen bricks -- is planned for sometime Tuesday.
Officials said a collapse as the fire burned through the church building helped firefighters.
“What helped us a lot was that the fire was so heavily involved that the roof on the main sanctuary collapsed, which actually was a good thing. It gave us good access to put water on the fire,” Deputy Chief Michael Mullen said.
The upstairs walls of the church are now gone. @WPXI pic.twitter.com/EDaoHpycdJ — Mike Holden (@WPXIMikeHolden) April 24, 2018
A ladder truck was used so crews could spray water onto the church and into its bell tower, officials said.
Pittsburgh police officers were put on patrol to monitor embers and make sure they did not cause additional fires in the surrounding area.
No one was inside the old church at the time of the fire, and no one was hurt, officials said.
The fire was brought under control by 4 a.m.
The cause of the fire is under investigation.
TRENDING NOW:
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
LONDON: Max Verstappen apologised to Brazilian Formula One fans on Monday after a comment about Felipe Massa caused offence at the weekend.
The 19-year-old Red Bull driver had accused the Williams veteran of wrecking his best lap in qualifying at the Bahrain Grand Prix and was asked by reporters whether he would be speaking to him.
"Well, he's a Brazilian. So there's not much to discuss," Verstappen had replied.
The Dutchman, who won huge admiration for a stellar drive through the field to third place at a rainswept Interlagos circuit last year, took to Instagram to clarify remarks that went down badly in Brazil.
"Being a passionate racer, I was very disappointed with my last (qualifying) stint and gave an emotional reaction that was taken out of context," he said.
"By no means did I mean to insult the Brazilian people who I greatly respect and are always very nice to me when I visit the country.
"I would like to apologise to any Brazilians that feel offended and look forward to racing in your country again," he added, referencing Brazilian world champions Ayrton Senna, Emerson Fittipaldi and Nelson Piquet.
Massa, the only Brazilian driver on the current starting grid, told UOL Esporte that he had spoken to Verstappen after the race and warned him to "be careful what you say because you're going to have to go to Brazil to race there".
Verstappen crashed out of Sunday's race at the Sakhir circuit after a brake failure.
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Ed Osmond)
Carriers worldwide have gradually added better security, but SS7 does not have any way to verify that carriers sending data requests are who they claim to be. The firewalls increasingly installed by carriers, meanwhile, protect their own customers but typically not people who are roaming on the network, said Engel, the German researcher who first reported the security and privacy risks of SS7.
Despite shaving 28 strokes off their score from their previous match, the Weston High girls gold team lost 227-238 to Joel Barlow on Monday, April 17, at Aspetuck Valley Country Club.
Two Trojans shot in the 50s. Halley Melito led the team this time with a 54. Carolyn Zech shot a 58.
Julia Schroeder finished with a 62 and Abby West had a 64.
Barlow's Molly Healey was the medalist with a 49.
Inglewood's City Council will vote Thursday on an exclusive negotiating agreement with a Clippers-controlled company to use city-owned land to build an arena for the team, according to a copy of the agreement.
The 22 acres where the 18,000- to 20,000-seat arena would be built are across the street from the 298-acre site where Rams owner Stan Kroenke is building a stadium that will house his team and the Chargers.
The Rams aren't involved in the Clippers' arena project, according to a person with direct knowledge of the situation.
The agreement between the Clippers-controlled company and Inglewood will run for 36 months, giving the team time to complete lengthy environmental reviews. The city will receive $1.5-million to defray costs associated with the effort.
The Clippers have a lease with the Anschutz Entertainment Group to play in Staples Center through 2024. An AEG spokesman said the company wasn't aware of the pending agreement with Inglewood.
The Clippers have played at Staples since 1999 after moving from the Sports Arena.
RELATED: Ballmer and Kroenke representatives have discussed bringing Clippers to Inglewood
CAPTION It's the final week of practice for the Chargers in San Diego, before moving the organization to Los Angeles. Quarterback Philip Rivers and tight end Antonio Gates talk about what it means to leave Chargers Park. It's the final week of practice for the Chargers in San Diego, before moving the organization to Los Angeles. Quarterback Philip Rivers and tight end Antonio Gates talk about what it means to leave Chargers Park. CAPTION It's the final week of practice for the Chargers in San Diego, before moving the organization to Los Angeles. Quarterback Philip Rivers and tight end Antonio Gates talk about what it means to leave Chargers Park. It's the final week of practice for the Chargers in San Diego, before moving the organization to Los Angeles. Quarterback Philip Rivers and tight end Antonio Gates talk about what it means to leave Chargers Park. CAPTION Where does Sergio Romo get his personality? He's always been the one bouncing off the walls, his family said. Where does Sergio Romo get his personality? He's always been the one bouncing off the walls, his family said. CAPTION Sergio Romo's family and high school coach reacted to the news that he would join the Los Angeles Dodgers after playing nine seasons for the San Francisco Giants. Sergio Romo's family and high school coach reacted to the news that he would join the Los Angeles Dodgers after playing nine seasons for the San Francisco Giants. CAPTION Growing up in Brawley, Calif. Sergio Romo learned to pitch on a makeshift baseball diamond that his dad built in the backyard. Growing up in Brawley, Calif. Sergio Romo learned to pitch on a makeshift baseball diamond that his dad built in the backyard. CAPTION UCLA guard Lonzo Ball met with the media following an individual workout with the Los Angeles Lakers. The Lakers will make the No. 2 pick in the NBA draft on June 22. UCLA guard Lonzo Ball met with the media following an individual workout with the Los Angeles Lakers. The Lakers will make the No. 2 pick in the NBA draft on June 22.
nathan.fenno@latimes.com
Twitter: @nathanfenno
(Reuters) - West Bromwich Albion must continue to turn up the heat on teams immediately above them, manager Alan Pardew has said, as Premier League's basement club bid to climb out of the relegation zone.
West Brom, who have 20 points from 25 games after three wins, 11 draws and 11 defeats, are three points behind fellow strugglers Swansea City and Saturday's rivals Southampton.
Huddersfield Town, Stoke City, Brighton and Hove Albion and Newcastle United are level on 24 points to occupy the spaces above the drop zone.
“The bottom teams have picked up points and we've gained on those teams in the middle area and made everybody nervous. That's important and we've got to keep doing that,” Pardew told the club's website (www.wba.co.uk).
“Rather than focus on how important it is for Southampton, it's more important for us to keep closing that gap to teams who probably thought they were getting comfortable - and they're certainly not comfortable now.”
West Brom, who appointed Pardew as manager in November after sacking Tony Pulis, ended a dismal league run beating Brighton 2-0 last month for their first victory in 21 games.
They held Everton to a 1-1 draw before a 3-0 defeat at league leaders Manchester City in midweek.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
At Northwest, Brooke Harvey and Brenna Babcock each hit home runs in the Rangers' 5-2 win over Lake-Lehman on Monday in a WVC softball matchup.
Harvey was 2 for 2 with three runs scored. Babcock also had two hits with a pair of RBIs.
Corinna Scoblick, Cassandra Konopki and Hunter Kline each doubled for Lake-Lehman.
Lake-Lehman 001 010 0 — 2
Northwest 201 020 x — 5
2B: Cassandra Konopki (LL), Hunter Kline (LL), Corrina Scoblick (LL).
HR: Brenna Babcock (NW), Brooke Harvey (NW).
Lake-Lehman IP H R ER BB SO
Hogan, LP 6 8 5 4 1 8
Northwest IP H R ER BB SO
Harvey, WP 4 4 2 1 2 0
Cragle 3 0 0 0 0 1
Boys Tennis
At Crestwood, Brandon Krupa, Nick Andrews and Sachin Patel each won singles matches for the Comets, and Crestwood earned a 5-0 sweep against Berwick.
SINGLES: 1. Brandon Krupa (Cre) d. Jake Demler 6-4, 6-3; 2. Nick Andrews (Cre) d. Roopesh Kumar 6-2, 6-3; 3. Sachin Patel (Cre) d. Matt Dalrymple 6-1, 6-1.
DOUBLES: 1. Sam Majdic/Zach Anderson (Cre) d. Ben White/Luis Donayre 7-5, 6-3; 2. Noah Kulp/Scott Mangan (Cre) d. Kyle Pierce/Jared Knorr 6-0, 6-1.
Holy Redeemer 4, Tunkhannock 1
At Tunkhannock, Chris Kocon and Zach Patterson earned singles wins to lead the Royals.
SINGLES: 1. Chris Kocon (HR) d. Lucas Straley (Tunk) 6-2, 2-6, 6-4; 2. Avery Newhart (Tunk) d. Russel Kutish 6-2, 6-1; 3. Zach Patterson (HR) d. Connor Helsel 6-2, 6-3.
DOUBLES: 1. Dominic Marchese/Mark Harrison (HR) d. Alec Greenip/Alex Davis 6-3, 6-2; 2. Joe June/Mike Lyons (HR) d. Alex Keiser/Ethan Hoefert 6-2, 2-6, 10-4.
Wyoming Area 3, Hazleton Area 2
At Wyoming Area, Aaron Lewis was the Warriors' only singles winner, but Wyoming Area picked up two wins in doubles to get by the Cougars.
SINGLES: 1. Chris Kovalik (HA) d. Justin Alder 6-1, 6-1; 2. Drew Gemmell (HA) d. Joey Script 4-6, 7-5, 7-6 (8-3); 3. Aaron Lewis (WA) d. Brett Gemmell 6-4, 4-6, 7-5.
DOUBLES: 1. Alex Chronowski/Jason Mapes (WA) d. Adam Sasche/Blake Gypson 6-1, 3-6, 6-2; 2. Austin Alder/Mike Abromovage (WA) won by forfeit.
Boys Volleyball
At Nanticoke Area, Alec Divers had 23 assists, four aces, three blocks, two kills and two digs in the Trojans' 3-0 win over Coughlin.
Justin Casey added 11 kills and two digs.
Nanticoke Area 25 25 25 — 3 Coughlin 17 12 16 — 0
Crestwood 3, Valley West 2
At Crestwood, Michael Williams had 22 assists and 16 service points, while Hunter Rinehimer added 13 digs and 11 service points in the Comets' win.
Crestwood 25 22 23 29 15 — 3 Valley West 18 25 25 27 12 — 2
Finding God in the Waves: How I lost my faith and found it again through science, by Mike McHargue aka 'Science Mike,'
By Minnie Apolis
This book interested me because it promised that the author had found a way to reconcile science with belief in a higher power. It seems to me that there is more than one way to do so. Mike McHargue has presented the science behind what the brain does when people pray or meditate or just have a strong spiritual thought in a way that can make sense even to the most stubborn doubter.
Hooking up the brain to monitors shows varied activity in different parts of the brain depending on what kind of spiritual thought you are having – are you thinking about an angry, judgmental God, or a forgiving and loving God?
“When you experience God as being primarily angry, this experience shows up in your brain. God becomes highly associated with activity in the amygdala. You have more stress, and you anger more easily. It becomes more difficult for you to forfgive yourself or others, and you become fearful or angry towards those who don't think, look or act like you. . .
“The Loving God affects the brain in ways that are remarkaby different from the Angry God. People who focus on God's love develop thicker, richer gray matter in their prefrontal cortex and anterior cingulate cortex. This development offers them better focus, concentration, compassion and empathy. They have lower stress levels and lower blood pressure, and it's easier for them to fogive themselves and others. Over time, they even show less activity in the amygdala.”[page 157-159]
The book does not jump right into the investigations of what science has found about the brain and faith. McHargue starts off with his childhood as a nerd and inept athlete, the favorite target of bullies. He talks about growing up in the Southern Baptist church, and about how the day his school got computers saved his life academically. After high school, he lived on his own and more or less fell away from attending church until he got serious about the girl he eventually married, Jenny. They attended church together, got married and had a couple kids, and he started to teach Sunday school and play in church music programs.
Life was going along swimmingly for him when a sudden announcement that his father was divorcing his mother shattered his illusion that God kept the world running perfectly well. This event was so shattering that it eventually broke his faith and split him from his family's church.
From there, it was a long road back via helpful friends, books, prayer and patience. And yes, science, too.
Science says that when it comes to brain exercises, or things you can do to keep your brain healthy, prayer or meditation (which register about the same in the brain waves) rank right up there with exercise or reading. “Neuroscientists have found that people who pray regularly have thicker gray matter in their prefrontal cortex (that's your brain's CEO, responsible for focus and willpower) and their anterior cingulate cortex (the part of your brain responsible for compassion and empathy). The heightened activity in these key parts of the brain also reduces the responsiveness of the amygdala (the part of the brain responsible for fear and anger). You could almost say that consistent meditation makes you a better person – more focused, more compassionate, and less likely to be angry or frightened.” [page 176]
The most startling study cited in this book devised a way to communicate with each half of the brain in isolation from the other. The experimenters set up special glasses, monitors and positioning of all these elements so that they could present questions in a way that only half the patient's brain could see it. Since the right temporal cortex does not have the language center (ruling speech), they set out Scrabble tiles on the table in easy reach of the left hand.
With a young man, they flashed the word girlfriend where only his right brain could see it; he spelled out the name of a girl even though he could not say what question he'd been asked. Another student was asked what he wanted to be after graduation. They already knew he had plans to be a draftsman, but the other side of his brain said automobile racer. Another subject was asked what he believed about God. The left brain said he was an atheist, but the right brain said he was a believer. [page 132-133]
What a paradoxical discovery! Maybe we are all struggling to reconcile an atheist left brain with a believing right brain. It is no use trying to ignore one side or the other, because the split will eventually destroy your life if not your sanity.
I think all we can do is try to placate each side of the brain. The left wants to know the why and how of things, so it is helpful to keep taking classes or challenging your intellect in some way. The right wants to know the meaning of things, so it can be kept happy with meditation or with artistic pursuits and music.
Finding God in the Waves: How I lost my faith and found it again through science, Mike McHargue aka 'Science Mike,' Convergent Books an imprint of Crown Publishing Group a division of Penguin Random House LLC, New York, 2016, 274 pages. ISBN 978-1101906040 Autobiography/Personal Memoirs
“Science Mike” is on YouTube, Facebook, Twitter and iTunes, as well as on his website MikeMcHargue.com.
youtube.com/user/mikemchargue
http://religionnews.com/2016/09/19/science-mike-mchargue-christians-arent-stupid-and-atheists-arent-evil/
http://www.penguinrandomhouse.com/books/534592/finding-god-in-the-waves-by-mike-mchargue/9781101906040/
http://www.sltrib.com/opinion/4368292-155/mike-mchargue-i-lost-my-faith
MARAWI CITY, Philippines: The Philippines military said it arrested one of the Maute brothers on Thursday (Jun 15), a senior member of the Islamic State-backed militants it is fighting in a southern city.
Mohammad Noaim Maute was arrested at a checkpoint near the coastal city of Cagayan de Oro just after dawn, said Lt Col Jo-Ar Herrera, a military spokesman.
Two of Mohammad's brothers, Omarkhayam and Abdullah, lead the Maute gang that is at the forefront of a vicious battle with security forces for Marawi City, now in its fourth week.
Marawi is about 100km south of Cagayan de Oro, but it was not clear whether Mohammad was coming from the besieged city.
Most of the other seven Maute brothers, including Omarkhayam and Abdullah, are believed to be in Marawi. Their parents were taken into custody last week in separate cities.
Advertisement
Second, if the decisions are overruled, the opinion will focus on what has always been the Achilles heel of Roe: By what means did a matter that should have been reserved to the states, by reason of the 10th Amendment, get to the Supreme Court?
Truck falls off cliff, 1 dead
1 SHARES Share Tweet
By Malu Cadelina Manar
KIDAPAWAN CITY – A 10-wheeler truck fell off a cliff in Matalam, North Cotabato Sunday, resulting in the death of one passenger and the injuring of another.
Chief Inspector Sunny Leoncito, Matalam police head, identified the fatality as Ryan Cerbo, while the injured was identified as Junie Yap.
Leoncito said the truck driver, identified as Rodrigo Lagumbay, lost control of the vehicle managing a dangerous curve along the road.
Lagumbay, however, insisted the vehicle lost its brakes. Matalam police said he could be charged with reckless imprudence resulting to homicide and frustrated homicide.
Related
comments
Manchester City: The Premier League champions don't need many additions after a phenomenal campaign, but Riyad Mahrez is reportedly on their radar, who is likely to play on either flank
THE PREMIER LEAGUE season is over - but how could every Big Six club line-up on the first day of the 2018/19 campaign?
“Manchester City were crowned Premier League champions in comfortable fashion last season”
Manchester City were crowned champions in comfortable fashion last season, and their Big Six rivals are likely to bring in plenty of reinforcements to try and catch them in 2018/19.
Their neighbours, Manchester United, have been linked with a number of top players already - including Real Madrid ace Gareth Bale and Shakhtar Donetsk midfielder Fred.
Third-place Tottenham have not been as heavily involved in transfer speculation so far, but some reports suggest they could move for Crystal Palace winger Wilfried Zaha and Fulham starlet Ryan Sessegnon - while Liverpool completed the signing of Monaco midfielder Fabinho on Monday.
It was a disappointing campaign for former champions Chelsea who missed out on a place in the top four, yet Maurizio Sarri looks likely to replace Antonio Conte this summer and he could bring some new faces to Stamford Bridge.
Arsenal already have their new boss confirmed, and Unai Emery has recently been linked with moves for Bayer Leverkusen goalkeeper Bernd Leno, Borussia Dortmund defender Sokratis Papastathopoulos and Freiburg starlet Caglar Soyuncu.
So how could every Big Six club line-up on the first day of the 2018/19 Premier League season?
CLICK THROUGH THE GALLERY ABOVE TO HAVE A LOOK.
What happens when an automaker builds a car inspired by the fastest plane in its time? Well, guess what? Here is Rezvani with its newest Beast Alpha X Blackbird, which was made with the phenomenal SR-72 Blackbird aircraft in mind.
This vehicle will not be easy to acquire as the automaker will only produce five of these roadsters. Each one comes with a $225,000 price tag. As early as now, the first ever model has already been reserved by MMA fighter Rampage Jackson, so there are only four left for grabs.
Read Article
President Donald Trump will meet with the families of victims of the Santa Fe High School shooting on a visit to Texas on Thursday, White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said Wednesday.
WASHINGTON: President Donald Trump will meet with the families of victims of the Santa Fe High School shooting on a visit to Texas on Thursday, White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said Wednesday.
Eight students and two teachers were killed at the Santa Fe High School near Houston when a teenage student opened fire in a classroom on May 18.
Advertisement
The president had been previously scheduled to attend campaign fundraisers in Houston and Dallas on Thursday. Sanders said that while in Houston, Trump will meet with victims' families "to personally offer his condolences and support."
After the shootings, Trump said his administration "is determined to do everything in our power to protect our students, secure our schools and do everything we can to keep weapons out of the hands of those who pose a threat to themselves and to others."
The White House reactivated a school-safety commission that was formed after the high school shooting in Parkland, Florida, in February that left 17 dead. Sanders said that the commission is meeting again this week to determine "the best ways forward and how we can do every single thing within our power to protect kids in our schools and to make them feel safe and make their parents feel good about dropping them off."
In March, the administration released a safety plan that, among other things, pledged to provide funds for firearms training for some school personnel.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Trump supports a bill in Congress that would strengthen the federal system that checks the background of gun buyers, but the legislation remains stalled in the Senate.
(Reporting by Steve Holland; writing by David Alexander and James Oliphant; editing by Eric Walsh and Tom Brown)
DUBAI: The Gulf emirate of Dubai on Monday announced plans to build the largest marina in the Middle East and North Africa with 1,400 berths.
The "Dubai Harbour" will also feature a cruise ship port and a terminal that can accommodate 6,000 passengers at a time, a government statement said.
Home to Burj Khalifa, the world's tallest tower, Dubai said the new project will include a 135-metre lighthouse featuring a hotel and observation deck.
The marina will expand Dubai's yacht capacity by around 50 per cent from its current 3,000 berths, the statement said. The project will be located off the upmarket Dubai Marina neighbourhood and next to the man-made Palm Island.
Traditionally a sleepy fishing town, Dubai has evolved into a regional business hub and an attractive tourism destination, thanks to huge investments in luxurious resorts and shopping malls.
Dubai attracted 14 million tourists in 2015.
TRAGIC: A murder investigation has been launched after the death of an England fan last night
The 49-year-old man died following the attack outside the bar in Brixham, Devon.
Police say he was attacked during the England vs Belgium game on June 28, but died of his injuries last night at Derriford Hospital in Devon.
A fight is believed to have broken out after the match outside The Three Elms pub.
There was also a further brawl outside the nearby Crown and Anchor pub.
Volkswagen said on Friday there were no plans at present to change where Czech subsidiary Skoda makes its cars, as it seeks to allay the fears of unions and politicians in the republic about losing work to Germany.
BERLIN: Volkswagen said on Friday there were no plans at present to change where Czech subsidiary Skoda makes its cars, as it seeks to allay the fears of unions and politicians in the republic about losing work to Germany.
Skoda's main union on Thursday threatened to cut back on overtime work if the VW group were to shift output to Germany.
Facing possible cuts in production capacity at home, Volkswagen managers and labor leaders want to benefit from Skoda's success by taking on some of the Czech company's work in Germany and make the lower-cost stablemate pay more for shared technology, company sources have said.
In particular VW workers' representatives are demanding the transfer of some Skoda production to their underused German plants to offset declining output of the VW Passat and ageing Golf that could otherwise threaten more jobs.
"At the present time, no changes (in production) are planned for the Skoda brand," a spokesman at VW's Wolfsburg headquarters said on Friday.
However, tensions between VW's various carmaking brands are expected to rise ahead of a Nov. 17 supervisory board meeting which is due to approve annual investment budgets across the group.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Skoda Chief Executive Bernhard Maier has told staff that the Czech unit would only make use of VW's wider manufacturing network to cope with peaks in demand, according to a letter sent to employees which was seen by Reuters on Friday.
Skoda now ranks as VW's second most profitable car brand behind Porsche and production capacity at its three Czech plants is stretched to the limit.
The company will have to consider raising capacity to be able to meet customer demand, Maier said.
"To meet the large customer interest in our cars, we continue to rely on the effort and flexibility of the entire workforce and the constructive cooperation with the (Czech) KOVO union," he said in the letter to staff.
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
"As a matter of principle, our Czech factories are and will remain first choice," he added.
(Reporting by Andreas Cremer and Jan Schwartz; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
SHERIDAN — Curious to learn more after earning a championship win with Sheridan High School's We the People team, Liam Brown reached out to Judge Shelley Cundiff asking for an internship. After a summer of seeing the guts and glory of the judicial system, Brown went back to complete a year-long internship through Sheridan High School.
Brown's We the People unit researched both national and international judicial systems. Brown wanted to learn more and gain real-world exposure in hopes of securing his thoughts about possibly going into law.
The internship started casually last summer. Brown came into circuit court and helped the clerks create and organize files, and he sat in during court hearings.
With the start of the school year, Brown made the internship official through the school's established internship program. SHS internship coordinator Heidi Richins helps connect students with community partners. Most students, Brown said, intern at Sheridan Memorial Hospital because it's an already-established partnership. He's the first one in the program to intern with the judicial system.
“A lot of that credit goes to Liam,” Richins said. “He was well prepared; he presented himself very well, very well spoken, and he was willing to actually knock on the door so he could talk to Judge Cundiff and say, ‘Are you willing?' It speaks highly of him.”
Seeing the defendants attending trial changed Brown's perspective about the system. He realized no person attending court is “the classic, stone-cold criminal.”
“From an outside perspective, it's pretty easy to judge them,” Brown said.
“It's really interesting when you actually hear their testimony; everyone has a story and you can really empathize with almost everybody who comes through here.”
His chats with judges, attorneys and clerks after trials and hearings proved most beneficial for him in learning about the judicial system.
“I really get a very thorough perspective on (the judicial system),” Brown said.
Brown appreciates the holistic view he receives by participating in each step in the judicial process, from filing to sentencing.
“Learning about the background of the case is really interesting,” Brown said. “When you're watching it go on real-time, you don't know what's all behind it. Talking to Judge Cundiff illuminates a lot of things.”
At the end of it all, the paperwork and busy schedules add uncertainty to Brown's future endeavors. Still, he appreciates the process.
“A very small part of it is being in court and arguing for your client,” Brown said. “But I still think it's really interesting and it's valuable for the community.”
Regardless of career path, the high school senior gained valuable insights into one of the nation's branches of government.
Lady Gaga shared the first image on Monday from her film remake of A Star is Born, also starring and directed by Bradley Cooper.
The classic Hollywood tale of two stars colliding, one whose career is on the upswing and the other's waning, has been made three times previously, most recently in 1976 starring Barbra Streisand and Kris Kristofferson.
Lady Gaga, who will be billed under her real name, Stefani Germanotta, wrote beside the image of herself and Bradley on Instagram: “I am so excited to star in my first movie alongside someone I'm so lucky to call my friend. I always wanted to be an actress on the big screen.”
She added, “The story of ‘A Star is Born' is so special and I'm so grateful to Bradley for making my dream come true.” She signed off by saying: “Can't wait for you to meet Ally. She has her first scene in 5...”
The film marks Cooper's directorial debut and, in addition, he is co-producing the project and co-writing it. He will also play country music legend Jackson Maine who is struggling to keep his career on track. Lady Gaga is a hopeful singer Ally who Jackson not only takes under his wing but also becomes romantically involved with.
Fans in Indio, California for last weekend's Coachella music festival kickoff - at which Lady Gaga was one of the headliners - received an added bonus when they were offered $10 tickets to feature as extras in scenes being filmed at the site for the new film. All proceeds from the sales will go to Lady Gaga's Born This Way Foundation.
A Star is Born is due for release next September.
HENRYETTA, Okla. (AP) - An arrest warrant has been issued in the deaths of a couple found in eastern Oklahoma last year.
Officials say that the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation is seeking 45-year-old Harlon Lee Foss in connection to the deaths of his grandparents, Virgil and Rowena Ingraham of Oklahoma City.
The Muskogee Phoenix reports that the couple's remains were discovered Nov. 21 in McIntosh County. Authorities say no one has seen Foss since the bodies were discovered.
Oklahoma City investigators found bloodstains and blood smears inside the couple's home, where Foss also lived. Authorities also found bloody clothing matching the size of Foss inside the washing machine.
OSBI spokeswoman Jessica Brown says the bureau doesn't have information to locate Foss. The bureau is asking anyone with information of Foss' whereabouts to come forward.
Information from: Muskogee Phoenix, http://www.muskogeephoenix.com
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Morningside football coach Steve Ryan is a believer in team building activities. This summer Ryan and the Mustang seniors went to Colorado to prepare for the new season.
“We want to make playing football at Morningside an incredible life-changing experience and that is not just only on the football field”, said Ryan. “It gives the guys a chance to go on a little adventure and climb a 14,000 foot mountain in Colorado and just do something that a lot of the guys have not done.”
The plan has been working and the Mustangs have become a perennial power. They enter the new season ranked fourth in the pre-season NAIA Poll and are favored to win a seventh straight Great Plains Athletic Conference championship.
The biggest mountain, however, remains unconquered. Despite 13 straight playoff appearances the Mustangs are still in search of their first national championship. A challenging non-conference slate may boost their post season hopes. Morningside hosts NCAA division two Truman State in week three and opens with a visit to Saint Francis of Illinois out of the Mid-States Football Association.
“Many of our runs in the playoffs have come to an end playing Mid-States teams such as Marian and Saint Francis so we feel it is a really important game just to get us going from a physical standpoint”, added Ryan. “Truman State won their conference last year and should have been in the playoffs at 8-3 as a division two team. It will be a real test.”
Trent Solsma returns for his junior season at quarterback. The former Sioux City Heelan standout passed for nearly 3,300 yards and 32 touchdowns in 2016 and star receiver Connor Niles returns after being injured in the 2016 season opener. Niles led the NAIA ranks in all-purpose yards in 2015.
There's been a major breakthrough in a homicide investigation that started more than 15 years ago.
SIMCOE -
Farmers are encountering mounting resistance from the province when it comes to livestock predation claims.
Some producers have gone out of business now that the Ministry of Agriculture and Food is rejecting 20 per cent of claims.
Haldimand-Norfolk MPP Toby Barrett, the Progressive Conservatives' agriculture critic at Queen's Park, raised the issue in the legislature last week.
“One in five claims for predation kills are rejected by your staff,” Barrett told Agriculture Minister Jeff Leal on Dec. 4.
“They don't visit the scene, they're not on the ground, even though you advocate for evidence-based decision-making. It has left livestock owners out in the cold. We hear of cases where a lamb or calf has been carted off by coyotes. There's no evidence. There's no blood. There's no carcass.
“Minister, I want to pin this down: Will you commit to creating a better system to compensate for predator kills? For example, when a coyote eats the evidence?”
Leal replied that he is aware of the problem and is looking into better ways of administering the program.
“When we have a program in place that is not working and is not meeting expectations, we commence a review,” Leal said. “That is the responsible way to conduct public policy in the province of Ontario.”
The Livestock, Poultry and Honey Bee Protection Act entitles farmers to compensation when dogs or wildlife kill their animals.
Under this program, municipalities appoint inspectors to investigate livestock kills and file a report. Municipalities file these reports with the Ministry of Agriculture, which is responsible for providing compensation.
Larry Davis, of Burford, is Brant, Haldimand and Norfolk's representative to the Ontario Federation of Agriculture. He's also a long-serving livestock evaluator in Brant County.
Davis has noticed that it is taking the province longer to process loss claims. He's also noticed that an increasing number of claims are rejected.
A big part of the problem is the increasing strength of the coyote population in southern Ontario. Farmers need to provide evidence that their livestock has been killed. Coyotes, however, are efficient predators and usually leave nothing behind.
“I've talked to farmers who've been left with just a few pieces of hair,” Davis said. “That's not enough to claim compensation. The government is in a tough spot here. The government has to take the word of farmers that their livestock has been attacked.”
While out deer hunting this week, Davis noted six coyote sightings.
Davis spoke of a sheep farmer near Scotland who began the year with 40 head. Thanks to coyote predation, this farmer was able to bring two sheep to market and received compensation for the loss of two others. The remainder disappeared into the coyote food chain, forcing this farmer to find another line of work.
Farmers responding to the demand for free-range chickens and eggs also have been affected.
Foxes, weasels, coyotes and other predators will make short work of free-range poultry if given the opportunity. As with sheep and cattle, predators often leave little or no evidence behind that these birds ever existed.
Compensation for a dead calf ranges from $250 to $500 per animal. Sheep are in the range of $70 to $250.
Davis knows of one farmer who bought two expensive calves for breeding purposes. Coyotes killed both. The farmer is seeking $6,000 per animal but has yet to hear back from the ministry.
“Compensation claims are going back and forth too many times,” Davis said. “They always say they need more evidence. It's frustrating for farmers. They can't wait weeks or months for compensation. It's just not straightforward anymore.”
MSonnenberg@postmedia.com
THE PARENTS of Alfie Evans claim they are giving the toddler mouth-to-mouth resuscitation after losing a bid to send him to Italy for treatment.
Today the High Court ruled Alfie could not be sent to Italy for treatment at the request of lawyers representing his family. His life support was switched off yesterday, but dad Tom Evans says he survived through the night and is still breathing. After the ruling, Tom said he and mum Kate are giving the 23-month old toddler mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. He told reporters: "Both Kate (Alfie's mum) and I had to give him mouth to mouth resuscitation."
ITV CLAIM: Alfie Evans' dad Tom claims he is resuscitating his son
He added: "Now they are saying that he looks really good but we all know he should be in Italy right now." After the ruling, a statement from Alder Hey hospital read: "This evening the High Court again ruled that it is in Alfie's best interests to continue with the end of life care plan developed by the clinical team who have cared for him throughout. "Our top priority therefore remains in ensuring Alfie receives the care he deserves to ensure his comfort, dignity and privacy are maintained throughout. "This includes working closely with Kate and Tom as they spend this precious time together with him.
Alfie Evans in pictures: Heartbreaking photos of Alfie in hospital View the gallery to see Alfie Evans heartbreaking journey in pictures. 1 / 7
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Britain's biggest vehicle maker Jaguar Land Rover said on Wednesday a so-called hard Brexit would cost it 1.2 billion pounds (US$1.59 billion) a year, curtailing its future in the United Kingdom.
EDINBURGH: Britain's biggest vehicle maker Jaguar Land Rover said on Wednesday a so-called hard Brexit would cost it 1.2 billion pounds (US$1.59 billion) a year, curtailing its future in the United Kingdom.
"A bad Brexit deal would cost Jaguar Land Rover more than 1.2 billion pounds in profit each year. As a result, we would have to drastically adjust our spending profile; we have spent around 50 billion pounds in the UK in the past five years - with plans for a further 80 billion pounds more in the next five," JLR's Chief Executive Ralf Speth said, confirming the details of an interview given to the Financial Times.
Advertisement
"This would be in jeopardy should we be faced with the wrong outcome."
(Reporting by Elisabeth O'Leary, editing by G Crosse)
A total of nine persons lost their lives lost their lives in various incidents across Tamilnadu since Saturday night, while over 150 were injured in events connected to new year revelry.
In Chennai alone, two persons killed, it is said. In the first incident, a 19-year-old on a two-wheeler was fatally knocked down by a share auto on a bridge in Mambalam.
In the second incident, a 53-yearold man walking down the road in an inebriated condition was run-over by an unknown vehicle.
Moreover, 120 persons in the city suffered injuries in various incidents related to New Year celebrations.
Reports say that two persons died in Kancheepuram while celebrating the dawn of new year. Two in Karur and Tiruchi too succumbed to road accidents.
In Coimbatore, as per the order of city police commissioner A Amalraj, 22 check points were set up in and around the city in the major roads.
Coimbatore city police have claimed that the new year celebration passed off smoothly in the city without any major incidents. In a novel way to reduce fatal accidents, the police stopped the drunken drivers and asked them to cut new year cake.
Daniel Jeremiah and Bucky Brooks recap the biggest moments from all the exciting action this past week. Have the 49ers found their QB (4:52)? Is the Jags' defense the NFL's gold standard (9:47)? Is Philip Rivers a top three quarterback (22:51)? All that and much more on this edition of Move the Sticks presented by the Ford F-Series.
SHANGHAI: Brazilian midfielder Oscar landed in Shanghai on Monday where the 25-year-old was set to smash the Asian transfer record with a reported 60 million euros (US$63 million) deal with Shanghai SIPG.
Dozens of supporters chanting club songs swarmed the former Chelsea player at the city's Pudong airport.
Oscar's arrival in the Chinese Super League comes ahead of that of Argentina's former Manchester United striker Carlos Tevez, who signed for Shanghai Shenhua in another big-money deal last week.
Tevez's transfer fee was 10.5 million euros, according to the website transfermarkt.com, which tracks dealings in the sport, though the reported two-year contract of 38 million euros per season (US$40 million) makes him the world's highest salaried footballer.
SIPG's general manager on Monday dismissed concerns raised by state media of a market bubble in the super-rich Chinese league, arguing prices have to be higher to attract players away from big European leagues.
"The league is developing so of course it will go through many different stages," Sui Guoyang told AFP, after escorting Oscar through a media scrum.
"I believe that from now on the Chinese Super League will become healthier and more normal," he added.
Some fans put it more bluntly.
"In the end if you do not pay the money then nobody would be willing to come over here," said SIPG supporter Zou Jiahuo.
Oscar will join fellow Brazilian player Hulk who joined SIPG for a reported 55 million euros in July 2016. The pair will be coached by former Tottenham Hotspur and Chelsea manager Andre Villas-Boas.
With the widening alcohol prohibition threatening to impact the country's tourism industry, NITI Aayog CEO Amitabh Kant on Friday said it is not the states' business to decide what a tourist should eat and drink."Indian states can't get into what a tourist wants to eat and drink. Just not possible... what he wants to eat and drink is his individual business and not the states' business," he said at India Economic Summit of the World Economic Forum (WEF) here.He was asked whether states banning beef and alcohol have failed to realise what Dubai did so brilliantly, as the country needs tourists who should be extended every facility they need."I have been a long term believer on couple of things. Tourism is essentially civilisational in character, you can't have garbage and filth and say that we have great heritage sites. So, India must focus on cleanliness. It is number one. Number 2, it is about seamless experience," he said.Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Kerala and Daman have announced plans to bar liquor sales, adding to the list of dry states that includes Gujarat, Bihar, Nagaland and Manipur.The proponents of prohibition maintain India has the highest whiskey sales in the world, leading to a plethora of social ills. Also, they say, drunk driving is a leading cause of road accidents and binge drinking is a big problem in the country.Asked by the moderator if he has told the political leadership about his views on the impact of this prohibition on tourists, he said: "I have said it all the time that for a tourist...it's about creating experiences."In the evening he wants to relax and he wants to chill out and therefore you need to create that evening experience for (him) in terms of Indian culture."
Mandla: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said the promulgation of an ordinance on rape demonstrated his government's determination to act on the issue, but stressed that people had to respect their daughters and make their sons more responsible for an atmosphere of safety.
Modi also pitched for a social movement to ensure the safety of women and girls while addressing a rally. He said, “There is a government in Delhi which listens to your voice and takes decisions.
So, the Centre has made a provision for capital punishment to the monstrous intent,” he said while referring to the recent ordinance.
The Union Cabinet on April 21 approved the ordinance under which the death penalty could be awarded to those convicted of raping girls below 12 years of age, amid a nation-wide outrage over cases of sexual assault and murder of minors in Kathua and Surat and the rape of a teenager in Unnao.
Modi, however, called upon the people to create an atmosphere for the safety of daughters. “Families will have to enhance the honour and respect of daughters.
Families should also make their sons more responsible,” he said, while addressing the National Panchayati Raj Sammelan at Ramnagar in the tribal-dominated Mandla district. “In this way, the safety of daughters would not be a difficult task. We have to launch a social movement in this direction,” he said.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
SCRANTON — A Wilkes-Barre man has been sentenced to nine years in prison for his role in a cocaine-trafficking conspiracy, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office.
Paul Rodriguez, 41, was sentenced Friday after previously pleading guilty to a count of conspiracy to distribute a controlled substance, prosecutors said.
Rodriguez was one of eight people indicted in November 2014 in a conspiracy that imported up to 50 kilograms of cocaine from Puerto Rico for distribution in Northeastern Pennsylvania between January 2013 and November 2014, prosecutors said.
The other defendants in the case have already pleaded guilty, prosecutors said.
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge Pause
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of his wife
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of his wife
1:22 Acapulco Tropical co-owner on opening second Bradenton location
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
0:22 Anti-Donald Trump protesters cross bridge onto Fort Lauderdale Beach
3:46 Clinton: We owe Trump an open mind and the chance to lead
MUMBAI: British-born, New York raised-and-based music producer Karsh Kale says there is no software that can come close to replacing the chemistry between musicians when they come together to create music.
"The years have proven one thing to me -- that there is no software, controllers, loopers, or other gear on this planet that can come close to replacing the chemistry that happens when musicians come together to make music," Kale, who has roots in India, said in a statement.
"The ideas always remain human. I think young artistes need to be less concerned with what gear they are using and more about gaining more human experience," he added.
Kale features in a new episode of Red Bull Music Academy's ‘Studio Science' which looks inside the laboratories of some of the creative minds, offering tips and tricks for aspiring musicians.
The series has featured musicians like Disclosure, Four Tet and Suzanne Ciani.
Now, ‘Studio Science' turns its attention to the tabla star and celebrated multi-instrumentalist Kale, in the episode shot in India.
The episode premieres on Red Bull Music Academy's YouTube channel on Wednesday, and features him alongside the Karsh Kale Collective.
"I love the idea of bringing people into the intimate details of our unique studio approaches and set-ups. Each artiste figures their own way to navigate the infinite possibilities of the studio and Red Bull Music Academy's 'Studio Science' is a great platform to open that door for aspiring artistes and producers," said Kale.
The collective includes guitarist Warren Mendonsa, flute player Ajay Prasanna, Jai Row Kavi on drums, Karan Deshmukh on percussions, Apeksha Dandekar on vocals, Nathan Thomas on bass and Delhi-based live act Shadow and Light (Anindo and Pavithra).
(Source: IANS)
IPOH: A newborn baby, with her umbilical cord still attached, was found abandoned in a paper bag that was hung onto the side mirror of a car.
A man had spotted the paper bag at 12.15am on Wednesday (Jul 4) at Jalan Hospital in Ipoh.
Advertisement
The baby, who was still alive but cold and hungry, is believed to have been left there before 8.30pm on Tuesday.
Ipoh deputy police chief Supt Abdul Rani Alias confirmed the discovery of the baby, who was taken to Raja Permaisuri Bainun Hospital.
This is the second case involving an infant in as many days.
On Tuesday night, a five-month-old boy was found dead at the home of his babysitter in Batu Caves.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Adam Rayqal Mohd Sufi had been reported missing by his parents. His body was later found in the freezer compartment of the refrigerator at the babysitter's house.
SAN FRANCISCO: A decade ago a pair of San Francisco roommates decided to make rent money by using air mattresses to turn their place into a bed-and-breakfast when a conference in the city made hotel rooms scarce.
The brainwave led to the creation of Airbnb, a startup now valued at more than US$30 billion which boasts millions of places to stay in more than 191 countries, from apartments and villas to castles and treehouses.
Advertisement
Here are some key facts about the sharing-economy star, which has sent tremors through the hotel industry:
HUMBLE BEGINNINGS
- In late 2007, with hotel rooms selling out due to a design conference in San Francisco, Brian Chesky and Joe Gebbia decided to make some extra money to help cover the rent in the apartment they share, by using air mattresses to turn it into a bed-and-breakfast.
- A third former roommate of theirs, Nathan Blecharczyk, teams with Chesky and Gebbia in a venture they call "Air Bed and Breakfast," launching a website in August of 2008.
Advertisement
Advertisement
- Struggling to get the business off the ground, the startup founders stage a quirky stunt at the Democratic National Convention in late 2008, selling boxes of cereal custom-branded "Obama-O's" and "Cap'n McCains" for US$40 each - raising enough money to stay afloat, and earning much-needed publicity.
- The startup name is changed in March of 2009 to Airbnb as it envisions being about more than sleeping on air mattresses.
- In April of 2009 Airbnb gets US$600,000 in seed funding from Sequoia Capital after a string of rejections from other venture capitalists.
DISRUPTING AN INDUSTRY
- In 2011, Airbnb boasts of being in 89 countries and of booking more than a million nights' lodgings. The startup becomes a Silicon Valley "unicorn" valued at a billion dollars based on some US$112 million pumped into it by venture capitalists.
- In June of 2012, Airbnb announces that more than 10 million nights of lodging have been booked on its service, with some three-quarters of that business coming from outside the US.
- In 2012, Airbnb is hit with the problem of some guests leaving homes in dismal condition due to parties or other raucous activities. The startup puts in place a million-dollar damage coverage policy as a "Host Guarantee."
- In September of 2016, Airbnb raises funding in a round that values the company at US$30 billion.
- In November of 2016, Airbnb launches Trips, tools that tourists can use to book local offerings or happenings.
GROWTH AND BACKLASH
- Airbnb begins facing trouble as cities and landlords crack down on "hosts" essentially turning homes into hotels.
- In late 2016, Airbnb implements policies aimed at preventing racial discrimination by hosts and creates a permanent team aimed at fighting bias, following growing complaints.
- In early 2017, Airbnb announces plans to double its investment in China, triple its workforce there and change its name to "Aibiying" in Chinese.
- In September of 2017, Airbnb teams with Resy, which becomes a minority shareholder in the new venture, to offer table reservations at 700 restaurants in 16 US cities.
- Airbnb is reported to have made a profit of US$93 million on US$2.6 billion in revenue in the year 2017.
- In 2018, battling a global backlash against "sharing economy" startups disrupting traditional industries, Airbnb is forced to cancel thousands of reservations in Japan to comply with a new law regulating short-term rentals.
Ukraine admitted Wednesday it had staged the murder of anti-Kremlin journalist Arkady Babchenko in order to foil an attempt on his life by Russia, a stunning development in a case that had attracted global headlines.
Less than 24 hours after it was reported that Babchenko had died from three gunshots to the back in the stairwell of his apartment building in an apparent contract-style killing, he appeared alive and well at a press conference in Kiev.
The head of Ukraine's security service Vasyl Grytsak told reporters that his death was faked as part of a “special operation” to pre-empt a real plot to kill him.
“Thanks to this operation we were able to foil a cynical plot and document how the Russian security service was planning for this crime,” Grytsak added.
News of the “death” of the prominent Russian war correspondent and former soldier set off a series of recriminations between Kiev and Moscow, and pictures and flowers had been laid by mourners at the Russian embassy in Kiev.
Ukrainian officials led by Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman had accused Russia of being behind the killing of the Kremlin critic, a charge that Moscow batted back.
“The Ukrainian prime minister is already talking about how it was done by Russian secret services,” Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told reporters. “This fashion of conducting international affairs is very sad.”
– String of killings –
A number of Kremlin critics have been killed in Ukraine in recent years, with one gunned down on a Kiev street in broad daylight and another whose car exploded.
Babchenko, 41, fought in Russia's two Chechen campaigns in the 1990s and early 2000s before becoming a war correspondent and author. He repeatedly said he faced death threats.
He has contributed to a number of media outlets including top opposition newspaper Novaya Gazeta and is an avid blogger, accusing Russian authorities of killing Kremlin critics and unleashing wars in Ukraine, Syria and elsewhere.
He wrote about his experience as a young soldier in the Chechen campaigns in a book published in English under the title “One Soldier's War”.
Babchenko left Russia in February 2017 after receiving threats, living first in the Czech Republic, then in Israel, before moving to Kiev.
He has hosted a programme on the Crimean Tatar TV station ATR for the past year.
Babchenko made a name for himself with his poignant reportages from the frontlines, including the conflict in eastern Ukraine that has killed more than 10,000 people.
In recent years his increasingly bombastic posts pushed the boundaries of good taste and some of his colleagues and followers stopped reading him on Facebook.
EXPAND In a conference room at the L.A. Convention Center, teen girls got to work. Georgia Van Cuylenburg
Whenever VRLA hits the L.A. Convention Center, it brings with it a wave of excitement and anticipation for the future of a nascent medium. Part trade show for virtual reality makers and part fan con for virtual reality users, this weekend's iteration had everything from virtual meditation to a mixed-reality Easter egg hunt. But off the expo floor, inside a small room on an upper level of the convention center, a group of teenage girls in matching T-shirts working on large, powerful computers may have been the most shining example of VR's bright future.
"As girls ourselves, we think it's super important that we're all playing with this fun world," says Georgia Van Cuylenburg, with a hint of an Australian accent in her enthusiastic voice. Van Cuylenberg is a founding member of Girls Makes VR, a program formed through VRLA, which aims to train girls between the ages of 13 and 18 on how to create virtual reality. Girls Make VR launched at last summer's VRLA event and, so far, it has been a success. Van Cuylenberg notes that some of the students here had been a part of that inaugural workshop. This time around, there are a couple young boys in the class too, but really it's designed for female students.
Girls Make VR has a goal: to level the playing field between men and women as the virtual reality industry takes shape. It seems like an ambitious aspiration, but it could be a feasible one. Virtual reality is young, but it's related to several other fields that are well-known for their gender gaps: tech, Hollywood and video games. Last year, the L.A. Times reported on research showing that men in tech made an average of 28.3 percent more than women. Meanwhile, both the entertainment and video game industries have, in recent years, received hefty criticism for a laundry list of sexist practices. But, while VR draws from these industries, it has also become an entity unto itself. Those who work in VR often talk about the possibilities that come along with working in a field that's still so new, for instance how VR can help change society. With that in mind, the industry has an opportunity, perhaps even an obligation, to work toward gender equality now. That's what's happening with VRLA and Girls Make VR.
"We went in with this larger picture in mind, but it was also pretty modest," Christian Falstrup, one of VRLA's producers, says by phone about the Girls Make VR program. "We're like, let's start with an education workshop and see what happens."
So far, both support and demand for the program have been promising. A number of VR-related companies including Unity and Oculus have pitched in to get the class up and running. This session of Girls Makes VR filled up in advance of the class. Van Cuylenberg says that the goal is to turn this into a weekly series of workshops where students can learn various skills that pertain to working in virtual reality.
For now, though, the students are learning Unity, a game engine that can be used to create content for VR. Today's teacher is Sarah Stumbo, a 25-year-old VR/augmented reality evangelist for Unity. Stumbo studied electrical engineering in college before moving into virtual reality. Thanks to a games workshop for women, she connected with Unity and ultimately landed her current gig. For a little more than two hours, she guides the students through the basics of Unity.
EXPAND Gabe Estrada/itBrand.co
They're working on a project called Viking Quest VR with assets found in Unity's store. The students click, drag and scale pre-existing artwork to build a scene for a character named Mini Viking Eric. They give Eric a weapon and a quest. They figure out how to make him move without falling through the ground or tumbling along the site. Eventually, they might learn more about making and animating art themselves or how to code, but, for right now, the focus is on learning how Unity works.
"The class is really an introduction, but a broad introduction," Stumbo says after the session. She notes that youth-oriented classes like this are becoming more common. "I'm super inspired to see so many talented high schoolers, even middler schoolers, who are using Unity, because they are the ones that are going to be building the future. No doubt, this generation of kids will grow up with strong technological skills that they can take with them as they continue their studies and embark on their adult careers."
Jasmine Chau, an 18-year-old high school senior from the South Bay, is part of that future. She joined the Girls Make VR workshop after hearing about it from a teacher. "This experience really helped me narrow down what I want to do in the future," Chau says. She's interested in computer science and may end up majoring in the subject when she goes to college. This was her first time working with Unity, and it could end up playing a part in her future. "I like plugging in stuff and problemsolving," she says. "This is definitely within the realm of things I like to do."
- Advertisement -
Gov. Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo State on Monday commended the army for its support in ensuring security of lives and properties in the state.
The governor gave the commendation in Ibadan while receiving the Chief of Army Staff, Lt.- Gen. Tukur Buratai, who visited him in his office.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Buratai had led other senior army officers to Ibadan for the weeklong Chief of Army Staff Annual Conference.
Ajimobi said that the Nigeria Army had released some of its men to lead a special task force set up by his administration to restore peace and order in the state.
“The state before our assumption of office in 2011 was popularly known as a garrison where brigandage, thuggery and other criminal activities were the order of the day.
“When we assumed office, we set up a special task force known as ‘Operation Burst' which involved the Nigeria Police, Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps and Nigeria Air Force which was led by the Nigerian Army.
“Today, Oyo State is one of the safest states in the country. We want you to help us commend your personnel for their support,” he said.
- Advertisement -
The governor also described Buratai as a worthy leader who epitomises professionalism in status and character.
Earlier, Buratai had said that he was in Ibadan for the COAS Annual Conference where senior officers meet to brainstorm.
“The conference is an annual ritual where top brass of the Nigeria Army gather to brainstorm on what transpired during the year, analyse and focus on activities of the following year,” he said.
He said that the army had chosen the state after considering its strategic importance.
“We are also here to rub minds and interact with stakeholders in the academia, civil society and government functionaries to have a very good background for subsequent years.
“This would help us a lot in terms of training, operations and general administration,” he said.
Buratai acknowledged the support received by the army, hinging this on the cordial working relationship with the state government.
NAN reports that the programme featured exchange of gifts by the governor and the army chief.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — The Hornets say center Cody Zeller has been placed in the NBA's concussion protocol.
There is no timetable for his return.
Zeller took an elbow to the head in the fourth quarter of Charlotte's game against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Saturday night. Zeller will not play Monday night against the Chicago Bulls.
Zeller will begin the process to return once he is deemed symptom-free, per the NBA's concussion policy.
The fourth-year center is averaging 10.7 points, 6.2 rebounds and 1.1 blocks and shooting 59.5 percent from the field — all career highs. Zeller has played in 31 games for Charlotte this season, starting 29.
As the New York Rangers close out their disappointing season, it is easy to see that the squad hitting the ice is quite different than the one that had hoped could compete for a Stanley Cup back in October. Rick Nash, Michael Grabner, J.T. Miller, Nick Holden and former captain Ryan McDonagh are all gone.
Brendan Smith, who looked like a solid second-pair defenseman last year, played so horribly this season, that he's now riding buses in the AHL Ondřej Pavelec came in to back up Henrik Lundqvist, but he injured his knee a few weeks back, and with the ascension of Alexandar Georgiev, it's doubtful he'll suit up for the team again.
A host of new faces are on the team now, but there are still some core guys on the team Ranger fans are used to. But as the Rangers continue to rebuild for the future, one can assume that Rangers management led by General Manager Jeff Gorton is not done making moves.
Ranger fans are still coming to grips seeing players like Nash and Miller in different uniforms, but they should be prepared to say goodbye to a few others. Here are the players most likely to be suiting up in new uniforms when the first puck drops later this fall.
The Castoffs
These four players are almost a lock to not be in New York next year.
As already mentioned, Pavelec was brought in as a reclamation project on a one year deal, and while he wasn't a liability, he also made people miss the days the team had guys like Cam Talbot and Antti Raanta backing up the King. Georgiev looks like the real deal so far in his first NHL games giving the Rangers no incentive to bring Pavelec back, considering Igor Shestyorkin is also due to arrive in just a few seasons.
David Desharnais came here on a prove-it one-year contract to serve as the Rangers third or fourth line center. He has not been flashy, but been a serviceable member of the team. But with Lias Andersson and Filip Chytil looking to make the jump next year, the Rangers will no longer need him.
Two other players who will not be with the Broadway Blueshirts are Paul Carey and Cody McLeod. For these two, both players may not even make an NHL roster next year and were merely spare parts the Rangers will no longer need with a host of prospects coming up.
Kevin Hayes, the Inconsistent Center
Other than the players listed above, perhaps there is no forward more likely to move on than Kevin Hayes. The four-year veteran has had steady statistics through his career, but anyone watches Hayes play will tell you the only thing consistent about his game is how inconsistent he is. One week, Hayes looks like Patrice Bergeron – being able to shut down a first line center while putting up solid offensive numbers. The next week, Hayes looks like a guy with a 12-pound bag of sand anchored to his skates who shouldn't even be dressing.
It's reasons like this why Hayes, who will turn 26 in May, could very well be on another club in 2018-19. Ultimately, he has failed to put up 50 points in any season. Some will argue that letting Hayes walk or trading him after re-signing him would scare off future NCAA free agents. But after four years, that sort of statute of limitations should no longer be a concern.
Hayes may be the most likely core player to leave, but there are two more beloved Rangers who may also face an uncertain future as well.
Chris Kreider, the Enigma
If you needed to add a photo next to the word enigma, Chris Kreider would be a perfect fit. One night he makes a pass like he did against the St. Louis Blues where he channeled his inner Adam Oates. There are other times where Kreider can single-handedly take over a game in a way only a few elite players can do in the NHL. Then he will disappear for the next 12 games and at times look like his night was disturbed by having to appear at a hockey game.
Kreider is one of these players where people keep waiting to see him put it all together, but all of a sudden, we realize he is already past his prime. And at this point, just a month before his 27th birthday, we may be reaching that point with Kreider and that is a shame. It is clear the guy has shown flashes of talent where he could be a 40 goal scorer will never likely reach that level. This is why for a team that is rebuilding and ushering in a new generation, he may be the type of player that gets moved.
Beyond the reasons listed above, Kreider also makes a great example of a player that a general manager on another team will convince himself that he can bring out Kreider's full potential and groom a future All-Star.
Of every veteran player left on the Rangers roster, Kreider would likely yield the biggest return. It would not be out of the question that Kreider could fetch a first round pick and some nice prospects, especially if you consider Rick Nash, who is now considerably older and seeing his skills depreciate brought back that sort of haul when he was traded to Boston last month.
Mats Zuccarello, the Fan Favorite
This one is heartbreaking for every Ranger fan to even think about. You can make a strong argument that Zuccarello is the most beloved Rangers player since Adam Graves. After all, he has won the Steven McDonald Extra Effort Award as voted on by the fans in three of the past four years (and is the odds-on favorite to win this year as well). The only other players to win this award three times are Graves and Ryan Callahan.
Fans should take notice what happened to those other fan favorites. Most fans will recall Callahan being traded in 2013-14 to the Tampa Bay Lightning for Martin St. Louis. And while Graves has remained a big part of the Rangers franchise through his charitable work and frequent alumni appearances, many people do not recall that even he was traded to the San Jose Sharks in 2001. So while the idea of seeing “Hobbit” playing in another jersey is painful to think about, it is ultimately a business.
Zuccarello may still look like a teenager with a face that doesn't seem to age, but he turns 31 later this year and will enter the final year of his contract in 2018-19. There have been many stories written about his close relationships to players like Carl Hagelin, Erik Karlsson and Derek Brassard, so if it does not look like the Rangers are close to contending, you have to consider the possibility he could go to a team like Pittsburgh where he would likely be a perfect fit.
That is why the Rangers have to consider dealing him if they determine that he is unlikely to stay with the team after next year. In fact, if the Rangers are unable to reach some sort of extension with him this summer, I would argue he should be dealt during the offseason.
Seeing players you cheer for blossom from young prospect to veteran stud is never an easy thing. But for a team like the Rangers that is making it known they're about to kick off a new generation of Rangers hockey next year, fans must embrace themselves for more change this summer.
Members of the Calgary Police Service have arrested a local man and are reviewing terabytes of data in connection with the investigation into a social media account that shared inappropriate images and videos of women recorded in Calgary without the subjects' knowledge.
On Monday, police were notified of the CanadaCreep Twitter account that circulated voyeuristic images including photographs and videos recorded under the skirts of women in public.
An investigation into the account was launched and, following a tip from a civilian, a suspect was arrested on Tuesday afternoon.
“A search warrant was executed on a residence in the community of Prestwick (in McKenzie Towne) that resulted in the seizure of multiple computers, storage devices and other electronics," said Staff Sergeant Cory Dayley of the CPS cyber/forensics unit. “Investigators are currently examining multiple terabytes of data seized including hundreds of thousands of images from numerous electronic devices that were seized incident to arrest and throughout the warrant."
Charges are pending against an unnamed 42-year-old Calgarian in connection with voyeurism. The suspect's name will be released once he is formally charged.
“There are six charges right now based on three confirmed offences. They're under the voyeurism section of the criminal code,” explained S/Sgt. Dayley. “We do anticipate, after several more victims came forward today along with the analyzing of the terabytes of data that we have, that we will have more charges forthcoming in the weeks to come.”
“It's extremely disturbing that anyone would think that this isn't across the line or illegal behaviour. I know the public sentiment that we're seeing around this case alone is a lot of people upset about the objectifying of women on this page. Whether their image constitutes us being able to lay a criminal offence, it's still objectification of women and people which is wrong.”
Dayley adds the intiial priority of the investigation is to resolve the cases of the victims that have come forward to allow them closure in a timely fashion. "After that, we'll be consulting with the Crown on the remainder of the evidence where we're unable to identify the victim and look, based on Crown and police cooperation, at laying a global charge for further offences on voyeurism.”
The Twitter account, which had nearly 17,000 followers, has since been removed but police encourage anyone who believes they had their image shared on CanadaCreep to contact the CPS at 403-266-1234.
Senate President, Bukola Saraki, has assured Nigerians that the Petroleum Industry Bill law will be ready before the end of the Eighth National Assembly.
Giving the status of the bill, which has passed through various readings in both chambers of the National Assembly, the senate president declared that “this Eighth National Assembly has taken the bull by the horns. We have been making conscious efforts to ensure that we progress the passage of the law; which has gone through various readings. But, I promise Nigerians that, before the end of this legislative assembly, definitely, the bill will be passed.”
Saraki gave this assurance last Friday night, through his representative, Senator Abdullahi Sabi, at the formal presentation of the International Tourisms Borse Berlin's Golden City-Gate Film Festival award in Germany, which was won by a Nigerian artist and filmmaker, Wilfred Ukpong, with his film, Future World, in the Eco-Tourism category.
Nigerian Ambassador to Germany, Yusuf Maitama Tuggar, who received the award from the organisers of the International Film Festival held in Berlin, on behalf of the artist, formally presented it to him. He was assisted by senator Sabi.
After the screening of the film before the audience, Senator Saraki observed that the message in the film is “quite clear and apt,” noting that “it is an early warning of the impending danger in the Niger Delta,” and advised that “all the stakeholders must take it seriously.”
While presenting the trophy to Ukpong, Tuggar noted that “Future World” is a piece of work that provokes discussions around some of the most topical issues of the day: environmental pollution and climate change, youth employment and migration, energy mix and international trade,” adding that Nigerian government is already taking a good step to finding permanent solutions to the challenges.
Receiving the award, Ukpong, a multidisciplinary artist and filmmaker, said that “the 7-minute film narrative conflates around climate change, environmental pollution, and health-related issues and draws from true-life stories, and regional myths to create a captivating abstract universe pulsing with some of the most profound historical, ecological, and socio-cultural issues of our time.”
Among the guests at the event were Mr. Vice Chairman, Mobil Producing Nigeria Unlimited, Udom Inoyo, Dr. Isaac Thompson Amos, Chairman/CEO of Thompson & Grace Investment Limited, sponsors of the film, Regine Hess, Deputy Head of Mission in German Embassy, Abuja, Mr. Wolfgant Jo Huschert, President of German Film Producers Association, and Director in Thompson & Grace Investment Limited, Mr. Otobong Amos.
SINGAPORE: The overall road safety situation in Singapore improved last year compared to 2015, but accidents involving elderly pedestrians remain a key concern, according to the Singapore Police Force's (SPF) annual road traffic situation report released on Wednesday (Feb 15).
According to the report, the number of fatal accidents occurring on the roads fell from 148 fatal accidents in 2015 to 140 in 2016. The number of fatalities also dropped from 151 in 2015 to 141 in 2016, continuing a downward trend over the past five years.
The fatality rate dropped to its lowest since data collation for the report began 1981. In 2016, the fatality rate was 2.51 per 100,000 persons, down from 2.75 in 2015.
There were also fewer accidents and violations involving speeding. The number of speeding-related accidents decreased by 10 per cent from 1,206 accidents in 2015 to 1,081 in 2016. Similarly, the number of fatal accidents involving speeding also fell by about 16 per cent to 40 accidents in 2016, down from 48 accidents in 2015.
However, the number of elderly pedestrians killed in traffic accidents increased from 23 in 2015 to 28 in 2016. At the same time, the number of accidents involving elderly pedestrians also went up nearly 20 per cent, from 224 in 2015 to 268 in 2016.
Commander of the Traffic Police Sam Tee said the authorities would reach out to more elderly people to educate them on the dangers of the roads and how to use the roads safely. "Similarly, we hope that motorists will do their part to look out for elderly pedestrians," he added.
One recent initiative is the Road Master Test Kit launched last November, which aims to help the elderly gauge their road sense and strengthen their road safety awareness.
From February this year, the test kits will also be made available through dispensers at bus stops in areas with a high concentration of accidents involving elderly pedestrians such as Outram, Bishan and Serangoon.
Despite the overall drop in accidents and fatalities, the traffic police also said it would continue to look into new ways to safeguard all road users.
It will be deploying new Average Speed Cameras (ASCs) - which can detect and compute the average speed of vehicle as it enters and exits the enforcement zone - along the new stretch of Tanah Merah Coast road in the first quarter of 2018.
MUMBAI: Singer Ellie Goulding is reportedly smitten with her new boyfriend Caspar Jopling.
Goulding is getting serious with the art dealer and has been staying more in New York so that she can spend more time with him, reports thesun.co.uk.
"It's a big commitment but Ellie doesn't want to endure a transatlantic romance. She is in the fortunate position where her job enables her to be based in different countries when her schedule isn't packed with promo duties and shows," the source said.
The source added: "Currently it's much easier for her to travel than it is for Caspar, and Ellie is willing to put the work in. Any free time she has is mainly spent in New York and it really helps that she loves spending time there.
"She hasn't moved over full-time as she still has her pad in London but who knows what the future holds?"
(Source: IANS)
Survey Reveals The Best Time Of Day To Have Sex
Trending News: Here's Exactly When You Should Get It On If You Want To Last Longer
Long Story Short
Want to last longer and have a great start to your day? The best time to have sex is at 7:30 a.m.
Long Story
Morning rituals are all the rage these days. From cold showers to morning meditation to pre-work workouts. But what your morning routine might be missing is a good sex sesh, according to a new survey.
The findings come via Forza Supplements, which asked 1,000 people the optimum time for doing certain key activities in their day. The company was able to then come up with a timetable for daily activities and here's what that looks like:
Rise and shine at 6:45 a.m.
Then, at 7:00 a.m. get running and burn those extra calories while your body is still fasting (although that idea has recently come under criticism).
The run will be more of a sprint because by 7:15 a.m. you should be eating breaky.
Now, the fun part. By 7:30 a.m. jump back in bed, or pull your partner into the shower and have a good morning romp. Doing so means you're more rested and have higher testosterone levels, thus you'll be able to last longer in bed. Afterward, you'll have more energy to go about your day.
All finished? Now it's time for work. The participants said a 9:45 a.m. start was best and then a quick break at 10:45 a.m. Must be Europeans.
Lunch time should be at 12:14 p.m., 3:30 p.m. snack attack, 6:00 dinner, 6:10 wine o'clock, 6:30 hit the gym and 10:10 go to bed as that'll help you get right into a good REM sleep cycle.
Now, do I think this is the perfect schedule for everyone? Nope, definitely not. Wine before a workout? WTF!? There's a whole bunch of research saying 16 hours of intermittent fasting is more optimal than an early breakfast, so I don't know about that. And don't even get me started on how busy the gym is at 6:30 p.m or how much people would love to start at 9:45 a.m., but things just don't work that way.
Still, I'll choose to believe that sex in the morning is the best because it's fun and you probably do have more energy than after a long day. So let's just go with that.
Own The Conversation
Ask The Big Question
Is there really a bad time to have sex?
Drop This Fact
Men can burn around 200 calories for every hour they spend having sex.
As their packed schedules and personal lives get the better of them, these celebrities mask their thin figures…
Victoria Beckham, 43
She faced a major backlash for using an ‘underweight' model in her recent eyewear campaign. And we're told the comments hit Victoria hard, as the focus turned to her own svelte figure.
‘Victoria feels like she's been publicly shamed over her use of a super-skinny model, and now she's being criticised over her own figure,' a well-placed source says. ‘She's really struggling to keep the weight on, which is stress-related for her.'
Last year saw the designer ditch her figure-hugging outfits for oversized pieces – a move our source tells us she made to disguise her shrinking frame.
‘Victoria plummeted to her lowest weight for three years,' the insider adds. ‘She's even stopped wearing size 4 jumpers because they are too large. She covers her arms and legs, as they show off her weight loss the most.'
MORE: For all the latest showbiz news
It's no secret the mum-of-four has had body issues. In her 2001 autobiography, she confessed to having an eating disorder after taking advice from ex-Spice Girls bandmate, Geri Horner.
‘I changed from someone who was dieting to lose a bit of weight to being obsessive,' she wrote.
And our insider tells us her current schedule affects her diet. The source adds, ‘She's travelling so much and working late nights, so she's not been eating properly.'
Divorce isn't easy for anyone, and Angelina Jolie is beginning to show the strain from her split with Brad Pitt. Just last year, she shocked fans when she showed off worryingly thin arms at a Netflix premiere. A source close to the mum-of-six tells us she's been taking attention away from her health, in a bid to wrap up the divorce. ‘The stress from her divorce is affecting her and she can't eat properly,' the source says. ‘She's spending hours on the phone a day talking to lawyers and sorting out her finances in the aftermath of the split.'
Ange's svelte frame has caused concern in the past. As a teen, she was hospitalised with anorexia, and in 2007, after the death of her mother, she lost a lot of weight which she put down to ‘stress and grief'.
Just six months after giving birth to her 11-month-old son, Bear, with boyfriend Liam Payne, Cheryl was back in her crop tops, as it was reported she was back to a size 6. But while she claimed it was down to her ‘fortunate' family genes, we can reveal the singer has been putting in overtime in the gym for her big comeback this year. A source tells us, ‘Cheryl has actually been trying to lose weight, as she has a massive year ahead of her with The X Factor and her new album. ‘But she's putting herself under such pressure to be the perfect shape.' Just last week, the singer – who took a three-year break from the music industry to start her family – raised eyebrows when she showed off sunken cheeks in a new L'Oréal ad.
‘Her cheeks looks so hollow… looks like she hadn't eaten in weeks!' one fan commented. And our source tells us it's the ‘lowest' she's been throughout her career. ‘In the last month alone Cheryl's shed 8lb from workout regimes and trying to eat healthier,' the source continues. ‘She's taken it so far that a lot of the clothes that she's been wearing for the past year don't fit.' It comes after Cheryl was spotted covering up in a baggy jacket – a rarity for the mum-of-one, who didn't shy away from parading her post-baby figure in a bikini in August.
Like her style, Cheryl's weight has changed over the years. During her 2015 stint on The X Factor, she sparked concern as she showed off a gaunt figure. And it's this fluctuating weight our insider tells us is worrying her friends.
The source explains, ‘Her weight can go from one extreme to another. Sometimes she will eat lots of sugary things and have fizzy drinks, then not eat enough foods that are high in nutrients.'
0
Before Season 1 has even debuted, Amazon Prime has ordered Tom Clancy's Jack Ryan Season 2. The streaming service will launch the Jack Ryan TV series on August 31st with John Krasinski in the titular role, but it appears they're getting a jump on things by securing Krasinski for a second go-around with the character. This isn't incredibly surprising as Krasinski just became extremely in-demand with the smashing success of his directorial feature A Quiet Place, which has now grossed over $200 million. He's committed to next directing a sci-fi film called Life on Mars, but not before he shoots Jack Ryan Season 2.
Indeed, Amazon announced that not only have they ordered a second season of Jack Ryan, but production will begin this summer in Europe, South America, and the United States for a story that finds the CIA operative confronting “the forces in power in a dangerous, declining democratic regime in South America.”
Season 1 of Jack Ryan will find the character tackling ISIS with a terrorism-focused storyline, but it sounds like co-showrunners Carlton Cuse (LOST) and Graham Roland (Fringe) are switching things up for the eight-episode second season. Cuse and Roland will continue to serve as showrunners, Krasinski will star and executive produce, and Wendell Pierce will reprise his role as James Greer for Jack Ryan Season 2.
The streaming service cites the growth in subscribership after the show's Super Bowl trailer as part of their reasoning for the early renewal, but they no doubt had to consider Krasinski's growing schedule. If they waited to long, he may be unavailable for quite some time. As it is now, Krasinski can shoot Jack Ryan Season 2 this summer while prepping his next directorial effort, then go and shoot that this winter or next spring before the potentially inevitable Jack Ryan Season 3 renewal.
It's a smart business decision, and while I can't say if it's a good or bad thing yet since no one's seen Tom Clancy's Jack Ryan, as a fan of Krasinski's work I'm mighty curious to see what this show is all about. We'll find out when it debuts on August 31st exclusively on Amazon Prime.
Tom Clancy's Jack Ryan is produced by Paramount Television, Skydance Television, and Platinum Dunes. For a complete list of TV renewals and cancellations, check out our TV Lifeline.
There's a new effort to stop a proposed bypass around Muskogee that would impact thousands of people.
VIENNA: Grumpy waiter service is as traditional as apple strudel in Vienna, but a cafe in one of the city's most recognizable landmarks has caused disquiet with what seems to be an Austrian first: charging customers for charging their phones.
Tired of tourists powering up batteries for hours, cafe owner Galina Pokorny has introduced a 1 euro (US$1.06) fee for those who plug in their mobiles for too long.
"Tourists - always electricity, electricity, electricity. Sorry but who is going to pay me for it?" said Pokorny, owner of the Terrassencafe im Hundertwasserhaus - located inside a colorful patchwork of apartments designed by artist and architect Friedensreich Hundertwasser.
Customers who charge up during a 15-minute coffee can still do so for free, she said. An hour, however, is beyond the pale.
"I run a cafe, not an internet cafe," she said, adding that she knew of no other cafes that levy a similar charge.
"It's getting more and more extreme. People come and think everything is accessible and free... You don't even open your eyes in the morning for free."
Pokorny introduced the charge last year, she said, but it gained attention on Wednesday when tabloid Oesterreich published the "bizarre bill" one of its reporters was presented with, featuring the 1 euro charge for "electricity".
The fee also applies to laptops and tablets, and for those using more than one outlet is multiplied by the number of devices plugged in. Disgruntled customers can take some comfort from the fact that wireless internet access is still free.
(Reporting by Francois Murphy; editing by John Stonestreet)
Sudanese security agents have arrested the deputy head of the country's main opposition Umma Party after it held anti-government rallies to protest rising food prices, the party said on Friday.
Sporadic demonstrations have hit Khartoum and some other parts of Sudan since early January after prices of food, notably bread, more than doubled following a jump in the cost of flour.
Agents of the country's powerful National Intelligence and Security Service (NISS) detained senior Umma official Fadlalla Burma Nasir at his home late on Thursday, the party said.
Umma party is headed by former premier Sadiq al-Mahdi, whose civilian government was overthrown in the 1989 Islamist-backed coup that brought President Omar al-Bashir to power.
Nasir, a retired major general and former armed forces chief of staff, was the defence minister in Mahdi's government.
“We strongly condemn the arrest of our leader and other detainees,” the party said in a statement.
“We demand that they be immediately released or put on trial.”
In a separate incident on Thursday, several opposition activists were also arrested as they held a meeting in a Khartoum suburb, an opposition statement said.
Opposition leaders Kamal Ismail and Mohamed al-Hafiz were among those arrested by NISS agents who raided the meeting, the statement said.
Umma Party and other opposition groups have regularly called for anti-government demonstrations after food prices shot up in January.
So far the demonstrations have been swiftly crushed by anti-riot policemen and plainclothes security agents. Police have fired tear gas to break up the protests.
European embassies in Sudan have urged Khartoum to release all detainees.
“The ambassadors…are very concerned by the prolonged detention without charge or trial of a large number of political leaders, human rights activists and other citizens,” a statement said Wednesday.
The EU states urged Khartoum to ensure that the detainees “are not mistreated”.
Among those still held is Mokhtar al-Khatib, chief of Sudan Communist Party.
Similar protests hit Sudan in late 2016 after the government cut fuel subsidies.
The authorities cracked down on those protests to prevent a repeat of the deadly unrest that followed an earlier round of subsidy cuts in 2013.
Right groups say dozens of people were killed when security forces crushed the 2013 demonstrations, drawing international condemnation.
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) says seven political parties have been cleared to participate in the Ibarapa State Constituency by-election billed for Saturday.
Mr Mutiu Agboke, the Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC) in Oyo State, disclosed this in Eruwa on Wednesday at a stakeholders meeting on the by-election.
According to Agboke, the parties are Accord Party, Peoples Democratic Party, All Progressives Congress and Fresh Democratic Party.
Others, he said, are Hope Democratic Party, Nigerian Peoples Congress and Mega Party of Nigeria.
He further disclosed that the by-election would be conducted in 140 polling units across the 10 registration areas in the constituency.
The REC stated that the commission had recruited and trained 610 officials for the poll.
”The figure comprised of both permanent staff of INEC and adhoc officials with corps members to be deployed as presiding officers at polling units.
”Smart Card Readers (SCRs) will be used and we are confident about the efficient services of the card readers; but manual accreditation would not be discouraged when necessary.
”The election period is between 8am and 2pm and there will be restriction of vehicular movement in the constituency throughout the election period,'' he stated.
Agboke assured residents of the area that the commission would conduct a transparent, free, fair and credible by-election.
He enjoined voters in the area to exercise their civic duty by turning out to elect someone who would represent them in the state House of Assembly.
Agboke also said there would be adequate security before, during and after the election, adding that security agents and the commission had perfected plans to ensure protection of lives and election materials.
The traditional ruler of Eruwa, Oba Samuel Adegbola, implored all eligible voters in the area to participate in the election.
The monarch warned the people against hooliganism and violence during and after the poll.
The by-election was to fill the vacant seat created by the death of Michael Adeyemo who had represented the constituency.
Dr Kabir Kabo, Director-General of the Centre for Management Development, on Friday in Abuja advised the federal and state governments to allocate at least one per cent of their annual budgets to manpower training for rapid national development.
Kabo said at a valedictory news conference in Abuja that Nigeria needed to meet up with the global standards in manpower training and development through a knowledge-based economy that would also fast track the implementation of the National Economic Recovery and Growth agenda.
He said: “We need to think globally and act locally to move the country ahead and catch up with the global standard.”
Kabo, whose eight-year tenure of office at the centre would end on February 15, said it was absurd that the country had no definite national training policy which had adversely affected the system.
He, however, said the promotion of a knowledge-based economy through effective management and manpower training was a catalyst for sustainable growth.
The director-general said there was need to review the law that set up the CMD to achieve and set the benchmarks and standards for management and manpower training needs of the country.
Kabo, who is the seventh director-general of the organisation, said it needed support from its stakeholders, especially effective funding of its activities to contribute to national growth.
He announced that the centre had established six zonal offices and addressed various staff welfare matters in addition to promoting over 800 members of staff since his appointment in 2010.
Kabo announced that the centre had reclaimed its parcel of land earlier lost due to lack of funds for development in Abuja, adding that additional plots were also secured for projects in Gombe, Jigawa and Kano.
According to him, the CMD has revamped its website and recorded only two cases of staff discipline but without dismissal since 2010.
CMD, a parastatal agency of the Ministry of Budget and National Planning, was established to drive the vision, plans and training programmes of Federal Government.
It is currently involved in the regulation of standards, development of managerial manpower for the country and a broad range of skills to enhance quality of management and leadership for attainment of national economic goals.
TEXAS: An investigation into a reported burglary in Houston on Tuesday (Jun 13) ended with police seizing US$1 million worth of methamphetamine-laced lollipops weighing more than 270kg.
The Harris Country Sheriff's Office posted pictures of the haul of colourful candy on its Facebook page saying "it was intended to be distributed among children and/or sold to juveniles."
Some of the sweets were shaped like Batman and Starwars figures.
According to the Harris County Sheriff's Office, a concerned neighbour called police on Monday to report a break-in. Upon arriving at the scene, officers saw a male and female removing the lollipops from the home.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"They had so many narcotics in their vehicle they couldn't close the back hatch of their car," Lt. Ruben Diaz said during a press conference Tuesday.
"It was evident they were making these in the kitchen," he added.
The Philadelphia Eagles will go up against the New England Patriots in the 52nd Super Bowl this coming Sunday, but while some people tune in for the football, the rest of us tune in for the halftime show, the game-day parties, and — of course — the ads.
Super Bowl Sunday is almost as well-known for the broadcast of star-studded, multi-million-dollar advertisements from dozens of the world's largest brands as it is for the game itself.
To stir up buzz ahead of the game, many of those ads are often released ahead of time on YouTube.
If you can't wait until tomorrow, here's a roundup of all the ads that have been released so far:
Danny DeVito takes a starring role as the red M&M in M&M's Super Bowl ad, titled “Human.”
WATCH: Danny DeVito stars in M&M's 2018 Super Bowl Ad
Several celebrities, including Rebel Wilson and Gordon Ramsey, come to the rescue when Alexa loses her voice in Amazon's Super Bowl ad:
WATCH: Amazon promotes digital assistant Alexa in 2018 Super Bowl ad
Game of Thrones‘ Peter Dinklage and veteran actor Morgan Freeman discover their musical sides in back-to-back spots for Doritos and Mountain Dew:
WATCH: Doritos and Mountain Dew Super Bowl ad features Peter Dinklage and Morgan Freeman
Sprint capitalizes on the artificial intelligence trend as it pokes fun at Verizon in this high-tech game-day spot. Verizon has yet to release their ad, though one will be aired during the game.
WATCH: Sprint pokes fun at Verizon in 2018 Super Bowl ad
Coca-Cola is a regular presence on Super Bowl Sunday, and brings its A-game this year with a message of diversity:
Chris Pratt appears in two ads for beer brand Michelob Ultra, and is joined in the second spot by athletes Brooks Koepka, Kelly Slater and Shalane Flanagan. He wrote on Instagram in 2015 that he had ditched beer to train for his 2015 role in the film Jurassic World.
Budweiser's ads have made regular appearances on Super Bowl Sunday for years, though the brand takes a more humanitarian approach this year with a spot that depicts the beer company providing clean water to victims of last year's many natural disasters.
In Squarespace's fifth consecutive game-day spot, action star Keanu Reeves performs stunts on a motorbike to promote the website he hosts on Squarespace for his motorcycle company.
Former quarterback Peyton Manning takes on the role of “vacation quarterback” in this advertisement for Universal Parks and Resorts. According to Quartz, the version posted to YouTube is an extended version of the game-day spot.
See the rest of the released Super Bowl advertisements below:
Lexus:
Wix:
Groupon:
Pepsi:
Febreze:
Pringles:
WATCH: Pringles brings Bill Hader on board for its first ever Super Bowl ad
WeatherTech:
Toyota:
Hyndai (Teaser):
Until recently, Canadians watching the game on local channels weren't able to view the advertisements aired during the game because of a practice called simultaneous substitution (simsub), which sees big-budget American ads replaced with Canadian ads throughout the game, reports Canadian tech news site MobileSyrup.
Since the CRTC banned the practice last year, however, Canadians will be able to view the original advertisements for a second year in a row.
CTV London
A young Perth County girl has received a special award after saving her brothers from a house fire.
Hannah Sims was 11 years old and babysitting her two younger brothers when a radio in their house caught fire.
Sims took her brothers outside, to a spot that had been set by their family as an emergency meeting place.
By the time firefighters arrived, much of the house was full of smoke. According to Perth East fire chief Bill Hunter, Sims' actions saved the lives of her and her brothers.
Sims, now 12, was honoured Thursday with the Fire Chief's Commendation. She is the first person in Perth East to receive that award.
“Too often, we hear of fires where people didn't know what to do or simply panicked,” Hunter said in a press release.
“Hannah knew exactly what she needed to do, and did it.”
In a special ceremony, she was presented with a commendation coin and a framed certificate.
This photo taken on Sunday, Feb. 19, 2017, shows an open session of the Iranian parliament in Tehran, Iran. (Photo: Vahid Salemi / AP)
Tehran, Iran — Iran's parliament has voted to end the death penalty for certain drug violations in a move that could prevent some 5,000 convicted smugglers from being executed.
The semi-official ISNA news agency says a majority of lawmakers voted Sunday to amend the law so that only drug kingpins, armed dealers and those convicted of smuggling more than 50 kilograms (110 pounds) of opium or two kilograms of heroin would face the death penalty. Lesser violations would be punishable by up to 30 years in prison.
The president and a constitutional watchdog are expected to sign the changes into law.
The law previously prescribed the death penalty for smuggling 20 kilograms of opium or 30 grams of heroin.
Iran is among the world's leading executioners, and has faced criticism from rights groups.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2uDBqJh
SYDNEY: Australia is set for its first gay divorce days after a historic marriage equality law came into effect, with lawyers preparing to file papers for a woman caught in legal limbo after marrying at a foreign consulate.
Following a parliamentary vote in favour of a landmark gay marriage bill last week, couples wanting to wed were able to begin lodging their notice to marry on Saturday (Dec 9), while those married overseas saw their unions recognised in Australian law - opening the way for divorce.
Solicitor Maria Loukas said Monday she was preparing divorce papers for a client who married in a European country's consulate in Western Australia in 2015, but was unable to divorce after separating from her partner because she was not a resident of that nation.
"For her it's been about not being able to move on with her life," Loukas told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
"It's been about not being able to tidy up the end of something to be able to start fresh somewhere else," the solicitor added. "She's been held back in many ways."
Australia's historic gay marriage reforms passed Canberra's 150-seat lower House of Representatives on Thursday when all but four MPs voted in support of marriage equality.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Following a decade of heated debate the bill was introduced in parliament by the conservative government after Australians last month overwhelmingly endorsed the reforms in a controversial postal vote.
Nearly 80 per cent of eligible voters took part in the poll, and almost 62 per cent of the 12.7 million people who participated chose "yes" on their ballots.
Same-sex marriage is now recognised in more than 20 countries, of which 16 are in Europe.
MMA fighter Conor McGregor switched to the boxing ring to make one of the richest professional fights in history possible and now Floyd Mayweather hints he might return the favour.
Mayweather, who hasn't fought since knocking out McGregor in that boxing match last year, teased fans Friday night by posting a picture on his Twitter page of himself wearing mixed martial arts gloves and standing in an UFC cage.
“Billion Dollar Man,” Mayweather said in the tweet.
Mayweather and McGregor's cross-combat fight in August failed to live up to the hype in the ring as veteran Mayweather easily outpunched the inexperienced McGregor, but it did well at the box office.
The contest generated 4.3 million pay-per-view buys in North America, trailing only Mayweather's 2015 world title boxing match with Filipino Manny Pacquiao that generated 4.6 million buys and earned $600 million.
It is the second time this week Mayweather has teased his fans with the idea. Earlier this week he posted video on Twitter and Instagram of himself shadow boxing in a cage.
He said “Come at the king, you best not miss…”
Mayweather's August fight with the Irishman was supposed to be his last as it secured his perfect 50-0 record. But the American has retired several times only to negotiate “comeback” fights for bigger paydays.
Today at the Gramercy Theater in NYC, Spotify's Chief R&D Officer Gustav Söderström announced a brand new free version of the Spotify mobile app.
By leveraging their investment in machine learning, Spotify's new free tier recommends music to users on the fly. That said, the free tier has always limited users to shuffle. With the new version, users can listen on-demand to whatever song they want, as many times as they want, as long as those songs appear on one of the 15 personalized discovery playlists like Daily Mix, Discover Weekly, Release Radar or Today's Top Hits.
In total, that's around 750 tracks (>40 hours of music) that Spotify is serving up to users for on-demand listening.
Spotify will also make recommendations in the free mobile version based on existing user-made playlists, from the songs on those playlists to the name of the playlist itself. The company is calling this “assisted playlisting,” which essentially means that each time you search for a song to add to a playlist, Spotify will make recommendations similar to it as well.
Finally, Spotify has built in a low-data mode (called data saver) that cuts data consumption by up to 75 percent. In the past, Spotify didn't allow offline listening for free, meaning that users were somewhat tethered to wifi if they needed to conserve data.
With the new data consumption system, which caches music ahead of time to stream via 3G, users can actually listen to much more music with wireless data. Alongside utilizing 3G, Spotify is also optimizing the streaming itself as well as the app (including imagery and other UI elements) to save data and power.
All that said, advertisements will still run on the free tier of Spotify. Which is part of the company's strategy not only for funding a free tier but for converting users to premium.
In 2014, Spotify introduced its free tier to mobile, letting users listen to their playlists on shuffle with ads. It was a huge part of Spotify's free-tier growth. In fact, today Spotify has 90 million users on the free tier. And many of those convert to paid users — the company now has 70 million paid subscribers.
“If you're on a date listening to music, you're not going to want an ad to come on,” said Spotify's Global Head of Creator Services Troy Carter.
The company has focused heavily on mobile since 2014, especially where it concerns the premium mobile player.
Spotify is built upon three tiers: ubiquity, personalization and freemium. Söderström explained that Spotify thinks of itself as the broadcast radio of the 90s, where discovery of great music was supported by ads and drove people to the record stores.
Spotify's free tier represents broadcast radio for Spotify, and is a critical piece of Spotify's overall strategy as paid services like Apple Music continue to grow.
Niagara-on-the-Lake councillors had a change of heart this week and approved most of the items requested by the Communities in Bloom committee for an upcoming international competition on the enhancement of green spaces.
Last week, councillors turned down the committee's request of $77,000 for enhanced floral displays and extra staffing, saying it was too expensive and it should have been discussed before the 2017 budget was finalized in December.
However, on Monday, council agreed to spend $60,000 on hanging baskets, Christmas decorations and an additional parks labourer from the parking reserve budget.
Flags and banners, at a cost of $8,000, and a special events co-ordinator position budgeted at $9,000 were rejected.
Coun. Betty Disero told council that a lot of the work on enhancing the town's green spaces is done by volunteers and much of the plant materials and other gardening supplies are donated by local businesses. Some examples she cited are the planting of 600 saplings and two large pollinator gardens, painting of garbage cans by students and a “SWAT” team that cleans up overgrown areas.
She said the local Canada sesquicentennial committee would be putting up its flags so it wouldn't be necessary for the Communities in Bloom to put up their own and a few residents have volunteered to take on the special events co-ordinator's duties.
“The (town) staff have been so tremendous and overworked to make expansions … so we could win the Communities in Bloom,” Disero said, referring to the high score the town achieved at the 2016 Canadian competition.
The evaluation of a five-bloom silver rating at the national level allowed the town the opportunity to compete internationally this year.
Coun. Jim Collard said the town currently has $450,000 in the parking reserve fund. He made a motion that the money spent on the Communities in Bloom program be reimbursed to the parking reserve after the surplus is calculated this spring.
His motion passed, but some councillors said that maintenance of the displays for Communities in Bloom should be in the operating budget or discretionary grants in the future years.
Registration for the international competition is due this month with the judging to take place in July.
The National Accountability Bureau (NAB) came under criticism at the Supreme Court and in the Accountability court in Quetta on Monday for misuse of powers.
In the Supreme Court, the two member bench headed by Justice Azmat Saeed said NAB was misusing the law about Plea Bargain. During the hearing of the suo moto case, Justice Sheikh Azmat Saeed remarked that NAB is become a facilitator of corruption.
Justice Sheikh Azmat Saeed dressed down the NAB saying the bureau is ridiculing the law as a 'corruption facilitator' because the man who is charged with corruption worth Rs.250 is imprisoned compared with the other who enjoys plea bargain and voluntarily returns for corruption of billions.
“Why does not the NAB get a ‘Corruption Kar Lo Aur Kara Lo' advertisement published in newspapers?, he remarked.
How can a public servant remain on the government post after admitting his crime, he asked.
The Supreme Court directed the Attorney General to present government's stance on National Accountability Bureau's (NAB) law regarding plea bargain (voluntary return deal) that allows people guilty of corruption to pay a certain portion of the embezzled money and be released without any punishment.
NAB's counsel argued that the law regarding voluntary return of the embezzled money was not made by the accountability watchdog.
Attorney General for Pakistan told the court a committee headed by Law Minister was reviewing the provisions of Voluntary Returns. The court while asking the AGP to file government response on the VR , adjourned the hearing for two weeks.
Meanwhile in Quetta, the Accountability Court rejected a request by the NAB about plea bargain by former Provincial Secretary Mushtaq Raisani. The court returned the application with remarks.
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican Pause
0:33 The Pittsburgh Pirates begin spring training workouts at Pirate City
2:03 Commission holds a brain-storming session to discuss heroin epidemic
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
1:37 Oscar-winning actress Geena Davis speaks in Sarasota
3:03 The importance of river restoration in the Everglades
1:53 Legoland surprise for one generous 8-year old
1:08 Council's, historic burger joint in downtown Bradenton, reopens for business
0:35 Couples say 'I do' on Valentine's Day
AP
Dolphins running back Kenyan Drake has seen more work of late with Jay Ajayi in the concussion protocol, but a hit at Monday's practice may have Drake joining Ajayi on the sideline.
Adam Beasley of the Miami Herald reports that Drake was “on the receiving end of a flush, helmet-to-helmet hit” from cornerback Torry McTyer during the session. He remained down on the ground for a while before making his way to the sideline with the help of a member of the training staff.
Coach Adam Gase said there was no update on Drake's condition after practice came to an end. He also said that there continue to be no plans to change the way practices are run.
“It's football,” Gase said. “That's why they have pads on.”
Ajayi has gotten cleared to return to practice, but has not gotten the final clearance from the protocol that would allow him to play in a game. Damien Williams, Storm Johnson, Senorise Perry and De'Veon Smith are the other running backs on the Miami roster.
WILKES-BARRE — They have reached the point in the season where how teams respond to adversity can affect whether or not they will be playing past Week 11, or in some instances assure themselves at least one home playoff game.
That was the case for Coughlin and Meyers on Friday night with both teams coming off a loss a week earlier. Coughlin responded quite well, scoring on offense and defense while using a special teams play to set up another score in a 35-7 victory at Wilkes-Barre Memorial Stadium.
“We lost last week, now we have to steer the ship in the right direction,” Coughlin coach Ciro Cinti said after his team rebounded from a loss to Berwick last week.
“It is a good way to go into next week with a victory. The line blocked well, it was a total team effort.”
While the Crusaders answered the bell, Meyers continued to struggle on the offensive side of the ball. The Mohawks had five possessions in the first half and two of them began with a penalty. Another saw an interception returned for a touchdown. Meyers has been outscored 77-7 in its last two games.
“We were always behind the sticks,” Meyers coach Jeff Labatch said. “(Coughlin) is a physical team. They just beat us up. We have a lot of work to do.”
Jake Cole put the Crusaders up 6-0 following a 15-yard touchdown run in the first quarter. In the second, Coughlin's Gavin Baranski fell on a fumbled punt to set up a Vincent Todd 1-yard touchdown run. Defensive lineman Jervone Young added two points for Coughlin when he sacked Meyers quarterback Janssen Wilborn in the end zone. Coughlin made it 27-0 late in the first half when Todd returned an interception 37 yards for a score.
Meyers struggled moving the ball with any type of consistency and finished the first half with 89 yards of total offense, 43 of them coming on the ground. Cole finished the night with 116 yards rushing with all but 44 coming in the first half.
“The kids really came to play and they played hard,” Cinti said. “All facets of the game were good and that is what we wanted. Jake Cole ran like a bear, some of the cuts he makes. He really gave 100 percent.”
Coughlin improved to 4-3 on the year, while the Mohawks slipped to 4-3. Both teams are in contention for the district playoffs, Coughlin in Class 4A and Meyers in 3A. The important part heading down the stretch is seeding.
“We are getting down to the finish line,” Cinti said. “We have Williamsport, Pittston Area and Valley West. Now is the time we have to make our run to the playoffs.”
Contact the writer:
sbennett@citizensvoice.com:
570-821-2062;
@CVSteveBennett on Twitter
Fancy bringing us the choccy, Aston?!
For Aston Merrygold, the Strictly magic never ends.
Whilst the ballroom disco ball has stopped momentarily spinning, the JLS ‘fella keeps on moving- and he's certainly building up his dance floor skills…
Almost time watch tonight from 645 BBC 1.. Don't be late 🕺🏽💃@bbcstrictly A post shared by AM (@astonmerrygold) on Sep 30, 2017 at 8:40am PDT
The father-to-be has taken to social media to share a video of himself tending to his pregnant girlfriend Sarah Richards– who had a craving for some chocolate the other evening.
See: Strictly chaos! Aston Merrygold ‘left mortified' after he DROPS partner Janette Manrara on her head during rehearsals
As Aston fetches his lady the chocolate, he decides that walking is just so pre-Strictly… and instead walks on his hands to grab the treats. He then returns (still on his hands) holding the chocolate in his mouth.
Aston captions the super impressive video: ‘Incase u wonder what happens in our house? When mummy wants the chocolate daddy gets the chocolate @sarahlourichards #yesihadhadwine#handstandforthechocolate #mummywantsthechocolate@cadburyuk #haveagooddayeveryone'.
Check out these skills…
Incase u wonder what happens in our house? When mummy wants the chocolate daddy gets the chocolate 💪🏽😂🍫🍫🍫 @sarahlourichards #yesihadhadwine #handstandforthechocolate #mummywantsthechocolate @cadburyuk #haveagooddayeveryone A post shared by AM (@astonmerrygold) on Oct 6, 2017 at 12:33am PDT
Fans have been quick to comment on Aston‘s ever-growing skill range- with comments reading messages such as ‘How funny is this brightened up my day', ‘This is why I love you' and ‘Love this, you little star'.
Aston and Sarah are expecting their first baby together, which is due in January early next year.
The 29-year-old had announced that he was a father-to-be via Instagram, with a super adorable snap of himself and Sarah at table with a ‘reserved' sign on the third seat.
Aston captioned the snap, ‘On May 29th 2017 we found out that our lives were going to change forever! This secret has been so hard to keep, but I'm so excited to finally be able to share the news with everybody that me and my beautiful lady @sarahlourichards are going to be parents'.
Most recently, Aston had taken to social media to share a baby update with a snap of Sarah‘s baby bump.
Revealing the couple only have 16 weeks left to wait before the appearance of their lil' baba, the ‘fella shares that fatherhood is ‘not just monday motivation for me, but a new daily motivation in life!'.
Not just monday motivation for me, but a new daily motivation in life! These 2 😍❤ just 16weeks left (around and about) little one till we get to meet you!FAILURE ISN'T AN OPTION when it comes to providing for you both! Daddy has FULLY got you!!!! A post shared by AM (@astonmerrygold) on Oct 2, 2017 at 4:46am PDT
Hey Aston, fancy handstand walking to go grab us some choccy too?!
Alice Perry
Thibaut Courtois has failed to agree to a new deal at Chelsea
The Belgian stopper has been locked in contract talks with the Stamford Bridge outfit all season.
His current deal expires at the end of next season in June 2019 but an agreement has not been found.
The 26-year-old has been linked with a move away from the Blues this season, with Real Madrid touted to take him.
Courtois has a strong affinity with Madrid, where his children still live after a three-year stint in the capital.
When he joined Chelsea, he was sent out on loan to Atletico Madrid where he enjoyed some of his best years of football.
Retail sales fell in May as shoppers suffered increased prices across all sectors, figures show.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) said the quantity of goods bought between April and May fell by 1.2%, which was worse than economists had expected.
Sales volumes were up by 0.9% on a year ago, the weakest annual growth rate since April 2013.
Average store prices excluding fuel increased by 2.8% on the year, the largest growth since March 2012.
ONS senior statistician Ole Black said: "The year-on-year growth in the quantity bought for retail sales in May 2017 was at 0.9%.
"We have not seen lower growth on the year since April 2013.
"Increased retail prices across all sectors seem to be a significant factor in slowing growth."
Non-food stores were the main contributor to the slowdown after reporting an annual sales fall of 1.2%.
However, predominantly food retailers saw the lowest annual growth since July 2013 at just 0.1%.
Ian Geddes, head of retail at Deloitte, said the figures were an early indication that store prices were starting to rise and impacting on demand.
He said: "This week has seen UK inflation rise to 2.9%, the highest since June 2013.
"We are starting to see this impacting average in-store prices, which increased by 2.8%, the largest growth since March 2012, and non-food saw the biggest price rise since October 2011.
"This suggests that retailers are having to pass some of the cost pressure from the rising price of imported goods on to consumers.
"Consumers will also be feeling the squeeze in other areas of spending, including electricity and other utilities payments.
"In addition, real wage growth is now in negative territory, which will likely dampen consumer confidence in the coming months.
"With this in mind, it is likely we will see the industry renew its thinking on building customer loyalty.
"It is much cheaper to retain existing customers rather than attract new ones."
Ian Gilmartin, head of retail and wholesale at Barclays, said: "The run-up to a general election often provides a bit of a slowdown for the retail sector, with consumers less willing to commit to large purchases, but the reasons for the softer result this time are more complex.
"Inflation is really starting to kick in, with prices in the sector increasing at the highest rate for more than five years and expected to rise further.
"Coupled with lower wage growth, it's likely that consumer spending power will continue to weaken and it appears that retailers are going to have to navigate some choppy waters in the coming months."
Church of the Ascension, Bismarck has a job position open for a full time Director of Faith Formation. The Director of Faith Formation is responsible for the development, coordination, and promotion of a comprehensive plan for the spiritual growth and faith development of 1st grade through adult parishioners. Must have a passion and creative energy to enable others to live out their baptismal call personally, within the family, parish and greater community. Qualifications: Individual must be an active Catholic who is organized, committed, creative and has a degree with classes in theology, education and/or pastoral ministry. Experience teaching within a parish faith formation program is preferred. Possessing good communication skills and an ability to work collaboratively with pastor, parish staff, catechists, parents and students is vital. A complete background check is required by the Diocese of Bismarck. Please submit a cover letter and resume to Beth Kathol, Parish Business Manager, Church of the Ascension, 1905 South 3rd Street, Bismarck, ND 58504 or bkathol@ascensionbismarck.org.
KARACHI: Chairman of PSL Najam Sethi has said that a new draft will be presented to respective franchises and their players on Feb 22 to make a decision on whether the league's final will be held in Lahore or not.
Speaking in a talk show last night he said that the board is in contact with International Cricket Council on the spot-fixing scandal and in light of it, Test cricketer Nasir Jamshed was suspended.
He said that PCB`s Anti-Corrouption-Unit, which have former officers of intelligence agencies, pursued investigations against Sharjeel Khan and Nasir Jamshed in a very responsible manner, further adding that the PSL authorities have solid proofs against the duo cricketers.
Najam Sethi informed that Sharjeel has admitted his role in the fixing and he is apologising for his role. He would be handed over the charge sheet in two days.
He informed that the PSL authorities have the mobile phones of the duo and have received many other valuable information in relation to the case from it.
“If we had not stopped it now, these issues would have been coming up regularly,” he said. “The franchise is concerned of the developments but they are with us on the same page to eradicate corruption from the league. Sangakara and Dean Jones have appreciated our actions.”
Sethi added that he would go to extra mile to make sure that the league is transparent.
The party of Mexico's president-elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador and its allies will have an outright majority in Congress but will not surpass the two-thirds threshold needed to change the constitution, estimates show.
MEXICO CITY: The party of Mexico's president-elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador and its allies will have an outright majority in Congress but will not surpass the two-thirds threshold needed to change the constitution, estimates show.
Lopez Obrador, a leftist, won a landslide victory on Sunday, and will wield considerable power in a Congress set to have the highest concentration of female lawmakers in Mexican history.
Advertisement
For the first time, there may be more female senators than male, and a nearly 50-50 split in the lower house, Mexico's electoral institute projects, underlining the far-reaching consequences of Lopez Obrador's win.
Tapping into widespread disillusionment with years of violence, corruption and inequality in Latin America's No. 2 economy, Lopez Obrador won about 53 percent of votes.
His victory has upended Mexico's political status quo, in which just two parties have held the presidency since 1929, and drawn a line under decades of technocratic rule. No ruling party has held an absolute majority in Congress since 1997.
Lopez Obrador's triumph extended to both houses of Congress, where his National Regeneration Movement (MORENA) party and its partners are seen winning 61 percent of seats in the 500-member lower house, projections by pollster Consulta Mitofsky show.
Advertisement
Advertisement
His coalition, which includes the leftist Labor Party and the Social Encounter Party (PES), a religious, socially conservative anti-abortion group, is projected to win 53 percent of seats in the 128-member Senate, Mitofsky said.
The congressional advantage will help Lopez Obrador deliver on his pledge to radically reshape Mexico, which he intends to do by helping the poor while also keeping investors happy.
"It makes the day-to-day easier," Carlos Urzua, Lopez Obrador's pick for finance minister, told Reuters on Monday.
Though the estimates suggest Lopez Obrador will lack the two-thirds majority in both houses needed to make constitutional changes, he may still benefit from defections in Congress. Urzua said the government had no plans to change the constitution.
Final congressional results are expected by Saturday.
NEW CONGRESS
The results are a severe blow to the established parties.
The ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), which governed Mexico continuously from 1929 to 2000, and again from 2012, is seen with 45 seats in the lower house, according to Mitofsky, down from over 200 in the 2012 election.
The PRI is likely to get 13 seats in the Senate, Mitofsky said, down from over 50 six years ago.
Tainted by corruption scandals, the PRI has become increasingly reviled under Enrique Pena Nieto for failing to get a grip on security and lift the economy.
The National Action Party, which ruled between 2000 and 2012 and became embroiled in a grisly drug war, was seen winning 82 seats in the lower house and 24 in the Senate, according to Mitofsky, well below their 2012 tallies.
Still, Lopez Obrador's coalition may prove unwieldy.
The 64-year-old will have to balance interests of leftist nationalists, social liberals and religious conservatives.
So far Lopez Obrador has kept a lid on potential conflict by adopting ambiguous stances on contentious issues such as abortion, gay marriage and economic liberalisation.
But his tie-up with the PES may prove tough, and it faces resistance from supporters on the left.
(Reporting by Gabriel Stargardter; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
JOHOR BARU: Malaysia's Home Ministry has proposed new laws to curb anti-social behaviour, especially the “mat rempit” (illegal street racers) menace.
Deputy Home Minister Nur Jazlan Mohamed, said on Saturday (Feb 3), police would have the authority to detain or take action against those causing distress or nuisance to the public with the new Anti-Social Behaviour Act.
“The laws on anti-social behaviour is not a curfew order. (In fact,) the police have carried out their responsibilities very well. However, police will have more powers to take action against mat rempit groups with the introduction of the laws.
“At the moment, action can only be taken when a mat rempit has committed an offence. With the Act, the police can take action to dismiss the groups and arrest those who are still stubborn,” he told reporters after attending the Pulai parliamentary constituency polling day simulation at Taman Bukit Indah.
Nur Jazlan, who is also Pulai Member of Parliament, was commenting on the statement by the Sultan of Johor Ibrahim Iskandar on his anger with a group of mat rempit for turning the stretch of Jalan Pantai Lido in front of the Sultanah Aminah Hospital (HSA) as an illegal racing venue.
He said the proposal, which was still at discussion level, came into the picture following an accident which claimed the lives of eight teenagers last year.
Advertisement
Advertisement
“The mat rempit groups also involve minors, whereby police do not have the authority to arrest them. With the laws, the police can take action against parents who allow their children to get involved in such activities,” said Nur Jazlan.
In a statement posted on Facebook, the Sultan of Johor said he received numerous complaints, particularly from HSA patients about sleepless nights due to the noise coming from the motorcycle engines when mat rempit groups raced late at night.
Sultan Ibrahim also urged the police to take stern action against the illegal racers.
Meanwhile, Johor police chief Mohamed Khalil Kader Mohamed said police would go all out to crack down on the groups and their rampant illegal racing activities.
“The mat rempit menace is not only happening in Johor but also in other states ... Now, they have turned ‘sensitive' areas like hospitals and schools into racing venues which they do not have any respect (for people).
“They should understand more and be aware of these places. They have crossed the line and we (police) will not compromise at all,” he said when contacted by Bernama.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Bob Kalinowski / The Citizens' Voice From left, are Jack Cleary, Dr. Richard Coslett, U.S. Army Sgt. 1st Class Tony Landi, an Army health care recruiter, and Patrick Cleary.
While in dental school in the early 1980s, Dr. Richard Coslett dreamed of becoming a U.S. Navy dentist to travel the world working on an aircraft carrier.
It took awhile and a different path, but Coslett finally is a member of the U.S. military.
The 51-year-old Back Mountain dentist and Dallas School Board member recently enlisted in the U.S. Army Reserves under a program for physicians, dentists and other health care professionals, who are needed by the military.
"When I was at Walter Reed Medical Center, I knew I was doing the right thing when I walked in and saw our wounded warriors," Coslett said recently during a lunch break at his Shavertown dental practice. "You look at them and could tell they had a setback, but you see the hope in their eyes and their attitude and it's one of the most inspiring things."
Coslett said some people heard about his commissioning and mistakenly thought he was abandoning his practice. He said his commitment calls for an annual two-week assignment, usually at Brook Army Medical Center at Fort Sam Houston in San Antonio, Texas. He'll also be required to serve at least one three-month deployment in the continental United States or Germany during his eight-year term.
"I'm a real fortunate guy to be able to be in a profession that the country needs right now," Coslett said. "I have a great family, a great (dental practice) partner and a great wife and family. Without them, I would not be able to do this."
During his service in the U.S. Army, Coslett will provide fillings, root canals and other dental care for U.S. soldiers. He will treat soldiers for trauma to their upper and lower jaws. He'll also mentor young dentists who are new to the Army.
Coslett says three main things spurred him to enlist: a longtime desire to serve, his experience at a friend's retirement ceremony at the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis, Md., and the death of family friend 1st Lt. Michael Cleary, 24, of Dallas.
After being accepted into the Army officer program, Coslett needed an active or retired military officer to administer his commissioning oath as a major in the Army Reserves. Cleary's father, Vietnam veteran Jack Cleary, performed the honor.
The Clearys are longtime friends of Coslett and are clients of his dental practice.
"How Jack Cleary served his country, how Michael Cleary served his country, and how Patrick Cleary inspires me, it's what has given me resolve," Coslett said.
Patrick Cleary, Michael Cleary's older brother, was on hand for Coslett's swearing-in ceremony.
The age limit to join the U.S. Army Reserves Dental Corps is 46, so Coslett had to obtain an age waiver to join.
In his application, the former Wyoming Valley West and Moravian College standout basketball player wrote, "I am 51 years old and in excellent mental and physical health. I have served my family, religion, community and friends my entire life. I have not yet served my country - a service for which, as I become older, the calling becomes stronger."
Within the next few weeks, Coslett will get his orders to attend Officers Basic Leaders Course in Fort Sam Houston, where he will spend three weeks obtaining basic military knowledge and learning protocols of an officer. He'll leave for that training between three and nine months after that. He said he's excited about the challenge.
"I fully believe you can only grow as a person when you put yourself in uncomfortable situations and see how you react," he said. "By serving in the Army, I hope to broaden my horizons and be involved with people from across the United States."
bkalinowski@citizensvoice.com, 570-821-2055
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
Inspector General of Police, Ibrahim Idris, has withdrawn criminal cases against Anosike brothers and their company, Daily Times of Nigeria.
This is on the heels of a petition the Anosikes sent to the IGP on January 31, 2018 in which they alleged that a former lawmaker, Sen. Ikechukwu Obiora, employed the services of DIG Hyacinth Dagala to invade their Abuja and Lagos offices.
In the petition, they also told the IGP that they were arrested and detained, refused bail alongside their staff.
The letter withdrawing the cases dated 2nd February, 2018 which was signed by ACP Henry Njoku Esq. and Omosun Mathew, Prosecution Officer was addressed to the Registrar, Mpape Magistrate Court, FCT Abuja.
The cases listed in the withdrawal letter are: CR/10/2018 1GP Vs Fidelis Anosike; CR/18/2018 IGP Vs Ayodele Olaleke and 4 others; and Motion No: MN11/2018 IGP Vs Fidelis Anosike and Noel Anosike.
The statement said: “Take notice that the prosecution wishes to discontinue the above stated cases before this Honourable Court.”
25 dead as MILF battles ISIS-backed bandits
1 SHARES Share Tweet
Fighting between government-backed separatist rebels and pro-Islamic State militants have killed at least 25 people in the southern Philippines, the army said yesterday, as the military battles to restore order on the troubled island of Mindanao.
Soldiers provided artillery support for the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), a Muslim rebel group with which the government has signed a peace agreement, to try to tackle Islamist extremists, spokesman Colonel Gerry Besana said.
The MILF and the government have agreed to work together to thwart several militant groups in Mindanao that have pledged allegiance to Islamic State.
The island of 22 million people and roughly the size of South Korea is under martial law at least until the end of the year, as President Duterte tries to extinguish a growing threat of radical Islam taking a hold and turning the southern Philippines into a magnet for foreign extremists.
The MILF is opposed to radical groups and sees them as undermining its legitimate quest for greater autonomy for Muslims in parts of Mindanao, to end nearly 50 years of conflict that has killed more than 120,000 people and displaced 2 million.
“Based on reports from ceasefire monitors, the two sides suffered 25 casualties, including 20 from the ISIS-inspired group,” Besana said, referring to Islamic State by another acronym.
He said 10 MILF were wounded and were being treated at a military hospital.
The conflict started on Aug 7 when extremists from Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters (BIFF) attacked two villages in Maguindanao and their homemade bombs killed five MILF fighters.
The MILF responded and clashes lasted six days, with the military firing howitzer cannons in support, Besana said.
Related
comments
LONDON — The bongs will soon be gone.
Big Ben — the huge clock bell of Britain's Parliament — will fall silent next week as a four-year restoration project gets underway.
The bongs of the iconic bell will be stopped after chiming noon on Aug. 21 to protect workers during a 29-million-pound repair project on the Queen Elizabeth Tower, which houses Big Ben and its clock. It isn't due to resume regular service until 2021.
Steve Jaggs, keeper of the Great Clock, said Monday that the clock mechanism will be dismantled piece by piece and its four dials will be cleaned and repaired. The 13.5 British ton (15.1 U.S. ton, 13.7 metric tons) bell will be cleaned and checked for cracks.
Big Ben has been stopped several times since it first sounded in 1859, but the current restoration project will mark its longest period of silence.
Parliamentary officials say they will ensure that the bell still sounds on major occasions, such as New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday.
The silence presents a problem for the BBC, which broadcasts the bongs every evening before the radio news through a microphone in the belfry.
After testing out the sound of substitute bells, the broadcaster said it will use a recording.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Argentina's business-friendly President Mauricio Macri's preferred candidate led a closely watched Senate primary race on Sunday, in what could be a surprise win over populist former President Cristina Fernandez in Buenos Aires province.
BUENOS AIRES: Argentina's former leader Cristina Fernandez was tied with President Mauricio Macri's candidate as most results were in from a Senate primary seen as a gauge of Fernandez' chances of staging a populist comeback and ending Macri's reform agenda.
With 95.58 percent of votes in Buenos Aires province - home to nearly 40 percent of Argentina's electorate - counted, the coalition led by Macri's former education minister Esteban Bullrich had 34.19 percent while Fernandez's list had 34.11 percent.
There was never a doubt that Fernandez - who ran unopposed from within her own party - would go on to run for the Senate in the Oct. 22 election but many investors feared a strong showing could weaken Macri and pave the way for her to return to the presidency in 2019.
Argentina's peso had weakened around 9 percent since Fernandez formed a new political party and declared her candidacy on June 24. Fernandez was president from 2007 to 2015 and was indicted for corruption last year.
Traders had priced in a Fernandez win by a margin of around 3 percentage points, according to J.P. Morgan. Local brokerage Portfolio Personal said the market expected her to win by between two and 4 percentage points.
Despite falling far short of that, Fernandez took the stage at a rally at 4 a.m. (0700 GMT) to claim victory and criticized the pace of the vote count.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I never imagined I would have to ask pardon to all the Argentines for this embarrassment," she said. "It's an offence to democracy."
No matter how many seats his "Let's Change" coalition picks up in October - when Argentines elect one third of the Senate and half the lower house of Congress - Macri will still lack a majority and must build alliances to pass reforms, but analysts said a defeat for Fernandez would strengthen his negotiating position.
Shortly after taking office in December 2015, Macri lifted currency controls, eliminated export taxes and restrictions on grains, and settled a legal dispute with creditors that paved the way for Argentina's return to global debt markets. He also began cutting subsidies for utilities like gas and electricity in a bid to reduce the country's fiscal deficit.
The moves were praised by investors who were spooked by Fernandez's interventionist policies, but a 2.2 percent economic contraction and inflation above 40 percent last year cut into Argentines' purchasing power.
Booming farm activity and an increase in public works spending have contributed to a nascent economic rebound, but it has not yet been felt in many parts of Buenos Aires province's industrial belt, where Fernandez's message appeals to many.
"Macri made an adjustment that only benefited the millionaires. There's more poverty and more unemployment," said Enrique Greco, 47, a public employee in the province.
Macri's candidate, Bullrich, a little-known politician who made several gaffes in the final weeks of campaigning, was aided by recently improving economic data as well as support from the popular governor of Buenos Aires province, Maria Eugenia Vidal.
"We know you hoped the improvements would come faster," Vidal told voters on Sunday. "This country and this province are profoundly changing into something truly different."
Under Argentina's election system, the winning party in each Senate race gets two of the province's three seats, with the remaining seat going to the second-place finisher.
A second-place finish would thus still grant Fernandez, 64, a Senate seat, which would give immunity from arrest, although not from trial. She dismisses the corruption accusations as politically motivated.
(Additional reporting by Nicolas Misculin, Luc Cohen and Maximiliano Rizzi; Writing by Caroline Stauffer; Editing by Robin Pomeroy)
AP
Cardinals rookie receiver Christian Kirk has put a legal problem behind him.
The Cardinals drafted Kirk knowing that he had been arrested in February in nearby Scottsdale, Arizona, on a disorderly conduct and property damage charge. Today Kirk had the charges dropped.
Scottsdale city prosecutor Karen Close said Kirk paid restitution and as a result her office dropped the charges.
Kirk and another man were arrested and accused of throwing rocks at cars parked near a Scottsdale golf tournament. One car had a window broken.
Police said Kirk appeared to be drunk or high on a stimulant. The Cardinals said they were confident in his character regardless of the incident.
- Advertisement -
Saudi Arabia said on Monday it will trim crude exports to Asian customers in January to help accelerate the rebalancing of the international oil market.
An energy ministry spokesman said state-owned Aramco will maintain “steady supplies to the United States and Europe while exports to Asia will be reduced by more than 100,000 barrels per day” from December's production levels.
“This is in line with our continued demonstration of keeping to, and in fact, exceeding, our commitments under the declaration of cooperation,” he said in reference to the deal by producers to cut production by 1.8 million bpd.
- Advertisement -
The agreement was last month extended until the end of 2018 in a bid to remove a supply glut from the market that has sent oil prices crashing.
About 24 producing countries, including all 14 members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and non-OPEC Russia, the world's top producer, are signatories to the deal.
“We hope that by leading by example, our partners from OPEC and non-OPEC will do the same in order to keep conformity levels above 100 percent and accelerate the rebalancing of the market,” the spokesman said.
The deal has helped oil prices to rebound from below $30 a barrel at the start of last year to more than $60 a barrel currently.
If there's one thing Jed Wheeler and Marcus Ruiz Evans agree on, it's that things in California need to change.
The state sends too much money to Washington, they say, and is both politically and culturally out of step with a country that lacks its openness and vitality.
They sharply disagree, though, on the matter of how and precisely when California should seek a divorce from the other 49 states.
Evans is pushing a ballot measure that would put the question of secession before voters in 2018, believing the time has never been so ripe to form a breakaway nation. Wheeler is working to create a pro-secession political party, looking a dozen or more years down the road when its candidates hold office, and fears that a premature vote would undermine the effort.
In short, the effort to cleave California faces a crackup of its own.
REUTERS: Tennis commentator Doug Adler has sued broadcaster ESPN, weeks after being taken off the air following a remark about Venus Williams at the Australian Open that some interpreted to be racist.
Adler, who has since apologised for how he spoke about Williams, has maintained that he was describing the African-American 13th seed's aggressive style of charging as the "guerilla effect" and not comparing her to a "gorilla."
Adler's lawyer, David Ring, says the comment was a "big nothing" until it hit Twitter.
"And then somehow on Twitter someone said he called Venus a gorilla," Ring told Reuters. "ESPN fires him the next day for something he never even said. Doug Adler lost his career, he lost his reputation.
"By ESPN firing him he was suddenly the guy fired for making a racist remark and it never happened."
Adler, who was a former college tennis player before turning to broadcasting, filed his lawsuit in Los Angeles Superior Court on Tuesday.
"Adler was wrongly terminated by ESPN after Adler described Venus Williams as using 'guerilla' tactics, a description that is commonly used in tennis to describe a form of aggressive play," the lawsuit states.
"ESPN bowed to pressure from those using social media, including Twitter, who mistakenly believed Adler used the word 'gorilla' to describe Venus Williams. ESPN wrongfully terminated Adler and has since caused other employees to shun Adler, causing Adler serious financial and emotional harm."
Neither ESPN nor Williams's agent, Carlos Fleming, were immediately available for comment.
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina. Additional reporting by Sharon Bernstein in Sacramento. Editing by Steve Keating.)
LEWISTON, N.Y. (WIVB)- An effort to cut back on food waste led Niagara University to an even bigger undertaking; feeding the hungry.
“Last semester for the back of house, we started out of our kitchen “Do Away the Waste” program. And we were really paying attention to those numbers and seeing how much we prepared,” explained Catering Sales Managers for Metz Culinary Management at Niagara University, Nicole Slipko.
To wrap up Vincentian Heritage Week on campus, NU started a new program at the end of September; giving leftover food to two local non-profits.
Three times a week, Community Missions of Niagara Frontier and the Heart, Love, and Soul Food Pantry will collect extra food from campus.
“Meals that we had gotten last Friday served 116 people, so that was 116 people that we would have had to figure out something else for,” said Christian Hoffman with Community Missions.
Community Missions provides a slew of resources for the underprivileged in Niagara County; one of the issues they focus on most, is food.
A spike in the number of people Community Missions serves really hit the organization's budget hard this year.
“The food pantry numbers are just through the roof. We are seeing a really substantial increase, 46% that we're seeing over last year's numbers,” he said.
Through this new program, people in need are getting access to high quality food that's packed with nutrients.
“Everything that we cook here is from scratch. Any kind of vegetables that we put out on the lines are from our local farmers here in western New York,” Executive Chef for Metz Culinary Management at NU, Anthony Renda told News 4.
Not only are some NU student workers part of this program, the University is also educating students on the needs around them, something organizers of this project hope will spark further action.
“We've gone into 49 classes, trying to share with them the needs of this community,” Patricia Wrobel said.
Wrobel heads up the Levesque Institute on Nu's campus. She looks at poverty on a larger scale, and elements that contribute to it in our community; Wrobel connected Metz to Community Missions and the Heart, Love, and Soul Food Pantry.
With winter approaching, said this program was badly needed.
Within it's first week, Slipko said eight full trays of food were donated in just one day, to just one organization. Her hope is that this program continues to grow.
Click here to donate to Community Missions
Click here to donate to Love, Heart, and Soul
Getty Images
Injuries up front are nothing new for the Cardinals this season, so you can forgive coach Bruce Arians for getting the body parts wrong.
Via Darren Urban of the team's official website, Arians was worried about how left tackle Jared Veldheer came out of yesterday's game because of an elbow problem, only for Veldheer to say the arm was fine but he hurt his ankle during the game.
Tests this morning revealed Veldheer broke his ankle, and he'll go on injured reserve.
“You just have to laugh and go on,” Arians said. “What's next. Get a game plan these guys can succeed at, and go win a game.”
Veldheer's injury goes along with D.J. Humphries, putting both their starting tackles entering the year on IR, along with left guard Mike Iupati.
The Cardinals also lost right guard Earl Watford during Sunday's game to a high ankle sprain, meaning even more adjustments are coming.
Center A.Q. Shipley‘s the only Cardinals lineman to start every game this year.
- Advertisement -
War crimes judges on Monday delivered a slap to Jordan, referring the Arab country to the United Nations for action for failing to arrest the visiting Sudanese president wanted on genocide charges.
Despite two international warrants for his arrest on 10 charges arising from the conflict in Darfur, Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir freely attended an Arab League summit in Amman in March.
Judges at the International Criminal Court (ICC) ruled that “Jordan failed to comply with its obligations … by not executing the court's request for the arrest of Omar al-Bashir and his surrender to the court while he was on Jordanian territory on 29 March 2017”.
Jordan is a member of the Rome Statute, which underpins the tribunal – established in 2002 to try the world's worst atrocities – and as such has agreed to comply with the court's orders.
The ICC issued arrest warrants for Bashir in 2009 and 2010, but he has so far evaded arrest and steadfastly denies the charges related to the conflict in war-torn Darfur.
- Advertisement -
The judges decided that Jordan's “non-compliance” should be referred to the UN Security Council as well as the tribunal's own Assembly of State Parties.
But it is unlikely there will be much further action taken at the UN.
In July the judges already ruled that South Africa had flouted its duties to the ICC in 2015 by failing to arrest Bashir, when he attended an African Union summit.
But presiding ICC judge Cuno Tarfusser, who also signed Monday's order against Jordan, decided that it would be “effectively futile” to refer Pretoria to the UN.
There have been six previous referrals of various countries to the Security Council for allowing Bashir to travel freely on their territory.
Pretoria's lawyers had argued at an April ICC hearing there “was no duty under international law on South Africa to arrest” Bashir.
But the judges ruled international obligations cannot “simply be put aside” if a country disagrees with them, and said Bashir did not enjoy immunity.
WARSAW: Poland is seeing a resurgence of anti-Semitism over pending legislation that would impose jail terms for suggestions that the nation was complicit in the Holocaust, local minority groups warned, as pressure mounts on the president to veto the bill.
Parliament passed the measure on Thursday (Feb 1), drawing outrage from Israel, US criticism and condemnation from a number of international organisations. President Andrzej Duda has 21 days to decide whether to sign it into law.
The bill would impose prison sentences of up to three years for mentioning the term "Polish death camps" and for suggesting "publicly and against the facts" complicity on the part of the Polish nation or state in Nazi Germany crimes.
More than three million of Poland's 3.2 million Jews were murdered by the Nazis, accounting for about half of the Jews killed in the Holocaust. Jews from across Europe were sent to be killed at death camps built and operated by the Germans on Polish soil, including Auschwitz, Treblinka, Belzec and Sobibor.
According to figures from the US Holocaust Memorial Museum, the Nazis also killed at least 1.9 million non-Jewish Polish civilians.
In a rare show of unity, Polish minority and ethnic groups, including Jewish, Ukrainian and Russian, urged Duda and other authorities to counteract all forms of xenophobia, intolerance and anti-Semitism, although they did not directly call on the president to veto the bill.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Our particular concern and objection is caused by the numerous and loud manifestations of anti-Semitism that we have been witnessing this week after the (parliament) passed (the Holocaust bill)," the groups said in statement.
Poland is one of the most ethnically and religiously homogenous countries in Europe, but before World War II Jews made up 10 per cent of the population and the country also had large Ukrainian, German, Belarussian and other minorities.
Poland's ruling party, the socially conservative PiS, has reignited debate on the Holocaust as part of a campaign to fuel patriotism since sweeping into power in 2015.
The party says the bill is needed to protect Poland's reputation and ensure historians recognise that Poles as well as Jews were victims of the Nazis.
Israeli officials said the legislation criminalises basic historical facts. Critics of the bill have raised concerns it will curb free speech and could potentially be used against Holocaust survivors or historians.
A US congressional task force on combating anti-Semitism and a number of Jewish groups urged Duda to veto the bill.
The International Auschwitz Council, an advisory body to the office of the Polish prime minister, Mateusz Morawiecki, said on Friday the bill's imprecision raised "legitimate concerns about restricting freedom in discovering the truth about the Holocaust".
Duda has not said whether he would sign the bill, but his spokesman told the Polish state radio Trojka: "The president believes that Poland, as any other country, has the right to defend its good name ... has the right to defend the truth".
Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the chairman of PiS and de facto the country's leader, told the public radio Jedynka on Saturday that Duda should sign the law,
"He should sign it," Kaczynski said. "We must talk to our allies in a way that would allow them to understand that we have no intention of renouncing our dignity."
CTV London
Environment Canada has issued a Special Weather Statement ahead of snowfall expected across much of southern Ontario.
The area affected by the statement stretches from Windsor, through London, all the way to Ottawa.
A general snowfall of 5 to 10 cm is forecast for southern Ontario by Tuesday morning, however some areas may see up to 15 cm.
Snowfall warnings are issued when 15cm of now or more is expected in 12 hours, so far no warnings have been issued.
Environment Canada says snow squalls are likely for Tuesday off the northwest flow of Lake Huron and that watches will likely be issued late Monday.
LINCOLN, Neb. – John Erixson has been named the next state forester and director of the Nebraska Forest Service. He was a deputy director for two years and was promoted after a national search.
"I am proud of how well the Nebraska Forest Service serves Nebraska, and I know as director and state forester John will lead the forest service to continue delivering the excellent programs and services that ensure the health of our forests and communities," said Ron Yoder, associate vice chancellor for the Institute of Agriculture and Natural Resources at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln. Before coming to the forest service, Erixson, a Nebraska native, spent more than 20 years managing natural resources in Idaho for a private consulting firm. He holds bachelor and master's degrees in resource management from the University of Idaho. He is an active member of several regional and national organizations, including the Society of American Foresters and the Invasive Species Council. "There is an impressive legacy of forest stewardship in Nebraska. To say I have big shoes to fill is a bit of an understatement," Erixson said. "A large part of my role starts with serving Nebraskans, and I am looking forward to giving back to my home state." Erixson assumes leadership of the forest service at a challenging time. The emerald ash borer was discovered in Omaha in June 2016 and is expected to destroy most of Nebraska's green ash trees as it spreads across the state.
Robinson joins American Angus Assocation
The American Angus Association has added Rachel Robinson of Kansas City, Mo., to the communications group. She is a 2010 agricultural journalism graduate from the University of Missouri who began her new role Sept. 25. Prior to joining team Angus, Robinson served as a senior account executive at Woodruff in Kansas City, Mo. Robinson brings more than seven years of marketing experience to the table. She has previously served as an account manager at Osborn Barr in Kansas City, as well as a freelance writer for Today's Farmer and Farm Journal. "Rachel brings a wealth of journalism and marketing knowledge to the communications team," said Clint Mefford, ssociation director of communications. "Her expertise in these areas will only help further advance the association's communication efforts." As the senior communications specialist, Robinson will contribute to the team's multimedia efforts by developing literature pieces and assisting the production of The Angus Report. She will also play a key role in crafting comprehensive communication plans to help execute the association key strategies. In her previous position, Robinson lead marketing communication efforts for multiple agricultural corporations through planning customer events, curating marketing plans and executing product launches. "The American Angus Association has a great reputation for excellence in the industry and is a leader in the cattle business," Robinson said. "I am excited to have the opportunity to contribute to the future of the organization."
CCA recognized by BLM at PLC meeting
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. — The Bureau of Land Management announced Colorado Cattlemen's Association as one of the three 2017 Rangeland Stewardship Award recipients at the Public Lands Council Annual Meeting in Flagstaff. "Public lands ranchers plan their operation around sustaining a healthy, diverse and productive rangeland," said Dave Eliason, Utah rancher and president of the PLC. "They invest time, money and resources into the process and it's exciting to see some of these phenomenal ranchers recognized for their efforts." CCA received The Rangeland Stewardship Collaborate Team Award. CCA is celebrating its 150th year as an organization, and has promoted multiple use and sustainable land management through producer-facing programs. CCA was also commended for establishing a productive setting for mediation services and supporting Sagebrush Steppe management objectives. Past presidents Tim Canterbury, Mark Roeber and Robbie LeValley received the award on behalf of the organization. Ethan Lane, executive director of the PLC emphasized the importance of the stewardship awards. "Public land ranchers continually exemplify the best conservation and stewardship practices, and are highly deserving of the recognition," Lane said. "Our team is thankful for the importance the BLM places on recognizing these stewards."
Recommended Stories For You
Wyoming team named reserve champion in livestock judging contest
The Casper (Wyo.) College Livestock Judging team earned Reserve Champion at the 71st Annual National Barrow Show Livestock Judging Contest in Austin, Minn. The team scored a total of 3,206 points, just nine points behind champion Butler Community College from El Dorado, Kan. The team placed fourth overall in reasons out of the 16 teams competing in the contest. Individually, sophomore John Eilertson, Wentworth, S.D., placed fourth high individual overall, and sophomore Shanan Davey, Olathe, Colo., placed seventh high individual overall. Head coach Jeremy Burkett noted that before the contest, the team stopped by several pig operations "to judge different classes to help prepare for the National Barrow Show contest. I was very pleased with the team's performance this past week. It is exciting to have a group of kids who are willing to work to accomplish their goals. With so much talent and work ethic, I look forward to traveling this year with them," Burkett said. "The National Barrow Show judging contest is one of the elite breeding swine shows in the country and holds a rich tradition in the swine industry. To be named as the Reserve Champion team is a great honor and accomplishment for these young people." he said. The Casper College Livestock Judging team has a rich history and winning tradition since 1978. The championship livestock judging team competes across the country and ranks among the nation's top junior college judging programs. With nine academic All-Americans since 2005, including five All-Americans since 2014. Under Burkett, Ph.D., Casper College has had four national contest wins including Fort Worth Stock Show, Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo and the Arizona National Livestock Show since 2009. After, Casper College, students are continually recruited to transfer to agricultural universities across the nation.
Reinke recognizes Alliance Irrigation technician
DESHLER, Neb. — Reinke has recognized Brady Brown with Alliance Irrigation in Kersey, Neb., with a five-year Proven leader in Unmatched Service Program Longevity Award. Brown received the award in recognition of his dedication to maintaining a PLUS Program certification for five years. "Qualifying as a PLUS or Platinum PLUS technician is a high achievement in itself," said Reinke Service Training Administrator Jennifer Craig. "To maintain this certification for five years is a huge accomplishment not only for the individual but also for the dealership that supports them. Reinke is proud to honor the dedication shown by these individuals." The Reinke PLUS Program is a service training coursework that's offered to full-service Reinke dealers. The program includes a series of six service training courses and a testing process to qualify as a PLUS or Platinum PLUS certified technician. To maintain certification, 16 service training credits must be earned each year either through online or in-class training. Certified Reinke PLUS technicians are trained to deliver the most advanced technical service and support to customers.
Stucky Ranch honored as 2017 CAB Ambassador
Gordon Stucky was always a fan of the Certified Angus Beef brand, but two terms on the American Angus Association board and serving as president in 2014 galvanized that into a passion. "I've always thought, we need each other," the Kingman, Kan., rancher said, calling the brand "a perfect fit for what we're doing on the ranch." A "Targeting the Brand" logo appears in Stucky sale catalogs as a selection aid for customers since 2011, a watershed year for the growing relationship. "We decided we were going to ride for the brand in every way possible," Stucky said, signing on as host for an educational program called "Masters of Brand Advantages" early that year, and for some CAB group every year since. Enthusiasm and ability to connect with the entire range of partners along the supply chain at their unique location helped Stucky Ranch earn the brand's 2017 Ambassador Award to be presented at the CAB Annual Conference Sept. 27-29 in Nashville, Tenn. The ranch business is built on sustainability and relationships, starting with God and family, looking back and well past tomorrow. Interaction with tour groups keeps the family focused, Stucky said. With Caroline and his son Jesse, they prepare for each tour day as if it were a bull sale. "These folks are extremely important for the role they play in our supply chain," he said, noting some deep discussions. "We had the question a couple years ago, what sustainability means to me. The first thing that came to mind was my dad." Martin Stucky had come to Kingman County in 1937, where his father soon helped him and a brother start on the roots of today's ranch. Youngest son Gordon bought the family's first registered stock as a 16-year-old in 1976. His mentor and partner conveyed a guiding wisdom and rationale in their 17 years in business. "He's been gone a long time now," the son said, "but he helped provide the start we could build on." In discussions on animal welfare, Stucky talks about thoughts on waking each morning: "We have that frame of mind that we want every animal under our care to have the best day they've ever had." Relationships are no less a part of sustainability, and "Targeting the Brand," which entails much more than simply raising cattle that can grade. "It's a people business, so we grow it by long-term attention to what our customers need," he said. "You build those relationships over the years to where they feel like you're a part of their team." Some customers sell calves at weaning but an increasing share participate in the backgrounding and finishing phases to get more return on their investment in genetics. The 200 Circle-S-Bar bulls sold annually and their average productive life means they generate up to 20,000 commercial Anguses calves each year. "We track every trait and expected progeny differences to make sure we offer bulls that are the most economically relevant to those customers, and also give everything the ranching eye for conformation and soundness," Stucky said. Posting CAB logos next to qualifying bulls in the catalogs, and photo sections recapping tour visits by international guests all tend to raise the Stucky Ranch profile as a genetics provider, the cattleman said. "They come here with heightened expectations, just knowing we have these balanced cattle and the relationships with end users from all over the world." Two-way education takes place when those tour buses arrive. "They have flown over our ranch at 30,000 feet," Stucky said, "but we give them a feel for what it's like to spend a day in our boots." There's an information exchange, "but it's mostly connecting people. They want to know what's behind the CAB product, but they also want to know Jesse Stucky and the name of the horse he rides," the father said. "Some of them seem to fall in love with Jesse and his horse, but it's all just part of understanding our life." "Having these tours, everything we do is under the microscope," Stucky said. "Whether it's a tour day or not, we've always got that in the back of our minds — how we care for things, and do things on a daily basis — even if no one sees, it's part of the program we continue to build, and part of our story." The tours made the family realize how their location and Angus program are uniquely suitable for the sharing. Seedstock operations with multiple breeds or Angus breeders not attuned to the quality side may not feel such an affinity with the brand, Stucky said. "For us, it's just a perfect fit. We enjoy hosting tours for any groups, but the CAB tours are special because that interaction completes our business model," he said. CAB is headed for another record year and Stucky figures there will be more of the best beef next year. "We're going to make more and better, so we have to keep working at this together," he said, with advice for the brand: "Keep letting the consumer know it's there. They'll spend a few more pennies for it and be happy, and we'll make that circle complete."
Angus hires 3 to communications group
The American Angus Association announces three additions to the communications group. JD Rosman and Ali Luety join the team as communications specialists, and Max Stewart joins as a video production specialist. Rosman joined the team in June as a communications specialist after he graduated in May from Oklahoma State University with a bachelor's degree in agricultural communications. Prior to joining the communications team full time, he freelanced for the association while finishing his degree, and he interned with the association's communications team the summer of 2016. He also has produced extensive show coverage for the Oklahoma Youth Expo and worked for Oklahoma Horizon TV as a multi-platform journalist. Stewart comes to the team to put his creative mind to work on producing high-quality videos for the association. He has won many awards for his video work in the past, including first place in the Kansas State University 48-Hour Film Festival. Stewart has worked as a social media manager for Wildcat Watch out of Manhattan, Kan., and student video producer for Kansas State University. He graduated from Kansas State University this past August with a bachelor's degree in business management and entrepreneurship. Luety joins the team from Agri-Pulse Communications where she had been interning since May. She graduated in 2017 from Iowa State University with a bachelor's degree in public relations. During her time at Iowa State, Luety interned with Meredith Corporation as an editorial apprentice, as well as FarmHer and the American Farm Bureau Federation in their respective communications departments. "We are very excited about the recent growth in our communications team," said Clint Mefford, association director of communications. "JD, Ali and Max are extremely talented, and we are looking forward to what our young and creative team can do for the association." ❖
A Youth group, Unified Nigerian Youth Forum, on Wednesday urged youths in the country to seek elective positions at all levels of government in the 2019 general polls and use the “Not too Young to Run bill“ awaiting Presidential assent
The group made the call in a statement signed by its President, Abdulsalam Kazeem, in Kaduna, according to the News Agency of Nigeria, NAN.
“The forum salutes the courage of Mr. President for promising to sign the `Not Too Young to Run' Bill.
“His promise to sign the bill further shows his belief and confidence in Nigerian youths to gradually but steadily take over the leadership of the nation in the nearest future.
“The bill recently passed into law by the National Assembly, seeks to reduce the minimum age required for seeking elective positions in the country.
“We equally appreciate the efforts of the leadership of both chambers of the National Assembly for passing the bill particularly, Senator Abdulazeez Nyako (APC Adamawa Central) for sponsoring the bill.
“Nyako also ensured the speedy passage of the bill in the Senate in spite all odds,“ Kazeem said.
According to him, in the nation's 19 years of uninterrupted democracy, no administration has given youths the opportunity to serve, in spite of their number in terms of population.
He, therefore, urged youths to take advantage of the opportunity provided by the bill when signed into law and seek election into political offices at all levels during the 2019 polls.
“We call on all Nigerian youths to use the advantage of the promise made by Mr. President to seek for political offices at all levels through decent and peaceful means.
“No more waiting for appointment as Technical Assistant, Personal Assistant, Special Assistant without portfolios and other unproductive appointments.“
He noted that as at May 29, 2015, there were less than 10 youths between the ages of 18 and 35 in the House of Representatives, which represents less than four per cent of the 360 members.
“In the upper chamber of the National Assembly, no single senator was within the youth age bracket as defined by the Nigerian National Youth Policy 2009.
“The National Youth policy defines a youth as those between ages 18 and 35, while in the Executive, the youngest member is the Minister of Finance, Kemi Adeosun, who 45 years old.”
He stressed that leadership had nothing to do with age but individual vision, passion, mission and ability to drive to excellence.
“If a 39-year-old can lead France, 41-year-old President of Belgium and 42-year-old leading Ethiopia while 32-year-old Stephen Sang was Governor in Kenya, why not Nigeria?”, he asked.
He further noted that Kim Jong-un became North Korean President at less than 30 years.
HAGERSVILLE -
Haldimand OPP is investigating following a single-vehicle crash on First Line near Industrial Road in Hagersville.
Emergency personnel were called to the scene at about 5 a.m. Friday after receiving reports that a vehicle had struck a utility pole. A passerby noticed the crash and called 911.
Police say a grey 2006 GMC Sierra pickup truck was travelling westbound on First Line when it left the road and hit the utility pole.
No one was in the vehicle when first responders arrived. A search of the area for the occupant(s) also came up empty.
Haldimand OPP say the vehicle had been reported stolen from the Guelph area on Dec. 20.
Anyone with information regarding this incident is asked to contact the Ontario Provincial Police at 1 – 888 – 310 – 1122 or Crime Stoppers at 1 – 800 – 222 – 8477 (TIPS). People can also leave an anonymous online message at www.helpsolvecrime.com.
The Met Office have released a yellow warning of ice for tonight in the north west.
The warning is in place between 19:00 on Monday 19 to 9:00 am on Tuesday 20th March.
Motorists, cyclists and pedestrians are warned to take care as ice is likely to form on some untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths, increasing the risk of accidents, as well as injuries from slips and falls.
Lancashire's fleet of gritters and snow ploughs will be mobilised this evening treating all priority routes.
Senator Dino Melaye who is challenging moves to recall him by his constituency is in fresh trouble: the Police said they have filed a case in a Lokoja court accusing him and three other persons of illegal possession of firearms.
Police spokesman Jimoh Moshood, announced the move today in a statement.
The police took the action, following the confession of two ‘dreaded' thugs who claimed they were working for Melaye, who represents Kogi West in the Senate.
The men were arrested on 19 January at Ogojueje in Dekina Local Government Area of Kogi State, after a shootout with the police and have confessed being hired by Melaye, to cause mayhem in the state, Moshood said.
One of the persons arrested was identified as 31 years-old Kabiru Saidu, a.k.a Osama. The other was Nuhu Salisu, who is 25 years-old. The third person charged to court was identified as Alhaji Muhammed Audu, a politician, who is now said to be at large.
The police said they seized from the thugs and their gang members , two AK47 rifles, five pump action guns, two locally made pistols and heaps of charms.
According to the police, the men not only confessed to have been involved in several kidnappings in the state and environs, they also claimed to be hired thugs for politicians.
“According to the gang leader, Osama, he has been working as a political thug for one Alhaji Mohammed Audu a Politician in the State.
”He said Alhaji Mohammed Audu invited him to Abuja and introduced him to Senator Dino Melaye and they met on Airport road, Abuja inside the Senator Dino Melaye's Car in the month of December, 2017.
“The suspect further confessed that Sen. Dino Melaye told him that they should start working for the Senator as his political thugs and they should recruit and train more other(sic) thugs to work for him in preparation toward 2019 General election to enable him ( Sen. Dino Melaye ) challenge his political opponents and disorganised Kogi State.
The police said Osama further confessed that Melaye handed over a bag containing one AK47 rifle, two Pump Action guns and the N430,000.00 to share with his boys.
“Consequent on the indictments and criminal confessions against Senator Dino Melaye by the principal suspect KABIRU SAIDU a.k.a OSAMA “31 YRS”, Nigeria Police Force, wrote a letter dated 2nd of March, 2018 addressed to the Senate President, Federal Republic of Nigeria informing and requesting him to release Senator Dino Melaye to report to Commissioner of Police, Kogi State Command on the 7th March, 2018 to answer to criminal offences levelled against him, to enable the Police carry out a discreet investigation into the confessions of the principal suspect against Senator Dino Melaye. But Senator Dino Melaye have refused to honour the Police invitation till date.
“A case of Criminal Conspiracy and unlawful possession of prohibited firearms have therefore been filed by the Nigeria Police Force at Federal High Court Lokoja on 16th March, 2018 against the two suspects mentioned above, Senator Dino Melaye and Alh. Mohammed Audu who is also a suspect in the matter and is now on the run.”
Ahmedabad: Over 5,000 people in Gujarat's Bhavnagar district, battling against the acquisition of land by a state power utility, have written letters to authorities seeking permission to die, a farmers' body leader on Tuesday claimed.
"A total of 5,259 people, comprising farmers and their family members from 12 affected villages, have sought "icchha mrityu (right to die) as the land they cultivate is being forcibly snatched by the state government and Gujarat Power Corporation Limited (GPCL)," claimed Narendrasinh Gohil, a local farmer and a member of Gujarat Khedut Samaj, an organisation fighting for farmers' rights.
He claimed that the letters, signed by these farmers and their kin, have been sent to the President of India, the prime minister and the chief minister of Gujarat.
Harshad Patel, Collector, Bhavnagar, said that the farmers had dropped these letters, in which they have demanded permission for "icchha mrityu", at the registry branch of the collectorate.
The registry branch receives and dispatches all the letters of the collectorate.
In the letter, the farmers accused the state government, and GPCL, of using police force to get them to vacate the land which the farmers claimed was being tilled by them for several years now.
The farmers alleged that GPCL was trying to possess the land more than 20 years after the power firm had acquired it, adding that such a move was against the law.
"As per the Land Acquisition Act, 2013, a company cannot take possession of a land which it had acquired more than five years ago. To possess such a land, it will have to initiate the process of acquisition afresh," Gohil said.
"On two occasions, the police have fired teargas on a peaceful gathering of farmers. We are being threatened and bullied by the government," Gohil alleged.
He added that the district administration has imposed section 144 of the CrPC, a provision prohibiting any assembly of persons the authorities term unlawful, in the 12 villages since over a month now.
"GPCL and Gujarat government want to usurp our land, despite the land legally belonging to the farmers. What shall we do in such a situation? If we do not have cultivable land, we shall be as good as dead," the letter claimed.
The farmers, in their letter, said that the "forcible acquisition" of land was making them feel like "terrorists" and, therefore, they would like to be killed by bullets fired by Army personnel.
"We wish for this because we have been made to feel like terrorists by the authority. So my last wish is to be killed at the hands of the army," the farmers said in the letters.
LOS ANGELES: U.S. comedian Roseanne Barr said she was tired of "being attacked and belittled" and blamed sleep aid Ambien for her tweet that compared a black former Obama administration official to an ape, a racist remark that sparked a wave of outrage.
Barr said in a series of Tweets on Tuesday and early on Wednesday that what she did was "unforgiveable" when she posted on Twitter that if the Islamist political movement "muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby = vj," referring to Valerie Jarrett, a former aide to President Barack Obama.
Advertisement
"It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible," she wrote. "I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but . . . don't defend it please."
In other Tweets, Barr said that she was tired of "being attacked and belittled more than other comedians who have said worse" and asked for people not to boycott ABC, saying that the network has the right to "do what they wish."
Walt Disney Co's ABC network on Tuesday canceled her popular U.S. television comedy "Roseanne" after her tweet.
Barr, 65, then apologized "for making a bad joke" about Jarrett, who is black and was born in Iran to American parents.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Don't feel sorry for me, guys!!," Barr said in a Tweet late on Tuesday. "I just want to apologize to the hundreds of people, and wonderful writers (all liberal) and talented actors who lost their jobs on my show due to my stupid tweet."
Jarrett, 61, said on Tuesday that Disney Chief Executive Bob Iger called her before ABC announced the show's cancellation.
Hollywood talent agency ICM said in a statement on Tuesday it will no longer represent Barr. Several networks said it was removing reruns of her show. Hulu said episodes of the new show would no longer be available on its streaming service.
The original "Roseanne" ran from 1988 to 1997, featuring a blue-collar family, the Conners, with overweight parents struggling to get by. It was praised for its realistic portrayal of working-class life.
The current "Roseanne" was ABC's biggest hit of the 2017-2018 season, drawing an average 18.7 million viewers, second only to CBS sitcom "The Big Bang Theory," according to Nielsen data through May 20.
Beijing - China's Foreign Ministry said they will work with the Pakistan government to investigate reports the two Chinese nationals abducted by the Islamic State in Quetta were missionaries.
In a statement released late on Tuesday, ministry spokesman Lu Kang said China attached great importance on protecting the safety and legal rights of Chinese nationals overseas, but they must adhere to local laws and regulations, and respect local traditions and customs.
“As for reports that the relevant Chinese nationals were suspected of illegal missionary work in Pakistan, we will cooperate with the Pakistan government and launch an investigation in accordance with the law,” Lu said.
The pair, identified by Pakistan authorities as Lee Zing Yang, 24, and Meng Li Si, 26, were abducted by armed men pretending to be policemen on May 24 in Quetta. Last week, Islamic State's Amaq news agency said its members had killed them.
The kidnapping was a rare crime against Chinese nationals in Pakistan, which has long had close ties to Beijing, but it has alarmed the growing Chinese community in the country.
Pakistan's Interior Ministry on Monday alleged for the first time that the two were preachers who had abused the visa system by posing as business people to enter the country.
“Instead of engaging in any business activity they went to Quetta and under the garb of learning Urdu language from a Korean national...were actually engaged in preaching,” the ministry said in a statement.
It did not say what kind of preachers they were, nor did it say if the Korean was from North Korea or South Korea.
In his statement, Lu reiterated that China opposed all forms of terrorism and commended the Pakistan government's pledge to continue protecting Chinese people and businesses in the country.
Reuters
The acquisition of Zeltiq Aesthetics' system for using cooling to eliminate fat cells gives Allergan access to the growing body-contouring market.
Allergan is adding a non-surgical fat reduction procedure to its portfolio of body-changing products by acquiring Zeltiq Aesthetics for $2.48 billion.
Zeltiq's CoolSculpting system uses cooling to eliminate fat cells, without affecting surrounding tissue. Allergan said the body-contouring market is worth $4 billion and Zeltiq is “highly complementary” to its facial aesthetics, plastic surgery and regenerative medicine businesses.
The all-cash deal prices Zeltiq at $56.50 per share, or a premium of 14.4% to the Friday close. In trading Monday, the stock was up 12.8%, at $55.73.
“With CoolSculpting, our offerings to plastic surgeons, dermatologists and aesthetic practitioners will now extend to three of the largest and fastest-growing segments of their practices, putting Allergan in a unique position to provide expanded customer service, and help meet the needs of patients,” Allergan CEO Brent Saunders said in a news release.
The deal continues a spurt of acquisitions by Allergan since its $160 billion merger with Pfizer collapsed in April. It purchased regenerative medicine business LifeCell Corp. for $2.9 billion and biotech company Vitae Pharmaceuticals for $1.5 billion.
In Allergan's last quarter, sales of medical aesthetic products including Botox accounted for 28% of its net revenue.
CoolSculpting is based on the scientific principle that fat cells are more sensitive to cold than the overlying skin and surrounding tissues. As Reuters reports, insurers do not cover the procedure, meaning the bulk of Zeltiq's more than $350 million in 2016 sales was paid directly by consumers.
“Allergan's world-class medical aesthetics products, global footprint, history and commitment to developing best-in-class aesthetic treatments makes the company ideally suited to realize the maximum commercial potential of the Zeltiq controlled-cooling technology platform,” Zeltiq CEO Mark Foley said.
Analyst Jonathan Block of the investment firm Stifel Financial Corp. said the deal would enable Allergan to sell multiple procedures to individual patients.
“The cross-selling opportunity between CoolSculpting and injectables could increase with a bundled sales approach,” he wrote in a client note.
Charlene Georgette Nickens, 74, of Wood River, passed away at 12:52 a.m. Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at SSM DePaul Health Center in St. Louis.
A celebration of life service will be 4 p.m. Friday, June 1, at Marks Mortuary in Wood River, with a visitation following the service until 6 p.m.
BELLEVILLE, Illinois: The suspect who opened fire on Republican lawmakers as they played baseball on Wednesday (Jun 14) raged against Republican US President Donald Trump on social media and idolized Bernie Sanders, whom he saw as the only politician who understood the working class.
Authorities identified the gunman as James Hodgkinson, a 66-year-old home inspector from the St. Louis suburb of Belleville, Illinois. He died from injuries sustained in a shoot-out with Capitol Hill police who were at the scene in Alexandria, Virginia, outside Washington.
Hodgkinson is believed by investigators to have been a person "of strong views," a senior US official said, without elaborating.
The Belleville News-Democrat newspaper posted a photograph of Hodgkinson protesting outside a post office there in 2012, wearing sunglasses and a goatee and holding a homemade placard that read "TAX the Rich."
Hodgkinson was a member of many anti-Republican groups on Facebook including "The Road to Hell Is Paved With Republicans," "Terminate The Republican Party," and "Donald Trump is not my President," his profile showed before it was taken down.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Trump won the US presidential election in November. Republicans also control both chambers of Congress.
"Trump is a Traitor. Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy. It's Time to Destroy Trump & Co." Hodgkinson wrote in a Mar 22 post. His profile picture was a US flag with the slogan: "Democratic Socialism explained in 3 words: 'We the People.'"
Hodgkinson went to Washington several weeks ago to protest against Trump's election, his brother told the New York Times.
The former mayor of Alexandria, Bill Euille, said he talked with the suspect at the local YMCA most mornings for more than a month, and even tried to help find Hodgkinson a job after seeing he was living out of a gym bag, the Washington Post said.
Stephen Brennwald, an Alexandria attorney, also saw Hodgkinson at the YMCA wearing long pants rather than gym attire, and said he often seemed to be staring into space.
"It's just very freaky to think that this guy who was just sitting in there for weeks, not really doing anything, actually turned out to shoot at people," Brennwald told Reuters.
'DESPICABLE ACT'
Hodgkinson's Facebook profile featured a cover photo of Sanders, a US senator from Vermont who ran unsuccessfully to be the Democratic Party's presidential candidate last year.
Sanders, an independent who ran as a progressive populist but was defeated by Hillary Clinton, said the suspect had "apparently volunteered" on his campaign. In a statement, Sanders condemned the shooting as a despicable act."
One woman who asked not to be named told Reuters that Hodgkinson had contacted her via Facebook as part of a political discussion, but that he subsequently commented on her page that Clinton was a "liar" and a "baby killer."
"I actually blocked him at one point," the woman said.
A bartender at the Pork Barrel BBQ in Alexandria said Hodgkinson started coming in for beers about a month ago.
"He was a regular-looking guy that kind of gave you a sense of the creeps, but you can't really put your finger on it," said Christina Shrimshaw, 27, who served him a handful of times but never remembered him discussing politics. "He would talk about very mundane things, like golf. He was big into watching the Golf Channel."
A neighbor in Belleville, William Schaumleffel, recalled how in March he heard gunshots and saw Hodgkinson shooting with a long gun toward woods across a corn field from his yard.
"I yelled at him: 'Hey, stop shooting over there. There are houses over there,'" Schaumleffel said. Hodgkinson did not stop, he added, so he filed a report with the sheriff's office.
Hodgkinson's criminal history included a 2006 arrest on battery charges that were later dismissed, as well as multiple traffic violations, according to state records that identified him as a 5-foot, 6-inch (1.67m) man weighing 190 pounds (86kg), with brown eyes. Most of the infractions were ultimately dropped.
Hodgkinson had been licensed as a home inspector and real estate appraiser, but did not renew his home inspector license after it expired last year, state records showed. His license to appraise real estate expired in 1997.
According to Facebook, Hodgkinson went to Belleville Township High School West and studied flight training at Southwestern Illinois College.
Beginning in mid-2015, Hodgkinson began expressing support for Sanders' 2016 campaign, and federal records showed he donated US$18 to the effort.
"Bernie is the Only Candidate in Decades that Really Cares about the Working Class," Hodgkinson posted on Jun 13, 2016.
The Belleville News-Democrat published letters he wrote the paper criticizing Republicans, tax policies and income inequality. One from August 2012 read: "I have never said 'life sucks,' only the policies of the Republicans."
The dad who had three daughters abused by Nassar tries to attack the doctor in court
A distraught father seething over sexual abuse suffered by three daughters tried to attack former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom Friday after a judge rejected his request to confront the “demon” in a locked room, a stunning rush that reflected the anguish felt by parents who trusted him with their children.
Randall Margraves was blocked by an attorney, tackled by sheriff's deputies and hauled out of court. He later apologized, saying he had lost control. Eaton County Judge Janice Cunningham said there was “no way” she would fine him or send him to jail under her contempt-of-court powers.
“I don't know what it would be like to stand there as a father and know that three of your girls were injured physically and emotionally by somebody sitting in a courtroom. I can't imagine that,” the judge said.
Nonetheless, she added, it is “not acceptable that we combat assault with assault.”
“I cannot tolerate or condone vigilantism or any other type of action that basically comes down to an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth,” Cunningham said.
RELATED: U.S. gymnastics doctor faces another sentence, victims return to court
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar, who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment. This case focuses on his work at Twistars, an elite gymnastics club southwest of Lansing. It follows a hearing last week where Nassar, 54, was sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison for assaults at Michigan State University and his home.
Nassar pleaded guilty to molesting nine victims in Eaton and Ingham counties, but the courts have been open to anyone who says she was assaulted during Nassar's decades of work at Michigan State, Twistars and USA Gymnastics, which trains Olympians. More than 200 accusers so far have spoken or submitted statements in the two counties, and at least 80 per cent have agreed to be publicly identified.
Margraves' dramatic move occurred after he listened to two of his daughters speak in court for 10 minutes. Lauren Margraves, a college student, said her parents were “filled with regret” because they took three daughters to see Nassar for sports injuries.
RELATED: U.S. gymnastics doctor sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison
“I see the look in their faces and I know they want to be able to do something but they can't,” she told Nassar. “The guilt they have will never go away. All this is because of you.”
Her father then stepped up and asked the judge if she would grant him “five minutes in a locked room with this demon.” Cunningham declined and also turned down his request for “one minute.” That is when Randall Margraves rushed toward Nassar.
There were gasps and tears in the courtroom. Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis turned to the gallery and told families to “use your words,” not violence.
“This is letting him have this power over us,” she said. “We cannot behave like this.”
During a return to court, Margraves told the judge that he just snapped. He said he had not known what exactly his daughters were going to say about their abuse.
“I look over here and Larry Nassar's shaking his head, no, like it didn't happen. … I'm embarrassed,” Margraves said of his conduct. “I'm not here to upstage my daughters. I'm here to help them heal.”
About 30 more people spoke in person, by video or had statements read after the incident. The case will end Monday with final remarks from the prosecutor, defence and Nassar, followed by the judge's sentence. Nassar faces a minimum of 25 to 40 years in prison in this case.
Outside court, Melissa Alexander Vigogne, who travelled from France to speak, said she was surprised that an attack had not been attempted earlier.
“It's not that that's how we should respond. But it's truly understandable — the amount of pain that we've all gone through,” Vigogne said of Margraves' actions.
Sheriff Tom Reich said his officers will investigate what happened in court and send a report to the local prosecutor.
The judge started the day by addressing comments made by a Nassar lawyer who said she had doubts about the large number of women and girls who say they were assaulted by Nassar. Cunningham called Shannon Smith's remarks “unfortunate” and said Nassar did not authorize them.
Smith told Detroit radio station WWJ that it is “really unfortunate” if some people stepped forward only because of all the recent attention. Nassar released a statement saying Smith's comments were a distraction and that his accusers' remarks “have pierced my soul.”
RELATED: Governor orders criminal probe of Texas gymnastics ranch
Many of Nassar's accusers have blamed Michigan State, USA Gymnastics and the U.S. Olympic Committee for not doing earlier to stop him. The USOC announced Friday that it hired a law firm to conduct an independent investigation. And the co-ordinator of the women's national team for USA Gymnastics, Valeri Liukin, said he was stepping down.
Nassar soon will be under three prison sentences. His first, 60 years in a federal prison, was ordered in December for child pornography crimes.
___
The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Did Joseph Duggar and his fiancée tie the knot? (OK! Magazine)
Rachel Lindsay and Bryan Abasolo go all out for their engagement party! (OK! Magazine)
Lily Rose Depp exposes stick-thin bikini body. (Star Magazine)
Kim Kardashian caught in shoplifting scandal! (Naughty Gossip)
Every comet, asteroid, and planetoid astronomers have been able to examine up close is native to our solar system, but scientists have long theorized an interstellar visitor could one day come rocketing through our neighborhood. That's exactly what happened earlier this year when researchers at the Pan-STARRS observatory detected ‘Oumuamua, the first asteroid from interstellar space ever discovered. It's moving so fast that we'll never be able to catch up to it, but a radio astronomy project backed by Russian billionaire Yuri Milner has announced a plan to take a closer look at the object to see if it's emitting any signals.
‘Oumuamua is an unusual object in several ways, which made it difficult to identify when it was discovered a few months ago. Astronomers first thought it was a comet based on what we know about solar system formation, but further observations showed it lacked the gas and dust envelope of a comet. Thus, astronomers determined ‘Oumuamua was actually an elongated asteroid between 30 and 180 meters in length.
The International Astronomical Union eventually created a new naming scheme with an I-designation for interstellar objects, so ‘Oumuamua's official name is 1I/2017 U1 (‘Oumuamua). What if it's not an asteroid, though? What if it's an alien spaceship? It's probably not, but we should be sure, right?
We know that ‘Oumuamua is from another solar system because it has an orbital eccentricity of 1.20, meaning it's well past the sun's escape velocity. Nothing that originated in our solar system could have reached such a high speed, so ‘Oumuamua comes from someplace else. It's currently on its way out of the solar system at 38.3 kilometers per second (23.8 miles per second). We can't catch up to it, but the Breakthrough Listen project can still take a closer look.
Milner says Breakthrough Listen will begin using the Green Bank Telescope to scan ‘Oumuamua this week. The telescope will observe the asteroid for 10 hours across four radio bands. If it's emitting any radio frequency energy, Breakthrough Listen should be able to pick it up. This might be our last chance to learn something about ‘Oumuamua before it's too far away to study. Next year, it will pass the orbit of Jupiter, and by the mid-2020s, it will pass into the Kuiper Belt.
Odds are that Breakthrough Listen will detect nothing from the object. After all, it's probably been falling through interstellar space for millions of years, and that'd have to one durable alien spaceship to still be working. Still, if there's some signal emanating from ‘Oumuamua, that's probably something we should know about.
NEW YORK: The media love contrarian man-bites-dog stories that purport to debunk long-established beliefs and advice.
Among the most popular on the health front are reports that saturated fats do not cause heart disease and that the vegetable oils we've been encouraged to use instead may actually promote it.
But the best-established facts on dietary fats say otherwise. How well polyunsaturated vegetable oils hold up health-wise when matched against saturated fats like butter, beef fat, lard and even coconut oil depends on the quality, size and length of the studies, and what foods are eaten when fewer saturated fats are consumed.
So, before you succumb to wishful thinking that you can eat well-marbled steaks, pork ribs and full-fat dairy products with abandon, you'd be wise to consider the findings of what is probably the most comprehensive, commercially untainted review of the dietary fat literature yet published.
They are found in a 26-page advisory prepared for the American Heart Association and published last June by a team of experts led by Dr Frank M. Sacks, professor of cardiovascular disease prevention at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health.
The report helps to explain why the decades-long campaign to curb cardiovascular disease by steering the American diet away from animal fats has been less successful than it might have been, and how it inadvertently promoted expanding waistlines and an epidemic of Type 2 diabetes.
Advertisement
Advertisement
When people cut back on a particular nutrient, they usually replace it with something else to maintain their needed caloric input.
Unfortunately, in too many cases, saturated fats - and fats in general - gave way to refined carbohydrates and sugars, the so-called SnackWell phenomenon that prompted fat-wary eaters to overindulge in high-calorie, low-nutrient foods.
Still, people do miss their unhealthy fats and, in the latest rage, many have latched onto coconut oil in the mistaken belief that its main highly saturated fat, lauric acid, and other nutrients can enhance health rather than undermine it.
As documented in the new advisory, misleading conclusions that saturated fats do not affect the risk of developing and dying from cardiovascular diseases have largely resulted from studies that were done in good faith but failed to take into account what people who avoided saturated fats ate in their place.
Several of the otherwise well-designed trials involved too few participants or did not last long enough to reach a scientifically valid conclusion. It can take up to a decade or longer to show that consuming healthier fats can produce a decline in cardiovascular deaths, and few well-controlled clinical trials last that long.
Some studies may have failed to show a benefit from reducing saturated fats because participants substituted margarine and other partially hydrogenated vegetable oils containing trans fats that were later shown to be even more damaging to blood vessels than animal fats.
This was a problem in the Sydney Heart Study, conducted from 1968 to 1973; the experimental group was given margarine high in trans fats, resulting in more cardiovascular events than among those who continued to eat lots of saturated fats like butter.
On the other hand, as Sacks' team summarised the results of four “core” trials conducted in the 1960s, lowering saturated fat and replacing it with vegetable oil rich in polyunsaturated fat, primarily soybean oil free of trans fats, lowered coronary heart disease by 29 per cent, similar to the benefit from taking a statin to reduce cholesterol.
In later studies, the most important influence on the results was the types of foods study participants ate in place of saturated and other fats. For example, in a study of 252 British men who had suffered heart attacks, following a low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet reduced cholesterol levels by a meager 5 per cent, and had virtually no effect on future heart attacks.
The carbohydrates they ate were mainly refined, low-fibre flours and sugars that promote weight gain and diabetes, two leading risk factors for heart disease.
In North America and Europe, the team noted, the effect of lowering saturated fat was essentially negated by people's consumption of more “refined grains, fruit juice, sweet desserts and snacks, sugar-sweetened beverages, and other foods” that hardly promote good health.
Alas, the advisory team noted, there have been no trials to date testing the cardiovascular benefits of replacing dietary fat with “healthful nutrient-dense carbohydrates and fibre-rich foods such as whole grains, vegetables, fruits and legumes that are now recommended in dietary guidelines".
However, the most recent studies conducted that analysed the effects of specific nutrients showed that when 5 per cent of calories from saturated fats were replaced by an equal number of calories from polyunsaturated fats, monounsaturated fats (like olive and canola oils) or whole-grain carbohydrates, the risk of coronary heart disease was reduced respectively by 25 per cent, 15 per cent and 9 per cent.
Furthermore, when polyunsaturates and monounsaturates replace saturated fats, death rates decline from cancer, dementia and lung diseases as well as from heart disease and stroke, the team reported.
In other words, if you are truly concerned about preserving good health over all, focus on a Mediterranean-style diet heavy on plant foods and unsaturated vegetable oils, with whole grains like brown rice and bulgur, fruits and vegetables as the main sources of carbohydrates.
In an interview, Sacks said the advice derived from the best research “is pretty straightforward: Consume few saturated fats like butter, full-fat dairy, beef and pork fat, and coconut, palm and palm kernel oils, and replace them with natural vegetable oils high in polyunsaturates - corn, soybean, safflower, sunflower, peanut, walnut and grapeseed oils". Also healthful are canola and olive oil, rich in both monounsaturates and polyunsaturates.
Currently, Dr Walter Willett, professor of epidemiology and nutrition at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, said that based on the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, “almost half the calories in the American diet come from carbohydrates, and of those, 80 per cent are from refined starches, sugar and potatoes. The average American diet is not very healthy".
In an interview, he described dairy fat as “not optimal - not nearly as good as plant fats but not quite as bad as other animal fats”. He said: “You don't have to totally abandon cheese, but dairy foods should be limited to one serving every one to three days, not three servings a day”.
As for coconut oil, Sacks said: “It's the nutritional fat du jour but it has not been proven to be healthful.” It is fine to use “on your body”, he said, as a moisturiser for skin or hair, “but not necessarily in your body”, although consuming small amounts is unlikely to be harmful.
By Jane E. Brody
SHERIDAN — The next round of Conversations in History will take place Wednesday at 10:30 a.m. at The Hub on Smith.
The focus of the presentation by Helen Laumann and the Sheridan County Historical Society will be the beginning of the Wrench Ranch in 1882.
The Hub on Smith is located at 211 Smith St.
Dewas: Four men allegedly raped a 19-year-old woman, who was lured on the pretext of being provided with a job, in a forest, police said on Wednesday. A man and a woman, who had called the victim to Dewas promising her a job, were arrested, Kotwali police station in-charge MS Parmar said.
The victim, who hailed from Khargone district, reached Dewas on Monday around 9.30 pm and called the accused woman who sent Manoj alias Sunny Gurjar to pick her up, he said. However, Gurjar drove the victim, on his motorcycle, to a deserted place outside the city where three men joined him, he said.
The four accused tied the victim to a tree and allegedly raped her. On seeing flashlights of a vehicle in the area, the accused fled the spot leaving the victim there, Parmar said. He said the victim somehow managed to untie herself and after asking for help from passersby, she reached the police station and filed a complaint against the accused.
The police filed an FIR on Tuesday against the four men and the woman under relevant IPC sections, he said.
Gurjar and Shruti alias Rashmi were subsequently arrested while a search was on for the other three accused, Parmar said. Rashmi was a resident of Indore but had been missing from her home for one year. She was living with Gurjar, he said, adding that her family members had last year registered a missing person complaint in Indore.
Disney has released two international posters for Cars 3, which show Lightning McQueen squaring off against two young racers Cruz Ramirez (Cristela Alonzo) and Jackson Storm (Armie Hammer). While Jackson Storm becomes his most contested rival on the Piston Cup circuit, Cruz Ramirez is actually on Lightning's side, serving as his new trainer to help him beat the young upstart. The first poster teases a scene we've previously seen in early concept art, which may be an homage to an iconic movie.
BadTaste.it debuted these posters, the first of which shows Lightning McQueen on the beach. You may recall that, back in May, Disney revealed concept art that showed Lightning McQueen and Cruz Ramirez racing on the sand, which may or may not be an homage to the iconic oceanside race between Rocky Balboa (Sylvester Stallone) and Apollo Creed (Carl Weathers) in Rocky 3. The second poster, however, is set at a packed racing arena, with Lightning and Jackson Storm facing off, as Old Man Lightning puts his new training to the test against this Millennial jerk.
Jackson Storm and Cruz Ramirez won't be the only new characters debuting in Cars 3. Pixar announced last month that Kerry Washington has come aboard to voice racing analyst Natalie Certain, with Nathan Fillion providing the voice of businesscar Sterling and Lea DeLaria as demolition derby legend Miss Fritter. Real-life racing legend Lewis Hamilton, a three-time Formula 1 champion, will voice Hamilton, a voice command assistant for Cruz Ramirez. Reprising their roles from the first two movies are Larry the Cable Guy as Mater, Bonnie Hunt as Sally, Lloyd Sherr as Fillmore, Paul Dooley as Sarge, Katherine Helmond as Lizzie, Cheech Marin as Ramon, Michael Wallis as Sheriff, Jennifer Lewis as Flo, John Ratzenberger as Mack, Tony Shalhoub as Luigi, Guido Quaroni as Guido, Bob Costas as Bob Cutlass, Bob Peterson as Chick Hicks, Ray Magliozzi as Dusty and Tom Magliozzi as Rusty.
Brian Fee makes his directorial debut with Cars 3, but the filmmaker is no stranger to the franchise. He has served as a storyboard artist on both Cars and Cars 2, along with other Pixar hits such as Wall-E and Ratatouille. His other credits include serving as a prop designer on The Fox and the Hound 2, Tarzan 2, Mulan 2, 101 Dalmatians 2: Patch's London Adventure and The Little Mermaid 2: Return to the Sea. He also served as a story artist on Monsters University, and was part of the senior creative team on Inside Out. If this animated sequel becomes as big a hit as its predecessors, it could be the star of a long directorial career at Pixar for Brian Fee.
Disney has set a June 16 release date for this Cars sequel, which opens against Open Road's Tupac Shakur biopic All Eyez on Me, Sony's R-rated comedy Rough Night and Entertainment Studios' thriller 47 Meters Down. It is also sandwiched between Universal's The Mummy reboot on June 9 and Paramount's action sequel Transformers: The Last Knight on June 23. Cars kicked off this franchise in 2006, with the first movie earning $244 million domestic and $462.2 million worldwide, from a $120 million budget. The 2011 sequel Cars 2 didn't fare quite as well domestically ($191.4 million) but did prove to be a bigger hit overseas ($370.6 million) for a worldwide tally of $562.1 million from a $200 million budget. Take a look at these new posters from Cars 3 below.
A broken valve has left dozens of homes in Manoa without water.
The Board of Water Supply says a hydrant was reportedly broken on Woodlawn Drive Monday morning.
As crews worked on repairs, a valve blew, forcing them to shut off the water to roughly 50 homes.
One lane remains closed at Alani Drive and crews are expected to work through the night.
Water wagons are stationed on Woodlawn Drive, Alani Drive, and Akaka Place.
Dusan Stojanovic and Bassem Mroue, The Associated Press Jan 2, 2017
ISTANBUL — The Islamic State group on Monday claimed responsibility for the New Year's attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people, including one Canadian, and wounded scores of others.
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the attack was carried out by a “heroic soldier of the caliphate who attacked the most famous nightclub where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast.”
It said the man opened fire from an automatic rifle in “revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders” of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
The group described Turkey as “the servant of the cross.”
Earlier, Turkish media reports had said that Turkish authorities believed the IS group was behind the attack and that the gunman, who is still at large, comes from a Central Asian nation and is likely to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
According to Hurriyet and Karar newspapers, police had also established similarities with the high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell could have carried out both attacks.
The gunman killed a policeman and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before entering and firing at an estimated 600 people partying inside with an automatic rifle.
Nearly two-thirds of the dead in the upscale club, which is frequented by local celebrities, were foreigners, Turkey's Anadolu Agency said. Many of them hailed from the Middle East.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau confirmed late Sunday that a Canadian was among those who died in the massacre.
“We mourn with the people of Turkey today and with all countries who lost citizens in this vicious attack,” Trudeau said in a statement.
“We also grieve the senseless loss of a Canadian citizen and remain steadfast in our determination to work with allies and partners to fight terrorism and hold perpetrators to account.”
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey, which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq. The country endured multiple bombings in 2016, including three in Istanbul alone that authorities blamed on IS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
The Islamic State group claims to have cells in the country. Analysts think it was behind suicide bombings last January and March that targeted tourists on Istanbul's iconic Istiklal Street as well as the attack at Ataturk Airport in June, which killed 45 people.
In December, IS released a video purportedly showing the killing of two Turkish soldiers and urged its supporters to “conquer” Istanbul. Turkey's jets regularly bomb the group in the northern Syrian town of Al-Bab. Turkish authorities have not confirmed the authenticity of the video.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by “taking advantage of the chaos” that ensued. Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack.
- With file from The Canadian Press
By Marcy Nicholson and Amanda Cooper
CALGARY/LONDON (Reuters) - Brent oil rose on Wednesday, driven higher by a threat from an Iranian commander and a drop in U.S. crude inventories for the second week in a row.
The price rose above $78 a barrel after an Iranian Revolutionary Guards commander said he was ready to prevent regional crude exports if Iranian oil sales were banned by the United States.
The most-active Brent futures contract for September delivery settled up 48 cents at $78.24 per barrel. U.S. crude futures were up 19 cents at $74.33 a barrel, within sight of Tuesday's 3-1/2-year high above $75 a barrel. The U.S. market will not have a settlement price due to the U.S. Independence Day holiday.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani appeared on Tuesday to threaten to disrupt oil shipments from neighboring states if Washington continued to press all countries to stop buying Iranian oil.
Looming U.S. sanctions on Iranian crude exports, force majeure in Libya and unplanned pipeline outages in Nigeria have been clouding the supply outlook despite rising output by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries.
"In an ideal world an increase in global or regional oil production would have downward pressure on prices. These are, however, no normal times as supply outages are almost weekly occurrences," PVM Oil Associates strategist Tamas Varga said.
"Under these circumstances it is justified to argue for higher prices when production increases are announced," he said.
Crude inventories fell by 4.5 million barrels in the week to June 29 to 416.9 million, compared with analysts' expectations for a decrease of 3.5 million barrels. Crude stocks at the Cushing, Oklahoma, delivery hub fell by 2.6 million barrels, API said. Crude stockpiles at oil storage facilities in Cushing have dropped after an outage at Syncrude Canada's 360,000 barrels per day (bpd) oil sands facility near Fort McMurray, Alberta.
Trading had been expected to be limited on Wednesday by the U.S. national holiday, although the market has been more volatile.
Implied options volatility, a way of measuring uncertainty among crude oil traders and investors, is at its highest since the run-up to last month's OPEC meeting where an agreement was reached to ease output curbs in place since January 2017.
With the outlook unclear, investors were turning to options to protect themselves against any sudden move, said Harry Tchilinguirian, head of commodities strategy at BNP Paribas.
"When there is consolidation in the market, there is also the expectation of an eventual price breakout in either direction. So in the options market, the volatility gets bid up," he told the Reuters Global Oil Forum.
Investors can bet on various aspects of an option, from the premium to the price to how much that option might move.
(Additional reporting by Henning Gloystein in Singapore; Editing by Edmund Blair and Chris Reese)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Jump to a Region
© 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Volkswagen expects cash outflows of 4-5 billion euros (US$4.7-5.9 billion) next year in relation to the dieselgate emissions cheating scandal, the carmaker's Chief Financial Officer Frank Witter told journalists on Monday.
WOLFSBURG, Germany: Volkswagen expects cash outflows of 4-5 billion euros (US$4.7-5.9 billion) next year in relation to the dieselgate emissions cheating scandal, the carmaker's Chief Financial Officer Frank Witter told journalists on Monday.
"I am not at all relaxed with regard to the diesel issue," Witter said. The figure is below the up to 17 billion euros in outflows expected this year.
Dieselgate has so far cost the company more than 25 billion euros and contributed to a strategy shift in the sector toward electric vehicles, with most manufacturers having announced far-reaching investment packages.
(Reporting by Jan Schwartz; Writing by Christoph Steitz; Editing by Georgina Prodhan)
frikaans singer Steve Hofmeyr has distanced himself from fundraising efforts to send him to the US for talks with President Donald Trump.
He became suspicious about Kommandosorg, the organisation which wants him to ask Trump for help to stop the “genocide” of white Afrikaners.
Hofmeyr answered Netwerk24‘s questions about his decision via SMS.
He said he became concerned about John Rudman, the man in charge of the campaign, after the Boere Krisis Aksie (BKA) said on his Facebook page that Rudman had a criminal history and that the collection of money was a scam.
“I initially ignored the ridicule of Rudman because I always give anyone the benefit of the doubt,” he said in text messages forwarded by Hofmeyr's assistant Leeza Mulder.
“When Kommandosorg placed a picture of my farm on a poster as the leader of a new Republican party of which I know nothing, it was too much for me.
“I want to be part of a new generation tribe nationalists without hatred for other peoples and nations, but then the modus operandi should be transparent and honest.”
Hofmeyr said if an appointment was made for him to visit Trump, he would pay for his own ticket.
“Fundraising is not the problem. I get up to R100 000 offers per day. The diplomatic red tape is more problematic, and tweets to Ivanka (Trump's daughter) does not help.”
Rudman sent several tweets to Ivanka and Trump's wife, Melania.
“The campaign is still a great project that would have worked better with all the role-players' co-operation,” Hofmeyr said earlier on Facebook.
“Mister Rudman and I have not spoken to each other at all. The real test of his bona fides will be if he refunds each donor with their money or to keep the money safe until a White House visit could happen.”
Rudman said he understood why Steve withdrew.
“He is a big name, and does not engage in any dishonesty. However, I have not committed any crime. Therefore I sent a SMS to Steve and invited him to visit our offices in Despatch so that I can prove that he is not involved in scams.”
Hofmeyr has not yet confirmed whether he received the invitation.
[Source: News24]
Comments
comments
A BBC journalist on a reporting trip to cover a health and malnutrition crisis in Indonesia's easternmost area of Papua was forced to leave the province after the country's military said tweets she sent on her trip had "hurt soldiers' feelings".
JAKARTA: A BBC journalist on a reporting trip to cover a health and malnutrition crisis in Indonesia's easternmost area of Papua was forced to leave the province after the country's military said tweets she sent on her trip had "hurt soldiers' feelings".
Papua is one of Indonesia's poorest areas and President Joko Widodo after coming to power in 2014 pledged to speed up its development and ease media restrictions in the area, where there has been a simmering secessionist movement.
But while investment has risen and efforts made to address some human rights concerns, activists say foreign journalists continue to be blocked or face obstacles when trying to report.
Indonesia's military said in a statement that a tweet sent by Rebecca Henschke, BBC Indonesia's editor, had "hurt the feelings of TNI (Indonesian military) personnel" involved in relief efforts in the Asmat area.
Henschke had tweeted a photo of supplies on her personal Twitter account, adding: "This is the aid coming in for severely malnourished children in Papua - instant noodles, super sweet soft drinks and biscuits."
Papua military spokesman Colonel Muhammad Aidi said: "(The food and drink) that she took the picture of at the speedboat pier are not donations or aid. It was merchandise from merchants that was incidentally there." Aidi also described two other tweets as misleading.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Henschke, a Jakarta-based Australian citizen, later took down the photograph and tweeted: "Adding important NOTE: Other sources say this is NOT aid but normal supplies. Huge relief effort underway here."
Indonesia has deployed additional military personnel to help in Asmat, where at least 61 infants are reported to have died from malnutrition and diseases such as measles.
Henschke had asked to be allowed to continue covering the story during questioning by security forces over her tweets on Friday, but was escorted to the city of Timika and held by immigration, the military statement said.
Henschke declined to comment, but a BBC spokesperson said via email: "A BBC team on a deployment to Papua province has now returned to Jakarta. They had the necessary documentation and the authorities were aware of their visit. The BBC respects local laws wherever it operates."
Many Papuans, who are predominantly Christian and a minority in Muslim-majority Indonesia, criticise Jakarta for neglecting Papua and instead being too focussed on the densely-populated island of Java.
Catholic priest and rights activist John Jonga blamed the crisis on a lack of vaccinations and a switch from more nutritious tubers to rice as a staple food. Some of the forest-dwelling Asmat are also reported to be increasingly relying on instant food or energy drinks.
Andreas Harsono of Human Rights Watch said Henschke's treatment showed pledges to open up Papua had not materialised.
"She had her travel permit - the only Indonesian area where foreign journalists need to get a permit to visit - and still got intimidation for a single tweet," said Harsono.
A presidential spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
(Editing by Mark Heinrich)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A British Army Captain has died at an airbase in Iraq.
The Ministry of Defence said it was investigating after Captain Dean Sprouting, of the Adjutant General's Corps, died at the Al Asad airbase on Wednesday.
It confirmed the soldier did not die as a result of "enemy activity".
Captain Sprouting served with Black Watch, 3rd Battalion, Royal Regiment of Scotland.
His commanding officer Lt Col Rob Hedderwick said: "It is hard to do justice to a man such as Dean Sprouting with simple words.
"In no time at all he had become an indispensable part of the battalion, not only for his professional expertise but also for his compassionate manner and camaraderie.
"His intelligence and sharp wit was apparent from the outset; there was an ever-present twinkle in his eye and he would gladly admit that his youth had been full of adventure.
"Dean was simply one of those people whose infectious humour and enthusiasm drew others to him. His professional knowledge was second to none and his sage advice already something I had come to rely on.
"His loss is keenly felt by us all and our thoughts and prayers are with his wife and children whom I know he cherished more than anything else in this world.
"I am hugely proud and thankful to have known him. He was a very good man."
The dad-of-two, of Denny, Stirlingshire, joined the army in 1989 and had served in places including Northern Yugoslavia, Cyprus and Kosovo, Sudan, Angola and Germany.
An investigation has been launched to establish the circumstances of the incident.
Minister for the Armed Forces Mark Lancaster said: "Our thoughts are with his family and friends at this very difficult time.
"An investigation is under way to establish the detail but it is not a result of enemy activity."
Janneth!Gaoses
The Namibian women's rugby team has been invited to take part in the Women's Sevens Africa Cup, scheduled to take place in Tunisia later this year.
Namibia has been selected along with seven other countries, including defending champions South Africa, to take part in the event.
The tournament is scheduled to take place on the 16th and 17th of September.
The women's team has been unable to successfully take part in international leagues or tournaments for nearly two years, because of financial constraints currently plaguing different sport codes.
With players not getting enough game time, sport administrators are concerned about getting players fit and ready for the tournaments.
Asked about the performance of the women on the international scene, Christo Alexander from the Namibia Rugby Union says there is much to be done.
"There is a huge improvement in the quality of the games now. We started off in the 10th position, now we have been at the 8th in the last two tournaments. There is still a long way for the girls to go." he said.
Alexander explains that the Union is planning to engage tertiary institutions as well the Police academy to get on board to recruit women players from all spheres to improve the quality of the game.
" I just had some talks with the police college because we want to engage them as one team. There are ladies who play at Phoenix. We also like to engage the universities, UNAM as well as NUST. Maybe they can combine a team and we can do a 5 team tournament."
It will be the first time for the Namibian team to get an opportunity to try and qualify for the Women's Sevens Rugby World Cup in 2018.
The winner of the Women's Sevens Africa cup will automatically compete in the World Cup.
CTV London
An arrest has been made by Sarnia police after a pedestrian was struck early Sunday morning.
It happened at 1:30 a.m. in the 1700 block of Lakeshore Road.
The 29-year-old man suffered serious injuries and was eventually transported to a London hospital for medical treatment.
Just before 10 a.m. Monday, Boady Santavy, 20, from Sarnia, turned himself into police.
Santavy is a local weightlifter who is preparing for the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Australia next month.
Santavy was charged for failing to remain at the scene and was released.
If anyone witnessed the collision or has any information, they are asked to call Sarnia police at 519-344-8861, ext 6152.
By their 2013 fiscal year, they had a surplus of $802,713. That surplus continued until the 2015 fiscal year, when they reported a deficit of $335,743. That number has more than doubled since then, with a reported deficit of $848,628 in 2016 according to their 990 tax returns. Last week, they laid off their entire staff.
It certainly doesn't look good, and no doubt grievous mistakes were made by the organization's leadership. (Attempts to reach two board co-chairs for this article did not garner response.)
Last week Intermedia was packed, both inside the gallery and out in the parking lot, for the opening reception of “Festival de las Calaveras: Día de los Muertos,” an exhibition featuring photography, drawings, paintings, and mixed-media work from local Latinx artists. The atmosphere, perhaps heightened by the tone of the show itself, was that of grief, shock, and sadness. Artists, community members, staff, and board members came together. Some people hugged, others had tears in their eyes.
The organization, which was formed in 1973 by University of Minnesota student activists, moved into their iconic mural and street art-decorated building on Lyndale Avenue in 1994.
Intermedia Arts is a special place. It's a place where emerging artists can participate in their first show, and established artists can present their work in a supported environment. For partnering performance groups, the theater space is top notch; it's one of the only places in town that seats around 100 people with a high degree of tech capabilities.
“There's something about doing a show at Intermedia's space that ramps up artistic quality,” says Scott Artley, executive director of Patrick's Cabaret. Through working with Intermedia, “for the first time we were presenting artists in a way that felt like it really valued and made value to their work.”
Patrick's Cabaret, which lost its home in 2016, has continued its operations in the Intermedia annex space. After their current show, Controlled Burn, has its run, they have drafts of contracts for two events in March. However, Artley hasn't had an update about what will happen between now and then.
Choreographer and producer Maia Maiden, whose artist showcases include Rooted: Hip Hop Choreographer's Evening and Sistah Solo|Being Brothas, first became associated with Intermedia around 2008 or 2009 through women's hip-hop festival B-Girl Be.
“The space is unique,” Maiden says. “It has a real community connection. They have made sure that artists are at the forefront; that artists have a real space to speak their mind and be true to themselves.”
Maiden feels sad about the news of Intermedia's financial troubles. She hopes the community can receive clarification on how these mistakes can be prevented in the future. “Why are we in this situation? How did we get to this place? To have everything seemed to be okay and then literally close within a week is devastating.”
Visual artist and teacher Katrina Knutson has curated shows at Intermedia, helped with gallery installs and de-installs, and event got married in the space in 2015. She first became associated with Intermedia through B-Girl Be, where she helped create a mural on the outside of the building. “It was my first time painting a legal wall,” says Knutson, whose background is in street art. “It is how I made my connections in the art scene in Minneapolis.”
Intermedia's outdoor walls have had a big evolution. Initially they were free walls where artists from the community could welcome to paint what they liked. Eventually, they were curated by different people in the community. For the last two years, Joy Spika has tied the walls a bit more to what's going on in the gallery and the theater.
“It really breaks my heart, knowing how well they actually connect with the youth, how empowered youth actually feel,” Knutson says. Just as she herself did when she was younger, people come to Intermedia “to make connections and learn how to make it in the world of art and beyond.”
That's been true for Faheem Neuman, a high school student who was participating in Team Media Access. Neuman was one of a group of paid youth learning about video and media through creating content for clients.
He hopes the program can continue somehow. “As long as they are still saying we are meeting up, I'm going to meet up,” he says. “But I'm not going to look to Intermedia as a source of income.”
Photographer Anna Min, who was hired by the gallery early in her career to take publicity photographs, and has also presented her work there, and is currently a monthly donor, along with her partner. “I'm still donating monthly right now. It's a question mark,” she says.
"Too big to fail" was a popular refrain of the 2008 financial crisis. Meaning, some banks and financial institutions were so big that if they were to fail, the consequences would be devastating to the economy. So businesses like Fannie Mae and AIG received bailouts in order to divert disaster.
What if we thought about that phrase in a different way? What if instead of “too big to fail” we changed it to “too important to fail,” and the key point was how much value an institution brought to a community? Not monetary value, but spiritual and artistic value: providing hope, bridging relationships, heralding unrepresented voices.
Who would get a bailed out then?
Can we afford to lose Intermedia Arts? Not only is it a safe space for marginalized groups -- including people of color, LGBTQ, indigenous communities, Latinx groups -- but it has actively worked to give voice to those different communities in an equitable way.
This Sunday, from 4 to 7 p.m., Rogues of Intermedia, an ad-hoc group of artists associated with Intermedia in different ways, will be leading an event (note: it is not organized by the board of directors). The Rogues are raising funds to support staff and artists impacted by IA's transition, and are strategizing next steps. The event will feature performances by Desdamona Ross and others. They are also raising funds to go toward the artists here.
REUTERS: Merck & Co Inc said on Tuesday it will halt a late-stage trial of an Alzheimer's drug after it was determined that it had no chance of working, marking the latest in a long line of crushing disappointments in efforts to find an effective treatment for the mind-wasting disease.
The company was testing its drug, verubecestat, in patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. But an independent data monitoring committee determined that there was "virtually no chance of finding a positive clinical effect" and recommended the trial be stopped for futility.
The news sent Merck shares down nearly 2 percent in after hours trading.
Verubecestat belongs to a class of experimental Alzheimer's drugs called BACE1 inhibitors that target an enzyme involved in the formation of the toxic amyloid protein that turns into plaques in the brains of Alzheimer's patients.
Several companies are pinning hopes on Alzheimer's treatments using the BASE inhibitor mechanism, including Eli Lilly and Co, Biogen and Novartis in collaboration with Amgen Inc.
Lilly previously endured multiple failures with its solanezumab, which also targets beta amyloid, but in a different way. In the most recent setback, Lilly said that drug failed to slow declines in mental capacity of patients with even mild symptoms.
Researchers are increasingly focusing on attacking the disease earlier as it appears likely that once symptoms have taken hold current approaches fail to work.
Merck said another study of its drug in patients with prodromal, or very early, Alzheimer's disease would continue with results expected by February 2019.
Patients with prodromal Alzheimer's disease have objective memory problems but relatively normal functioning in activities of daily living.
Blinded clinical trials use independent monitors to watch for any unexpected safety problems that may crop up. They can also recommend stopping a study early if it becomes clear that a drug is going to fail or if the data looks so compelling that it believes the treatment should be offered to those getting a placebo or other standard treatments.
Merck shares fell to US$64.48 in extended trading from a close at US$65.66.
(Reporting by Bill Berkrot in New York and Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel and Diane Craft)
LOS ANGELES — UCLA guard Jaylen Hands has withdrawn his name from the NBA draft and will return to school for his sophomore season.
Hands joins guard Kris Wilkes in deciding to forgo the pro ranks to play a second season in college.
Hands averaged 9.9 points, 4.0 rebounds and 2.6 assists for the Bruins last season. The San Diego native started 15 of 31 games in which he appeared.
Coach Steve Alford said Wednesday that Hands will be a vital part of the Bruins' backcourt and he has room to grow and improve.
Myanmar on Saturday denied that there were five mass graves of Rohingya Muslims in a village in crisis-hit Rakhine state, saying that 19 “terrorists” had been killed and buried in the area.
The Associated Press used testimony from dozens of Rohingya refugees and time-stamped cell phone videos to describe a massacre by soldiers and at least five previously unreported mass graves in Rakhine's Gu Dar Pyin village.
The Myanmar government's Information Committee said in a statement posted on its Facebook page that a government inspection team had gone to the village to probe the AP report and found it to be false.
“The inspection team systematically investigated the AP's report on the Gu Dar Pyin village case, including interviewing villagers, and found it not to be true,” the statement said.
The AP report, which AFP could not independently verify, described grisly violence at the hands of soldiers and Buddhist vigilantes, who allegedly attacked villagers with guns, knives, rocket launchers and grenades before dumping bodies into pits and dousing them with acid.
Satellite images obtained by the AP show a village that has been completely wiped out, with villagers interviewed in refugee camps in Bangladesh claiming that up to 400 people could have been killed.
The Information Committee said there had been deadly clashes between security forces and Rohingya militants in the village on August 28 which left 19 “terrorists” dead.
“Nineteen dead terrorists were found… the bodies were buried,” the statement said, without giving details on the location or nature of the graves.
Myanmar troops are accused of waging an ethnic cleansing campaign against the Muslim minority, nearly 700,000 of whom have fled to Bangladesh since last August.
The army staunchly denies the allegation, saying it is a proportionate crackdown on Rohingya rebels. It blocks media and UN investigators from independently visiting the conflict zone.
The severe restrictions on media access imposed by Myanmar make it difficult to verify the flood of testimony gathered from Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh, whose stories have led the UN to accuse Myanmar troops of possible genocide.
Based on a survey of refugees, Doctors Without Borders estimates that at least 6,700 Rohingya were killed in the first month of the military crackdown.
The army has put the official death toll of the conflict at 400, including 376 Rohingya “terrorists”.
Last month the army made a rare admission that four members of the security forces had helped kill 10 Rohingya militant suspects on September 2 and left their bodies in a hastily dug pit. Right groups say that incident is the tip of the iceberg.
PITTSBURGH (AP) — Former President Barack Obama will be among the mourners attending the funeral of Pittsburgh Steelers owner Dan Rooney.
Tuesday's Mass will be celebrated at St. Paul Cathedral in the city's Oakland section.
Rooney served as ambassador to Ireland in the Obama administration.
There was a public viewing for family and fans on Monday at the PNC Champions Club at Heinz Field.
Rooney died Thursday at 84.
He is survived by his wife, Patricia, and seven of the couple's nine children.
The family is asking that memorial contributions be made to Rooney's alma mater, Duquesne University, or the United Way of Southwestern Pennsylvania.
Why: The hearty, fresh breakfasts and lunches (homemade jam, Italian sausage, cranberry-orange walnut loaves). The North Beach neighborhood and view of Washington Square Park outside. And the family. The Sanchez clan has owned and run the place for more than 50 years. (Mama Sanchez died in 2000.)
What: Mama's is a casual cafe. You order at the counter then grab one of 47 chairs at 13 tables, no counter. But the food and sense of place are just right, offhand but profound. (For anyone who's been to Santa Fe, N.M., Mama's may set off memories of Cafe Pasqual's.)
This is why, for decades, people have been content to stand in line for their breakfasts, especially on weekends. It was an hour's wait when I ate here one Tuesday in March.
But here's the thing: When I returned two days later at 1:30 p.m., there was no line. So consider this: Mama's is open 8 a.m. to 3 p.m. every day but Monday, and serves breakfast any time it's open. If you can, show up on a weekday after the lunchtime rush, say, 2 p.m. You could eat a late lunch. Or be a rebel and eat your breakfast after lunch. That's what I'm doing next time.
And I'll be ordering Mama's Breakfast Sandwich, in which the ham and gruyere cheese harmonize like the Everly Brothers with arugula on brioche.
Where: 1701 Stockton St., San Francisco, 381 miles northwest of downtown L.A.
How much: Specials usually $12-$23. No credit cards.
Info: Mama's on Washington Square
Chargers.com
If you're willing to permanently alter your flesh with the colors and logos of the L.A. Chargers, the L.A. Chargers are willing to pay for it. For a 12-hour window on Tuesday.
Via Sam Farmer of the Los Angeles Times, the Chargers will pay for anyone who chooses one of various available Chargers tattoos (hopefully not the initial L.A. logo) at the Shamrock Social Club in West Hollywood, from 1:00 p.m. PT to 1:00 a.m. PT.
It's the latest front in the “Fight for L.A.,” which the Chargers intend on the surface to mean “fight on behalf of L.A.” but that in reality is a battle with the Rams (and Raiders) for the hearts, minds, wallets, and (for 12 hours on Tuesday) bodily real estate of Angelinos.
The effort comes two days after, via the Orange County Register, the Chargers drew only 21,054 fans to their temporary home in Carson, which holds 27,000. As noted by the Register, plenty of Seahawks fans were in attendance.
Huron Valley Council for the Arts will host Devin Scillian, Steve Hamilton and Tracy Brogan at its seventh annual Authors Luncheon fundraiser May 16. Each author will speak and sign books purchased at the event.
 Devin Scillian, known for his time as evening news anchor on NBC affiliate WDIV-Channel 4 in Detroit, has also won a Detroit Music Award for Best Country Performer and written 17 illustrated childrens books. His recent book Memoirs of a Goldfish has won several childrens book awards, including the Wanda Gag Award as the nations best read-aloud book, and was chosen the Michigan Reads book for 2011. His A is for America is a national best seller; his newest title is Memoirs of a Parrot.
 Acclaimed mystery writer Steve Hamilton will launch his promotional tour for Exit Strategy at HVCAs Author Luncheon. It is the second in his Nick Mason series, scheduled for May release. Hamilton previously wrote the Alex McKnight series about a private detective in the Upper Peninsula town of Paradise, and his standalone novel The Lock Artist, which was set in Milford, Mich., is in film development.
Hamilton is one of two authors (with Ross Thomas) to win Edgar Awards for both Best First Novel and Best Novel, for The Lock Artist. The Lock Artist has also won or received nominations for numerous crime fiction awards, as well as an Alex Award, given by the American Library Association to books that cross over from the adult market and appeal to young adult readers. It has been translated into 17 languages, and was voted No. 1 translated crime novel of 2012 in Japan. Steve will be celebrating the launch of Exit Strategy, the second book in his Nick Mason series at the Authors Luncheon.
Advertisement
 Tracy Brogan is a three-time nominee of the Romance Writers of America RITA award, first for her debut novel Crazy Little Thing (Best First Book, 2013) and again in 2015 for Best Contemporary Romance, The Best Medicine. Her third nomination was in 2016 for Love Me Sweet. Shes a Wall Street Journal best seller, earned the Diamond Award from Amazon Publishing, and earned a spot on the Kindle Top 100 List in both 2013 and 2014.
Brogans novels have sold more than a million copies internationally, and have been translated into languages including German, French, Spanish, Italian, Dutch, Turkish, Hungarian, and Japanese. Her newest book, My Kind of You, will be available on April 18.
 The Authors Luncheon fundraiser is 11 a.m. May 16 at White Oaks Golf and Banquet Center, 991 N. Williams Lake Road, White Lake Township, 248-698-2700. Tickets are $35, including lunch; tables of eight are available as well, at 248-889-8660 or at Huron Valley Council for the Arts, 205 W. Livingston Road, Highland Township. Visit huronvalleyarts.org or email executivedirector@huronvalleyarts.org for more information.
 Nicole M. Robertson
The British beauty, who sits alongside Simon Cowell, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams on the BGT panel, has turned up the heat once more in a typically racy number.
Opting for a stunning silver dress by designer to the stars Celia Kritharioti, Amanda left almost nothing to the imagination for the third live show of the week.
Turning her sex appeal up to the full, the blonde babe proudly flaunted her trim frame as she slipped into the skin-tight dress backstage.
The sheer-silver outfit allowed Amanda to tease her intimates without leaving herself exposed.
That being said, the outline of her underwear could clearly be seen as she posed on the way to the makeshift studio at the Hammersmith Apollo in London.
The Reds have been linked with a swoop at the end of the campaign.
Jurgen Klopp is expected to bring in a new No.1, with his goalkeeping department still an area that needs addressing at Anfield.
Loris Karius has established himself as Liverpool's current first choice ahead of Simon Mignolet.
But the Premier League outfit could ultimately move to bring in Brazil international Alisson.
And Gerrard is aware of the Roma star's quality between the sticks.
“He must be a great goalie,” Gerrard said of Alisson.
Kerry Winter claims he was asked by Toronto Police the question on everybody's mind.
Did you kill Honey and Barry Sherman?
“I laughed,” the 56-year-old first cousin of Barry Sherman told the Toronto Sun. “I said how could I have killed them when Barry killed her and took his life?”
Winter, who was part of the losing side of a billion-dollar lawsuit against the Apotex founder and recently named Order of Canada recipient, went into the Toronto Police homicide squad office at the College Street headquarters at 9 p.m. Thursday.
“A four-hour interview,” he said Friday of an interrogation that took place in the double murder probe of Barry Sherman, 75, and his wife Honey, 70, who were found dead in their York Mills home Dec. 15 of “ligature neck compression.”
More than 127 others have been talked to by the police but Winter is the first who says he was part of a conversation that included discussion of hiring a hitman to kill the philanthropic Honey.
However, unlike in the movies, what he says what happened in there was a reversal of usual positions of who was in the hot seat. He insists it was not cops grilling him but the other way around.
Or at least Det. Brandon Price.
“What game are you playing chasing the phantom murderers,” Winter said he told the homicide investigator. “You and I both know that Barry killed her and then committed suicide.”
This was after two full days of Winter telling everybody around the world Barry asked him twice in the 1990s to arrange for someone to “whack” his wife.
It's noteworthy it was Price who was leading the questioning since the highly regarded detective himself went before the cameras and said: “I want to put people in the area's minds at ease. I can say we did not observe any forced entry to the building so at this point I can say there is no outstanding suspect.”
Winter said he put it to him that not only is he not a legitimate suspect but there will not ever be a suspect be arrested.
“He just stared at me,” Winter said of Price. “I also told him that lead detective (Det. Sgt.) Susan Gomes is a very bad liar.”
Police spokesman Mark Pugash said, “We will not be commenting.”
But Winter was commenting. “Everything went smooth.”
Whether he likes it or not police are treating the Shermans' deaths as a double homicide and are running down leads to find the killer or killers.
Needless to say, the children of the Shermans are livid at Winter's unusual and unfounded claims.
“We are deeply hurt, shocked and angered that Kerry Winter is using the tragedy of our parents' homicides to make outrageous and baseless claims about our father. The family accepts the conclusion of the Toronto Police Service, and finds it regrettable that the media would give a platform to these completely absurd allegations.”
And the CBC's Fifth Estate says a lie detector test they gave Winter about a hit man being hired proved negative.
Winter said he doesn't “believe lie detector tests are sound” and they are “clearly not a science.” He added “my lawyer arranged a polygraph after the CBC's and I initially passed with flying colours” but “hours later it was inconclusive. I did two polygraph tests and we got three results.”
It's unclear if police plan to ask him to take a polygraph and answer their questions.
But what is clear is Kerry Winter walked out police headquarters under his own steam at 1 a.m. Friday morning.
jwarmington@postmedia.com
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Tamika Catchings is returning to Indiana — as director of player programs and franchise development.
The longtime WNBA star retired at the end of last season after a 16-year career that included 10 All-Star selections, one WNBA championship, one league MVP award and four Olympic gold medals.
Catchings will work with three different franchises — the Indiana Fever, who she played with, the Fort Wayne Mad Ants of the NBA's D-League and the Indiana Pacers.
The 37-year-old Catchings will be asked to help build chemistry and continuity among players and recruit free agents for the Fever and Mad Ants and will assist with community outreach programs for all three franchises.
The decision to work outside the home once you've become a parent can be a complicated one. Some people don't really have a choice, and go back to work because they're either a single parent or can't sustain their family on one income. Some choose to return to work for the benefits, like health insurance and retirement. And others go back to work simply because they love the work that they do. Personally, I don't think I could survive motherhood without my job. And while there isn't a "wrong" or "right" choice or set of circumstances, it seems that, even in 2018, working mothers are still chastised, judged, and made to feel as though they're "bad parents." Well, to that I say: Ha! And no. My job makes me a better parent, no doubt about it.
I'm a professional freelance writer, which is to say I am constantly writing for money. I have a number of clients I write for, and while it can get tedious at times I mostly enjoy my work. When I got pregnant I was starting to foray back into the writing world after a brief hiatus. Like many mothers-to-be, I worried about what having a child would do to my career, but I didn't really have much of a career in this day either, to be honest. I had dreams and aspirations and goals in mind, but I didn't really have a direction or a set plan. So when I decided it was time to become a mom, I figured I would simply wait and see what happened next. Maybe I'd go back to an office, or maybe I'd stay home and get really into Sesame Street.
Fast forward a few years into the future, and I realized I could find a way to work and still catch an episode or two of Sesame Street. So now I work, but I work from home. The decision was, like many decisions parents make, driven by my family's financial circumstances. While I suppose we could've survived on just my partner's salary, I knew it would be stressful for him and our entire household in general. In other words, I work, in part, to make sure there's some supplemental income coming in every month. I don't make nearly as much as my partner does, but the extra money helps us maintain a semi-comfortable lifestyle.
Working on something by myself, for myself, makes me feel accomplished. It's nice to know there are people out there enjoying the work that I do.
But money isn't the only reason why I work. My work helps me maintain some kind of independent sense of self. While I'm more than happy to work on my own and do my own thing, I'm the sort of person who also enjoys direction. I could write on my own whenever I want, sure, but I enjoy the concept of assignments and deadlines and set schedules. I like having new things to research and write about and I like learning about new topics. I like the feedback, the back and forth between my editors, and the challenges writers face on a semi-daily basis. Writing gives me a sense of purpose. Working on something by myself, for myself, makes me feel accomplished.
Motherhood simply isn't something I feel like I was “born” to do. It's more like something that I am doing. It's another part of my life, another adventure, another journey, and another life choice I have made. It's an addition to who I am, and supplementary to what I do, rather than who I am and what I do. That doesn't make me a bad mom. That doesn't mean I ignore my child or only give him five percent of my attention. It just means that I am a multifaceted person who enjoys a wide variety of things, namely writing and being in the presence of the awesome little human being I once grew inside my body.
While I don't think I could've worked in the first couple of months of my son's life, I can't imagine not working now, and despite my unrelenting exhaustion.
Plus, I don't love every single aspect of motherhood. The isolation, for one, is a part of parenthood I could do without. I felt alone as soon as I got pregnant and faced the undeniable reality that while I had a partner in parenting, I would be the only person experiencing the pregnancy. And that feeling of isolating grew even more intense after my son was born. For example, my child-free friends, for the most part, fell out of communication with me. They were around, sure, but they always left it up to me to reach out to them. As a new, overwhelmed, sleep-deprived mom, reaching out was a lot of work, so, after a while, I didn't.
Motherhood is hard. It's exhausting and, at times, can suck ever fiber of fun out of your being. While I don't think I could've worked in the first couple of months of my son's life, I can't imagine not working now, and despite my unrelenting exhaustion. When motherhood exhausts me, my writing energizes me. Coming up with new ideas, the feel of my fingers clacking away at the keyboard, and a positive comment from an avid reader all inspire me.
I don't have to rely on my son to make me happy. I can make myself happy all on my own.
Hitting my deadlines, getting a few pitches accepted, and maybe even posting to my blog or finally writing a new issue of my newsletter are the things that give me joy. I don't have to rely on my son to make me happy. I can make myself happy all on my own. And when I'm happy and fulfilled and feeling the joy my job provides, I'm able to bring that happiness, fulfillment, and joy to my parenting duties. I am suddenly up for racing monster trucks while on a hike, or helping my son with mazes, or simply cuddling on the couch to watch Finding Dory for what must be the millionth time.
Working also benefits my mental health. When I was a new mom and only had my son to focus on, I became obsessed with milestones and sleep schedules and eating habits. I fixated on his time in the NICU. I worried, constantly, about his future and his health and whether or not I was "screwing him up." When my son became my entire world, I was incapable of seeing just how vast, beautiful, and exiting the world really is.
I love the sense of accomplishment and peace I feel, and the fact that I can bring that feeling to my son at the end of every day.
I also focused entirely too much on my relationship with my husband. Any little bump, perceived or otherwise, in our marriage felt like the end of the world. Without a job I had all this extra time to replay certain situations over and over again in my mind. We could have an argument, or a simple disagreement, and I'd build it up in my head until it caused additional arguments and, before I knew it, I couldn't remember what I was upset about in the first place. My mental health, and my relationship, suffered when I didn't have an external outlet to focus on. I needed something for me, and only me, in order to be the best version of me for my husband, my child, and to the betterment of my mental health and wellness. My work puts things into perspective, allows me to process minor family stresses, and provides a mental escape from the otherwise mundane responsibilities of parenthood.
While I love my son, and love the time I get to spend with him, I also relish the hours he is away at school learning new things. I appreciate the silence of my home when I am at work and writing. I enjoy my interactions with fellow writers, with my editors, and with my sources. I love the sense of accomplishment and peace I feel, and the fact that I can bring that feeling to my son at the end of every day. Every mother needs to make the choice for herself, but for me there is no doubt: motherhood just wouldn't work, and wouldn't be the same, without my job.
Check out Romper's new video series, Bearing The Motherload, where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support (and not judge) each other's parenting perspectives. New episodes air Mondays on Facebook.
LONDON: Jermain Defoe scored two penalties as third-bottom Sunderland prevented Liverpool from significantly trimming Chelsea's lead at the Premier League summit in a 2-2 draw on Monday (Jan 2).
Liverpool twice went ahead, through Daniel Sturridge and Sadio Mane, but Defoe's two spot-kicks mean Chelsea will move eight points clear if they win at Tottenham Hotspur on Wednesday.
"I am not able to explain it because I don't know exactly what I saw," said Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp. "My team were fighting, but I wasn't sure if they could do it."
Manchester City lost ground after losing 1-0 at Liverpool on New Year's Eve, but they bounced back by winning 2-1 at home to Burnley despite the first-half dismissal of Fernandinho.
Liverpool, who were denied a fifth successive league win, were left five points adrift of Chelsea in second place, with City two points back in third place.
Manchester United rose to within a point of the top four after goals by Juan Mata and Zlatan Ibrahimovic secured a contentious 2-0 win at 10-man West Ham United.
Klopp made just one change to his starting XI, Sturridge replacing the injured Jordan Henderson, and the England striker gave his side a 19th-minute lead at the Stadium of Light.
Dejan Lovren miscued his volley from a corner, but Sturridge reacted sharply to swivel and redirect the ball past Sunderland goalkeeper Vito Mannone with his head.
Defoe equalised six minutes later, netting his 10th league goal of the season from the penalty spot after Didier N'Dong was fouled by Ragnar Klavan.
Mane restored Liverpool's lead in the 72nd minute, tapping in from a corner, but then conceded a penalty for a needless handball, allowing Defoe to equalise for the second time with six minutes to play.
"There was no foul before the free-kick for the second penalty," Klopp added. "You need a little bit of luck, but Sunderland worked hard too and maybe they deserved it."
Compounding Liverpool's disappointment, Sturridge limped off late on and had to be helped to the tunnel at the full-time whistle.
GUARDIOLA TETCHY
Manchester United were given an early advantage at West Ham when Sofiane Feghouli was harshly sent off by referee Mike Dean in the 15th minute after a 50-50 with Phil Jones.
West Ham goalkeeper Darren Randolph produced a stunning save to claw Antonio Valencia's shot off the line in the 36th minute, with Jesse Lingard's follow-up hitting the post.
United manager Jose Mourinho sent on Mata and Marcus Rashford in the second half and they combined for the visitors' 63rd-minute opener, Rashford teeing up Mata to sweep home.
Ibrahimovic smashed in his 18th United goal, despite being in an offside position, to seal a sixth straight league victory.
Manchester City lost Fernandinho to a straight red card in the 32nd minute against Burnley for flying in on Johann Berg Gudmundsson with both feet off the ground.
It was the Brazil midfielder's third red card in six games and will earn him a four-game ban.
City manager Pep Guardiola turned to his bench at half-time, sending on Sergio Aguero and David Silva, and within 17 minutes of kick-off in the second half City were 2-0 up.
Left-back Gael Clichy broke the deadlock in the 58th minute, curling home with his weaker right foot, and four minutes later Aguero slammed home from a tight angle.
A blunder by Claudio Bravo allowed Ben Mee to reduce the arrears following a goalmouth scramble, but City held on to climb back into the Champions League places.
"We won against a lot of circumstances in a tough game so we're happy for that," Guardiola said in a tetchy BBC interview. Asked for his thoughts on Fernandinho, he replied: "Ask the referee."
Substitute Enner Valencia, Leighton Baines and Romelu Lukaku scored in the last 17 minutes as seventh-place Everton overcame Southampton 3-0 at Goodison Park.
West Bromwich Albion remain a point below Everton in eighth after coming from behind to win 3-1 at home to second-bottom Hull City through goals from Chris Brunt, Gareth McAuley and James Morrison.
Champions Leicester City have now gone 12 league games without an away win following a drab 0-0 draw at Middlesbrough that left them six points above the relegation zone in 14th place.
English Premier League results:
Everton 3 Southampton 0
Manchester City 2 Burnley 1
Middlesbrough 0 Leicester 0
Sunderland 2 Liverpool 2
West Brom 3 Hull 1
West Ham 0 Manchester United 2
Former Greek champions Panathinaikos have been banned from European competition for three seasons after failing to meet financial requirements.
The former European Cup finalists have fallen on hard times in recent years, undergoing several changes of ownership structure and suffering dire financial problems.
UEFA said the club was given a March 1 deadline to settle issues with creditors but had failed to do so.
“The Adjudicatory Chamber confirmed that Panathinaikos FC is excluded from participating in the next UEFA club competition for which it would otherwise qualify in the next three seasons,” UEFA said in a statement.
“The Adjudicatory Chamber also ordered that the amount of €100,000 (£87,500) as part of the total fine of €200,000 euros is no longer suspended and is due immediately.”
Panathinaikos are currently in 10th place in Greece's Superleague standings and have no hope of competing in Europe next season.
Panathinaikos were found in December to be in breach of the overdue payables requirement of UEFA's club licensing and financial fair play regulations and were fined.
That fine was suspended, pending the March deadline.
The Greek championship has this season been tarnished by crowd violence involving several clubs and there have also been investigations by prosecutors into corruption.
Play was even suspended for weeks after PAOK club boss Ivan Savvidis stormed onto the pitch with a gun in his belt during a league game against AEK Athens last month.
FIFA has threatened to exclude Greece from international competition and will discuss the state of Greek football in the coming weeks.
HUMAN beings will soon have entirely new bodies that will blur the lines between the natural and synthetic worlds, an expert has revealed.
Hugh Herr co-directs the Centre for Extreme Bionics at the MIT Media Lab, where he is pioneering a new class of biohybrid smart prosthetics to improve the lives of humans. The 53-year-old lost both his legs more than 30 years ago through frostbite while mountain climbing, but he has not let his setback stop him, dedicating his life to biomechanics. And now he has revealed how his company is on the verge of something huge as they fuse biomechanics with microprocessors to restore and enhance normal gait, balance and speed.
TEDTALKS SCARY: Could we all soon be cyborgs?
“The future will provide humanity with new bodies and extend our nervous system into a synthetic world” Hugh Herr Speaking at Ted Talks, he said: "Today I can't feel my legs and, because of that, they are a separate tool to my mind and body. "I believe if I was a cyborg they would become part of me. "At MIT we're thinking about neural and body design and in the process, the designer looks at human flesh and bone along with synthetics to enhance the communication between the nervous system and the built world. "This is the ability to create cyborg functions where designers contemplate a future where prosthetics are no longer separate tools. "A future in which technology has been carefully integrated within our nature, a world in which what is biological and what is not, what is human and what is not will be forever blurred."
REVEALED: The world's first mass production human robot factory The ADA Mini robots can speak, recognise faces, and process what they see, hear and smell 1 / 16 Getty Images The ADA Mini will be deployed at Istanbul's new third airport
He then went on to reveal what we can expect over the next few years. "The future will provide humanity with new bodies and extend our nervous system into a synthetic world, and that world into us. "By designing the biological body to communicate better with this world, humanity will end disability and extend human capabilities beyond known cognitively, emotionally and physically." Hugh was talking at TedTalks, a media organisation which posts thought-provoking content for viewers around the world.
Artificial intelligence: AI in the past, present and future AI is creeping into ever corner of our lives 1 / 9 Getty Images A 1949 illustration shows a man with an electronic circuit board for a brain
Who knew Santa was a Texas Rangers baseball fan?
Good news! If you want to meet Santa and take a tour of Globe Life Park, you can! This Saturday, December 16th, from 10AM to 2PM, you can tell Santa everything that's on your Christmas list! After that, you'll be able to enjoy holiday treats, play around in the kid zone, then take a tour of the ballpark.
🎶 Santa Claus is coming to town 🎶⠀ Get your tickets now to meet 🎅🏼 on 12/16 at Globe Life Park by visiting texasrangers.com/santa. A post shared by Texas Rangers ⚾️ (@rangers) on Dec 9, 2017 at 9:56am PST
Adult tickets cost $15. Senior and student tickets cost $12. Kids 14 and under costs $8. And kids 3 and under are FREE!
Parents, please tell your kids to ask for a World Series championship!
A manhunt was on in Turkey for at least one assailant who shot dead 39 people in a crowded Istanbul nightclub during New Year's celebrations and fled the scene.
About 70 others were wounded, three of those people in critical condition, Binali Yildirim, Turkey's prime minister, said on Sunday.
Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu described the attack as a “massacre, a truly inhumane savagery”.
“Our security forces have started the necessary operations. God willing, he will be caught in a short period of time,” Soylu said.
Police said the gunman was in his mid-20s and spoke in broken Turkish.
The attacker, armed with a long-barreled weapon, killed a policeman and a civilian outside the popular Reina nightclub at around 1:15am before entering and opening fire on people partying inside, Istanbul Government Vasip Sahin said.
Yildirim said the attacker left a gun inside the venue and escaped by “taking advantage of the chaos” that ensued.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack and authorities did not name any suspects. The bloodiest attacks that Turkey endured in 2016 were the work of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) or outlawed Kurdish fighters.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan vehemently condemned “the terror attack in Istanbul's Ortakoy neighbourhood in the first hours of 2017” and offered condolences for those who lost their lives, including “foreign guests”.
Of the 21 dead identified so far, 15 were foreigners. Nationals of Saudi Arabia, India, Morocco, Israel, Lebanon, Belgium and Libya were among those killed, authorities said.
On Sunday, heavily armed police blocked the street in front of the nightclub in the Ortakoy neighbourhood as crime scene investigators were inside searching through piles of chairs, tables and pieces of clothing left behind by partygoers during the attack.
The Reina lies on the shore of the Bosphorus Strait and is one of Istanbul's best-known nightclubs, popular with locals and tourists alike. Turkish police boats patrolled the Asian side of the Bosphorus on the other side of the club.
At least 500 people were thought to have been inside when the attack happened.
NTV broadcaster said the gunman fired between 120 and 180 rounds in the seven-minute attack, during which many revellers threw themselves into the freezing waters of the Bosphorus to escape death.
Al Jazeera's Sinem Koseoglu, reporting from Istanbul, said security services believe the timing and target suggest ISIL involvement. Eight ISIL members had been detained, suspected of preparing a suicide attack on New Year's Eve, she said.
The Reina nightclub is not only frequented by partygoers but also used as a venue by businessmen and diplomats to conduct meetings, she added.
Koseoglu said those in the club reported seeing up to three attackers carrying Kalashnikov assault weapons.
An eyewitness quoted by the Hurriyet newspaper said she had seen two attackers.
“Two people were shooting with weapons,” she said. “Suddenly people started to run. My husband told me not to be afraid. He jumped on top of me. People ran over me. My man was shot in three places.”
Turkey, part of the US-led coalition against ISIL, faces multiple security threats including fallout from the war in neighbouring Syria.
It has seen repeated attacks and bombings blamed on ISIL as well as fighters from the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) in recent months.
The PKK and its affiliates are known to target mostly members of Turkey's security forces rather than civilians.
The prime minister's office issued a media blackout on the events and asked media to refrain from broadcasting and publishing anything that may cause “fear in the public, panic and disorder and which may serve the aims of terrorist organisations”.
Security measures had been heightened in major Turkish cities, with police barring traffic leading up to key squares in Istanbul and Ankara.
In Istanbul, 17,000 police officers were put on duty, some disguised as Santa Claus and others as street vendors, Turkey's Anadolu news agency reported.
[Source: Al Jazeera]
Comments
comments
SINGAPORE: Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong on Tuesday (Apr 24) announced a "more extensive than usual" Cabinet reshuffle, where younger ministers will head two-thirds of Singapore's ministries.
"I have decided to stretch the younger ones, giving many of them two ministries and additional responsibilities," said Mr Lee in a Facebook post shortly after the announcement.
"The leadership transition taking place in the next few years is well underway."
Here are six facts about the latest Cabinet reshuffle.
1. There will be three female full ministers in the Cabinet
Indranee Rajah (Photo: MCI)
Advertisement
Advertisement
With Ms Indranee Rajah's promotion, there will be three female full ministers in the Cabinet come May 1. The other two are Ministers for Culture, Community and Youth Grace Fu and Mrs Josephine Teo who will be the new Manpower Minister.
2. Indranee Rajah to hold the most portfolios - until Jun 30, 2018
From May 1, Ms Indranee Rajah will hold four portfolios - Minister in the Prime Minister's Office, Second Minister for Finance, Second Minister for Education as well as Second Minister for Law.
She will hold on to the law portfolio as a transition arrangement until Jun 30, until Mr Edwin Tong assumes the role of Senior Minister of State for Law from Jul 1.
3. Of the 15 ministries, three will get new ministers at the helm
Mr Chan Chun Sing, currently a Minister in the Prime Minister's Office, will head the Ministry of Trade and Industry. He was recently asked by Mr Lee to return to Government after three years with the National Trades Union Congress (NTUC).
Mrs Josephine Teo will be the Minister for Manpower, taking over from Mr Lim Swee Say, while Mr S Iswaran will be appointed Minister for Communications and Information, in place of Dr Yaacob Ibrahim who is also retiring.
4. The three retiring ministers leave behind nearly 70 years of collective experience
When Minister for Trade and Industry (Trade) Lim Hng Kiang, Minister for Manpower Lim Swee Say and Minister for Communications and Information Yaacob Ibrahim leave their ministerial posts on May 1, they will be leaving behind 66 years of collective experience as office holders.
Of the three, Mr Lim Hng Kiang is the longest-serving one. The 64-year-old took office in 1991 as Minister of State for National Development, shortly after he was first elected as Member of Parliament for Tanjong Pagar GRC. Since then, he has made the rounds among the ministries, becoming the Acting Minister for MND in 1994 before becoming a full minister a year later.
5. The Ministry of Finance will have three full ministers
Following Ms Indranee Rajah's promotion, the Ministry of Finance will have three full ministers - the other two being Finance Minister Heng Swee Keat and Second Finance Minister Lawrence Wong.
6. All CEOs of Business China have gone on to take on political office
PAP candidate Sun Xueling. (Photo: Xabryna Kek)
CEO of non-profit organisation Business China, Ms Sun Xueling, will be joining the Ministry of Home Affairs and the Ministry of National Development as Senior Parliamentary Secretary on May 1.
All previous CEOs of Business China, including Ms Low Yen Ling, Mrs Josephine Teo and Mr Sam Tan, had also earlier left the post to take on political office.
He was taken to Spurgeon Intermediate School, where he was reunited with his parents, Bertagna said. No other details about his disappearance were released.
- Advertisement -
Following the progress that the Yemeni army made supported by popular resistance in Hodeidah, navigational sources in the port of Hodeidah revealed that Tehran vacated 40 military advisers from the area along with UN workers in Yemen.
Prior to this, Tehran had evacuated its embassy employees from Sanaa following the intense battles between Houthi militias and the General People's Congress Party (GPC) forces in the Yemeni capital last week.
Meanwhile, Houthi militias are still being clamped down in the west coast of Yemen, with national army and coalition forces fast approaching the city of Hodeidah.
- Advertisement -
The evacuation of Iranian advisers along with UN workers took place three days ago through the Hodeidah port which is controlled by the militia.
Sources at the port confirmed that the operation was done very discretely so as not to attract any attention.
More notably, the decision to evacuate the Iranian advisers closely followed the killing of Iranian missile expert Hussein Khasrawy, who was killed on Saturday in a coalition raid in Sanaa.
Media sources said that the embassy employees were evacuated from Sanaa to Muscat, after the embassy building was exposed to an air raid during a battle between the Houthis and GPC forces last week.
LONDON: Jermain Defoe scored two penalties as third-bottom Sunderland prevented Liverpool from significantly trimming Chelsea's lead at the Premier League summit in a 2-2 draw on Monday (Jan 2).
Liverpool twice went ahead, through Daniel Sturridge and Sadio Mane, but Defoe's two spot-kicks mean Chelsea will move eight points clear if they win at Tottenham Hotspur on Wednesday.
"I am not able to explain it because I don't know exactly what I saw," said Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp. "My team were fighting, but I wasn't sure if they could do it."
Manchester City lost ground after losing 1-0 at Liverpool on New Year's Eve, but they bounced back by winning 2-1 at home to Burnley despite the first-half dismissal of Fernandinho.
Liverpool, who were denied a fifth successive league win, were left five points adrift of Chelsea in second place, with City two points back in third place.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp made just one change to his starting XI, Sturridge replacing the injured Jordan Henderson, and the England striker gave his side a 19th-minute lead at the Stadium of Light.
Dejan Lovren miscued his volley from a corner, but Sturridge reacted sharply to swivel and redirect the ball past Sunderland goalkeeper Vito Mannone with his head.
Defoe equalised six minutes later, netting his 10th league goal of the season from the penalty spot after Didier N'Dong was fouled by Ragnar Klavan.
Mane restored Liverpool's lead in the 72nd minute, tapping in from a corner, but then conceded a penalty for a needless handball, allowing Defoe to equalise for the second time with six minutes to play.
"There was no foul before the free-kick for the second penalty," Klopp added. "You need a little bit of luck, but Sunderland worked hard too and maybe they deserved it."
Compounding Liverpool's disappointment, Sturridge limped off late on and had to be helped to the tunnel at the full-time whistle.
GUARDIOLA TETCHY
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola gave Kelechi Iheanacho a run-out in place of Sergio Aguero and the Nigerian squandered an early one-on-one with Burnley goalkeeper Tom Heaton at the Etihad Stadium.
Heaton then got down well to repel a low effort from Yaya Toure before Fernandinho was sent off in the 32nd minute for flying in on Johann Berg Gudmundsson with both feet off the ground.
It was the Brazil midfielder's third red card in six games and will earn him a four-game ban.
Guardiola turned to his bench at half-time, sending on Aguero and David Silva, and within 17 minutes of kick-off in the second half City were 2-0 up.
Left-back Gael Clichy broke the deadlock in the 58th minute, curling home with his weaker right foot, and four minutes later Aguero slammed home from a tight angle.
A blunder by Claudio Bravo allowed Ben Mee to reduce the arrears following a goalmouth scramble with 20 minutes remaining, but City held on.
"We won against a lot of circumstances in a tough game so we're happy for that," Guardiola said in a slightly tetchy BBC interview. Asked for his thoughts on Fernandinho, he replied: "Ask the referee."
Jose Mourinho's Manchester United go in search of a sixth straight league win at West Ham United later on Monday which would take them to within a point of fourth-place Arsenal.
Substitute Enner Valencia, Leighton Baines and Romelu Lukaku scored in the last 17 minutes as seventh-place Everton overcame Southampton 3-0 at Goodison Park.
West Bromwich Albion remain a point below Everton in eighth after coming from behind to win 3-1 at home to second-bottom Hull City.
Robert Snodgrass volleyed Hull ahead, but despite losing Jonny Evans to injury, West Brom stormed back to win through goals from Chris Brunt, Gareth McAuley and James Morrison.
Champions Leicester City have now gone 12 league games without an away win following a drab 0-0 draw at Middlesbrough that left them six points above the relegation zone in 14th place.
SHERIDAN — The Whitney Health Professions Spring Nursing Leadership Conference will take place Saturday from 9 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. at Sheridan College.
The conference is open to all nursing professionals and is free of charge.
For additional information, contact Wendy Wood Neeson at wwoodneeson@sheridan.edu for more information or to register.
SC is located at 1 Whitney Way.
The city created a map of businesses opens (and still closed) after tornado.
Mayor G.T. Bynum is urging Oklahomans to spend their dollars at the businesses damaged in the city's recent EF2 tornado. Many businesses are reopening along the East 41st Street shopping corridor.
“I urge Tulsans to support and frequent our friends and neighbors that are open for business following the tornado,” Mayor G.T. Bynum said.
“The 41st and Yale corridor received a substantial amount of damage and to have businesses operational today truly shows how resilient our community is.”
The City's Information Technology Department put together a map of businesses opens within the area impacted by the tornado. Those businesses are represented by green stars on the map which can be seen here.
Businesses that remain closed are noted with a red star.
8/14/2017 Related Story: Green Waste Pickup Starts In Tornado-Damaged Tulsa
A news release states businesses that are closed due to the tornado are working with the city's developmental services team and recovery experts to make repairs.
Through September 15, those property owners will be issued expedited repair permits for any demolition, repairs and temporary structure permits. They can speak with a permit center representative from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday through Friday by calling 918-596-9456.
8/14/2017 Related Story: Tulsa Emergency Management Wants To Hear From Businesses Impacted By Tornado
Benjamin Scott Belinkie, 42, of Stratford, attorney, operated his own law firm in Bridgeport, father of Joseph Belinkie, died Aug. 8, in New Haven. Born Oct. 7, 1974, son of the late Joseph and Dolette (Boreiko) Belinkie.
Besides his son, survivors include his partner and mother of his son, Melanie Oakley of Stratford, three brothers, Stephen Cadley and his wife, Susan of Georgia, Timothy Cadley and his wife, Debbie of Stratford, and Mark Belinkie of Stratford and four nieces and nephews.
Memorial contributions may be made for Joseph's future education, in care of Melanie Oakley, Benjamin Belinkie Attorney at Law, 285 Congress St, Bridgeport, CT 06604.
Life celebration: Wednesday, Aug. 23, 4-7 p.m., William R McDonald Funeral Home, 2591 Main Street, Stratford. A service will follow at 7 p.m. Burial will be private.
AMC's monster hit drama “The Walking Dead” has sparked another lawsuit, this time from producers who say AMC is short-changing their profit participation stakes through self-dealing.
“Walking Dead” comic creator Robert Kirkman and his fellow exec producers Gale Anne Hurd, Glen Mazzara and David Alpert maintain AMC has failed to pay fair market value in the license fee for the series because the show is produced by its in-house AMC Studios arm. The suit filed Monday in Los Angeles Superior Court also involves the spinoff “Fear the Walking Dead” and the “Talking Dead” after-show.
The suit echoes the accusations in the bitter legal fight that original “Walking Dead” showrunner Frank Darabont has waged against the cabler for the past few years. Ironically, in the most recent round of motions in the Darabont case, AMC pointed to what it depicted as the acceptance of the license fee definition by Hurd and others as evidence that Darabont's position was unfounded.
“When the production company and the network are part of the same conglomerate, as AMC Studios and AMC Network are here, there is a powerful financial incentive to keep the lion's share of the profit at the network level and not pay a fair-market-value license fee to the production company — thereby depriving profit participants, like Plaintiffs, of their fair share of the
series'profits,” the suit states.
AMC called the filing “opportunistic” in a response that suggests it will battle the foursome's self-dealing claim as vigorously as it has defended its actions in the Darabont case.
“These kinds of lawsuits are fairly common in entertainment and they all have one thing in common – they follow success,” AMC said in a statement. “Virtually every studio that has had a successful show has been the target of litigation like this, and ‘The Walking Dead' has been the #1 show on television for five years in a row, so this is no surprise. We have enormous respect and appreciation for these plaintiffs, and we will continue to work with them as partners, even as we vigorously defend against this baseless and predictably opportunistic lawsuit.”
The lawsuit from the foursome hinges on the dispute over the calculation of the “imputed” license fee for “Walking Dead,” a number derived for the purposes of profit participants because the network does not formally pay the studio a license fee — as would be the case if the show hailed from an outside studio. Instead the initial imputed license fee was set at 65% of production costs with a cap of $1.45 million for the first season, with 5% bumps per season thereafter.
The lawsuit maintains that the current imputed license fee for the show, which will begin its eighth season in October, covers only 68% of the production costs. For such a huge hit — “Walking Dead” is the highest-rated series in adults 18-49 in all of primetime — the license fee would be much higher if the show was licensed from an outside studio. The plaintiffs maintain that the lack of a fair license fee artificially limits the value of their profit participation stakes. The suit also contends that AMC has improperly deducted expenses from the pool of money available to profit participants — including the costs of paying each profit participant.
Kirkman's deal with AMC calls for him to receive 5% of modified adjusted gross receipts from the show (aka essentially profits after production and other costs are deducted), according to the complaint. Hurd was to receive 7.5% while Alpert was entitled to 2.5% . Charles Eglee, a former exec producer of “Walking Dead” who is not formally a plaintiff but is included in the complaint, was to receive 2.375%. Mazzara, who served as showrunner in 2011 and 2012, was to receive 1.5%.
All five participants also had “most favored nations” clauses in their contracts stipulating that no profit participant would receive a more generous definition of the revenue that comprised the modified adjusted gross receipts. The nitty-gritty of that definition is another point of contention between the producers and AMC.
Police say a drunken American man was punched by a passer-by as he gave the stiff-armed Nazi salute multiple times in downtown Dresden.Dresden police said on Sunday the 41-year-old, whose name and hometown weren't given for privacy reasons, suffered minor injuries in the 8.15 a.m. Saturday assault.Police say the American, who is under investigation for violating Germany's laws against the display of Nazi symbols or slogans, had an extremely high blood alcohol level. His assailant fled the scene, and is being sought for causing bodily harm.It's the second time this month that tourists have gotten themselves into legal trouble for giving the Nazi salute.On August 5 two Chinese tourists were caught taking photos of themselves making the gesture in front of Berlin's Reichstag building.
Arizona #RedforEd teacher rally at state Capitol Anna Cicero, (center left) a teacher and school counselor at Mesa Public Schools, waves an Arizona flag, as Julie Cieniawski, (center right) a teacher at Scottsdale Unified School District, holds a sign at a RedForEd rally at the Arizona Capitol in Phoenix on the second day of the Arizona teacher walkout on Friday, April 27, 2018. 01 / 55 Anna Cicero, (center left) a teacher and school counselor at Mesa Public Schools, waves an Arizona flag, as Julie Cieniawski, (center right) a teacher at Scottsdale Unified School District, holds a sign at a RedForEd rally at the Arizona Capitol in Phoenix on the second day of the Arizona teacher walkout on Friday, April 27, 2018. 01 / 55
asset not included because it is a duplicate of primary asset
PHOENIX — Several red billboards across the Phoenix area have a message for Arizona teachers.
"Your future is in a Fort Worth classroom."
The Fort Worth Independent School District is recruiting local educators, weeks after the historic #RedForEd walkout attracted more than 50,000 protesters and impacted 850,000 students.
"It just shows what so many educators already know — that we are undervalued and underpaid in Arizona," Noah Karvelis, a #RedForEd and Arizona Educators Untied organizer, told The Arizona Republic.
Kirstie Rylon, a teacher with the Paradise Valley Unified School District, takes home $970.51 every two weeks. She brought a paycheck stub and W2 to prove it. #Red4Ed @azcentral pic.twitter.com/LRBYWOgGb8 — Cydney Henderson (@CydHenderson) May 2, 2018
One element on the five billboards across the Phoenix metro area distinctively stands out.
"Teacher starting salary at $52,000."
"That's nearly 20,000 (dollars) more than I made in my first year in Arizona," Karvelis said. "That's why we have a teacher crisis. ... People simply can't afford to teach here any longer."
The number shows the pay disparity between Arizona teachers and neighboring states. The frustration about low teacher pay and the desperate need for student funding led to the six-day #RedForEd walkout.
Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey signed a state budget earlier this month that included nearly $273 million aimed at giving teachers pay raises. It came after nearly 13 hours of debate in the state House and Senate.
But the future of Arizona teachers remains unclear.
"Every year we lose incredible teachers to places like Fort Worth because we don't pay our teachers what they deserve," Karvelis added.
Dave Price, a social studies teacher at Mesa Public Schools, holds sign during a rally during the sixth day of the Arizona teacher walkout at Wesley Bolin Memorial Plaza near the Arizona state Capitol in Phoenix on Thursday, May 3, 2018. Today will likely be the final day of the walkout as Governor Ducey signed an education funding bill into law early Thursday morning.
David Wallace/The Republic
The Fort Worth Independent School District started the campaign Monday with plans to keep the electronic billboards up for a month.
"Our goal isn't to steal teachers," Fort Worth school district spokesman Clint Bond told The Republic. "Our goal is to let people know there is another option."
The Forth Worth district did a similar campaign in Oklahoma earlier this month following the state's own teacher protests and walkouts, which led to several new hires.
"We decided that was the kind of passion, dedication and commitment in the teachers we want to hire," Bond said when discussing the Oklahoma teacher walkouts.
Arizona is no different. Bond told The Republic that district officials weren't planning on recruiting in Phoenix until the historic rally took place.
"If you want to work where your dedication is appreciated and where you will have the tools needed to improve student achievement, then we want to talk with you," Forth Worth Superintendent Kent Scribner, who is a former Phoenix union leader said in a news release.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
TEHRAN: A tremor shook Kermanshah province in western Iran near Iraq's border on Monday (Dec 11), causing panic a month after a major quake killed hundreds of people there, state media and officials said.
Two hours after the tremor the state broadcaster, quoting the head of the crisis management cell in Kermanshah province, said there were no reports of damage or deaths.
The University of Tehran's seismology centre said a 6.0-magnitude quake shook the area while the US Geological Survey put it at 5.4.
The epicentre was in Iraq's Halabja, some 20 kilometres north of the Iranian town of Ezgeleh in Kermanshah province.
On Nov 12 a major 7.3-magnitude quake killed 620 people in Kermanshah province, according to the latest death toll provided on Monday by Tasnim news agency.
The quake claimed eight lives in Iraq.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Kermanshah quake left more than 12,000 people injured and thousands homeless, and came at the start of the cold season in the mountainous region.
The area has seen some 1,200 aftershocks since last month, most of them below magnitude 4, Mehr news agency reported on Saturday.
Monday's tremor sparked panic among the population of Kermanshah, causing heavy traffic in the city as citizens rushed to the street, local media reported.
Iran sits on top of two major tectonic plates and sees frequent seismic activity.
On Dec 1, a 6.0-magnitude earthquake hit Iran's eastern province of Kerman, with no casualties.
Japan deploys missile defence over N. Korea threat to Guam
by Staff Writers
Tokyo (AFP) Aug 12, 2017
Threats from North Korea could end up delaying some of those plans, as the Marine Corps Commandant Robert Neller testified to Congress in May earlier this year.
The U.S. military has been building up its facilities in Guam to accommodate the stationing of 4,000 more Marines on Guam by 2021. Most of these units would be repositioned from South Korea and Japan.
Guam has had a Terminal High Altitude Air Defense battery in Guam since 2013 for ballistic missile defense.
The 90th Fighter Squadron composed of F-22 Raptor stealth fighters was deployed to Australia in February for training exercises with the Royal Australian Air Force, and has been strengthening facilities and cooperation there.
The USS Theodore Roosevelt carrier strike group and two amphibious assault carriers are currently actively deployed in the Pacific as well as dozens of destroyers, cruisers, submarines, and support ships.
The U.S. has 6 B-1 Lancer bombers on a rotation through Andersen Air Force Base, where they would likely play a large role in any potential conflict with North Korea. It is capable of supporting B-2 Spirit heavy stealth bombers and their special facilities as well.
There are currently 25,500 military personnel in South Korea, over 7,000 military and civilian personnel on Guam, and another 55,000 in Japan, primarily from the Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps. All are in potential range of North Korean ballistic missile attacks.
The United States maintains a large military presence in the Western Pacific that has gained renewed focus following North Korean belligerence and an increasingly assertive China.
North Korean ballistic missile tests followed by threats to the strategic U.S. territory Guam has led to reassurances from military officials that they are capable of combating any North Korean action. U.S. President Donald Trump has threatened massive retaliation if North Korea attacks U.S. forces or territory.
"We are seeking peaceful resolution to the crisis right now."
"The military dimension today is directly in support of that diplomatic and economic effort," he said.
Dunford downplayed any talk of preemptive action against North Korea, saying that the current defense posture was defensive in nature until ordered otherwise by the president.
"The message today was the ironclad commitment to the alliance," Dunford said following a meeting with top South Korean defense officials.
Washington (UPI) Aug 14, 2017 - The United States is fully prepared to defend South Korea and other Pacific allies from North Korea, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Joseph Dunford told reporters at Combined Forces Command near Seoul on Monday.
Japan deployed its Patriot missile defence system on Saturday after North Korea threatened to fire ballistic missiles over the country towards the US Pacific territory of Guam, local officials and reports said.
Regional tensions are mounting as Washington and Pyongyang ratchet up their war of words, with President Donald Trump warning Pyongyang would "truly regret" any hostile action against the US.
Japan has in the past vowed to shoot down North Korean missiles or rockets that threaten to hit its territory.
The defence ministry deployed the Patriot Advanced Capability-3 (PAC-3) system in Shimane, Hiroshima and Kochi in western Japan, which North Korea had warned could be along its missiles' flight path, public broadcaster NHK and Kyodo News said.
It also deployed the anti-missile system in neighbouring Ehime, according to the reports, while the Asahi Shimbun said one maritime Self-Defence Force Aegis destroyer was stationed in the Sea of Japan (East Sea) to shoot down airborne missiles.
Television footage showed military vehicles carrying launchers and other equipment for the surface-to-air system entering a Japanese base in Kochi before dawn.
Immediate confirmation from the defence ministry was not available but an official at the crisis management office of the Kochi prefectural government said the PAC-3 had been deployed.
"While standing by 24 hours in preparation for a launch, we are calling on our residents to be on alert in case we issue emergency information," Makoto Ebuchi added.
Yoshihide Suga, Japan's chief government spokesman, said earlier this week that Tokyo "can never tolerate" provocations from North Korea and the country's military, will "take necessary measures" to protect itself.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe also renewed his pledge Saturday morning to prevent any accidents related to the North's warned launch.
"I will do my best to secure our people's lives and property," Abe said without elaboration.
Japan has deployed the missile interceptors in the past ahead of other North Korean launches but has never actually shot anything down.
In 2009, a North Korean rocket passed over Japanese territory without incident, triggering Japan's immediate denouncement.
At the time North Korea said it was launching a telecommunications satellite, but Washington, Seoul and Tokyo believed Pyongyang was testing an intercontinental ballistic missile.
On Friday, President Donald Trump urged North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un not to take any action against the US, its territories including Guam or its allies, warning he would regret such a move -- and "regret it fast."
Dunford reassures South Korean allies at Combined Forces Command
Washington (UPI) Aug 14, 2017 - The United States is fully prepared to defend South Korea and other Pacific allies from North Korea, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Joseph Dunford told reporters at Combined Forces Command near Seoul on Monday.
"The message today was the ironclad commitment to the alliance," Dunford said following a meeting with top South Korean defense officials.
Dunford downplayed any talk of preemptive action against North Korea, saying that the current defense posture was defensive in nature until ordered otherwise by the president.
"The military dimension today is directly in support of that diplomatic and economic effort," he said.
"We are seeking peaceful resolution to the crisis right now."
North Korean ballistic missile tests followed by threats to the strategic U.S. territory Guam has led to reassurances from military officials that they are capable of combating any North Korean action. U.S. President Donald Trump has threatened massive retaliation if North Korea attacks U.S. forces or territory.
The United States maintains a large military presence in the Western Pacific that has gained renewed focus following North Korean belligerence and an increasingly assertive China.
There are currently 25,500 military personnel in South Korea, over 7,000 military and civilian personnel on Guam, and another 55,000 in Japan, primarily from the Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps. All are in potential range of North Korean ballistic missile attacks.
The U.S. has 6 B-1 Lancer bombers on a rotation through Andersen Air Force Base, where they would likely play a large role in any potential conflict with North Korea. It is capable of supporting B-2 Spirit heavy stealth bombers and their special facilities as well.
The USS Theodore Roosevelt carrier strike group and two amphibious assault carriers are currently actively deployed in the Pacific as well as dozens of destroyers, cruisers, submarines, and support ships.
The 90th Fighter Squadron composed of F-22 Raptor stealth fighters was deployed to Australia in February for training exercises with the Royal Australian Air Force, and has been strengthening facilities and cooperation there.
Guam has had a Terminal High Altitude Air Defense battery in Guam since 2013 for ballistic missile defense.
The U.S. military has been building up its facilities in Guam to accommodate the stationing of 4,000 more Marines on Guam by 2021. Most of these units would be repositioned from South Korea and Japan.
Threats from North Korea could end up delaying some of those plans, as the Marine Corps Commandant Robert Neller testified to Congress in May earlier this year.
Washington (UPI) Aug 9, 2017
Jacobs Technology is receiving a contract with a maximum value of $4.6 billion for services for the Missile Defense Agency, the Department of Defense announced on Wednesday. The services will go toward the Missile Defense Integration and Operations Center and communications and informations technology for MDA. The work will primarily be conducted at Schriever Air Force Base in Colorado, ... read more
Related Links
Capt. Dustin Elias of the 308th Military Intelligence Battalion at Fort George G. Meade and his wife, Maureen, are the parents of three children with distinct personalities.
Michael, 15, is known for his creativity; Gabrielle “Gabby,” 13, for her independent spirit; and Coraline, 7, for her sweet disposition.
The couple, who reside in Bowie, faces the same challenges in raising children that other parents do — except all of their children were diagnosed with autism at an early age.
Children with autism fall in different places on the spectrum. A supportive family and access to services can improve their quality of life.
The Autism Society of America defines autism spectrum disorder as “a complex developmental disability, [with] signs that typically appear during early childhood and affect a person's ability to communicate and interact with others. ASD is defined by a certain set of behaviors and is a ‘spectrum condition' that affects individuals differently and to varying degrees.”
Some ASD behaviors include delayed learning of language, difficulty making eye contact or holding a conversation, difficulty with the ability to reason and plan, narrow-intense interests, poor motor skills and sensory sensitivities.
Annapolis, Maryland (May 24, 2017) – Organizers of last week's “In the Light” Autism Acceptance Concert and Celebration raised more than $60,000 to establish a musical venue for individuals with autism, as well as fund improvements to Studio 39 in Annapolis. Proceeds from the event will go toward establishing a Musical Autist Coffeehouse, complete with stage and lighting, to provide employment and performance opportunities for autistic musicians and artists, as well as assisting Studio 39 in their quest to further improve the facility with increased air conditioning for their theater.
In 2016, the Centers for Disease Control's Autism and Developmental Disabilities Monitoring reported 1 in 68 children in the U.S. has been identified with an ASD. That number spiked in 2012, with 1 in 88 children reported to be identified with ASD.
Maureen Elias, a former Fort Meade Military Spouse of the Year, said she and her husband do not raise their children from a deficit perspective.
“We tell them there's nothing wrong with them; they just have a different operating system,” she said. “In a world of PCs, you're a Mac.”
Fort Meade's Exceptional Family Members Program at Kimbrough Ambulatory Care Center reports that autism, anxiety and ADHD are the three most common diagnoses for special needs military children — ages 17 and younger — at Fort Meade.
EFMP Seminar
In recognition of National Autism Awareness Month in April, EFMP is hosting a seminar on helping special needs children transition to adulthood. The seminar, scheduled for April 24,10 a.m.-noon at the Potomac Place Neighborhood Center, is targeted to families dealing with autism and other special needs conditions.
“The biggest way we provide services is by supporting families with information, referrals and non-clinical case management to access services,” said Sonia Blyther, an EFMP systems navigator with Army Community Service.
Researchers have not determined a cause or cure for autism. However, therapeutic treatments can help families deal with symptoms and develop skills to ease social interactions.
Michael and Gabby first displayed signs of autism at ages 3 and 4 with developmental and speech delays.
“Michael refused to take a bottle, and Gabby rarely slept for more than three to four hours a day as a newborn,” Elias said. “With Coraline, I didn't suspect any trouble. She met all her developmental markers.”
Elias said her children displayed the classic symptoms of autism – difficulty making eye contact, spinning around in circles, and jumping up and down for no reason.
Michael was withdrawn, and Gabby did not feel comfortable engaging with other people — particularly her peers.
Elias said Michael began to use different words for ordinary objects. For example, Michael would call a hat a head cover.
“My children see the world differently,” she said. “They have a different way of trying to solve problems out of the box.”
Gabby is particularly sensitive to smells and the sensations around her. Elias said if her daughter was overwhelmed, Gabby would scream for several hours.
“The hardest thing for me is how cruel and judgmental other people could be,” Elias said.
When her children were young, Elias took them out to dinner for a children's night in an effort to teach them how to eat out in public.
Elias said the response from other adults was heartbreaking
“People would criticize me as being a bad parent because they felt I was not controlling my children's behavior,” she said.
Making Adjustments
Families with autistic children not only have to learn to adjust to social situations, they must also find the affordable services and therapies.
“Sometimes it's hard to get a referral for these services, and even more so, when a referral is received, there is often a waiting list with the provider,” Blyther said. “In addition, the cost of these services can be expensive if the health care provider does not cover all the cost.”
Photos from the Fort Meade columns
Elias said when her family lived at Fort Bragg, N.C., 2008-13, she relied on the local chapter of the Autism Society to meet other families who guided her to therapeutic services.
“That community saved my life,” she said. “It helped me to feel that I was not alone and that someone understood.”
Elias said those early years were hard.
As a military spouse, her husband's deployments and having to relocate required she become an autism expert and advocate for her children.
“I had to educate myself, and many times I learned about therapies and worked with my children at home,” she said. “My journey to advocacy began with my children.”
Eventually, Michael and Gabby were engaged in speech, physical and occupational therapy 18 times a week.
When the family moved to Fort Meade in 2014, Coraline was placed on the waiting list for Applied Behavioral Analysis therapy at the Kennedy Krieger Institute in Baltimore. Elias said the family has been on the ABA waiting list for a year.
ABA therapy “works to systematically change behavior based on principles of learning derived from behavioral psychology,” according to the Autism Science Foundation. “ABA encourages positive behaviors and discourages negative behaviors. It also teaches new skills and helps children apply those skills to new situations.”
Coraline, who attends public school, has an Individualized Education Program that stipulates that she is to be provided with speech and occupational therapy during school hours.
Elias said Michael and Gabby are now doing well enough that they no longer need therapy and are enrolled in honors classes at public school.
Elias said she and her husband are optimistic about their children's future.
“I also hope that as adults, they each find a group of friends who accept them and are kind,” she said.
The Stewards of the British Boxing Board of Control considered the behaviour and comments made by Boxer David Haye for his contest with Tony Bellew on the 4th March 2017 at the O2 Arena, London at their Board meeting on Wednesday, 14th June 2017.
Mr. Haye admitted that his behaviour amounted to misconduct and brought Boxing into disrepute.
The Stewards fined Mr. Haye the sum of £25,000.00p
Information supplied by the British Boxing Board Of Control
The email threat landed in a congressional inbox on Wednesday, just hours after a gunman opened fire at Republican lawmakers running baseball drills.
“Did you NOT see this coming?” it read, referencing the shootings of five people, including a high-ranking congressman, who that morning were practising for a congressional charity ballgame in Virginia.
‘There's a lot of fear of even doing town halls.' — Barry Loudermilk, Republican congressman
But no, legislators on Capitol Hill told reporters, they hadn't seen this coming. Not this kind of bloodshed. Not even in spite of a deepening political rift in America that's causing lawmakers to question whether ideological divisions are swerving towards a potentially grave outcome.
Legislative staffers are used to electronic hate mail. This one, dropped into the inbox of Representative Claudia Tenney of New York, included the menacing subject line “One down, 216 to go…” — an apparent reference to the 217 House Republicans who voted to pass a bill seeking to undo the Affordable Care Act.
In Statuary Hall, congressman Chuck Fleischmann was on the field when shots rang out. Hopes community of Capitol Hill will “pull together” pic.twitter.com/cq42eE9kRL — @matt_kwong
Its timing, coming after Wednesday's shooting, made it all the more disturbing.
Bullets struck House majority whip Steve Scalise as well as a lobbyist, a staffer and two Capitol Police officers. Scalise was still in critical condition on Wednesday evening, but, along with the other victims was expected to recover. The shooter, identified as James Hodgkinson of Illinois, was killed after a shootout.
The incident rattled Hill staffers as lawmakers, some still wearing team jerseys and holding their cleats, returned to their offices.
In Statuary Hall, Scalise's teammate, Chuck Fleischmann of Tennessee, told CBC News he was doing his post-practice stretches shortly before the shots began. He took cover in a dugout.
“It's sad. I always felt safe at baseball practice,” he said, adding that he hoped, if anything, Americans across the aisle would “pull together” in spite of ideological differences.
Lawmakers noted the irony of an act of violence committed against elected officials taking part in the annual congressional baseball game, considered to be one of the few bipartisan traditions left in Washington.
Members of Alexandria, Va.,'s police and sheriff's office near the location of the shooting. The sheriff's office says the Federal Bureau of Investigation is the lead investigating agency. (Jason Burles/CBC)
Florida congressman Ron DeSantis left morning practice about 10 minutes before the shooting and believes he had an “abrasive” encounter with the gunman before departing. He was in the parking lot, he said, when a man they later recognized as Hodgkinson, approached him and congressman Jeff Duncan to ask if players on the field were Democrats or Republicans.
“In hindsight, it was a little strange,” he told CBC News, still in shock.
Hodgkinson was a former volunteer for Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders's campaign. His social media accounts were filled with anti-government rants.
Congressman Barry Loudermilk says he knelt down and prayed with lobbyist Matt Mika, who was wounded in shooting, after gunman taken down pic.twitter.com/1tZs3CbOPS — @matt_kwong
DeSantis said the circumstances suggest the assault might have been politically motivated “not just against congressmen, but against Republican congressmen.”
“Hating somebody that disagrees with you about political issues is not healthy for society,” he said. “Be passionate. Argue your case. But if you have a different view about the role of government than me, is that a reason for me to wish you ill personally?”
U.S. Capitol Police keep watch on Capitol Hill. Two officers were among those wounded in the shooting. (Aaron P. Bernstein/Reuters)
Safety concerns
Just outside the floor of the House, where applause leaked through the doors during a bipartisan unity meeting and prayer for the shooting victims, Republican Barry Loudermilk said he feared the intensifying political rhetoric could be boiling over into something lethal.
Loudermilk, who recalled seeing bark flying off an oak tree behind him when the shots began, pointed to the hostile tone of town hall meetings as a potential safety concern. Constituents in recent weeks have been confronting representatives to protest President Donald Trump's leadership.
“This is exactly why there's a lot of fear of even doing town halls at this point,” he said. “Some of the things this guy is posting on Facebook, we get the same things and even worse.”
GOP congressman Mike Conaway says he heard more than 20 shots, was fielding ground balls when first round went off pic.twitter.com/Y2eeE794gS — @matt_kwong
Since Trump's election in January, Democratic congressman Joe Crowley said the country feels more divided than ever.
“The level of discourse, the level of stress that is unwarranted and unnecessary that's taken place over the last five months is like something I've never experienced in all my political years.”
Police tape by the field where a shooting took place at the practice of the Republican congressional baseball team at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park in Alexandria, Va., on June 14, 2017. (Jason Burles/CBC)
‘Pitchforks and torches time'
But the disunity began long ago during the campaign, with calls for the arrest and prosecution of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.
Veiled threats of violence pervaded the ending of the campaign, as Milwaukee Sheriff David Clarke, a vocal Trump supporter, endorsed violent resistance — “pitchforks and torches time” — should Clinton beat Trump.
Illinois Representative Rodney Davis, who was up at bat when the gunfire started, told CNN on Wednesday the ratcheting up of incendiary partisan talk on both sides must stop.
“We can protest our differences, but let's settle it at the ballot box,” he said. “I've been yelled at and spat on walking the streets of Illinois.”
Nerves on edge
But are the political differences escalating into something dangerous?
“Apparently so,” Crowley said. “When someone takes to a baseball field [to attack] members of Congress in a remote part of the capital region, you had to do a little reconnaissance here. You had to know where this practice was going to take place. That's frightful.”
While nerves remain on edge in the Capitol, legislators agreed Thursday's charity game should proceed as planned at Nationals Park. The event has already raised more than $ 600,000.
As for whether the shooting might have the effect of cauterizing a political wound, Rep. Mike Conaway of Texas, who was fielding ground balls on first base when the shooting started, said he hoped the current camaraderie would persist.
Political rhetoric becoming too toxic, says Dem congressman Joe Crowley. Has never seen it as bad as it's been these last 5 months pic.twitter.com/EXcefe3XSi — @matt_kwong
The last time a shooting targeted a member of congress was the attempted assassination of Arizona Representative Gabby Giffords in 2011. Asked if this might be a turning point in the level of discourse between Republicans and Democrats, Conaway was circumspect.
“I don't know,” he said. “It didn't when Gabby got shot. But maybe we'll learn from this one. We'll see.”
Let's block ads! (Why?)
CBC | World News
For a lot of high school seniors, graduation day is bittersweet.
On the one hand, it represents an achievement and the completion of a chapter in one's life.
On the other hand, there's the realization that much of what you've known and enjoyed will be left behind as you step into a new world – of college, adulthood, work or military service.
For graduating from Bowie High School senior J'Aun (rhymes with “neon”) Johnson, the mix of emotions this week will be particularly strong.
He graduated as one of the top members of Bowie High's Class of 2018, with a full scholarship to an Ivy-League school (Penn) that covers everything – room, board, tuition and books. The award from the QuestBridge organization will spare his family more than $250,000 in expenses during the next four years.
Johnson's in good company in the Bowie High Class of 2018. Out of the class of 605 seniors, 166 of them earned college scholarships, for a total more than $21.8 million in awards.
It's not difficult to see why his resume impressed officials at Penn. He's taken more than a half-dozen Advances Placement courses while at Bowie, achieving all A's in all four years there. He's run on the track and cross-country teams, participated in student government, served as a writing tutor to other students and even played in the school band – teaching himself the tuba, because that's what the school's marching band needed.
“He's an outstanding scholar,” said Dolores Hooban, his guidance counselor. “He's really the preeminent student scholar-athlete. He's involved in everything, it seems like. He's going to an Ivy League school, which is impressive on its own, but to have a full ride there – it's a testament to how seriously he takes his academics.”
But for all he's done and all he's got, Johnson said he can't help but think this week about what he's missing – his mother.
Heather Young-Johnson, who raised J'Aun and his three siblings as a single mom following her divorce, died from breast cancer in 2009 at the age of 33. It was just a few days after J'Aun's 10th birthday.
“I'm going to be thinking about my mom,” during graduation week, Johnson said. “There aren't that many milestones in your life, but graduation is one of them. It makes me sad to know she can't be there. I know she'd be proud of me.”
As a result of the tragedy, Johnson's life got turned upside down. He'd grown up in Springfield, Ohio, but he had his older sister were sent to Jacksonville, Florida to go live with Heather's sister and her husband, who were both in the Navy. Johnson's two younger brothers went to live with another family member in Virginia.
“I had to re-adjust, make new friends, find my place,” he said of the move. “It was difficult and challenging.”
After about a year in Jacksonville, Johnson got uprooted again. His aunt and uncle – Herb and Tasya Lacy - got transferred to assignments at the Pentagon. They settled in Bowie, along with Johnson, who attended Benjamin Tasker Middle School beginning in sixth grade and then moved on to Bowie High School.
All the upheaval – emotional and geographical – didn't interfere with his schoolwork in the least, though. In every classroom he's ever been in, he said, “things just clicked easily.”
“He was always great in class,” said Michael Selby, who taught Johnson in his 10th grade English class. “He's very intelligent, obviously.”
He's had his sights set on earning a full college scholarship for a while. He didn't want to ask his aunt and uncle to cover that kind of expense when they had two children on their own, plus J'Aun and his sister living under their roof.
“It was just something I knew I wanted to do,” he said.
If anything, the turmoil he's been through has helped him focus on the things he can control – like his schoolwork. He's planning for a career in medicine someday.
“All you can do is just work hard and do the best with what you have and try to plan for the future if you can,” he said. “I think it's kind of inspired me to work even harder.”
Faculty and staff members at Bowie who have gotten to know him rave about his mind, his energy and his sunny disposition. They find it hard to believe that Johnson was at one time, in his own words, an introvert who grappled with a speech impediment as a youngster. Or that he'd lost his mom at such a young age.
“I was kind of floored when I found out,” Selby said. “I had no indication of that.”
“He knows how to work a room,” Hooban said. “He's just got a warm and inviting personality. He just kind of sucks you in with that smile of his.
“Even though it's such a big tragedy to lose your mom, he's been able to overcome that and be successful.”
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is facing pressure from both sides of the aisle for him to explicitly condemn white supremacists and hate groups involved in deadly, race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump, who has been at his New Jersey golf club on a working vacation, is making a one-day return to Washington on Monday to sign an executive action on China's trade practices. But he will likely be unable to escape questions and criticism for his initial response to the Saturday's violence, for which he blamed bigotry on “many sides.”
His attorney general, Jeff Sessions, said Monday the incident in which a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters, killing one person, “does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute.”
He told ABC's “Good Morning America”: “You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought, because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that cannot be accepted in America.”
Sessions said he expects to hear more from Trump on the matter after meeting with him Monday, as well as officials from the FBI. The president added a late-morning meeting with Sessions and FBI director Christopher Wray to his Monday schedule.
“We will not allow these extremist groups to obtain credibility,” Sessions told “CBS This Morning.”
In the hours after the incident, Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes, saying that he condemns “in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides.”
Speaking slowly from his New Jersey golf club while on a 17-day working vacation, Trump added: “It's been going on for a long time in our country. Not Donald Trump. Not Barack Obama. It's been going on for a long, long time.”
For one business leader who has been working with the White House, Trump's lack of specificity inspired a personal protest: Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier cited the president's reaction as the reason he's decided to resign from the president's manufacturing council. Trump immediately attacked Frazier by name on Twitter.
The White House statement Sunday went further than Trump did. “The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.” It added: “He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together.”
The White House did not attach a name to the statement. Usually, a statement would be signed by the press secretary or another staffer; not putting a name to one eliminates an individual's responsibility for its truthfulness and often undercuts its significance.
Trump's top advisers later struggled to explain Trump's position, offering different responses.
Trump's national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, said Sunday that he considered the attack to be terrorism. On Saturday, Trump had not responded to reporters' shouted questions about terrorism.
“I certainly think anytime that you commit an attack against people to incite fear, it is terrorism,” McMaster told ABC's “This Week.” ”It meets the definition of terrorism. But what this is, what you see here, is you see someone who is a criminal, who is committing a criminal act against fellow Americans.”
The president's homeland security adviser, Tom Bossert, defended the president's initial statement by suggesting that some of the counter-protesters were violent, too. When pressed during a contentious interview on CNN's “State of the Union,” he specifically condemned the racist groups.
The president's daughter and White House aide, Ivanka Trump, tweeted Sunday morning: “There should be no place in society for racism, white supremacy and neo-nazis.”
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat, said he spoke to Trump in the hours after the clashes and that he twice told the president “we
have to stop this hateful speech, this rhetoric.” He said he urged Trump “to come out stronger” against the actions of white supremacists.
Republicans joined Democrats in criticizing the president for not specifically calling out white nationalists. Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo. said on NBC Sunday that “This isn't a time for innuendo or to allow room to be read between the lines. This is a time to lay blame.”
White nationalists had assembled in Charlottesville to vent their frustration against the city's plans to take down a statue of Confederal Gen. Robert E. Lee. Counter-protesters massed in opposition.
Alt-right leader Richard Spencer and former Ku Klux Klan member David Duke attended the demonstrations. Duke told reporters that the white nationalists were working to “fulfill the promises of Donald Trump.”
Trump's initial comments drew praise from the neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer, which wrote: “Trump comments were good. He didn't attack us. He just said the nation should come together. Nothing specific against us. … No condemnation at all.” The website had been promoting the Charlottesville demonstration as part of its “Summer of Hate” edition.
Charlottesville Mayor Michael Signer, a Democrat, slammed Trump's stance toward hate groups, saying on NBC's “Meet the Press” that he hopes Trump “looks himself in the mirror and thinks very deeply about who he consorted with.”
“Old saying: when you dance with the devil, the devil doesn't change, the devil changes you,” Signer said.
Trump, as a presidential candidate, frequently came under scrutiny for being slow to offer his condemnation of white supremacists. His strongest denunciation of the movement has not come voluntarily, only when asked, and he occasionally trafficked in retweets of racist social media posts during his campaign. His chief strategist, Steve Bannon, once declared that his former news site, Breitbart, was “the platform for the alt-right.”
___
Follow Lemire on Twitter at http://twitter.com/@JonLemire
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
The horrified fishermen were just off the coast of the Spanish island of Majorca when they noticed a huge fin glide through the water next to their boat.
They captured their encounter with the beast on camera, which has been seen over one million times on Facebook.
In the video, filmed just off the Majorcan coast, several fishermen excitedly chatter as two shark fins ominously appear on the surface.
One man says: "I cannot believe it! It is a f*cking shark!"
With massive wildfires burning out of control throughout the West, there is growing concern about the trouble that fireworks could cause on the Fourth of July.
As a precaution, towns like Carefree, Arizona, have cancelled their fireworks shows. But Carefree's mayor found a way to make sure the show goes on -- by lighting the sky with drones.
CBS News
"Well, they described it and they sent us a video and we said, 'Let's do it,'" Mayor Les Peterson said.
Call it fireworks without the fire: dazzling displays made up of hundreds of tiny drones carrying LED lights.
Natalie Cheung helped put on Intel's Super Bowl halftime drone show in 2017 with Lady Gaga. The whole display was programmed on a computer.
"We know exactly what's going to happen to our drones at every frame and second," Cheung said.
That technology also found its way to this year's Olympics and music festivals like Coachella. But during wildfire season in the West, they're increasingly being used as an alternative to Fourth of July fireworks, which last year sparked 869 wildfires in California alone, the highest number in five years.
One of the drone shows this year is taking place at Travis Air Force Base in northern California, not far from acres of burning brush.
Kim Kardashian finally divulged details about her surrogate situation in the latest episode of “Keeping Up with the Kardashians.”
“Getting a surrogate and finding someone that you really trust is so much more for difficult of a situation than you could really imagine,” Kim, 37, shared, according to People. “You have to like make sure that their lifestyle is healthy and they have to go through psychological testing, and it was maybe a year before we finalized our current situation.”
Kim adds the chosen surrogate for her and husband Kanye West is a “nice person” but wants to protect her identity.
Elsewhere in the episode, Kim confessed that using embryos to get pregnant isn't a surefire deal and recalled losing an embryo.
“It's so frustrating,” she said. “It's really nerve-wracking because you know it's only a 60 percent chance it'll take. One didn't work for me. I tried it and I lost one of them.”
Sister Khloé Kardashian explained it a bit further saying before Kim got pregnant with son Saint, an embryo was planted but it didn't take. “So Kim is super nervous and anxious during this waiting period,” she said.
Kim and Kanye are expecting a daughter via surrogate very soon, but not being pregnant herself has left Kim feeling a bit off.
“It's kind of weird when it's not you, so I don't know whether I should start eating donuts and celebrate like I would like old times or just go to the gym,” she said. “I'm totally gonna forget and then a month before I'm gonna be like holy s–t, we need to get a nursery.”
BERLIN: Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Monday that U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital did not justify the use of anti-Semitic slogans at rallies in Germany.
German police reported the burning of Israeli flags and use of anti-Semitic slogans at demonstrations against Trump's move in Berlin and other cities.
Merkel said that her government, which has criticised Trump's declaration, would fight xenophobia with full force.
"We condemn all kinds of anti-Semitism and xenophobia, and no disagreements, not even over the status of Jerusalem, justify such actions," Merkel told journalists after a meeting of the leadership of her Christian Democratic Union (CDU).
Anti-Semitism remains a sensitive issue in Germany, one of Israel's closest allies, more than 70 years after the end of the Nazi-era Holocaust, in which 6 million Jews were killed.
Government spokesman Steffen Seibert said Germany had a historic responsibility to stand by Israel and Jews everywhere.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"It's shameful when such open hatred of Jews is on display on the streets of German cities," he told a regular government news conference.
"Our laws on freedom of expression and assembly guarantee everyone a right to peaceful protest, but this right is no free pass for anti-Semitic atrocities, for incitement and violence."
STREET PROTESTS
Trump's decision caused consternation across the Arab world and among Western allies, and ignited street protests in the Palestinian territories and beyond.
On Sunday, about 2,500 people demonstrated in Berlin and one Israeli flag was burned, police said. They said they were investigating 11 people.
On Friday, hundreds of people gathered outside the U.S. Embassy in Berlin. Police said they had brought criminal charges against 12 people, including for burning Israeli flags.
Seibert said other "isolated" incidents had been reported in Munich and other German cities.
He also said it was wrong and unacceptable for Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan to have referred to Israel over the weekend as a "terror state".
Germany's foreign, justice and interior ministers have also condemned anti-Semitic acts and the burning of Israeli flags in interviews and on Twitter.
A Foreign Ministry spokesman said Germany's ambassador to Kuwait had met Kuwaiti officials on Nov. 28 to discuss another issue that has raised concerns among Jewish groups.
A German court ruled last month that Kuwait Airways had the right to refuse to carry an Israeli passenger due to his nationality, saying German law forbade discrimination only on the basis of race, ethnic background or religion, not citizenship.
(Editing by Kevin Liffey)
KUALA LUMPUR: Those behind the violence during a public forum organised by the opposition on Sunday (Aug 13) in Shah Alam will face stern action, said Malaysia's Deputy Prime Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi.
Calling for patience while police complete their investigations on the unrest that broke out during the ‘Nothing to Hide 2.0' forum, the minister said he was "saddened by the incident", according to the Star.
The event descended into chaos after some participants began throwing shoes and chairs and set off flares during the gathering which was also attended by Parti Pribumi Bersatu Malaysia (PPBM) chairman Dr Mahathir Mohamed.
Mahathir, who had been taking questions from the audience when the violence erupted, was escorted from the building and was unhurt, organiser Syed Saddiq said. At least two people were injured, he added.
According to the New Straits Times, three teenagers have been held by police after they were apprehended by members of the public.
"As a country that practices democracy, such an incident should not have happened," Dr Ahmad Zahid told reporters after launching the 37th World Congress of International Association for Hydro-Engineers and Research on Monday.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Separately, in a blogpost on the incident, Communications and Multimedia Minister Salleh Said Keruak said the politics of gangsterism was not a culture practised in the country.
He said the commotion should not have happened because it was unhealthy for the country's politics.
“We must take a lesson from this incident. Firstly, the security aspect must be given importance when organising any programme.
“Secondly, the programme must be organised according to the conditions stipulated by law. Thirdly, abide by the advice of the security personnel. Fourthly, it must be remembered that the politics of gangsterism is not our political culture,” he said.
Malaysia has banned a controversial Bollywood film, citing its negative portrayal of a Muslim ruler.
The release of Padmaavat has already caused mayhem in India.
The 14th century period drama focuses on the tale of Muslim King Alauddin Khilji, Rajput ruler Ratan Singh, and Hindu queen Padmavati.
Hindu groups in India alleged the film distorts history by depicting Rajput queen Padmini – the protagonist of the film – in a poor light.
Protesters in the South Asian country took to the streets to demand the movie was not screened there, but eventually lost their bid after the Supreme Court rejected a bid to ban the film.
In an unexpected twist, Malaysia's Home Ministry on Friday said the film would not be screened in nationwide cinemas, rejecting the way in which Alauddin Khilji was depicted.
“He is portrayed as a sultan who is arrogant, cruel, inhumane, devious with all kinds of trickery, unreliable and who does not fully practise Islamic teachings,” the ministry said in a statement, according to The Straits Times.
Malaysia's Film Censorship Board ruled that the movie was “not approved for screening”.
A trailer for Padmaavat shows the Muslim sultan as a combatant man with an aggressive expression, his face dirtied by blood and mud.
Bollywood films are popular in Malaysia. Ethnic Indians comprise 7 percent of Malaysia, a majority Muslim country of 32 million people.
The censorship board has previously banned films with religious themes, such as the 2014 biblical drama Noah, and movies with sexual content, such as Fifty Shades of Grey in 2015.
Last week, three men attempted something similar. The group constructed a raft from eight inflatable mattresses and drifted 15 miles down the river. The adventure was recorded and posted on YouTube on Thursday and has since garnered almost 30,000 views. Like many car chase suspects, who thought they could outsmart and outmaneuver law enforcement, they were unable to evade cops.
A prosecution witness, Mr Abubakar Madaki, on Wednesday, told a Federal High Court Lagos, that series of investigations were conducted on fraud allegations against former Oyo State Governor, Rasheed Ladoja.
Madaki, an operative with the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), testified at the resumed trial of Ladoja and a former Commissioner for Finance in the state, Waheed Akanbi, standing trial over N4.7 billion fraud.
The accused were brought before Justice Mohammed Idris on Dec.14, 2016, but they pleaded not guilty to the eight-count charge preferred against them by the EFCC.
The judge had then granted them bail.
When trial resumed on Wednesday, the prosecution counsel, Mr Oluwafemi Olabisi, continued examination of Madaki.
Olabisi asked: “in the course of your evidence you made reference to separate investigations conducted by the stock exchange; so take a look at these document and tell the court what it is.”
In response, the witness told the court that the document represents one of those evidences received at the stock exchange during investigation.
He said that when the accused claimed that the Oyo State shares were sold in bulk, the commission decided to embark on investigations to determine if the shares were actually a bulk sale.
He said that the commission discovered that the stock exchange was also investigating the matter and making recoveries.
He added that when they discovered that the commission had taken over the case, they remitted their recoveries to them.
According to him, the EFCC also discovered that quarter 361, a residential apartment, was purchased by one Atanda on behalf of the first accused, with the proceeds of shares from Heritage Apartments.
The witness further told the court that investigations were extended to the Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC), to unravel the identity of another company named Bistrum Investment Ltd, which was also used in the transfer of Oyo State funds.
He said that although the first accused denied personal knowledge of Bistrum, he however, confirmed knowledge of one its directors who he said was his cousin.
The witness said that further investigations confirmed that Atanda's account in Lagoon Homes, which also received part of the shares proceeds from stock brokers, was issued a bank draft of N70 million.
He told the court that there was also a letter from Oyo State Government dated Sept. 6, 2015, to the commission, requesting for the recovered funds from suspects who had bought the shares and were making returns.
Justice Mohammed Idris has adjourned until May 31 for continuation of trial.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the accused were charged with conspiring to siphon and launder N4.7 billion from the coffers of Oyo State Government.
The EFCC also accused them of converting N1.9 billion belonging to the state for their personal use through the account of a company known as Heritage Apartments Ltd.
The anti-graft agency claimed that the accused retained the money sometime in 2007 in spite of their knowledge that it was proceeds from a criminal activity.
Ladoja was accused of removing 600,000 pounds from the state coffers in 2007 and sent to his daughter, Bimpe, in London.
In addition, the ex-governor was accused of converting N42 million belonging to the state for his personal use and subsequently used same to purchase an armoured Land Cruiser.
The EFCC added that Ladoja converted N728 million and N77 million at different times in 2007 for his personal use and transferred same to Bistrum Investments for the purchase of a property in Ibadan.
The offences contravened the provisions of Sections 14, 16, 17 (a) and 18 (1) of the Money Laundering (Prohibition) Act, 2004, according to the EFCC.
Jose Mourinho has criticised the atmosphere at Old Trafford and said the noise made at Portsmouth's Fratton Park is better.
The United manager has previously made comments about the atmosphere at home games, but rejected the chance to meet the Manchester United Supporters' Trust earlier this season to discuss his concerns.
Speaking in the wake of United's 2-0 win over Huddersfield, Mourinho was initially asked about new signing Alexis Sanchez, who scored his first goal for the club.
“He played only three (matches) and the first at Old Trafford, and I think Old Trafford, in spite of being a quiet stadium, the pitch is big, the grass is nice and obviously the players feel very comfortable playing here,” Mourinho said in his post-match press conference.
Asked to explain his comments, a smiling Mourinho replied: “It's not Portsmouth. I remember Portsmouth – such a small stadium, the atmosphere was absolutely incredible. In here, the atmosphere is a bit quiet and there is not very (much enthusiasm). But the players like to play at home.”
Speaking to Sky Sports after the game, Mourinho admits it is hard to see Manchester City dropping the points required for United to catch the Premier League leaders.
City drew 1-1 at Burnley earlier on Saturday, meaning the gap is now at 13 points, but Mourinho did say his side have improved a great deal since last season, and only sees that progress continuing.
“It depends on [City]. It doesn't depend so much on us. I think they've lost maybe nine or 10 points this season, and it's hard to believe they will lose that again between now and the end of the season. But as I was saying, we improve in everything from last season.
“More wins, more goals, fewer goals conceded, more points, better position in the table. If we manage to keep doing this between now and the end of the season it is good for us, because it is an evolution and next season will probably be even better.”
Earlier, Holly Willoughby revealed today's This Morning was quite special as she was bringing along a special guest – her cat Bluebell.
And Phillip Schofield couldn't wait to get his hands on the cat, which led to the sort of comment you'd expect from Twitter.
"Watching Phillip stroking Holly's pussy on This Morning has legitimately made my morning," one person said.
It turned out, Holly had brought Bluebell in after a grooming disaster.
Today's episode had a special pet pampering segment, in which experts showed how to give your cats and dogs a haircut.
Madurai: At least 30 shops were damaged when a fire broke out in the complex of the famed Meenakshi Amman Temple in Tamil Nadu's Madurai complex but there was no damage to the temple itself, said a fire service official.
No human casualties were reported.
Officials confirned that the sanctum sanctorum was left intact, but ancient sculptures on walls near Aavaram Kaal Mandapam were damaged.
The fire broke out at 10.40 pm near the east gopuram (temple tower) on Friday.
Sources said that a short circuit could have led to the fire although the exact reason is yet to be ascertained.
Preliminary inquiries indicate that the fire broke out after the shopkeepers had downed the stutters for the day along the Swami Sannidhi area at around 10.30 pm and left.
“There is no damage or the temple. The old wooden door was saved by preventive action. The fire is now under control”, said a senior fire service official.
The area has been cordoned off and the electricity supply has been disconnected as a precautionary measure.
There were joyous scenes at the Amex this afternoon as Albion celebrated promotion to the Premier League.
Brighton makes a return to the top flight of English football for the first time since 1983 and now need just three points from three games to be crowned champions of the Championship.
Here's a selection of pictures taken by Steve Bailey and Phil Westlake as players and fans celebrated promotion.
Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.
Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's going on.
1 Make this website your homepage
2 Like our Facebook page at facebook.com/pages/Sport-Sussex
3 Follows us on Twitter @SportSussex
4 Register with us by clicking on 'sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here.
And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!
Argenoves Pinales, a 25-year-old medical assistant and restaurant manager working two jobs is over the moon to become a US citizen. Now, he wants to vote Donald Trump out of office.
“I feel great,” he beams, one of 200 immigrants from 47 countries who pledged the oath of allegiance at a New York citizenship ceremony, and one of more than 14,000 being welcomed nationwide at dozens of events between June 28 and July 10 designed to celebrate Independence Day.
He dreams of going back to college to study criminal justice and joining the police department. He was one of 86 migrants from the Dominican Republic at Tuesday's ceremony, the largest single group and one of those countries experiencing a decline in US immigration visas.
“Everyone in my house is a citizen, so they were asking me ‘oh you have to become one,'” he said. “So if something happens you can stay here.”
The number of people getting visas to move permanently to the United States is expected to fall 12 percent during Trump's first two years in office, according to a Washington Post analysis of government data.
“I became a citizen to vote,” says Pinales, looking ahead to 2020, the next time that Americans can elect a president. “He's not going to be there!” he says of Trump.
“When he talks it's just him, him, him, him. You know he's rich, he's got money so he doesn't care about poor people.”
The Supreme Court last week upheld the US president's travel ban, restricting arrivals from the mostly Muslim countries of Iran, Libya, Somalia, Syria and Yemen, as well as North Korea.
The number of new arrivals from those Muslim-majority countries are heading toward an 81 percent drop by September 30, according to the Washington Post.
Of those countries, only Yemen was represented at the ceremony, and by only one new citizen.
The number of immigrant visas granted to people from Afghanistan, Bangladesh, China, the Dominican Republic, Haiti, India, Jamaica, Mexico, Pakistan, the Philippines and Vietnam had also declined, the Washington Post analysis found.
At Tuesday's ceremony, in the illustrious Beaux-Arts New York Public Library building on Fifth Avenue, a taped message of welcome from Trump was greeted with warm applause. “God Bless the USA” was played.
Young, old, people of all colors and backgrounds were united in one purpose — cheering in delight and many waving tiny US flags. The more gregarious posed thumbs up or blew a kiss to excited friends and relatives in the audience while collecting their certificates.
Overwatch's ninth competitive season is due to end soon.
At the time of writing, there are three days left before the season ticks over and season 9 is formally over.
Overwatch season 9 will end on April 28, 1am UK time.
As usual, Competitive Mode will then be offline for a few days before season 10 starts up. Though Blizzard hasn't formally announced when we're likely to see that new season start, we can certainly expect it to go live around the start of May.
Season 9 has been active since March 1.
Overwatch's inaugural six-vs-six Competitive Elimination season will remain available until May 8 at 1am UK time.
As usual, if you completed all 10 placement matches will receive a special spray and player icon - and if you're in the top 500 players of your region, you'll also unlock an extra spray and icon, too.
CLEARWATER, Fla.: In central Mexico's Mezquital Valley, new pick-up trucks bounce along unpaved roads and U.S.-style houses are springing up alongside cornfields. But people are afraid that remittances from family members abroad, a primary source of funding for such purchases, may soon dry up.
During the holiday season, even as money and gifts have flowed into the area from relatives working in the United States, residents have fretted about what a Trump presidency will mean for them and family members working in the United States.
During his presidential campaign, Donald Trump said he would stop allowing wire transfers of money out of the United States from Mexican nationals unless Mexico agreed to fund a border wall. Migrants in the United States are expected to have sent a record US$27 billion in remittances into Mexico in 2016, according to BBVA Bancomer, an increase of more than US$2 billion over 2015.
Remittances jumped nearly 25 percent to almost US$2.4 billion in November from a year earlier, the biggest annual increase for any month since March 2006, Mexican central bank data released on Monday showed.
Monica Arroyo, who lives in a village outside Ixmiquilpan, the Mezquital Valley's largest town, said she depends on the US$200 a month her daughter, an undocumented restaurant worker in Clearwater, Florida, sends home.
“If they return our migrants, there'll be more poverty, because up there they have work and help maintain us,” she said. “Here there is no work.”
In recent months, Trump has not elaborated on his threat to block money transfers, and a 10-point immigration plan on his transition website makes no mention of the subject. But the possibility is affecting migrants' remittance decisions.
Members of the Trump transition team did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Remittances have become a huge prop for the Mexican economy, compared to the US$18.5 billion in revenue from oil exports in 2015 or nearly US$340 billion in manufactured goods, according to the national statistics agency.
MIXED RESPONSES
In Florida, Arroyo's daughter, who asked to be identified only by her last name, Hernandez, said she and her husband decided against sending holiday presents to Mexico this Christmas out of fear they will need money if they lose their jobs or be deported after Trump takes office.
"My husband and I are living with this fear there's going to come a moment where all of a sudden we're going to have to go," Hernandez said, speaking in the living room of her Florida apartment as her three U.S.-born children played by a Christmas tree.
Other Mezquital Valley migrants in Florida say they are sending more money than usual this holiday season in case they are unable to do so once Trump takes office.
One migrant, an auto mechanic who asked to be identified only by his first name, Salomon, because he does not have papers, said his wife recently panicked and sent their entire nest egg back to Mexico, thinking it would be safer there.
“She told me 'if something happens to us, maybe we can still keep the little we have',” he said in an interview in Clearwater.
In 2015, the area around Ixmiquilpan, home to about 94,000 people, received about US$100 million in remittances from abroad, according to data from Mexico's central bank, more than 10 times the municipal government's annual budget.
Maria de la Luz Pioquinto, an immigrant from Ixmiquilpan who runs a money transfer business in Clearwater, said her Mexican customers doubled their average transfers right after the Nov. 8 election but are now waiting to see what happens.
“They are worried about still having work, and they are worried about providing for their families back home,” she said.
DOLLAR FEVER
Leonardo Rodriguez was one of the first migrants from the Mezquital Valley to the Gulf Coast of Florida, ending up in Clearwater in 1987 after making a wrong turn trying to get to Disney World.
He said he understands why young people have continued to go north. "Why would you study if, when you get out, there is no work? Instead they decide to go to another country."
Rodriguez now lives in the United States legally and owns three restaurants. He works with local officials in Mexico to help channel remittances into projects in Ixmiquilpan, including a roof over a village school yard.
Michael Clemens, who studies remittances and migration at the Center for Global Development, says that "for countless towns like Ixmiquilpan, remittances are an economic lifeline." The money sent back usually gets reinvested locally, he said, "in better schooling for kids, better care for the elderly, and better housing."
Blocking the funds, he said, would mean "that more people close to the edge fall over the edge."
(Additional reporting by Roberto Aguilar; Editing by Dave Graham, Sue Horton and James Dalgleish)
On Friday the U.S. is set to impose a 25% tariff on $34 billion worth of Chinese imports. And China is expected to strike back with tariffs on a similar amount of U.S. exports. The big question is how far the two countries will go in their dispute over trade.
BERLIN: German Chancellor Angela Merkel is steering clear of the World Economic Forum in Davos, a meeting expected to be dominated by debate over the looming presidency of Donald Trump and rising public anger with elites and globalisation.
Merkel has been a regular at the annual gathering of political leaders, CEOs and celebrities, travelling to the snowy resort in the Swiss Alps seven times since becoming chancellor in 2005.
But her spokesman told Reuters she had decided not to attend for a second straight year. This year's conference runs from Jan. 17-20 under the banner "Responsive and Responsible Leadership". Trump's inauguration coincides with the last day of the conference.
"It's true that a Davos trip was being considered, but we never confirmed it, so this is not a cancellation," the spokesman said.
It is the first time Merkel has missed Davos two years in a row since taking office over 11 years ago and her absence may come as a disappointment to the organisers because her reputation as a steady, principled leader fits well with the theme of this year's conference.
The German government declined to say what scheduling conflict was preventing her from attending, nor would it say whether the decision might be linked to the truck attack on a Berlin Christmas market that killed 12 people in mid-December.
But after the Brexit vote in Britain and the election of Trump were attributed to rising public anger with the political establishment and globalisation, leaders may be more reluctant than usual to travel to a conference at a plush ski resort that has become synonymous with the global elite.
TRUMP
One European official suggested that the prospect of having to address questions about Trump days before he enters the White House might also have dissuaded Merkel, whose politics is at odds with the president-elect on a broad range of issues, from immigration and trade, to Russia and climate change.
During the U.S. election campaign, Trump described Merkel's refugee policies as "insane".
Like Merkel, French President Francois Hollande, who announced in early December that he would not seek a second term next year, will not be in Davos.
The WEF had also hoped to lure Matteo Renzi, but he resigned as Italian prime minister last month. European leaders that are expected include Mark Rutte of the Netherlands and Enda Kenny of Ireland. British Prime Minister Theresa May could also be there.
Although the WEF does not comment on which leaders it is expecting until roughly a week before the meeting, the star attraction is expected to be Xi Jinping, the first Chinese president to attend.
Members of President-elect Donald Trump's team, including Davos regulars like former Goldman Sachs president Gary Cohn and fund manager Anthony Scaramucci, are also expected. WEF Chairman Klaus Schwab was invited to Trump Tower last month, although the purpose of the visit was unclear.
German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen, who was elected to the WEF board of trustees last year, is expected to attend, as are senior ministers from a range of other European countries, as well as top figures from the European Commission.
(Reporting by Noah Barkin)
SINGAPORE: There was a collective gasp across newsrooms and marketing departments when Facebook decided to change its algorithm to focus less on news and brands, and more on friends and family.
On Jan 11, Mark Zuckerberg posted on Facebook that one of the social media giant's "big focus areas for 2018 is making sure the time we all spend on Facebook is time well spent".
Facebook's goal will no longer be helping users “find relevant content”, but helping them "have more meaningful social interaction". Posts from businesses, brands and media are "crowding out the personal moments" for users, he said.
"The research shows that when we use social media to connect with people we care about, it can be good for our well-being," he wrote.
"We can feel more connected and less lonely, and that correlates with long-term measures of happiness and health. On the other hand, passively reading articles or watching videos - even if they're entertaining or informative - may not be as good."
Many businesses and media outlets were concerned that their reach and visibility online would be affected if referral traffic on Facebook, which has grown over the years, diminishes.
Advertisement
Advertisement
There are already reams of stories, blog posts and commentaries out there on what this change might mean for your website, business or marketing department - articles which may not appear on my Facebook news feed anymore, but which Google willingly dished up in nanoseconds.
Social media influencers seem to think that they, as "personal brands", will gain the upper hand after this latest tweak. And the first reaction from brands, businesses and media? To get you to add them as Facebook friends and "see them first".
Not that they had many options open to them. Facebook often dishes out algorithm tweaks, sometimes without an announcement, so reading the tea leaves of what might work, then adapting their strategy is the best they can do.
A Facebook logo is seen at the Facebook Gather conference in Brussels, Belgium on Jan 23, 2018. (Photo: REUTERS/Yves Herman)
CHASING EYEBALLS, FENDING OFF FAKE NEWS
The trigger for all this is likely Facebook's concern that it will soon run into regulatory issues concerning the use of platforms like Facebook to deliberately spread fake news and manipulate public opinion, experts said.
Following the 2016 US election, fingers were pointed at Facebook and how it propagated bias and hyperbole by prioritising user engagement over ensuring news on its platforms were verified. Some said that the Internet and social media fed people what they wanted to read, creating "filter bubbles" and echo chambers that entrenched them in their positions and deepened political fault lines.
Governments, including authorities in Singapore, are increasingly concerned about how falsehoods can spread online more quickly, and how these can used as a tool to influence politics and elections.
Facebook itself has reported that it has identified thousands of posts and paid advertisements placed by Russia-based operatives, in the aftermath of the 2016 presidential elections. It also estimates that many as 126 million Americans may have seen content uploaded by Russian-based agents over the past two years.
Facebook has also come under attack by watchdogs and regulators, amid concerns about its collection of user habits and data for advertisement targeting.
Germany's Federal Cartel Office said many users were unaware their movements on other sites were being shadowed by Facebook, and that it "can also not be assumed" that users consent to the data collection. (Photo: AFP/Justin TALLIS)
So, with this change, Facebook hopes to advance a step ahead of regulators by fixing its feed first.
As a digital journalist who monitors the ebb and flow of news stories, their page views and rankings nearly every day, it is clear that other than major announcements that affect our daily lives or disasters, the stories that get the most engagement on Facebook are the offbeat, the tearjerkers and at times, the grotesque.
If there are sensational stories or a quack cure, more likely than not, one of your friends or family has passed it along - with little thought and no ill-intent; but like an undetected virus, the news has spread.
Recall the recent "kidnapping scares": Unverified reports which were being spread via messaging services and social media led to people jumping to their own conclusions, which then required statements from the police and news reports to debunk.
So while Zuckerberg has also declared that his other focus in 2018 is to prioritise news that is "trustworthy, informative, and local", it's not clear how Facebook will, or if it can, burst the bubbles of reality people create for themselves in an already polarised world.
It's clear too that a listed company worth billions must have thought through carefully the business considerations of such a move. Other reasons other than users' well-being have been posited for the shift.
Dr Adrian Yeow, senior lecturer at the School of Business at the Singapore University of Social Sciences says Facebook is likely re-focusing on what it is selling – eyeballs, or the attention and engagement of its users.
"There may be a trend among users who are losing patience with Facebook ... Given that the 'eyeballs' may be losing interest or getting turned off by the blatant monetisation of their time and attention, Facebook has to address this," he said.
Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg said surging profits for the leading social network don't matter if the platform can't clean up abuse. (Photo: AFP/Drew Angerer)
GET REAL
Let's revisit this idea that Facebook's intent is for us to have more meaningful social interactions.
The thing is - if we need Facebook to help us have more meaningful social interactions, then we are truly forlorn. A couple of likes for our holiday snaps may induce a blip of joy but the holiday itself should be the main thing for most people (unless they happen to be social media influencers on a job).
What Zuckerberg also fails to mention is that one way that people can have more meaningful social interactions is to spend less time on Facebook and more time talking to the people around them.
Facebook's "likes" have been called "dopamine hits" and compared to addictive drugs.
Last October, the Facebook engineer who created the “like” button, Justin Rosenstein, warned of the “constant distraction” that has resulted from addictive technology in an interview with The Guardian. He is one of a number of social media pioneers who have voiced such concerns recently.
Facebook has been tweaking and adjusting its algorithm to maximise clicks, engagement and monetise its platform for years, to the point where some users feel that their news feed is now an endless scroll of mindless videos and clickbait.
And so what if I see more posts from friends and family? Is perving on people you have a tenuous connection with that much more meaningful?
It could also raise problematic questions like: Why didn't we get invited to that wedding that our former colleague posted on Facebook? How come I didn't get that many likes for that really artistic shot of my avocado toast?
A man is silhouetted against a video screen with an Facebook logo as he poses with an Samsung S4 smartphone in this photo illustration on August 14, 2013. (Photo:/Reuters)
Social interactions, online or otherwise, are a source of joy as well as anxiety for most people. Whether Facebook's algorithmic prescription for our well-being will work? It's really hard to say, partly because we don't really know the details of the changes that are being made.
People think of algorithms as computer code, but what they embody are rules - made by humans, said Dr Lim Wee Kiat, research fellow at NTU's Asian Business Case Centre.
"Embedded in them are social norms and ethics, so it may make sense to consult the broader community rather than allow a few companies to decide on such 'social nudging'," said Dr Lim, who is one of the authors of Living Digital 2040: Future of work, education and healthcare.
“I hope that algorithms companies use will be subject to more scrutiny and reflect more of society's norms rather than purely meet the companies' ends.”
At this point, it seems there is little hope of that happening and it may be better to just take matters into our own hands.
Facebook does facilitate connections, but if prioritising comments rather than shares or likes is the extent to which it can deepen our interactions, it seems a futile gesture.
So if you really want to connect with your loved ones this year, just get offline and start doing so. But wait, there's this really cute otter video that I, like, have to see first.
Chew Hui Min is an editor at Channel NewsAsia Digital News.
× Expand Submitted photo – The 200-yard freestyle relay team of Matt Daniel, Noah Clancy and brothers Cole and Caden Akal, all from Alton High, placed sixth in the YMCA Short Course Nationals in April 3-7 at Greensboro, N.C. They represented the Tri-City Area Tidalwaves. Pictured are Caden Akal, Daniel, head coach Nancy Miller, Cole Akal and Clancy.
Two months after turning in a successful high school swimming season, Noah Clancy, Matt Daniel and brothers Cole and Caden Akal accomplished some history at the YMCA Short Course Nationals from April 3-7 at Greensboro, N.C.
The Alton quartet, which represented the Tri-City Area Tidalwaves, was part of the men's 200-yard free relay team that finished sixth with a 1:24.55 in A-finals competition, making it the first time a team from the Alton area compete in the national finals.
Nancy Miller was the coach.
Also at nationals, Daniel placed fifth in the 200-yard butterfly and seventh in the 100-yard freestyle and finished with personal-best times in four events (100 freestyle, 50 freestyle, 100 butterflies and 200 butterfly).
In February, Clancy, Daniel and the Akals competed at the state swimming meet in Evanston, making it the first time Alton had four swimmers in state competition. They helped the Redbirds qualify for state in seven events and win sectional titles in four of them. Clancy earned an all-state medal by placing ninth in the 100-yard backstroke.
Morton Hall is the academic building that everyone loves to hate. When the College of William and Mary finished renovations of Tyler Hall, government and economics majors flocked to the new and improved building, complete with a sunny entrance way and a prime location on the Sunken Garden. I might be bitter just because I've yet to have any of my many international relations and economics classes in the beautiful building, but I'm a big fan of Morton – and would argue that it's one of the most endearing spots on campus.
Sure, the building definitely has some structural issues. Several government professors cite memories of the basement level flooding and of facilities maintenance workers pouring cement into the foundation when the building started to settle. Morton's physical appearance isn't necessarily the most appealing, but it houses such an eclectic and charming group of faculty and programs, I'd be sad if I went a semester without having to trek up and down the Morton steps three or four – or 12 – times a week.
See, I not only love Morton Hall for its lovely basement that has housed some of my favorite IR classes, but also the bonds I made with people over shared discomfort. There was nothing like hiking there from GGV my freshman year in the snow for at 8:00 a.m. international security class, only to immediately start sweating upon entering an overly heated building. All jokes aside, I really did look forward to the familiar feeling of those basement classrooms.
What I really love about Morton, and why it found a place in my heart as the best academic building on campus, is its charming third floor.
What I really love about Morton, and why it found a place in my heart as the best academic building on campus, is its charming third floor. I recently declared my gender, sexuality, and women's studies major, and absolutely love the small classroom at the end of the GSWS hallway in which I've spent countless hours taking classes. There's lots of sunlight, thought-provoking posters on reproductive justice, and there's nothing like seeing a bunch of students packed in a classroom, sitting on couches and chairs in the corner when the center table starts to overflow.
Some of the most valuable lessons I've learned in college have been in that classroom. It might take me an embarrassingly long time to hike up all of the steps – let's face it, there's no cute way to catch your breath once you hit the third floor landing – but I've learned to challenge the way I view the world. The conversations with peers and professors in that GSWS classroom have shaped my beliefs on intersectional feminism and activism, things that I hold as integral to my identity.
If you still want more reasons to love the building that may or may not be in a sinkhole, there's the stuffy – but oh so wonderful – classics library just down the hall. A thick wooden table dominates the room and the walls are filled with translations, Latin dictionaries, and odd knick-knacks that professors and the Classics Club have collected over the years. My friends ask me regularly why I'm still taking Latin – no, I'm not majoring in it, no, I don't need it to fulfill my language proficiency – but honestly, the happy bubble that is the classics library is a good enough reason why. There's something about being surrounded by such a passionate group of students (seriously, like think about who would be taking 400 level classes in Latin), and a rainbow of bound books that makes the hours of translation and 90 minutes spent inhaling whatever's in the air in Morton so worth it.
Whether or not you fall as deeply in love with this boxy brick building as I have, I can guarantee you won't find me jumping for joy if the College ever moves ahead with demolishing Morton.
I'm not saying you have to take four semesters of Latin, or even try a GSWS class – although both programs are fantastic – but find a tucked away classroom for a small program in Morton and think about giving it a chance. Morton hosts a diverse group of classes – Africana studies, Asian and Middle Eastern studies, sociology and global studies – in addition to the ones I've already mentioned. There's definitely a home for you on one of the building's floors. Whether or not you fall as deeply in love with this boxy brick building as I have, I can guarantee you won't find me jumping for joy if the College ever moves ahead with demolishing Morton.
Email Sarah Smith at [email protected]
ABC News' Elizabeth Vargas, who's talked openly and honestly about her struggle with alcohol in her book “Between Breaths: A Memoir of Panic and Addiction,” confided to book lovers at the East Hampton Library's Authors' Night on Saturday.
Vargas said, “I bared my soul so other successful and high-functioning people who face the same problems of anxiety and addiction as I did know they aren't alone.”
The award-winning journalist and “20/20” anchor added, “If I can just help one or two people who silently suffer and go home and self-medicate to come out of the shadows and get help I will have succeeded.”
OLA Jordan is the queen of sexy selfies.
Ola Jordan and James Jordan never fail to keep out of the headlines – with James' outspoken nature and Ola's stunning good looks, this pair is a force to be reckoned with in the power couple stakes. I'm A Celeb star Ola, 35, recently wowed when she stripped down to her birthday suit for a blisteringly-hot calendar shoot. And the Strictly siren was flashing the flesh once more when she flaunted her killer curves on social media. Posting on the official Ola Jordan Instagram page, the Polish-born beauty was keen to send her 201K-strong fanbase a “Big kiss for the weekend”.
INSTAGRAM/ OLA JORDAN BLONDE BOMBSHELL: Ola Jordan stuns in sexy snap
Ola Jordan sexy snaps Sexy Strictly Come Dancing star Ola Jordan hot snaps. 1 / 128 FAMEFLYNET Ola Jordan turns booby beach goddess with topless snap
“We're not getting any younger” Ola Jordan The blonde bombshell looked sensational as she pouted up a storm at the camera and smouldered the lens with her big browns. Ola, who had styled her golden locks into pretty cascading curls, stunned in a show-stopping gold dress that unleashed her assets in all their glory. And judging by the comments section, fans were delighted by Ola's “pucker up” display. One follower said: “Looking too good.”
GETTY STRICTLY STAR: Ola Jordan hung up her Come Dancing hat in 2015
Ola Jordan parades body in RED HOT swimsuit Ola Jordan raises temperatures in Greece as she flaunts her sexy figure on the beach. 1 / 28 Flynet/SplashNews Ola Jordan sets pulses racing in red hot swimsuit
While another continued: “You are just so gorgeous!” A third added: “Beautiful, totally beautiful.” Ola, who left Strictly in 2015 after 11 years on the show, is currently sitting on the judge's table for Poland's Dancing With The Stars. The stunning star also appeared on Comedy Central's Your Face or Mine earlier this year with her hubby of 15-years, James, 40.
INSTAGRAM/ OLA JORDAN STRIKING: Ola Jordan poses up a storm on Instagram
GETTY LOVED UP: Ola Jordan and James Jordan want to try for a family
Abu Dhabi (UAE) — In the start to the 2017 Red Bull Air Race season, the Czech Republic's Martin Sonka clinched his first race win since he joined the World Championship in 2010.
Rising winds that brought the racetrack alive Feb. 11 didn't affect Sonka, whose time of 53.139 blew away his opponents by more than a second.
Spain's Juan Velarde was content with his 54.166, which turned what was already Team Velarde's first-ever appearance in the Final 4 into its first podium finish. Canada's Pete McLeod continued the momentum he'd showed at the end of 2016 in taking third.
After a breakout season in 2015 where he finished in fourth overall, last year was rough for Sonka, starting with a disqualification penalty in Abu Dhabi. Now, he has not only set the standard for 2017 but finds himself at the top of the World Championship leaderboard for the first time.
Defending titleholder Matthias Dolderer is in fourth overall after incurring a penalty in the Final 4.
“Except for some mistakes during practice, the whole week went well and I couldn't be happier,“ said a beaming Sonka, who took four race podiums in his four previous seasons of racing. “I've finally won my first race, I feel good in my raceplane, and this of course gives me confidence for the future. This was a totally different start compared to last season, and hopefully it will continue this way.”
Results Master Class Abu Dhabi
Martin Šonka (CZE) Juan Velarde (ESP) Pete McLeod (CAN) Matthias Dolderer (GER) Nicolas Ivanoff (FRA) Michael Goulian (USA) Cristian Bolton (CHI) François Le Vot (FRA) Mikaël Brageot (FRA) Matt Hall (AUS) Kirby Chambliss (USA) Petr Kopfstein (CZE) Yoshihide Muroya (JPN) Peter Podlunšek (SLO)
World Championship Standings
Martin Šonka (CZE) 15 pts Juan Velarde (ESP) 12 pts Pete McLeod (CAN) 9 pts Matthias Dolderer (GER) 7 pts Nicolas Ivanoff (FRA) 6 pts Michael Goulian (USA) 5 pts Cristian Bolton (CHI) 4 pts François Le Vot (FRA) 3 pts Mikaël Brageot (FRA) 2 pts Matt Hall (AUS) 1 pt Kirby Chambliss (USA) 0 Petr Kopfstein (CZE) 0 Yoshihide Muroya (JPN) 0 Peter Podlunšek (SLO) 0
Red Bull Air Race 2017 Calendar
Reports: Chelsea to offer £50m for Premier League star
Conte wants more quality in their ranks as Chelsea returns to the Champions League
by Shambhu Ajith Rumours 14 Aug 2017, 12:42 IST
Conte is not happy with Chelsea's transfer activities so far.
What's the story?
Antonio Conte has decided that it is time to blow the whistle on trials and tryouts and bring Van Dijk to Stamford Bridge to fortify their defense, according to ESPN.
The Blues are preparing a formal offer for the Southampton central defender and the figure they are willing to offer is reportedly in the region of £50m.
In case you didn't know...
Liverpool have been trying to land the Dutch international for some time, and the saga has seen its fair share of twists and turns.
Media outlets were told by Saints' officials that Van Dijk had been training alone before the 26-year-old rubbished those claims himself.
Liverpool is not the only team other than Chelsea who want the services of Van Dijk secured as Manchester City has also asked Southampton to keep them up to speed on any developments on that front.
The heart of the matter
Chelsea had an abysmal start to the new Premier League campaign. Gary Cahill and Cesc Fabregas got sent off as the Blues were outnumbered by Burnley. Alvaro Morata salvaged an ounce of dignity from the ruins as he scored and assisted, throwing a rope of hope to the Stamford Bridge faithful.
Conte has expressed his discontentment with the transfer activities of the club after failing to sign the players he wants at the club.
Antonio Rudiger's arrival has added depth to the Chelsea defense which looked solid for the greater part of last season.
After having loaned out a host of youngsters, Chelsea has a depleted squad. Conte knows that they cannot be heading into Europe's elite competition, UEFA Champions League with players who got muscle cramps and are short of breath. Virgil Van Dijk is, perhaps, the most complete defender in the Premier League right now.
Rudiger and David Luiz looked out of sync as they kept running into each other's channels on a regular basis. Sam Vokes was left unmarked as he headed in from a set-piece and that is something Conte will surely let the team know that he has no tolerance for.
The presence of the towering Dutchman could very well sort this problem out but it will mean Cahill or Rudiger will need to get used to warming the bench on weekends.
Video
Author's Take
Virgil Van Dijk is a very focused presence in the defensive third. Standing at 193cms, the Dutchman has the ability to dominate aerial duels.
The 26-year-old is also good with the ball at his feet and is good at clearing his lines or finding a teammate to trigger an attack. Van Dijk will undoubtedly be an excellent acquisition for Chelsea if Southampton are willing to sell him.
If the early signs are anything to go by, the Blues will be desperately hoping for more quality to be added to the ranks.
Getty Images
The league has threatened to ban fans who use racially abusive language, but the Chiefs say they've found no evidence of it.
After Washington wide receiver Terrelle Pryor claimed Chiefs fans used racial slurs Monday night, the Chiefs responded.
“Washington didn't make our people aware of an incident, the people we have on the sideline didn't see one before or after the game and as far as we know, no one from the league office was called to his aid during or after the game,” said Chiefs spokesman Ted Crews, via Terez Paylor of the Kansas City Star. “There was no incident or report from the stands.”
Crews did say that if any fans have footage of the incident that would confirm such behavior they want to see it.
Pryor was seen on video making an obscene gesture toward a heckling fan after Monday's loss to the Chiefs, clearly angry at something that was said.
Chiefs linebacker Derrick Johnson, who has played for the Chiefs for 13 years, says he's never heard the “N-word” from the stands at home, though he's heard it on the road before.
It's been widely reported for years that John Lithgow was in the running to play the Joker in Tim Burton's 1989 vision of Batman, which was originally going to be directed by Gremlins helmer Joe Dante. But Lithgow is now, nearly 30 years later, finally commenting on his decision to not take the role. The role obviously went to Jack Nicholson, who went on to universal acclaim for his portrayal of the Joker. Before Nicholson, it was Caesar Romero's version on the campy 1960s television series, which Nicholson ditched in favor of a darker, more sinister take on the villain.
Back in 1989, a Batman movie by Tim Burton and starring Michael Keaton was a bit of a gamble. Lithgow spoke to Vulture about his regret of not taking the role and his circumstances around that time. Lithgow explains.
"My worst audition was for Tim Burton for Batman. I have never told anyone this story, but I tried to persuade him I was not right for the part, and I succeeded. I didn't realize it was such a big deal. About a week later I heard they were going after Robin Williams and Jack Nicholson."
It's not hard to imagine Lithgow playing a villain, but after all of these years it's hard to imagine him as playing the Joker against Keaton's Batman. Even picturing an unhinged Robin Williams is hard to imagine after Nicholson's commanding performance. Lithgow went on to explain his circumstances further. He says this.
"I was doing M. Butterfly on Broadway and it was an exhausting show, it would have meant leaving that show and going right into a movie, and I said "I just don't think I can." How's that for stupid? Actors are not necessarily smart people."
Now Lithgow has obviously done fine for himself and his acting career, but one can't help play a game of what if? What if Lithgow had played the Joker? Well, first off, he'd probably have a lot more money in the bank and have some pretty awesome action figures of himself. It's not that stupid of a stupid decision, he was tired. After all, he was 43-years old at the time.
This was not the first time that Lithgow had been approached to play the Joker. Back in the mid-eighties The 'Burbs director Joe Dante was on board to make a Batman movie and he wanted Lithgow. Dante has said that he wanted Lithgow for the role after meeting him on the Twilight Zone movie. Dante reportedly wanted to do a more Joker-centric version of Batman and just decided that he had more interest in the Joker than Batman, which was probably not the right mindset at that time.
Over 30 years later we've seen many incarnations of the Joker, spawning debate all whenever it's brought up. Who wore the purple suit better? Was it Leto, Ledger, Nicholson? Or was it Mark Hamill's voice acting in the animated series? The arguments will go on until the end of time, or at least the end of the day about whom the best Joker was, and it's pretty interesting to think about Lithgow in that mix. Undoubtedly he would've done a masterful job, but would he have ended up on the Mount Rushmore of Jokers?
What you saw glimmering on the horizon was merely the city of Maple Grove's announcement that it would forever shine like a beacon unto the world, especially when it comes to Chicago-style hot dogs and Italian beef sandwiches.
The Maple Grove City Council voted Monday to approve a Portillo's restaurant at the local Shoppes at Arbor Lakes mall, the Star Tribune reports. Monday's vote ends months of anticipation and weeks of anger, after council members initially voted down the new business, citing concerns with parking and traffic.
The city's balking was met with derision from hungry citizens -- one started a Change.org petition calling for citizens to get "the hot dogs we deserve" -- whose growling stomachs were finally heard on Monday. One woman told the council she thought Portillo's coming to town would be "the best thing that could happen at Maple Grove," a statement which might say more about her expectations of the city than about Portillo's food.
The council voted 4-to-1 in favor of allowing the Portillo's to bring a 9,000-square foot operation (plus a drive-through) to the west metro. (Another Portillo's, the chain's first in this state, is set to open in Woodbury in mid-summer.)
Michael Landstad, a general manager at the Shoppes mall, says a spacious "destination restaurant" like Portillo's could become an "anchor tenant" for malls, currently suffering with the slow disappearance (or, worse, ghostly presence) of big department stores. (Then again: Maybe you can find fries somewhere inside a Sears?)
Council member Karen Jaeger switched her hot dog vote from "nay" to "yay" on Monday, but said she's still worried people would be "angry with congestion" once the restaurant is built.
With little context to go on, we must assume Jaeger was referring to the mall parking lot, and not the cheese fry-laden stomachs of her constituents.
The city is scheduled to take a final vote on Portillo's on May 1.
Literally the LEAST you could do when making a movie about trans people is to cast a trans person in the role that was written for them. Scarlett Johansson needs to stop naievely choosing roles, and studios need to do better. — Derek Abolish ICE Sherry 🌹 (@NotKyleSherry) July 4, 2018
Scarlett Johansson is canceled. — 💖✨Mel✨💖 (@grungeugly) July 4, 2018
I cannot get over how selfish Scarlett Johansson is — Quinn (for now) ♥️💜💙 (@jademoonfire) July 4, 2018
No offense to Scarlett Johansson but there are many beautiful trans women in the world, and I MEAN MANY...so ask Hollywood to keep looking! — Tshepi Makhatha (@TshepiMakhatha) July 4, 2018
: Scarlett Johansson has been criticised for playing a transgender in her new film. However the actress-singer refused to comment on the reaction. The actress is set to star in the upcoming film Rub & Tug which tells the story of a transgender man, Dante 'Tex' Gill, who owned a massage parlour in Pittsburgh's underground sex industry in the 1970s, according to Vice News, reports people.comIn a statement obtained by Bustle, the actress said via her representative that "Tell them (trollers) they can be directed to Jeffrey Tambor, Jared Leto, and Felicity Huffman's representatives for comment."Johansson, 33, has been one of the world's highest paid actresses from 2014-2016. She has acted in popular films like Just not into you, Under this skin, and Hitchcock.Her choice of playing a transgender man in her new film has left people criticising her on Twitter.
© AFP 2016/ Paul CROCK US Plans to Deploy Strategic Weapons in South Korea for Joint Drills
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The South Korean Yonhap news agency reported that the meeting started at 8:50 a.m. local time (23:50 on Tuesday GMT).
Kim Jong Nam, who was the son of former North Korean leader Kim Jong Il, but had not lived in the country for several years, was reportedly killed on Monday in Malaysia. According to US media, Washington officials said that Kim Jong Nam could be assassinated by Pyongyang's security agents.
The news came after North Korea launched a missile in the direction of the Sea of Japan early on Sunday, which led to protests from the country's closest neighbors, Japan and South Korea, both stating that Pyongyang's actions were in breach of the UN Security Council resolutions.
Finnish mobile games and animation studio Rovio Entertainment Ltd said on Tuesday its sales in the first half of the year almost doubled following the success of "The Angry Birds Movie."
HELSINKI: Finnish mobile games and animation studio Rovio Entertainment Ltd said on Tuesday its sales in the first half of the year almost doubled following the success of "The Angry Birds Movie."
First-half revenue rose to 152.6 million euros (US$179.7 million) from 78.5 million a year earlier, while adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization increased to 41.8 million euros from 11.0 million a year ago.
Following years of falling earnings, job cuts and restructuring, Rovio returned to profit in 2016 as the 3D Hollywood movie release revived the Angry Birds brand and gave a boost to game sales.
First-half revenue from games increased by 76 percent to 117.9 million euros. Rovio's main titles include "Angry Birds 2," "Angry Birds Friends" and the new multiplayer game "Battle Bay."
This year's growth is also due to movie revenues that had not shown in Rovio's numbers previously.
The company is now planning a sequel to the Angry Birds movie with Columbia Pictures, scheduled for release in 2019.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Citing unnamed sources, Bloomberg reported earlier this week that Rovio was planning a possible initial public offering.
Rovio, which had earlier said a listing could be possible in the future, declined to comment.
Rovio is 70 percent owned by Kaj Hed, the uncle of company co-founder Niklas Hed. Other investors include venture firms Accel Partners and Atomico.
(US$1 = 0.8491 euros)
(Reporting by Jussi Rosendahl; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Shop for MR16 LED Bulbs online at LE. LE offers you 12V mr16 light bulbs with warm white or daylight white light color and special prices.
That time of year when you look for as many opportunities to kiss under the mistletoe 😉😍😘 @jillmdillard #kissunderthemistletoe #christmasparty #themostwonderfultimeoftheyear
A post shared by Derick Dillard (@derickdillard) on Dec 10, 2017 at 12:45pm PST
OAKFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. (WOOD) — An 11-year-old girl was hospitalized after being hit by a vehicle in northeastern Kent County Friday evening.
The crash happened just before 6 p.m. on 14 Mile Rd. between Harvard Ave. NE and Ramsdell Dr. NE near a party store in the area.
Police at the scene told 24 Hour News 8 that the girl had a pulse and was breathing when she was taken to the hospital by ambulance.
Investigators shut down 14 Mile Road following the crash, but it has since reopened.
Further details on what caused the crash weren't released.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
The Battle of Ridgefield wasn't an isolated encounter, but part of a four-day incursion by British forces under Major Gen. William Tryon into southwestern Connecticut, known as The Danbury Raid.
Some 2,000 British troops sailed from New York, landed in what is now Westport from ships anchored off Compo Beach, marched to Danbury and burned colonial supplies there. As they made their way back the British were harassed by colonial forces and were confronted in Ridgefield — the Battle of Ridgefield — then fought the colonials again in Westport as they returned to their ships, waiting in Long Island Sound.
As Ridgefield's battle re-enactment on April 29 nears, related events are being planned in Ridgefield and by other towns around the area — celebrations of those communities' involvement in the historic events of April 1777.
In Ridgefield, events planned in support of the battle reenactment on Saturday, April 29, including encampments that day, a black tie gala that night. The reenactment on the 240th anniversary of the battle are being organized by local Masons from Jerusalem Lodge 49 in honor Gen. David Wooster, the founder of Freemasonry in Connecticut and an organizer and leader of the colonials' resistance to the raid, who was fatally wounded in fighting along North Salem Road.
Here's a look at upcoming events in Ridgefield and the surrounding area:
Westport's Uncivil Revolution: A Family Divided by Politics, Smugglers, Snitches and Tory Raiders, talk by author Jonathan Walker, Tuesday, April 18, 7 p.m. at Westport Historical Society, 25 Avery Place, Westport, $10, reservation recommended, 203-222-1424.
Connecticut During the Revolutionary War — Provision State and Arsenal of the Revolution,” lecture by Eric Chandler, Thursday, April 20, 5:30-7:30, Danbury Museum and Historical Society, Huntington Hall, 43 Main Street, Danbury. Free.
“Monument Madness Minuteman Monument” by Kathie Bennewitz Thursday, April 20, noon, Lunch and Learn, at Westport Historical Society, 25 Avery Place, Westport; $10 donation, reservations recommended, 203-222-1424.
“The Not-So-Good-Life of the Colonial Goodwife” — a “funny, frank an interactive presentation about little-known issues faced by New England's colonial women” including “sex, birth control, childbirth, sickness, medicine and cooking,” presented by Velya Janz-Urban, Sunday, April 23, 2 p.m., Danbury Museum and Historical Society, Huntington Hall, 43 Main Street, Danbury. $10 per person.
Music George Washington Would Have Heard, concert of period songs and instrumental performances, Greens Farms Congregational Church, Westport, Sunday, April 23, 5 to 6. Sponsored by Westport Historical Society, $10 donation suggested.
The 1777 Danbury Raid Talk, by Ed Hynes, Wednesday, April 26, 7 to 8, Westport Historical Society, 25 Avery Place, Westport. $10 donation. Register at 203-222-1424.
“Separating Fact from Legend” Lecture on the Battle of Ridgefield by Keith M. Jones III, author of Farmers Against the Crown, the definitive account of battle, and the founding president of Ridgefield Historical Society, Friday, April 28, 7 p.m. St. Stephen's Church. Free. Reservations recommended at [email protected] or 203-438-5821.
British Encampment, Ballard Park, Saturday, April 29, 9-5: Reenactors from His Majesty's 54th Regiment of Foot in character, army drills, musket-ball smelting. Free.
American Encampment, Keeler Tavern, Saturday, April 29, 9-4: reenactors from Fifth Connecticut Regiment in character, artisans demonstrating crafts. Historic characters on grounds will include: Gen. Benedict Arnold, who led colonial troops at Battle of Ridgefield; Sybil Luddington, who rode through New York countryside sounding the alarm of British raid; and Timothy and Esther Keeler, local patriots and keepers of the tavern. Visitors may view the cannonball lodged in Tavern wall during the battle. Saturday, April 29, 9-4. Free.
Field Hospital and Encampment, Ridgefield Historical Society's Scott House on Sunset Lane, Saturday, April 29, 10-5. Features Dr. Amos Baker with 18th Century medical tools, also encampment by reenactors from Connecticut Fourth and Sixth Regiments. Camp followers will demonstrate campfire cooking. Germantown Ancients' Fife and Drum Corps will perform in afternoon. Free.
Walking tours of battle area, Saturday, April 29, leaving periodically from battle monument in stone wall by Casagmo. Battle history, and landmarks such as historic homes and churches. Reservations with Ridgefield Historical Society at [email protected] or 203-438-5821 Free.
The battle! British redcoat and Continental Army reenactors clash on Main Street, from near Casagmo down to the Keeler Tavern, with barricades near the library, Saturday, April 29, 10:30 to 2.
Honoring of wounded war veterans. At conclusion of battle reenactors of both armies will march to Masons' Jerusalem Lodge 49 just south of town hall to honor wounded war veterans. Address by First Selectman Rudy Marconi. Saturday, April 29, 2 p.m.
Anniversary Black Tie Gala, with dinner, Saturday, April 29, Lounsbury House, Main Street. Swing music by Glenn Hansen Orchestra, dinner with 1777 ingredients by chefs Tyler Anderson on Luke Venner. Cocktails at 5, dinner at 6:30. Tickets, $175 each, available at battleofridgefield.org.
Patriot Dinner, a colonial dinner and story of Wilton's part in the Raid on Danbury told by Bob Russell, Saturday, April 29, 6:30-9:30 Wilton Historical Society's Burt Barn. $50 for Wilton Historical Society members, $75 for non-members. Reservations at wiltonhistorical.org or 203-762-7257.
Outdoor religious service in Ballard Park by a period chaplin, Sunday, April 30. 9 a.m.
Graveside memorial service at Danbury's Wooster Cemetery for General David Wooster, the father of Connecticut Freemasonry, who was mortally wounded at Battle of Ridgefield; Sunday, April 30, 11 a.m. Free.
“Conversion 1777, Loyalist to Patriot,” lecture, Ridgebury congregational church Sunday April 30, 11:30, followed by guided tour of Ridgebury Cemetery's graves of Revolutionary War veterans. Free.
Olde Town Cemetery self-guided walking tours, visiting the graves of Revolutionary War soldiers. Volunteers in Revolutionary War era attire will tell the stories of some graveyard residents. Sunday, April 30, 1 to 4. The cemetery is along Route 116, North Salem Road, and adjoins other cemeteries off Mapleshade Road and North Street. Free.
Bus Tour of the Danbury Raid, Sunday, May 7, 9 to 4, starting at Compo Beach Westport. Reservation required, Westport Historical Society, 203-222-1424. $60 includes lunch.
FRIENDS: The pair decided to bury the hatchet after seeing each other at Thorpe Park
The first couple to be evicted from the Spanish villa had enjoyed a fiery relationship that appeared to have turned to ashes.
And since leaving the island, there was no love lost as they even refused to sit next to each other in TV interviews.
But they decided to bury the hatchet and make nice, declaring themselves ‘friends' after seeing each other at Thorpe Park.
The reunion happened at the theme park's new “Love Island Lates” area where fans can mingle on a specially-made beach in tropical comfort.
Hayley, 21, said: “I just realised that life is too short and I figured it was time to come back together so that we can at least leave everything on a good note. We're over it.”
Hatters keeper Marek Stech has been nominated for the PFA Bristol Street Motors League Two Player of the Month Award for August and September.
The ex-Sparta Prague stopper has kept five clean sheets in 11 Sky Bet League Two outings so far and is up against two other keepers for the award in Exeter's Christy Pym and Notts County's Adam Collin, while Mickey Demetriou (Newport County), Joe Jacobson (Wycombe Wanderers) and Jack Grimmer (Coventry) complete the six-man shortlist.
Supporters have until 11pm this evening to vote for Stech and when asked about the summer signing's form so far this term, Hatters boss Nathan Jones wasn't surprised to see him make such a favourable impression, particularly with his dominance of the penalty area.
He said: “That's why we bought him, he's 6ft 4, an international goalkeeper, good pedigree, used to playing at a higher level, played in this league, got promoted from the league above, so we know he's a good pedigree.
“That's what we want, we want keepers to be dominant.
“When we have young keepers here, we ask them to be dominant and have good starting positions and if they're going to make a mistake, then be positive.
Marek has taken the limelight in terms of being in the first team, but he's getting pushed every day by James and Harry (Isted). Nathan Jones
“Marek's shown that, but Marek's a fine goalkeeper and we're pleased with him.”
Jones also felt that being challenged for his place by James Shea and youngster Harry Isted has helped, adding: “We're delighted with the goalkeepers we've recruited, all three of them.
“Marek has taken the limelight in terms of being in the first team, but he's getting pushed every day by James and Harry (Isted).
“We explained the situation to all three of the keepers, they knew exactly where they were, and James has been exactly how we knew he would be. We think we have two number ones, we don't think we have a number one and number two.
“Invariably it's turned out that way so far, but we believe we've got two number ones and a real one for developing.
“We're in a good place with our goalkeepers and long may that continue.
The Arewa Youth Assembly (AYA) has said they will not be part of the present political movement known as Coalition of Nigeria Movement (CNM).
A statement issued by the speaker of the assembly Mohammed Salihu and made available to newsmen in Kaduna said, the originator of the movement, former President Olusegun Obasanjo in the year 1999 was elected on a National Consensus as the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) with lots of expectations from Nigerians, haven come out of a Dictatorship regime in the hands of the Military.
He said “people were anxious to be part of a new form of Governance, only for such expectations to be cut short with yet another form of Dictatorial Leadership.
“Former President Obasanjo assumed a form of a god. Only his wishes were sacred, those who opposed such are sacked or silenced. The internally Party Democracy became endangered, lawlessness became lawful if blessed by the powerful OBJ.
“Since that time till date, internal Democracy in Nigeria has not regained consciousness. Only ordained politicians are crowned as Governors, Senators, Members etc, the perceived stubborn politicians were hunted down with an instrument of Government called EFCC. The system which was supposed to be of the people for the people and by the people became a System for OBJ.
“In 2006 towards 2007, the powerful OBJ not satisfied with the 8 year tenure mandate given to him by Nigerians, decided to manipulate the Constitution to pave way for yet another term called Third Term.
“Thank God for notable Nigerians who resisted the plan and rendered it toothless. Since that time to date, even after handing over power to Late President Musa Yar'adua, OBJ has refused to lay low as being demonstrated by his Predecessors and others.
“We are very aware that Youths started being used as political thugs during his tenure, Arms were acquired for use by these thugs and today such practice has given birth to Boko Haram, Kidnapping, Arm Robbery, Cultism, etc.
The Northern part of Nigeria which overwhelmingly supported OBJ despite his rejection by his South West home, later became the worst hit, the North was set against the North, tribalism, religious sentiments, political hatred as a result of divide and rule principle became glaring. The North became divided against itself, all due to his selfish need to control political power in Nigeria.
“So many questions in our minds and Arewa youth still beg for answers, why was the North the victims of 1966 coup which OBJ was a key actor? Who betrayed Abubakar Rimi, Gen Babangida, Peter Odili among others ? Why the choice of late President Umaru Musa Yaradua despite his medical report? When did Boko Haram started and why allow it sprung out?
The youth group averred that today, “the same OBJ who has succeeded in setting us against ourselves , want to decide for us, who becomes our President. What mural justification can such a person have to decide for us.
“The so-called Coalition for Nigeria Movement we believe is selfish agenda yet created to cause disunity among us. It is obvious that OBJ has made himself the Nigerian Landlord, it is either you dance to his tune or be chased out, but the beauty of Democracy is that power lays with the people. We are the people and we will decide who govern us.
“We the Nigerian Youth especially the Northern Youths whom we speak for, have come of age. We will not allow ourselves to become victims of a Tyrant. We are aware that who every OBJ is planning to enposed onus is definitely going to be his stooge. President BUHARI and former President Goodluck Jonathan may have known and resisted this, that is why they became victims of his Sword Pen”.
The youth group called on all and sundry to rise up and salvage the country from the hands of those who want to mortgage it for their selfish aim stressing that “Never again will bitter history be repeated”.
Getty Images
Many fans and media members are conditioned to respond to news of the failed appeal of a player suspension by shrugging and saying, “What do you expect? The union allowed the Commissioner to be judged, jury, and executioner.”
But when it comes to positive tests under the PED policy (and positive tests under the substance-abuse policy), that's simply no longer the case. As part of the finalized agreement that authorizes the NFL to conduct blood testing for HGH, the league (surprisingly) agreed to surrender its previously exclusive power to resolve appeals of suspensions for positive test results.
The panel of independent arbitrators for PED positive tests consists of lawyers who are jointly selected and compensated by the league and the NFL Players Association. So the player who has a strong argument that the league believes is weak doesn't have to worry about a league executive or an independent hearing officer who really isn't independent rubber stamping the league's position.
As it relates to Patriots receiver Julian Edelman, it means that he had a full and fair chance to persuade a truly independent arbitrator that he shouldn't be suspended, and that the independent arbitrator didn't buy the arguments.
Perhaps at some point the arbitrator's written decision will be leaked, but probably not by Edelman's representatives. They likely don't want the public to see that Edelman received a proper hearing from an independent arbitrator, and they likely don't want the public to have a chance to digest the manner in which an independent arbitrator resolved a case that reportedly hinged in part on the vague notion that Edelman tested positive for “unrecognized substance.”
As previously surmised, that seemed to be a clever P.R. strategy aimed at creating the impression that the unrecognized substance possibly wasn't a PED. However, the full context of the PED policy suggests the league determined that, even though the specific substance may not have fit within more than 70 specific anabolic compounds listed in the policy, the thing for which Edelman tested positive nevertheless had “a similar chemical structure and similar biological effect(s)” to an anabolic agent.
Regardless of the specifics, the generalities paint a clear picture: Edelman received a fair opportunity to argue his case, and a truly independent arbitrator wasn't impressed. He'll serve his four-game suspension, barring a highly unlikely legal Hail Mary that becomes even more difficult when the arbitrator is truly independent.
THE CEBU Tenpin Bowling Association (Cetba) held a tournament at the SM City Cebu Bowling Center for its newly elected board of directors last Feb. 11 dubbed the Cetba Board of Directors Tournament.
Sonia Gakenholz, a new member of the board of directors, topped the three-game series by downing 616 pins. Cetba president Gretchen Tormis finished second with 607 pinfalls while Ways and Means Committee chairman Eric Bucoy completed the top three with 603 pinfalls.
A day after quitting the Congress and joining the BJP-led government in Gujarat, senior OBC leader Kunwarji Bavaliya on Wednesday took charge as the Water Supply, Animal Husbandry and Rural Housing Minister.Talking to reporters after taking charge here, Bavaliya said his priority would be to ensure regular supply of drinking water and uplift of the Koli community, to which he belongs."All the portfolios are of my interest as they touch the issues of the rural population. I am confident that I will be able to do justice to all these departments," he told reporters.Bavaliya, a five-time Congress legislator from Jasdan seat in Rajkot, had yesterday quit the party and was inducted as a cabinet minister into the Vijay Rupani government hours later.The OBC leader, who enjoys considerable clout in the numerically-strong Koli community in Saurashtra region, said that he would soon call a meeting of the officials of water supply department to discuss various issues."Solving problems of drinking water supply will be my priority. I would try my best to bring about a permanent solution to the water scarcity problem," Bavaliya, who had represented Rajkot seat in Lok Sabha between 2009 and 2014, said."I will also work for my Koli community. Due to the lack of education, they are facing problems and became victims of superstition. Education facilities are also less in their areas," he said.When asked what prompted him to quit the party which he had represented for over two decades, Bavaliya said his supporters urged him to take the decision of joining the BJP to do those works, which were not possible while being in the opposition party."I have taken the consent of the people of my constituency before joining the BJP. They had urged me to do something different to solve the pending problems. I agreed to their view that some works could be done only if you are in the ruling party," Bavaliya claimed.In the hectic political developments yesterday, Bavaliya resigned from the Congress, drove to the BJP office where he was inducted into the party and took oath as the state minister at the Raj Bhavan in Gandhinagar.He had accused Congress president Rahul Gandhi of "playing casteist politics in the party".With the entry of Bavaliya who hails from Saurashtra, the BJP is hoping to attract voters from Koli community, which has a sizable presence in the region.The BJP fared badly in Saurashtra in last year's Assembly polls as the Patidar community deserted it following the quota agitation led by Hardik Patel.The Koli community is present in large numbers in at least 20 Assembly constituencies in Saurashtra, which sends four MPs to the Lok Sabha.
BEIJING: Earlier this year, the city of Hangzhou, home to the internet giant Alibaba, was poised to join Beijing, Shanghai and a handful of other urban areas in banning smoking in public places, part of a long-running campaign against tobacco use in China.
But, like the country's broader anti-smoking campaign, the Hangzhou initiative then lost momentum. Instead of blanket bans on smoking in public indoor spaces, the city revised its regulations to allow smoking in designated areas in train or bus stations, as well as in bars or karaoke clubs.
Advertisement
Opposition to the tougher rules, according to a top national tobacco control official, was led by China National Tobacco Corp, the state monopoly.
The company has reported rising sales over the last year, which anti-tobacco campaigners say has helped to stall earlier successes in the national anti-smoking campaign.
The official declined to be named, citing a lack of approval to speak to the media.
"When it comes to the tobacco industry's obstruction and interference in implementing specific tobacco control articles, China has a serious problem," Yang Gonghuan, the former head of tobacco control at the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, said during a recent launch event for her book, Tobacco Control in China.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In the book, Yang details what she characterises as China Tobacco's efforts to thwart control measures by interfering with policy-making, spreading "false science" about the safety of low-tar cigarettes, promoting a smoking culture and criticising anti-tobacco advocates for working with foreign organisations.
The company did not respond to faxes and phone calls seeking comment.
In official statements, China Tobacco says it is trying to improve public health by fulfilling tobacco control obligations and working to decrease things like tar in cigarettes.
China Tobacco is huge, powerful and opaque.
Selling 98 per cent of the cigarettes in China under brands such as Red Pagoda Mountain and Double Happiness, the unlisted company is the world's biggest cigarette-maker by volume, generating revenue last year of 1.1 trillion yuan (US$172 billion).
It accounts for roughly 7 to 11 per cent of China's taxes.
EARLY PROGRESS
In 2015, after China rolled out measures under the World Health Organization's tobacco control convention, including a tax hike, health warnings on cigarette packets, advertising curbs, and public smoking bans, tobacco sales dropped for the first time since 2000. That trend continued into 2016.
In Beijing, tobacco sales dropped 8 per cent in 2016 after smoking was banned in public places in July 2015, according to state media.
"When they saw the statistics, China Tobacco started to fight the policy at all costs," the tobacco control official said.
In 2017, China Tobacco sold 0.8 per cent more cigarettes than the year before; in the first three months of 2018, sales rose 4.15 per cent by volume, according to official data.
China produces and consumes the most tobacco of any country: more than 300 million Chinese smoke, including more than half of all adult men, according to Yang.
Social acceptance of smoking in China, where cigarettes are often given as gifts at weddings or business gatherings, combined with low awareness of the associated health risks, means demand remains high despite 1 million tobacco-related deaths each year, according to her book.
Cigarettes are also cheap, even as other goods have become more expensive.
The affordability of average-priced brands, about 13 yuan per pack, and for cheaper brands, as little as 3 yuan, halved between 2001 and 2016, when taking into account inflation and rising income levels, according to research by Zheng Rong at the University of International Business and Economics in Beijing.
Illegal online sale of cigarettes via food delivery platforms, arcade games with cigarettes as prizes and thin cigarettes targeting female smokers have also fuelled sales in recent years, according to an article by Zheng Pinpin, a public health researcher at Fudan Univesity in Shanghai.
"FIREWALL" HOPES
In March, China's parliament announced a reshuffle of the body in charge of implementing the WHO measures, putting the National Health Commission in the lead, which sparked hope among tobacco control advocates that the industry would be cut out of regulation.
"One would like to see, such as in Thailand, a process where a firewall is built between the concerns of the industry and its interests and any policymaking," Gauden Galea, the WHO's China representative, told Reuters.
Yet, anti-smoking advocates worry that heavy reliance on tobacco tax revenue undermines political will to curb smoking.
An increase in the wholesale tax from 5 per cent to 11 per cent in 2015 is largely credited with the 2.3 and 5.6 per cent drops in cigarette sales volumes in 2015 and 2016, respectively.
But Hu Teh-wei, an expert on China's tobacco industry at the University of California, Berkeley, said that impact had now been blunted and that significant tax hikes were needed to seriously deter smokers, a prospect he said was not currently under consideration in China.
- Advertisement -
A “large-scale operation” is under way to rescue construction workers after a tunnel-boring machine caught fire.
The blaze broke out on Monday morning at the building site for the Brenner tunnel, a railway link under the Alps designed to connect Austria with Italy.
According to ORF, Austria's public broadcaster, there were 50 workers inside the tunnel at the time – with 12 taking cover inside a security container.
- Advertisement -
Three people are believed to be unaccounted for – and, according to police, the incident happened “relatively deep inside” the tunnel.
Although the blaze has now been extinguished, fire crews are still attempting to bring those inside to safety.
The 34-mile (55km) Brenner tunnel is due to be completed in 2025, slashing journey times between the Austrian city of Innsbruck and northern Italy.
It will form part of a 40-mile (64km) tunnel system through the Alps, making it the longest underground rail link in the world.
GENERAL INTEREST
Navy Tour
Mobile Navy Week is Feb. 22-28 and includes a port visit from USS Mason, Navy Band Southeast performances, the Navy parachute team, ordnance disposal team, divers and officers. Visit www.facebook.com/NavyBandSoutheast.
Orchid Show & Sale
Bellingrath Gardens & Home will host the Mobile Area Orchid Society's 40th annual Orchid Show & Sale from Friday, Feb. 17, through Sunday, Feb. 19. Call 251-209-1008.
Seafood Festival and Car Show
25th annual Orange Beach Seafood Festival and Car Show is Saturday, Feb. 18, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., on Main Street at The Wharf. www.obparksandrec.com.
45th anniversary luncheon
Please join Via for a community-wide celebration in recognition of almost a half century of serving seniors and the community. Wednesday, Feb. 16 at 11:30 a.m. 1717 Dauphin St. Call 251-470-5229.
Merry Market
Free monthly arts and craft market at The Merry Widow. Wednesday, Feb. 22, 6 p.m. [email protected].
Rabies clinic
The Mobile County Health Department provides low-cost rabies shots for cats, dogs and ferrets during a weekend clinic. This Saturday's clinic is at St. Elmo Feed & Seed, 9001 U.S. Highway 90 West. Cost of the rabies vaccine is $8. Call 251-690-8823.
Microchip and rabies clinic
University Animal Hospital will offer microchips for $25 and $10 rabies shots on Saturday, Feb. 18, 12:30-2:30 p.m. University Animal Clinic is located at 509 Georgia Drive.
Spotlight: A Gulf Coast Talent Showcase
Presented by Distinguished Young Women, this is an audition for a talent showcase for grades 1-12 to win money for your school. Visit gulfcoastspotlight.com to enter.
Winter Wednesday at Bellingrath
Each week through Feb. 22 in the Magnolia Room. “Ancient Forests of Alabama” with Brian Axsmith, Ph.D., will be held Wednesday, Feb. 15, at 10:30 a.m. Call 251-973-2217, ext. 111, to register or email [email protected]
Dauphin Island Boardwalk Talks
Boardwalk Talks are held the first and third Wednesday of each month at 11:15 a.m. at the Dauphin Island Sea Lab, 101 Bienville Blvd. Call 251-861-2141.
Midtown Optimist Club
Join Midtown Optimist Club every Wednesday at noon for lunch at Azalea City Golf Course. Call 251-348-3542.
Toastmasters
Do you want to learn how to deliver a speech like a pro or gain leadership skills to advance your career? Toastmasters International meets regularly at six locations in Mobile and Baldwin counties. Visit www.toastmasters.org for more information.
ARTS
“Night of the Classical Masters”
An evening of classical music, Tuesday, Feb. 21, at Dauphin Way United Methodist Church. Admission is free; concert begins at 7 p.m. at Dauphin Way UMC, located at 1507 Dauphin St., Mobile.
Winter Band Concert
USA's Symphony Band and Wind Ensemble annual Winter Band Concert is Tuesday, Feb. 21, at 7:30 p.m. in the Laidlaw Performing Arts Center Recital Hall. Call 251-460-7116 or 251-460-6136.
Faculty flute recital
Travis Jones will present a faculty flute recital titled “F is for Flute” on Wednesday, Feb. 22, at 7:30 p.m. in the Laidlaw Performing Arts Center. General admission is $8. Call 251-460-7116 or 251-460-6136.
MUSEUMS
“Shipwreck! Pirates and Treasure”
Now on display at GulfQuest Museum is the highly interactive exhibit “Shipwreck! Pirates & Treasure.” Features more than 500 authentic artifacts recovered from deep ocean shipwrecks. Visit www.gulfquest.org.
“Faces of Africa”
The History Museum of Mobile's exhibit, “Faces of Africa: a Mystical View of Tribal Heritage,” runs through Monday, July 31. Call 251-208-7420.
“Drugs: Costs and Consequences”
The Gulf Coast Exploreum Science Center and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration team up to present a powerful interactive exhibit of the effects of drugs on individuals and society. Through August. Visit exploreum.com.
Fairhope's Founding
There is quite a story behind Fairhope's founding in 1894. Learn more about it at the Fairhope Museum of History, 24 N. Section St. The museum is open daily (except Sunday and Monday) from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Call 251-929-1471.
Little Discoveries
“Outside the Box,” aimed at children 6 and under, explores how innovation and creativity can lead to a world of possibilities starting with a simple cardboard box. Wednesdays at 10 a.m. Call 251-208-6893 or email [email protected].
Thursdays at MMoA
Every Thursday from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m., the Mobile Museum of Art offers free admission to all visitors. No reservations are necessary. MMoA is at 4850 Museum Drive. Call 251-208-5200.
SPORTING EVENTS/ACTIVITIES
Sea Turtle Half & Sweetheart 5K
Saturday, Feb. 18, 7:30 a.m. The Hangout in Gulf Shores. www.lafleetfeet.com.
Battleship Rugby
Battleship Rugby will play Montgomery on the front lawn of USS Alabama Battleship Memorial Park Saturday, Feb. 18, at 1 p.m. Admission is $2 per car. Bring lawn chairs and blankets.
Archery tournament
The Hoyt Archery Pro/Am is set for Feb. 16-19 at Graham Creek Nature Preserve, 23460 Wolf Bay Drive, Foley. For more information, visit www.FoleySportsTourism.com.
Bridge lessons
The Mobile Bridge Center offers free bridge lessons each Tuesday at 6 p.m. 1510 University Blvd. Arrive a few minutes early to register. Call the Bridge Center at 251-666-2147, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
Fitness classes
Palmer Pillans Middle School has new exercise classes: yoga, Guts, Butts & Thighs, Guns & Buns, Ab Attack and Yoga Tone. Call 251-463-7980 or visit communityactivitiesprogram.com.
Dance classes
Palmer Pillans Middle School offers new dance classes: Beginning Ballroom, Beyond Basic Ballroom, Dance Fit Line Dance, and beginner and intermediate Belly Dancing. Call 251-463-7980 or visit communityactivitiesprogram.com.
Holy yoga
Tamara William leads lunchtime holy yoga at The Steeple on St. Francis every Wednesday. Cost is $15. Participants will connect with Christ in mind, body and spirit. Call 251-656-3269.
Ballroom dance
Azalea Ballroom Dance Club hosts dances the second and fourth Tuesday of every month; 7-9:30 p.m. at Via! Health, Fitness & Enrichment Center, 1717 Dauphin St. Email [email protected] , call 251-623-9183 or visit www.azaleaballroomdanceclub.com.
Ballroom dance
The Moonlight Chasse Ballroom Dance Society hosts dance the first and third Monday of every month, 7-9:30 p.m., at Hot Wheels Skating Rink, Daphne. Email [email protected].
The first trailer for “Crazy Rich Asians” is here and it's as magnificent as you would expect from the movie's title.
Released on Monday, it introduces Constance Wu of “Fresh Off the Boat” as Rachel Chu — a woman who agrees to finally meet her boyfriend's family only to discover exactly why he hasn't been the most forthcoming when it comes to sharing details about them. Starring opposite Wu is Henry Golding as boyfriend Nick Young.
Every day, major corruption cases are splashing on the front pages of newspapers around the world. Thankfully, corruption is no longer perceived as a “victimless” crime, but as an infringement on the fundamental human right to equal treatment.
World leaders are now paying more attention because they recognize that corruption is not just one of the main causes for economic and social inequality, but for social discontent and potential political upheaval.
Here they go again
The current test case in the headlines is Romania. More than half a million people took the streets nationwide last week to protest against the new government measures to weaken the country´s anticorruption laws.
These demonstrations are clearly aimed at defending the success that Romania has achieved during the last few years in the fight against corruption, and holding the government accountable.
Under massive popular pressure, the Romanian government withdrew its attempt to decriminalize some forms of corruption (when the amount involved was less than $47,000).
Bad numbers
Romania ranks in the 57th position out of 176 countries measured by Transparency International in its corruption perception index.
Even though it is an EU member, not much change in the perceptions of people on the levels of graft and corruption in the country, not much has changed since 2007 when Romania joined the European Union (the ranking in 2007 was 69th out of 179 countries).
The reason why Romanians fight against corruption is because they recognize, as citizens in other, similarly affected nations do, that corruption results in political instability, economic deprivation, low efficiency and poor governance.
Bad for any nation's balance sheet
Corruption and bad governance are very real liabilities on any nation's balance sheet. Its consequences are multi-dimensional: democratic, economic, and geopolitical.
Although the cost of corruption may appear to be obique, it ends up costing everyone.
The World Bank estimates that more than $1 trillion are paid in bribes globally every year. Beyond that staggering number, what makes it much worse in real life is that corruption takes a disproportionately heavy toll on poorer and transition countries.
High levels of corruption not only weaken the public institutions. They also diminish the public's confidence in the very institutions that are designed to protect the public. It thus runs counter to the core tenets of democracy and economic growth.
The case of Romania underscores that corruption is also hurting the European Union (EU). Corruption represents a security challenge. That it occurs in the EU's fragile Eastern and Southern neighborhood makes it all the more risky.
Corruption and the debt crisis
As if that weren't bad enough, there is robust evidence that the eurozone´s debt crisis is correlated to the extensive levels of corruption in several Southern European countries.
For example, in Greece, inherited legacies of corruption manifest themselves in the here and now – in the form of weak compliance in tax collection, lack of transparency, red tape and an unfriendly business environment.
These factors are among the main root causes that brought the country in the brink of the financial and economic crises.
High levels of perceived corruption in Greece, which ranks amongst the most corrupted countries in the EU, are associated with tax evasion, therefore undermining the whole basis of the tax collection system .
Refugees and corruption
Beyond the EU countries themselves, the many refugees arriving at — or aiming for — Europe's shores are a direct result of countries in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region, to varying degrees, having seen many years of an unfortunate diet of bloody uprisings, civil strife, terrorism and economic underdevelopment.
Little wonder that hundreds of thousands of people are fleeing these regions searching for safety in Europe.
In that sense, the refugee crisis is also the result of policymakers in Europe overlooking the endemic corruption that had plagued African countries for many decades. The consequences of this not-so-benign neglect for international security are clear for all to see.
The road to EU membership and corruption
On the Eastern front, state capture and the runaway corruption of Yanukovych's government were among the main promoters of the Maidan protests in Ukraine.
The country still struggles with the disastrous post-independence legacy of a quarter century of self-inflicted problems of corruption, an unjust rule of law and an economy dominated by oligarchs.
In the Western Balkans, corruption is a scourge as well. Governments there celebrate if and when they move up a couple of ranks in the Transparency International indices.
They fail to see clearly enough that corruption is destroying the future of the average people in the region and hindering the European integration process of their countries.
While the move toward anti-corruption policies progresses at the global level, any move on the policy front is only as meaningful as the political will to enforce them.
The citizens are key to winning the battle
The role of citizens challenging their home country governments is key. The current battle over Romania's future is only one example.
To clear the air for real over the pestilence of corruption requires far more than relying on technology, the internet, social media and investigative journalism. All of them are useful tools to raise awareness.
Corrupt governments will only live up to the need for serious change if the people make this battle their own fight and leave the corruptors and corrupted no other choice than to give up their illicit ways.
SAN FRANCISCO: Facebook's chief of security said late Monday (Mar 19) his role has shifted to focusing on emerging risks and election security at the global social network, which is under fire for letting its platform be used to spread bogus news and manipulate voters.
Alex Stamos announced the change in his work role after The New York Times reported he was leaving Facebook in the wake of internal clashes over how to deal with Russian actors using the platform to spread false or exaggerated stories to cause division among US voters.
"Despite the rumors, I'm still fully engaged with my work at Facebook," Stamos said in a message posted at his verified Twitter account.
"It's true that my role did change. I'm currently spending more time exploring emerging security risks and working on election security."
Despite the rumors, I'm still fully engaged with my work at Facebook. It's true that my role did change. I'm currently spending more time exploring emerging security risks and working on election security. — Alex Stamos (@alexstamos) March 19, 2018
Stamos advocated investigating and revealing manipulation of news at the social network by Russian entities, to the chagrin of chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg and other top executives, the Times reported, citing unnamed current and former employees.
The Times said Stamos had decided in December he was done with Facebook, but remained at the social network as part of a plan to smoothly hand his job off to a successor.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Neither Facebook nor Stamos directly commented on how long he intended to remain at the company, referring to his tweet in response to queries.
The California-based social media giant is facing an onslaught of criticism at home and abroad over revelations that a firm working for Donald Trump's presidential campaign harvested and misused data on 50 million members.
The British data analysis company, hired by the 2016 Trump campaign, said the source of the accusations - which it called a "former contractor" - was "misrepresenting himself and the company".
"This Facebook data was not used by Cambridge Analytica as part of the services it provided to the Donald Trump presidential campaign; personality-targeted advertising was not carried out for this client either," it said in a statement.
CAMERA ON CAMBRIDGE ANALYTICA
Calls for investigations came on both sides of the Atlantic after Facebook responded to the explosive reports of misuse of its data by suspending the account of Cambridge Analytica.
Vera Jourova, the European commissioner for justice, consumers and gender equality, called the revelations "horrifying, if confirmed," and vowed to address concerns in the United States this week.
In Britain, parliamentary committee chair Damian Collins said both Cambridge Analytica and Facebook had questions to answer.
According to a joint investigation by the Times and Britain's Observer, Cambridge Analytica was able to create psychological profiles on 50 million Facebook users through a personality prediction app downloaded by 270,000 people, but also scooped up data from friends.
Facebook said it had hired a digital forensics firm to examine how the data leak occurred and to ensure that any data collected had been destroyed.
An undercover investigation of Cambridge Analytica by Britain's Channel 4 found executives boasted they could entrap politicians in compromising situations with bribes and Ukrainian sex workers, and spread misinformation online.
The executives claimed to have worked in more 200 elections across the world, including Argentina, the Czech Republic, India, Kenya and Nigeria.
The British firm said it "strongly denies" the claims from Channel 4 as well as reports on misuse of Facebook data.
Facebook shares skidded 6.8 per cent by the close of the Nasdaq amid concerns about pressure for new regulations that could hurt its business model.
Shares slipped another percent or so to US$170 in after-market trades.
1. Evgeny Kuznetsov is on a roll. Alex Ovechkin is the superstar in Washington but let's not overlook what Evgeny Kuznetsov has been doing for the Capitals this postseason, and especially lately. Entering Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final on Wednesday night Kuznetsov is riding an 11-game point streak and is the NHL's leading scorer this postseason with 25 points in 20 games.
That is also one of the most productive individual performances in recent postseason history.
Over the past 25 years there have been more than 450 players to play in at least 20 games in a single postseason. Out of that group Kuznetsov's 1.25 point per game average is the 12th highest.
Since the 2000 only nine different players have recorded more than 26 points in a single playoff run. Given the way he has been going for the Capitals recently he seems destined to join that group.
2. The Capitals better win tonight. At the very least it would be in their best interest to win because If they do not history is not on their side.
As noted by Sean Leahy this afternoon, teams that grab a 2-0 series lead in the Stanley Cup Final are 46-5 when it comes to going on to winning it all. Teams that win the first two games on home ice 36-3.
The most recent team to overcome such a deficit was the 2010-11 Boston Bruins who lost the first two games in Vancouver and then won four of the next five.
The 2008-09 Pittsburgh Penguins also did it after losing the first two games of that series in Detroit against the Red Wings.
3. Vegas' fourth line truly was dominant in Game 1. This was perhaps the most stunning development in the first game of this series. All postseason, and especially in recent games, Vegas' offense has been carried by the play of its dynamic top line of Jonathan Marchessault, William Karlsson, and Reilly Smith. As expected, they were also productive in Vegas' 6-4 Game 1 win. But it was the performance of the fourth line that really stood out. Not only did they score the game-tying goal in the third period, quickly answering a Tom Wilson go-ahead goal on a controversial play that saw goal-scorer Ryan Reaves cross-check John Carlson out of the way, but they absolutely dominated possession when they were on the ice. The trio of Reaves, Pierre-Edouard Bellemare and Tomas Nosek were all better than 70 percent in the shot attempts department as individuals. When all three were on the ice together Vegas out-attempted the Capitals by an 18-5 margin and outscored them by a 2-0 margin. They did all of that in just 8:40 of ice-time.
Over the past two games the trio is 25-9 in the shot attempts department and 3-0 on the scoreboard. You get that sort of play from your fourth line, good things are going to happen for your team.
The big question is whether or not they are capable of doing it again, or if the past two games — and especially the most recent games — were just well-timed outliers.
(Data via Natural Stat Trick)
4. Bounceback game for the goalies? Perhaps the most frustrating thing for the Capitals in Game 1 was that they were actually able to get to Golden Knights goalie Marc-Andre Fleury, scoring four goals on 28 shots.
This is nothing new for the Capitals. In their two previous playoff matchups against Fleury they scored more than enough goals against him to win only to end up losing because they could not stop anybody. The exact same storyline played out on Monday.
The concern for the Capitals is that Fleury has not really had consecutive bad games this postseason. Game 1 was the fourth time this postseason that Fleury has allowed at least four goals in a playoff game. In the previous three he came back the next game and won each of them with a combined save percentage of .932.
On the other side, Braden Holtby‘s Game 1 performance was one of his worst of the playoffs — and one of the worst of his career — stopping only 28 of the 33 shots he has faced.
Trouble here is that Holtby has been extremely hot-and-cold over the past seven games. He came through in a big way in Games 6 and 7 of the Eastern Conference Final to record back-to-back shutouts (his first two shutouts of the entire 2017-18 season). But in the other five games he is only 1-4 and had a save percentage above .864 only once.
They need the great Holtby in Game 2.
MORE:
• NBC's Stanley Cup Playoff Hub
• Stanley Cup Final Schedule
—
Adam Gretz is a writer for Pro Hockey Talk on NBC Sports. Drop him a line at phtblog@nbcsports.com or follow him on Twitter @AGretz.
NEW YORK (AP) — AOL has announced that it is discontinuing its pioneering Instant Messenger chat platform after 20 years of service.
An article on AOL's website posted Friday says AOL Instant Messenger will be discontinued on Dec. 15. AOL says it's shutting down the program because its focus is “on building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products.”
Users can still use the program until Dec. 15. After that date, users won't be able to sign in.
AOL Instant Messenger was wildly popular in the late 1990s and early 2000s and claimed more than 100 million registered users in 2001. Its popularity as a communication tool waned amid the rise of text messaging, Google Chat and social networking sites.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Rodger E. Coakley, 68, of Collinsville, died at 9:49 p.m. Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017, at his home.
Visitation will be 5-8 p.m. Friday, Dec. 15, at Irwin Chapel, 3960 Maryville Road in Granite City, where funeral services will be 10 a.m. Saturday, Dec. 16. Burial will be at Sunset Hill Memorial Estates in Glen Carbon.
Love Island star Ellie Jones hit headlines earlier today when she appeared to support far-right activist Tommy Robinson in a series of Facebook posts.
And now Jack Fincham's Love Island 2018 ex has shocked again with as of her online activity has emerged.
Daily Star Online has discovered that the Essex lass is a part of a number of abusive groups on Facebook.
This includes ones titled: "Seeing a fat person eating and thinking 'I bet you like that, don't you.'"
She is also a fan of another group named: "Oi sl*g. Who do your kids look confused? Oh yeah, it's Father's Day."
MAJOR discount retailer Poundstretcher could become the latest casualty of the UK High Street.
GETTY TURBULANT: Poundstretcher is the latest retailer to suffer problems on the High Street
The retail giant has had its credit insurance – which protects suppliers if a firm goes bust – tightened. This move is “generally seen as an indicator of concerns a retailer is about to go bust”, reports Plymouth Live. Credit insurers Euler Hermes has taken the decision to tighten terms on the retailer's parent company Crown Crest.
GETTY UNCERTAIN FUTURE: Poundstretcher's troubles come amid several new store openings
Crown Crest is used as the counterparty by many of Poundstretcher's suppliers because it has a stronger balance sheet than the on-street retailer. They saw a £3.4million profit turn into a massive £3.5million loss in 2017, signalling troubling times. But now the restrictions have been placed, it could paint a worrying picture for the retailer's future. The same move was made at New Look earlier this year, before the clothing giant announced a plan to close a raft of stores.
Is the Great British high street DYING? The beloved stores that have closed It seems like half the shops we remember from when we were kids have gone. Is the Great British high street dying? We take a look at the stores that have closed 1 / 18 PA Archive/PA Images BHS (British Home Stores) closed amid controversy surrounding chairman Philip Green in 2016
Advertisement
The World Bank under the Fadama III Additional Financing Project in Jigawa State is collaborating with UPL-RICO, a specialist in rice crop protection around the globe, to boost rice production by conducting a demonstration trial of early post emergence herbicide, known as EROS GOLD.
Speaking at the trial, which held at the demonstrators ion farm located at Gada/Ganji rice production cluster in Kirikasamma Local Government Area, the Jigawa State Commissioner of Agriculture, Alhaji Kabiru Ali, remarked: “Rice, being an important crop in Nigeria, therefore, the state government is doing its best in collaborating with investors and Agricultural experts to increase rice production and support farmers with effective insecticides and herbicides for the control of pests, diseases and weeds and the increase production all over the State.”
Ali commended the Fadama III (AF) and UPL-Rice Co for the collaboration and support to the farmers in the state.
Advertisement
He said: “I am very glad with the progress seen on the demonstration plots and I urge all the production clusters officials to ensure that they have adopted and step down the new technology acquired to their group members for increase in yield.”
Earlier in his welcome address, the Acting State Coordinator of Fadama III (AF), Aminu Isa Ringim, informed that over the last one year, all efforts were made to prepare business plans in the 23 participating LGA's.
So far, 11 clusters for rice and 23 for sorghum have been formed and awaiting implementation in the next coming season, in addition to the two rice clusters implemented during the last dry season.
Shanni Srivastava, the representative of the company, stated that the herbicide demonstrated, EROS GOLD, is with pre-emergence to early post-emergence activity on weeds in rice crops.
The farmers expressed happiness with the performance of the new herbicides, even as they were warned that it could not be used for other crops.
We love our pets. They provide us with unyielding love and affection and are valued members of our families. Anyone who has ever owned a pet can attest to the fact that their mere presence contributes health and emotional benefits to their households.
According to an Ipsos Reid survey conducted in April 2011 on behalf of the Canadian Veterinary Medical Association and Hill's Pet Nutrition, approximately 38% of Canadian households report to owning a cat and 35%, a dog. It is estimated that there are approximately 5.9 million dogs and 7.9 million cats living with families in Canada.
With that many pets living in our homes, they obviously fulfill a basic need in our personal lives, but they can also contribute to our wellbeing at work. Consider the following ways.
Reducing stress
Just looking into the warm, adoring eyes of your German Sheppard or Border Collie will instantly melt your heart and your stress away. The simple act of stroking and interacting with a pet is enough of a distraction to quickly remedy the effects of stress.
In fact, according to a 2012 research study published in the International Journal of Workplace Health Management, job related stress levels fell among a group of Greensboro, N.C., employees when they had their dogs by their sides. On the other hand, stress levels rose for their coworkers who were without their pets or had none at all; clearly demonstrating the health benefits to workers accompanied by their pets.
Improving workplace relationships
There is nothing that breaks the ice faster among strangers than the mutual affection of a dog or cat. Imagine how the presence of well-behaved pets in the workplace could build team spirit and strengthen bonds between colleagues who may have little else in common. The presence of a pet at work is an excellent catalyst to strengthening work relationships and contributing to employee engagement.
A 2010 study conducted by Central Michigan University reveals that dogs in the workplace can lead to more trust between coworkers and that leads to more collaboration among team members. These results indicate that dogs in the workplace can do more to build team spirit than a costly and time consuming teambuilding exercise.
More focused work
For employers, allowing pets into the workplace can have the added benefit of employees focusing better at work, as they are less likely to rush home to tend to their animals.
According to a 2008 study of 50 small and large companies by the American Pet Products Manufacturers Association, companies that allow pets in the workplace not only have employees who are more willing to work longer hours, but also have a lower rate of employee absenteeism.
By spending quality time with pets at work and tending to their needs throughout the day, employees can guiltlessly remain at the office to complete their assignments with their beloved friends by their sides.
Considerations
Despite the potential advantages of bringing your pet to work, there are at least four important matters to consider:
Ensure there is a clear pet policy for the office. Cats and dogs together would probably create chaos. Pets at the office need to be well-behaved, healthy and up-to-date with their vaccines. Ensure no employee would be adversely affected by the presence of pets. Any pet allergies or pet fears need to be addressed ahead of time. Ensure that you are providing a safe environment for your pets at the office. A designated area for the pet within the office or cubicle must be created and respected to ensure their own safety, as well as that of the other staff is maintained. Ensure that your pet's needs are met. Adequate food, water and exercise are necessary to maintain a healthy and happy pet. The pet owner is obligated to ensure that their pet's basic needs are met at the office.
While allowing pets at work is not the cure-all for all that ails, the presence of a pet, when appropriate, can certainly contribute positively to the overall ambiance of the job. A pet-friendly policy can be initiated only if all employees are on-board and then trialed gradually to safeguard the integrity of the workplace.
Pets can work even in large corporate environments. With a staff of 1,700, EA Canada, a video game developing company located in Burnaby, B.C., has 190 registered dog owners and offers many canine accommodations. They provide an off-leash area complete with complimentary poo bags and have addressed employee allergies to pets by designating pet-free areas, where no animal can enter.
Bringing pets to work, even as a monthly or annual event can bring together groups of employees and establish camaraderie based on the common love of animals.
With “Take your dog to work day” falling generally on the second to last Friday in June, it might be a great way to test the waters, which may then lead to a more comprehensive pet policy.
By: Isabel Rut
Mumbai: A special CBI court which is conducting trial in the Sheena Bora murder case on Saturday allowed former media baron Peter Mukerjea's plea seeking to examine approver Shyamvar Rai's mobile phone.
The phone and its SIM card are in the custody of the Bandra magistrate court, where Rai is facing a case under the Arms Act.
Peter Mukerjea's lawyers wanted access to Rai's phone in order to cross-examine him further.
Rai, Mukerjea's former driver and one of the accused in the Sheena Bora murder case, had turned approver (prosecution witness) and was granted pardon by the court.
Special CBI judge JC Jagdale on Saturday also allowed Peter Mukerjea's plea seeking the log book of a police vehicle used by suburban Khar police when they arrested Rai in 2015.
Rai had been detained illegally a few days prior to his formal arrest, Mukerjea's lawyer had alleged earlier.
However, the court rejected his request seeking call detail records (CDR) of inspector Dinesh Kadam, former investigating officer of the case, and sub-inspector Ganesh Dalvi, who arrested Rai in the Arms Act case.
The April 2012 murder of Sheena Bora, daughter of Indrani, Peter's wife, from an earlier relationship, came to light in August 2015 after Rai, arrested for illegal possession of a firearm, told police about the murder.
It led to arrest of Indrani, her former husband Sanjeev Khanna, and later Peter Mukerjea.
Top photo: East Elgin Secondary School boys curler Branden Blakely threw a rock during a practice at the Aylmer Curling Club on Wednesday, Feb. 8. On an adjacent sheet, another EESS rink defeated Lord Dorchester Secondary School 10-0 to improve their record to six wins and two losses, good for third place in the South East varsity boys division. Bottom photo: EESS girls curlers Anna Harms, left, and Nicole Mellor swept as a rock thrown by skip Catitlyn Evely, standing in behind, made its way into the house. The EESS girls easily beat Dorchester 16-2 that day to remain in first place with an undefeated record of nine wins this season. EESS coach Steve Jones said the South East page playoff will be held on Wednesday, Feb. 22 with a location to be determined but he hoped it would be played at the Aylmer Curling Club. He said results from that day will determine opponents and the location for the next playoff game.
ROSENEATH -
A presentation by the company that Alnwick/Haldimand Township has contracted with to collect certain insurance claim monies after some residential fires have taken place is making a special council presentation at 12:30 p.m. this Thursday at the Alnwick Civic Centre.
Some people have expressed concern about paying for fire protection through taxes and then again through their insurance company.
A Roseneath area resident is a delegation at council the same afternoon immediately following that of the contracted company, Fire Marque.
The ruling BJP in Maharashtra is leading in Palghar but trailing in the Bhandara-Gondiya constituency as counting progresses in the May 28 Lok Sabha bypolls here on Thursday.
At 11 a.m., the BJP candidate in Palghar, Rajendra Gavit, notched up over 80,000 votes while his nearest Shiv Sena rival Shriniwas Vanga was trailing at around 62,000 votes.
They were followed by the Bahujan Vikas Aghadi's Baliram Jadhav at 54,000 votes and Congress's Damodar Shingada at 17,000 votes.
In Bhandara, the BJP candidate Hemant Patle, who was leading in the earlier rounds of counting, suddenly fell behind Nationalist Congress Party's Madhukar Kukde, who surged ahead with a lead of over 17,000 votes.
Elections in both the constituencies were marred by large-scale incidents of malfunctioning EVM-VVPATs with all the opposition parties and ruling ally Shiv Sena hurling allegations of foul play and tampering of the machines.
The high-stakes elections in both the seats, came in the wake of Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis' vow, to win the elections “come what may” — and his subsequent controversial remarks of using “Saam, Daam, Dand, Bhed” to bag the polls at all costs.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - U.S. food companies called out rising freight costs as a reason for lower profit margins in the holiday quarter, with more pain seen in 2018 as a dearth of drivers and higher diesel prices make it even more expensive to transport products to stores.
Hershey Co, Mondelez International, J M Smucker Co and Campbell Soup Co said higher transportation costs hurt profits during the quarter, preventing them from taking advantage of lower commodity prices.
An increase in truck rates over the next 12 months implies a 15-18 basis point gross margin headwind for U.S. food companies on average, Bernstein analyst Alexia Howard said in a note last week.
Recruiting and retaining truck drivers has been a lingering problem for U.S. trucking companies as they compete for qualified ones at a time of low unemployment, while striving to keep pay, a huge expense, as low as possible.
Fuel costs are rising too. Diesel prices were 37 cents per gallon higher in September-December 2017 than a year ago. The average diesel fuel price per gallon for most of January was up 44 cents from last year.
Structural labor shortages and higher fuel costs would drive truck rates up 5 to 6 percent in the next year, Howard said.
Freight typically accounts for about 5 percent of costs of goods sold, or roughly 3 percent of sales on average for food manufacturing companies.
“Looking across the entire food value chain, the margin headwind could be as high as 50-70 basis points for the entire industry,” Howard said.
Kisses chocolate maker Hershey reported a 1.8 percent fall in adjusted margins, partly hit by freight costs. Oreo-cookies maker Mondelez said margins in the quarter were flat compared with last year with cost of sales rising nearly 3 percent.
This comes despite prices of key ingredient Cocoa falling to a five-month low in December.
Jif Peanut butter maker J.M. Smucker and soup maker Campbell warned in November that freight and truck-related issues would hit margins. The companies are yet to report results for the last quarter of the year.
“Demand for overall transportation is exceeding supply in marketplace and this makes a tough situation more difficult,” said Mark Pogharian, Hershey's vice president for investor relations.
He added that shippers would have limited flexibility to move shipments based on truck availability and may cause overall market rates to increase further. (Reporting by Sangameswaran S, additional reporting by Siddharth Cavale in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
My colleagues and I got into a discussion about cooking the other day and, needless to say, I had nothing to offer.
I'm kind of like a bull in a china shop when it comes to cooking and working in the kitchen.
I've never met a knife that didn't cut me and fires seem to spontaneously erupt when I'm near any appliance that heats food.
I once burned a Styrofoam plate on a stove burner when I turned the wrong knob for the burner I had intended to cook on. Let me tell you, there is nothing smellier or harder to clean off of a burner than Styrofoam. And, the smell lingered for what seemed like years every time that burner was used.
I also started a fire in my toaster oven and just before I was going to douse it with a glass of water, my husband pulled the plug. That could have had a far worse outcome had that appliance been plugged in. I can just see the story in the local newspaper, "Woman electrocuted dousing water on a burning toaster oven."
I think I inherited my cooking skills from my grandmother. I remember one Thanksgiving when my grandmother was stirring something on the stove with a spoon wrapped in an oven mitt. The oven mitt must have touched a burner and it started on fire. For some reason she didn't see it and it just kept burning. Then her brother looked over and calmly told her that she was on fire. He didn't even get up to help put out the fire. I'm guessing that it wasn't the first time something like that had happened.
Recommended Stories For You
Microwaves ovens also aren't safe when I'm in the kitchen. I once put some tin foil in a microwave. That was exciting and scary at the same time.
So I steer clear of the kitchen and let my husband do the cooking. When I'm in the kitchen he worries and hovers over me if I attempt to cook something. ❖
1:02 Kim somehow gets even more naked Kim Kardashian posted racy photos to promote her latest fragrance, KKW Body. The stunt, which inches dangerously close to full-frontal nudity, caused one Twitter user to joke that the scent would be “salmon” flavored.
1:48 Channing Tatum's mouth is in demand Men are asking their plastic surgeons for the “Macho Mouth” to look more like Channing Tatum, Brad Pitt and Harry Styles. “Macho Mouth” creator Dr. Rian Maercks demonstrated the cosmetic procedure on patient Mike Robley, a 25-year-old who wants the “Magic Mike” star's smoldering pout. “If you look at Channing Tatum's lips, you see his lower lip overpowers his upper lip, and that's part of the appeal,” Maercks told The Post. “The lower lip in men is becoming a symbol of pride and power.”
2:01 Meghan Markle does face yoga to keep things tight Meghan Markle does “face yoga” to keep her skin looking young and beautiful. The future princess also partakes in vinyasa yoga and high-intensity Pilates to stay fit.
0:50 Channing Tatum looked like a movie star even back in high school Channing Tatum grew up in Tampa, Florida, where he attended a Catholic high school and played football. Before the Hollywood actor showed off his bod in “Magic Mike,” Chan “The Man” Tatum competed in a bodybuilding competition as a teenager.
1:55 Blake and Ryan were both too hot to stay 'just friends' Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds went from on-screen love interests to off-screen relationship goals. Sparks flew between the two, whose whirlwind love affair now has two more co-stars — their two young daughters. The love story of these red-hot starlets is a real-life Hollywood fairy tale.
1:41 Nick Jonas shares a hilariously simple tuna salad recipe with the world Nick Jonas is a self-described tuna enthusiast. The “Scream Queens” actor showed his 14 million Instagram followers how to make a simple tuna salad — with hilarious results. “What you want to do is have that personal connection with your tuna,” the 25-year-old mugged for the camera. “I'm glad you're on this journey with me.”
1:21 Carole Radziwill chased Robert Redford down the streets of New York Long before she was a “Real Housewives of New York City” star, a 16-year-old Carole Radziwill once went to the Big Apple just to stalk her celeb crush, Robert Redford. She took the train into the city with her friends in hopes of running into the sandy-haired movie star. What happened next is a classic New York moment.
1:22 Meghan Markle received training to protect herself against potential kidnappers Meghan Markle has shown herself to be more hands-on with the public than other members of the British royal family. The American actress is now undergoing royal protocol and etiquette training to prepare herself for life as Prince Harry's wife. The duty also requires her to take “hostile training” in case of kidnapping. “She's been learning very, very quickly,” remarked Katie Nicholl, author of “Harry: Life, Loss, and Love.”
2:00 Cardi B does whatever the hell she wants Cardi B may be a chart-topping success, but the “Finesse” rapper still keeps it real. She wears affordable fashion, geeks out when she meets celebs like Missy Elliott, and shares all the dirty details of her life with her loyal fans. The Bronx native isn't afraid to call out politicians, either. “I want to know what you're doing with my tax money,” she ranted on Instagram. “I'm from New York, and the streets is always dirty.”
Firefighters struggled to contain the blaze at the northwestern province of Aceh which is suspected to have been caused by a lit cigarette.
Fire crews hosed down the area while villagers watched as flames towered over houses and trees.
Indonesia's disaster mitigation agency said in a statement: “We are still collecting data on the number of victims because the fire has not been extinguished yet.”
Liverpool goalkeeper Loris Karius broke down in tears after Real Madrid defeat
Liverpool goalkeeper Karius gifted two goals to Real Madrid as the La Liga side emerged 3-1 winners in Kiev on Saturday.
The 24-year-old German broke down in tears after the game and made apologetic gestures to the travelling Liverpool fans.
But fellow countryman Hamann, won won the 2004/05 Champions League with Liverpool, has questioned Karius' reaction to the defeat.
"My sympathy with Karius is limited," he told Sport Bild. "We don't have to discuss that he decided the final with his two mistakes.
Security forces have recovered at least 11 more bodies of suspected Maoists from the Indravati River in Maharashtra's Gadchiroli early on Tuesday, official sources said.The bodies, which were bloated and have started to decompose, were found floating on the banks of river which flows along the Maharashtra-Chhattisgarh borders.These 11 Maoists are believed to be from among those who managed to escape to the forests during a gunfight with security forces on Sunday. They must have succumbed to their injuries, an official declining to be identified said.Searching and combing operations in the entire Gadchiroli district, which has been virtually sealed by the security forces, continues in the jungles, villages, hills and valleys to track and snuff out the Maoists from their hideouts.At least six Maoists were gunned down in a fresh gunfight in the district, barely 36 hours after Sunday's encounter which left 16 rebels dead.The fresh encounter took place late on Monday in the Rajaram Kahnhila village in Jimlagatta with the crack commandos of the C-60 force. A high-ranking commander of the Aheri Dalam, identified as Nandu, is among those killed.Jimlagatta is 60 km from the scene of Sunday's ambush in which 16 Maoists including three of their high-ranking commanders and seven women were killed.Other Maoist-infested states besides Maharashtra -- Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Odisha, Jharkhand, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana is on a state of high alert, ever since the state security forces here launched their biggest anti-Maoist operations in around four decades.
Richard Osborn-Brooks, 78, and his wife Maureen were forced into hiding over fears of revenge attacks.
Vincent and his accomplice broke into the couple's Hither Green home in south east London in the early hours of April 4.
Armed with a screwdriver, Vincent died following a struggle with Osborn-Brooks in the OAP's kitchen.
The pensioner was initially questioned on suspicion of murder but quickly cleared by police.
Following the death, Vincent's family started laying floral tribute outside Osborn-Brooks' home, sparking a furious “War of the Roses” between them and local residents.
Eeeek! The Celebs Go Dating star faced a lot of backlash for this snap
Former Love Island Lothario Mike Thalassitis has found himself in a bit of hot water this week after fans accused him of sharing a ‘disrespectful' photo online.
The reality star is currently having a whale of a time in Cape Verde while filming for the new series of Celebs Go Dating. It's alright for some…
But it didn't take long for Mike – aka muggy Mike – to cause controversy after he posed for a photo with a mystery woman in a bikini on a lounger.
READ MORE CELEB NEWS
Lying next to his co-star Talia Storm, 25-year-old Mike wrote next to the sunny shot: ‘Pulling machine'.
Unfortunately, many fans thought the comment was ‘disrespectful', and took to the comments section to blast Mike.
‘So rude!!', one wrote, while another agreed: ‘What a d**k!'.
More: Fans hit out at ‘Muggy' Mike Thalassitis for ‘mocking Katie Price's disabled son Harvey'
However, now the LI lad has hit back at the criticism by changing the caption on the shot.
‘Comments are going mad…', the star wrote, before clarifying: ‘This is a picture from a great day filming in Cape Verde. We met this lady and we had a proper laugh. That's it!' Eeek!
Meanwhile, Mike has also been sharing loads of other snaps from his trip away with the Celebs Go Dating crew.
Posing alongside fellow celebs Ollie Locke, Gemma Collins and Talia, as well as dating experts Nadia Essex, Eden Blackman and Tom Read Wilson, Mike looks to be having an amazing time on his quest to find a girlfriend.
WRAPPAGE 🙌🏻 #celebsgodating A post shared by Mike Thalassitis (@mike_thala) on Jan 31, 2018 at 5:26pm PST
And while we can't wait to see this lot take to our telly screens on Sunday (4th February), there's one person who might not be tuning in – and that's Love Island winner Kem Cetinay.
The boys faced a frosty time during their time on the ITV2 show when Mike attempted to steal Kem's BFF Chris Hughes‘ girlfriend Olivia Attwood.
But following Kem's recent split with Amber Davies, Mike recently hit out at his former co-star.
‘I don't really like Kem that much', he told MailOnline, before adding: ‘He can't nick birds. He's five-foot-nothing'. Er… ouch!
A beaming Scarlett Johansson hit the red carpet for Monday's world premiere of “Avengers: Infinity War” in Los Angeles with boyfriend Colin Jost on her arm.
For their first carpet together, the actress wore a strapless metallic dress with a diamond choker and black sandals and the “Weekend Update” anchor opted for a dark suit.
Johansson stars in the film as the Black Widow.
Dating since around spring of 2017, Johansson, 33, and Jost, 35, first took their romance public in December, attending the American Museum of National History Gala in New York.
Though the pair does their best to fly under the radar, Ellen DeGeneres couldn't help but bring up Jost during a recent interview with Johansson, airing Tuesday on “The Ellen DeGeneres Show.”
“That ‘Weekend Update,' those two fellas are really good. Who's your favorite, do you like Colin or do you like Michael [Che]?” DeGeneres joked.
“It's hard to pick,” Johansson replied. “No, it's not that hard to pick. I guess I'm a Colin fan, I have to say.”
As Page Six exclusively revealed, Johansson and Jost first turned heads last May, after they were spotted making out at a “Saturday Night Live” afterparty.
By Radio.com Staff
AFI has announced a co-headlining summer tour with Philadelphia's Circa Survive kicking off July 18 at The Tabernacle in Atlanta, GA with Citizen supporting. The dates extend the second leg of “The Blood Tour,” which kicks off June 2nd at The National in Richmond, VA. Prior to these North American shows, AFI will head overseas for a trio of UK shows with Deftones. See full schedule below.
The tour will help the Bay Area band promote the new self-titled tenth album referred to as “The Blood Album,” which hit stores in January. Tickets for the band's summer tour go on sale this Friday, April 21 at 10:00 am local time.
Related: DREAMCAR Releases New Track ‘All the Dead Girls'
Meanwhile, AFI frontman Davey Havok as been hard at work at the DREAMCAR frontman with various appearances including Coachella.
AFI with Circa Survive Tour Dates:
5/5 – London, UK @ Alexandra Palace w/ Deftones
5/6 – Manchester, UK @ O2 Apollo w/Deftones
5/7 – Glasgow, UK @ SECC w/Deftones
6/2 – Richmond, VA @ The National
6/3 – Pittsburgh, PA @ The Stage AE
6/4 – Cincinnati, OH @ Bunbury Music Festival
6/6 – Norfolk, VA @ The Norva
6/7 – Hartford, CT @ Webster Theater
6/10 – Derby, UK @ Download Festival
6/16 – Dover, NE @ Firefly Music Festival
6/17 – Providence, RI @ Lupos Heartbreak Hotel
6/18 – Sayreville, NJ @ Starland Ballroom
6/20 – Cleveland, OH @ House of Blues
6/21 – Portland, ME @ Aura
6/23 – Montebello, Canada @ Amnesia Rockfest
7/18 – Atlanta, GA @ Tabernacle++
7/19 – Nashville, TN @ War Memorial Auditorium++
7/21 – St. Louis, MO @ Pageant++
7/22 – Kansas City, MO @ Arvest Bank Theatre @ The Midland
7/24 – Oklahoma, OK @ Diamond Ballroom++
7/25 – Papillion, NE @ Sumtur Amphitheater++
7/27 – Morrison, CO @ Red Rocks Amphitheatre++
7/29 – Las Vegas, NV @ Brooklyn Bowl++
8/1 – San Diego, CA @ Car Coast Credit Union Open Air Theatre++
8/2 – Paso Robles, CA @ Vina Robles Amphitheatre++
8/4 – Troutdale, OR @ Edgefield++
8/5 – Seattle, WA @ The Paramount Theatre++
++ co-headline with Circa Survive
New Hope Family Services will not return to Liverpool schools
New Hope Family Services' Real Love Respects program features a skit comparing someone who has premarital sex to chewing gum. Gina Tonello of Baldwinsville has founded a group called Stop the Shaming with the mission of removing New Hope's abstinence-only presentations from local school districts' health classes.
By Ashley M. Casey
Staff Writer
The Liverpool Central School District has decided to end its relationship with New Hope Family Services, the local Christian nonprofit that has presented its “Real Love Respects” abstinence education program in health classes at Chestnut Hill and Soule Road middle schools.
Superintendent Dr. Mark Potter said at the May 21 meeting of the Liverpool Board of Education that the decision was made after consulting the school's attorneys, Director of Health Ari Liberman and health teachers at the middle and high school levels.
“They were … feeling like they wanted to move forward next year without New Hope Family Services at the two middle schools and really identify whether or not this was going to be a benefit without them,” Potter said.
Potter said the decision had nothing to do with objections raised by parents earlier this year about the tone and content of New Hope's presentations.
“I don't want anybody being confused that any of this resembles any … indictment or association to guilt with any of the questions or points that have been made in the last several months,” Potter said. “Realistically, it's a conscious decision to move in a direction specific with curriculum resources.”
New Hope Family Services presented its program at Liverpool High School in 1999, but the district decided the message was more suited for the middle school level. In 2002, New Hope began presenting at Chestnut Hill and Soule Road middle schools.
Potter said he was surprised to learn that Liberman had already been discussing the matter with two middle school health teachers, Eric Cizenski of Chestnut Hill and Erin Cherock of Soule Road, for about a year.
“They both had been talking about the value that New Hope brings versus the value of themselves as teachers. They wanted to be clear that New Hope does not supplant anything in the curriculum, but rather supplements what they already teach,” Potter said.
The health teachers, Potter said, proposed that they could use class time more efficiently with their own instruction methods rather than bringing in outside presenters.
“But in saying that, they didn't want anybody feeling like there was anything wrong with what was going on. They just felt like it wasn't as valuable as what they felt they could do themselves,” Potter said.
Potter also said Christa Cook, an attorney with Bond, Schoeneck and King, will draft a letter to the Freedom from Religion Foundation about the school district's decision to end New Hope's presentations at the middle schools. The Freedom from Religion Foundation sent the BOE a letter in February condemning the district's involvement with New Hope.
Caitlin Coulombe, a parent of a Chestnut Hill Middle School student who raised concerns about New Hope's messaging, said she was “over the moon” to hear that New Hope Family Services would no longer be presenting to middle school classes.
“I doubt they would have had the conversation unless we had been squeaky wheels, so that's cool. … They say it had nothing to do with parent complaints. That's fine — I don't need any accolades,” Coulombe said. “I'm just happy our kids won't be exposed to that anymore.”
Coulombe pointed out that she and other community members who protested New Hope's involvement argued that health teachers were better equipped to present information on sex, sexual health and relationships than an outside agency.
“The very first thing we requested was, why can't the teachers teach this themselves?” she said. “We thought a religious-based organization had no business teaching theologically biased [concepts].”
Coulombe did note that she still had concerns about the state of sex ed in schools today.
“There is still more to be done,” she said. “Middle-schoolers are still receiving abstinence-only education at an age where many of them have already been sexually active. I hope that this is just the very important first step in bringing comprehensive sex education into our schools.”
Judy Geyer, interim executive director of New Hope Family Services, told Eagle Newspapers she had no comment on the matter.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Related
Comment on this Story
The Mobile Housing Board of Commissioners on Monday, Feb.13 took another step in the overhaul of its troubled nonprofit arm, Mobile Development Enterprises, by agreeing to work within the merit system to begin to merge the two entities.
The first step for commissioners was a unanimous vote to bring MDE V.P. of Asset Management and Compliance Matthew McClammey and two executives that report to him under the MHB umbrella through the Mobile County Personnel Board.
It was the most logical first step, Commissioner Reid Cummings said, because MDE has no assets.
“The only assets they have they get from the housing board,” he said.
The board discussed the ease at which they might be able to fold other positions in under MHB and the merit system. Attorney Raymond Bell said 60 percent of the merge would be “easy.”
“The others would require asking the personnel board to create a position,” he said. “Another issue could be with the pay range … ”
Commissioners discussed holding a work session with the personnel board to help them create needed positions that may not exist in other jurisdictions where the merit system is in place.
Before MDE became the behemoth it is now with designs on development, it began as a small nonprofit created to secure grant funding for the Clinton L. Johnson Center. The center would have a daycare, job training and other assets to help residents, Bell said.
When those grants dried up, others were used to pay for the entity's employees. It was also used, ironically, to work around the merit system, Bell said in a previous meeting. MDE still provides certain resident services, but expanded greatly over the years to oversee everything from asset management to aspects of maintenance.
The social service component is what commissioners would like to see remain of MDE when it's all said and done. In fact, Cummings believes MDE could simply specialize in grants going forward.
The two entities are supposed to be separate, according to the U.S. Department of Urban Development, but they share office space, most of a budget and several employees, as evidenced by “confusion” organizational charts.
The board was working off three separate organization charts — one with just MDE employees, one with just MHB employees and one with both sets — on more than one occasion, Chairman Kimberly Pettway showed frustration in dealing with them. She found numerous mistakes.
“Y'all are killing me with these inaccurate organizational charts,” she said.
Interim Executive Director Lori Shackelford noted that many employees, because grant funding went away, had already been transferred to other areas of either MDE or MHB.
The board's goal is not to cut employees or positions, Pettway said, but she did question if simply transferring positions from one entity to another would result in the most qualified people in those positions.
“It's not my desire to axe people from organizational charts,” she said. “My goal is being used in their best capacity. We want to make decisions in the best interest of the housing board and put the interests of our clients first.”
The Kaduna State Primary Health Care Development Agency (SPHCDA) said on Friday that 17, 989 cases of severe acute malnutrition were recorded in the state in 2017.
Hajiya Hauwa Usman, a Nutritionist with the Agency made the disclosure in Zaria while presenting an overview of nutrition situation in the state at a workshop for journalists, organised by Kaduna State Emergency Nutrition Action Plan (KADENAP).
She however said 11, 324 of the severe acute malnutrition cases were cured, while 169 of the victims died.
According to her, 50 percent of under-5 deaths recorded in the state was due to malnutrition.
Usman said that the agency in collaboration with stakeholders have been sensitising residents on good nutrition habits to stem the condition.
“Adequate diet consists of eating all classes of food in the right proportion which includes, staple food, legumes, animal source foods, fruits, vegetables, fats and oil.''
She pointed out that only 16% of children aged between 6 to 23 months were fed appropriately in the state, while 11.7 percent are wasted from acute under nutrition.
The official, however, said that the percentage of wasted children was “a fair percentage compared to that of Nigeria in which 31.5 % are wasted.''
She disclosed that KADENAP in collaboration with UNICEF have spent about N750 million on the purchase of Ready to Use Therapeutic Food (RTUF) to treat malnutrition.
Meanwhile, during a field trip to Kugu Primary Health Centre in Zaria by the workshop participants, the Nutrition Focal Officer, Lawal Jibril said over 4,000 children suffering from severe acute malnutrition were admitted since 2016.
He explained that 14-18 sachets of RTUF with supporting drugs are usually administered on patients within eight weeks for effective recovery.
27 PHCs in Igabi, Zaria, Kachia and Kaduna North and Kaduna South local governments provide treatment to children with severe acute malnutrition.
Attacks, threats, assassinations. Social and police repression. Stigmatisation or direct marginalisation of their issues and visions. This is the difficult reality confronting LGBTIQ groups in the Americas, especially in Latin America where the levels of discrimination and censorship of these minorities translate into attacks and harassment on a daily basis. Added to the violence is the issue of the impunity enjoyed by those who commit these crimes.
Against this backdrop, journalists Ana Fornaro and María Eugenia Ludueña founded "Presentes", an independent, digital media outlet geared to highlighting issues of gender identity, sexual diversity and the demands and voices of LGBTIQ communities in Latin America in an impartial and non-stigmatising manner.
"We play an important role," says Fornaro, who becomes animated when talking about the project and its mission. "We are putting issues on the agenda that the mainstream media fails to cover."
For the journalist, there exists a "conservative front" running contrary to the gender and freedom of expression ideologies of LGBTIQ groups. As such, "Presentes" brings a regional focus in order to journalistically challenge this conservative front.
"Activism at this point is crucial, but journalism is also key: reflecting what is happening, telling people's stories, amplifying their voices, fostering debate. That is our task and mission every day," says Fornaro.
"Presentes", which completed its first year of publication on 24 November 2017, is based in Argentina but relies on correspondents from several countries in the region. According to Fornaro, there is a tremendous amount of work to be done as the media outlet not only provides professional coverage, but also seeks to provide education on how to approach the issues.
The "Presentes" founders seek to employ journalistic best practices and end the discrimination that exists in coverage of LGBTIQ topics. For this reason, they have carried out training sessions and are planning to release a style manual for coverage of the topics.
How did "Presentes" come to exist?
The idea came about last year. Part of our team was working for a government agency called Noticias. This agency worked on justice and human rights issues under the auspices of the National Ministry of Justice. But the programme was shuttered when President Macri came to power as it was extremely critical of the current judiciary and was highly aligned with the previous government.
Finding ourselves without work, together with Maru Ludueña and another colleague we contemplated launching a journalistic project focusing specifically on sexual diversity issues from a human rights perspective, and with a regional focus. "Presentes" came about from those discussions. We launched with the support of the Copadi NGO (a collective for diversity).
We realized that these are issues that are not seen as important by many and are not systematically covered by the media. As such, if they are not brought forward they will be left off the agenda.
On the question of a regional focus, we saw that this is generalised problem throughout Latin America. There have been advances, but there is also a conservative front running contrary to these advances in several countries. There are powerful and affluent conservative elements that are mounting a very strong resistance. These include some evangelical churches, not to mention the Catholic Church, that are against "gender ideologies". As such, we felt it important for us to approach the issues from a regional perspective and ensure that voices from various countries would be heard.
We obtained financing for the project from outside Argentina because the journalism situation in the country is pretty messed up. The first thing we did was to set up a network of correspondents in Peru, Chile, Paraguay and Honduras. We launched online on 24 November 2016, on the same day as a demonstration against murders of transvestites in Argentina.
We chose this as a symbolic launch date since gender violence is one of the most important issues for which we want to raise awareness. The life expectancy of trans people in Latin America is just 35 years.
What is your evaluation of this first year?
Our team is very tiny, two multipurpose directors and one other person, and beyond that, we rely on collaboration with others. The fact that our team is so small has made this year challenging because a self-managed media outlet carries with it many responsibilities, along with little financial backing.
We also worked within the very demanding framework of breaking news, which makes it more exhausting. This was a political decision: if journalistic coverage operates within this framework on other topics, then the issues we are addressing must be no different, they have the same urgency.
It has been an incredible year, but also a year of much, much effort. We are a tiny team faced with a gigantic task.
Being one of the only media outlets focused on issues of gender and human rights in the region must carry with it a workload that just keeps increasing….
There is a deluge of complaints. Our links with LGBTIQ social organisations are of key importance as they represent our primary sources of information. Keeping these relationships well-oiled is a job in itself as every organisation has its own position. For us it is a challenge to provide space to all of them.
We have a policy of publishing articles based on at least two sources, which is a basic tenet of journalism often not respected in coverage of these issues.
How do you manage the increase in influence that comes with being such an issue-specific media outlet?
With education. In addition to having the website and carrying out journalism on a daily basis, our mission is to reach a point where what we are doing has an impact on the broader journalistic agenda, and for what we are doing to serve in some way such that journalists who do not currently cover these topics begin to approach them in a less discriminatory fashion. It is not just a matter of covering what is happening. We also want to assist in changing the way coverage of these issues is carried out.
In order to achieve this goal, we conducted three workshops with more than 300 registrants, and we are putting together a guide covering journalistic best practices on these issues. The topics we focus on are not generally covered by journalists and, since they are not part of the general agenda, when they do come out in the news the coverage is done in a very poor manner.
It is not just an issue of using inclusive language, it also relates to the focus of the news. The assassination of a trans person is always presented in a sensational manner and not as it should be: as an attack on human rights and a gender crime. The victim is not discussed, and if they are discussed it is in a stigmatising manner.
When the major media outlets touch on these issues they usually do so in a discriminatory manner. As such our mission is two-fold: on one hand, to provide coverage of the issues, bringing them to light in the best way possible, and, on the other hand, to serve as input, including in training journalists, in order to have an impact on coverage beyond what we do at "Presentes". This is most important in the long run, ending with discrimination in the coverage of these issues.
What criteria did you use to select the countries where you have correspondents?
With our limited resources, we selected the countries that, in our opinion, have the most problems regarding equal rights. In Paraguay, for example, everything is very regressive. It is a country where citizens have few rights and there is a high level of violence, especially toward transvestites and trans people, who constitute the most vulnerable group.
In Peru there have also been setbacks, many of them stemming from the Fujimorist caucus in Parliament, which eliminated several articles linked to gender. There is a tendency from the right to want to repeal everything having to do with gender.
Yet in some parts of the world there are liberal centre-right movements that have broad rights agendas. How are these combined?
Being left or right-leaning does not provide guarantees of the positions one will take on these issues. It is true that, in general, the more progressive governments have followed a rights agenda a little more, but often as a result of being pushed or forced to do so by pressure from social organisations.
The difference is that the liberal right, although they may have a gender-identity agenda and be in favour of equal marriage, fails to promote real public policy changes within government. It is one thing to look at what is or is not being promoted or enacted at the legislative level, and it is another thing to look at where resources are allocated and for what types of public policies that have a real impact in the lives of these people.
We talk about it being great that homosexual individuals can marry each other, but at the same time transvestites and trans people are still on the streets, with no access to health care, and the government decides not to invest in them. This is what is happening in Argentina under the Macri government. On one hand there is this amazing and advanced legislation that is a model for the rest of the world. In addition, you have government discourse that sounds very "gay-friendly" and there is a diversity week supported by the Buenos Aires municipal government.
If you do not live in Argentina and you see this, you would say "great government", but the same government continues to close programmes that are important for LGBTIQ communities and it gives the police free reign in being repressive.
How do you visualise the rights of these communities to freely express themselves? What role can "Presentes" play in this objective and how can improvements be achieved?
The free expression rights of these communities are tested every day. And it is not just about the ability to speak out, but the right to be, to exist, to move freely on the streets with their identities without being subjected to violence or discrimination. As such, I understand freedom of expression in a broad sense, not just at the journalism level.
"Presentes", along with other media outlets that emphasise sexual diversity from a human rights perspective, all play an important role, as we raise awareness, investigate and deepen understanding, putting issues on the agenda that the mainstream media fails to cover. And it is fundamental that the voices be from the communities, not "speaking for" the communities. Our sources have to be the protagonists. This is a key focus for us.
What remains to be done in order to achieve genuinely equal rights in Latin America?
We are very far from achieving equal rights in Latin America. There have been legislative level advances in particular countries, but with strong resistance from some groups. It is not about "tolerance" or "equality". It is crazy that we keep having the same discussions, that we keep having to demand basic things, like access to education and work, and respect for self-determined identity. It is crazy that trans people are being killed simply for being trans. It is not being reductionist to say these are hate crimes. Because of this I am not at all optimistic.
Activism is crucial right now, but journalism is also key: reflecting what is happening, telling people's stories, amplifying their voices, fostering debate. That is our task and mission every day.
SurveyGizmo offline surveys are useful in any situation where you want to gather data but don't want to be fully reliant on an internet connection. Please take my survey now
SYDNEY: The Tasmanian tiger was doomed long before humans began hunting the enigmatic marsupial, scientists said on Tuesday (Dec 12), with DNA sequencing showing it was in poor genetic health for thousands of years before its extinction.
Scientists genetically mapped the animal - also known as a thylacine - using the genome of a pup preserved more than a century ago in a jar.
The research revealed the creature began to undergo a decline in genetic diversity more than 70,000 years ago, leaving it less resilient to environmental change even before Aborigines are believed to have first inhabited the continent 65,000 years ago.
"Our hope is that there is a lot the thylacine can tell us about the genetic basis of extinction to help other species," said University of Melbourne biologist Andrew Pask, co-author of a study published in Nature Ecology and Evolution.
Pask added the research may eventually enable scientists to clone the Tasmanian tiger and bring it back from the dead.
"As this genome is one of the most complete for an extinct species, it is technically the first step to 'bringing the thylacine back', but we are still a long way off that possibility."
Advertisement
Advertisement
The animal was once widespread across Australia, but was wiped out on the mainland around 3,000 years ago, having likely succumbed to drought.
They survived in the southern island state of Tasmania until 1936 when the last known one died in captivity at Hobart Zoo after the species was hunted to extinction in the wild.
Scientists found the genetics of the animal to be more closely related to fellow Australian marsupial the Tasmanian devil than the dog-like dingo with whom it shared many physical features.
The physical likeness of the two animals is among the best examples of what scientists call "convergent evolution", whereby animals distantly related evolve to look similar as they adapt to the same environment.
In the case of the tiger and dingo, their head and body developed similarly due to their meat-eating hunting techniques, even though the marsupials' ancestry diverged genetically from the dog-like animals known as canids about 160 million years ago.
"And when we looked at the basis for this convergent evolution, we found that it wasn't actually the genes themselves that produced the same skull and body shape, but the control regions around them that turn genes 'on and off' at different stages of growth," Pask added.
"This reveals a whole new understanding of the process of evolution. We can now explore these regions of the genome to help understand how two species converge on the same appearance, and how the process of evolution works."
Uzbek PM due in Kyrgyzstan
2017-08-15 10:13 | www.trend.az | 1
Tashkent, Uzbekistan, Aug. 15
By Demir Azizov – Trend:
An Uzbek delegation led by Prime Minister Abdulla Aripov will pay a working visit to Kyrgyzstan.
During the visit, the delegation will partake in meetings of the Uzbek-Kyrgyz intergovernmental commissions for bilateral cooperation and for delimitation and demarcation of the state border, the Uzbek Foreign Ministry's press service said in a message.
The intergovernmental commission's co-chair from the Kyrgyz side is the country's Prime Minister Sooronbay Jeenbekov.
The sides intend to discuss topical issues related to the development of relations between Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan, says the message.
Earlier, it was reported that during a meeting of the two countries' presidents, the necessity of establishing long-term direct cooperation and increasing the volume of mutual trade up to $500 million in the next two years was repeatedly noted.
Meanwhile, in the field of delimitation and demarcation of the Uzbek-Kyrgyz state border, working groups of government delegations are finalizing preparations for concluding an interim agreement.
Total length of the border between Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan is 1,378 kilometers. Nearly 300 kilometers of it have heretofore remained inconsistent in more than 50 locations.
Will Tony Ferguson or Kevin Lee claim the interim lightweight title? Can Demetrious Johnson earn his 11th consecutive successful title defense?
Hello, old friends!
After a couple events where I was on vacation — and actually taking a vacation, not “on vacation” where I still write every day and the people I'm with hate me — it's time to get back to making fight picks.
UFC 216 is a good card top-to-bottom, but one that hasn't generated a ton of pre-fight interest and won't do any great shakes on pay-per-view this weekend — which is too bad because there are a bunch of solid prospects and interesting ascending fighters hitting the cage to go along with the two championship fights that will close out the card.
If you don't want to add to your cable bill for this one, you should definitely check it out at your local because it should be fun from start to finish.
Here are my picks.
These are the Punch Drunk Predictions.
Tony Ferguson vs. Kevin Lee
I love this fight and I want to say up front that I think it could go either way. I've been saying for the last couple weeks that Lee reminds me of Cody Garbrandt when he rocketed up the bantamweight ranks and finished last year with a breathtaking performance against Dominick Cruz, and I can see the 24-year-old upstart doing the same here against Ferguson.
Having said that, I'm picking Ferguson.
For me, the former Ultimate Fighter winner is more seasoned, more savvy and more gritty. He's faced and beaten much better competition, has a more diverse and varied arsenal and has exhibited the kind of toughness that often separates great fighters from good fighters. He's not a guy who is going to be broken or get down on the cards and suddenly start fighting not to get finished.
My thinking is Ferguson presses forward as he always does, forcing Lee to be more defensive than he's been in his last several fights. After a couple close rounds, I think Ferguson will start to distance himself in the third, fourth and fifth to win a unanimous decision.
Prediction: Tony Ferguson
Demetrious Johnson vs. Ray Borg
Borg is far better than most people understand and he'll be a contender for years to come, but he's going to get waxed here.
Johnson is the best fighter on the planet and has no real holes, so while I think Borg is the most well-rounded and balanced fighter Johnson has faced outside of Joseph Benavidez, I still believe the gap between the two is ginormous and “Mighty Mouse” will once again demonstrate his dominance.
Prediction: Demetrious Johnson
Fabricio Werdum vs. Derrick Lewis
This one is really interesting to me because Werdum didn't look great in losing his rubber match to Alistair Overeem just a couple months ago, and while Lewis is also coming off a loss and has a limited skill set, he's also a massive human being with vicious power who can stop a fight at any moment.
As much as Werdum is the significantly more experienced, more talented fighter on paper, something about this matchup — and his media day shouting match with Ferguson in Los Angeles — makes me think we'll see a slightly distracted, somewhat fading version of the former heavyweight champion catch a bomb and get slept. Lewis is tough to put away, packs a wallop and will fire something off that surprises Werdum and knocks him out, probably fairly early into the fight.
Call me crazy, but I'm calling the upset.
Prediction: Derrick Lewis
Mara Romello Borella vs. Kalindra Faria
A late-notice addition to the card after the bout between Paige VanZant and Jessica Eye was pulled and Andrea “KGB” Lee was disqualified from facing Faria; this is actually a solid fight for the new women's flyweight division, but it's in a tough spot and people see it simply as a “What the hell?” bout in the middle of a pay-per-view main card.
Borella is coming off a split-decision win over Milana Dudieva in Invicta FC and is unbeaten in her last six, while Faria has only lost twice in the last six years, both times to elite strawweights. Both should be fixtures in the division once it gets up and rolling 100 per cent, and the winner of this one will have a solid head start on some of the athletes competing on Season 26 of The Ultimate Fighter.
As much as Faria not having fought since last September worries me a little, I think she's the more experienced fighter and believe that will make all the difference here. She's been in big spots before (admittedly on the regional circuit) and had a couple extra days to get ready for this one.
Prediction: Kalindra Faria
Beneil Dariush vs. Evan Dunham
This is a terrific fight and should be a really fun way to kick off the main card.
Dariush is fighting for the first time since getting iced by Edson Barboza, while Dunham enters on a four-fight winning streak, the longest since the start of his UFC tenure. Both are excellent grapplers, but the difference here will be how well Dariush is able to do in the standup. His striking has come along in recent years, but the southpaw Dunham has a great jab and does a very good job of throwing combinations; if Benny can't figure it out or find a way to make this a grappling match, he's in trouble.
I think this will end up looking a lot like Dunham's win over Joe Lauzon: a one-sided technical striking display where he stifles Dariush's advances and wins on the cards.
Prediction: Evan Dunham
Preliminary Card Picks
Tom Duquesnoy def. Cody Stamann
Will Brooks def. Nik Lentz
Lando Vanatta def. Bobby Green
Pearl Gonzalez def. Poliana Botelho
Walt Harris def. Mark Godbeer
Magomed Bibulatov def. John Moraga
Thales Leites def. Brad Tavares
Marco Beltran def. Matt Schnell
2017 Punch Drunk Predictions Record: 182-100-1, 1 NC
Getty Images
Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski took part in his only offseason work with the team at their mandatory minicamp in June and he said at that time that working out on his own was “the best thing for me” to get ready for the 2018 season.
It appears the approach worked. Gronkowski told former Patriot Willie McGinest this week that he is “super excited” for training camp and the 2018 season after a rejuvenating offseason.
“I am refreshed,” Gronkowski said, via NBC Sports Boston. “You know after the season, long seasons, how your body can feel and everything. I just wanted to see where I was at, and see how I can get my body feeling, see if I can handle it, endure it again, and I feel like I'm super ready, man.”
Gronkowski also said at minicamp that his camp was talking to the Patriots about a revised contract. Nothing's been announced on that front, but it doesn't look like that's put a damper on his enthusiasm for his ninth NFL season.
George Harrison's album “All Things Must Pass” went to #1 in the U.S. on this day in 1970. It was his first post-Beatles solo album, but he released two others when he was still in the band. What were the names of those albums?
ANSWER: “Wonderwall Music” and “Electric Sound”
What else happened on this day in rock n' roll history? Here's the Rock N' Roll Diary for January 2, from the College of Classic Rock Knowledge – 100.7 WZLX!
1968: Authorities at Newark airport seized the entire shipment of John Lennon and Yoko Ono's album “Two Virgins.” The cover featured a full frontal nude shot of the pair and the album was not allowed into the country until it was guaranteed that the package would be retailed with a brown paper cover over the offending shot…
1969: The Beatles began filming what would become the “Let It Be” movie. The first song worked on was John Lennon's “Don't Let Me Down”…
1971: George Harrison‘s first post-Beatles solo album, “All Things Must Pass,” went to #1 in the U.S., knocking “Abraxas” by Santana to #2…
1974: The Allman Brothers Band was voted the outstanding community organization of the year by the Georgia State Department of Correction…
1977: Van Halen signed its first record contract with Warner Brothers…
1998: An autopsy of comedian Chris Farley showed that he died of an overdose of opiates and cocaine…
2001: Nikki Sixx of Motley Crue and wife Donna celebrated the birth of a daughter, Frankie Jean Sixx…
“We'll know our disinformation program is complete when everything the American public believes is false.” – William Casey, CIA Director 1981
From a fire that claimed four lives last December emerges some hope that a similar tragedy won't be repeated in Port Colborne.
At Monday night's city council meeting, fire Chief Tom Cartwright accepted $1,700 in donations that will be applied toward a campaign to provide smoke alarms and carbon monoxide detectors to people who can't afford them.
Cartwright plans to bring a report outlining the plan to a future council meeting, but has said he anticipates that firefighters, both volunteer and career, will be out six days a week, day and night, spreading the message of the importance of these alarms.
“I'm hoping it will have a significant positive impact on the community,” he said.
The donations to Port Colborne Fire and Emergency Services all started with an idea from the president of the Friends Over 55 Recreation Centre.
Jack O'Neil said he wanted to do something in wake of the tragedy that claimed a mom and her two children and their grandmother, so he made a call to fire officials.
“I asked them if there was anything I could do to help,” he told city councillors. “We've got to save lives. Our seniors, any life, are valuable.”
A campaign ensued that included distributing informational posters across the city. O'Neil's plan was to raise money to purchase smoke alarms for residents who can't afford them. It generated $700.
Regional Chairman Alan Caslin was also brought into the effort.
Caslin, who spoke at Monday's council meeting, said he took some money raised by the Regional Chair's Charity Golf Tournament to assist. He said he was happy to do this for the residents of Port Colborne.
Caslin handed Cartwright an envelope with a $1,000 cheque in it, calling the cause “worthwhile.”
lbarton@postmedia.com
Twitter: @LBartonTribune
Advertisement
The White House battled Tuesday to insulate Donald Trump from a scandal over his top aide's contacts with Russia, as it emerged that the president was aware of the problem for weeks before acting.
With calls for an independent investigation gathering pace, the White House admitted that Trump was told three weeks ago that national security advisor Michael Flynn may have misled colleagues about his Kremlin contacts.
The retired three-star general and former head of US defence intelligence initially denied discussing sanctions strategy with Russia's ambassador Sergey Kislyak before taking office.
That may have breached US law on negotiating with foreign powers, and at minimum was a significant break with the norm that incoming administrations accept the US has “one government at a time.”
Flynn was asked to resign on Monday, after what the White House said were weeks of internal investigation that turned up no evidence of wrongdoing but “eroded” trust.
Law enforcement and intelligence agents intercepted calls and obtained phone records showing that members of Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and other aides had repeated contacts with top Russian intelligence officials in the year that preceded the November 8 presidential election, The New York Times reported.
After finding evidence that Russia was seeking to disrupt the election, US intelligence agencies tried to determine whether the Trump campaign was cooperating with Moscow on hacking and other related efforts, according to the Times. However, the newspaper said, the current and former US officials it cited have not yet found evidence of such collusion.
Paul Manafort, a former Trump advisor who was among those campaign officials picked up on the calls, dismissed the claims as “absurd” in an interview with the Times.
The White House had painted Trump's final decision as based on Flynn having misled Vice President Mike Pence.
But it emerged Tuesday that Trump kept his deputy, who publicly defended Flynn and repeated his claims, in the dark for two weeks. Spokesman Marc Lotter said Pence only became aware of the issue on Thursday, in media reports.
Flynn is the third Trump aide to step back amid questions about his ties to Russia since the mogul began his improbable White House bid. His departure follows those of Manafort and Carter Page, an early foreign policy advisor to the candidate.
The unprecedented early resignation of a key member of staff has rocked an administration already buffeted by leaks, infighting and legal defeats. Amid the tumult, the White House denied that Trump had instructed Flynn to discuss the possibility that Obama-era sanctions would be rolled back.
“No, absolutely not. No, no, no,” said White House spokesman Sean Spicer, when asked whether such a conversation took place.
‘Eroding trust'
Advertisement
When first informed, on January 26, that Flynn may have made misleading statements about his talks with Russia's envoy, Spicer said the president “instinctively thought that General Flynn did not do anything wrong.”
“The White House counsel's review corroborated that,” Spicer said, and “determined that there is not an illegal issue, but rather a trust issue.”
“The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable instances is what led the president to ask for General Flynn's resignation.”
Trump took to Twitter to insist that “The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington?” The White House also insisted that Trump — despite repeatedly professing admiration for Vladimir Putin and suggesting sanctions could be lifted — “has been incredibly tough on Russia.”
In a new hardening of the US line on Russia, Spicer added that “President Trump has made it very clear he expects the Russian government to de-escalate violence in Ukraine and return Crimea.”
The State Department, meanwhile, expressed concern that Russia is in breach of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty, after reports that Moscow had deployed an operational ground-launched cruise missile unit.
– Inquiries and missteps –
The White House's efforts are likely to do little to assuage concerns on Capitol Hill about Russia's influence in US politics.
Republicans and Democrats in Congress have now called for an investigation into what occurred, although they differ sharply on the scope and powers.
“This. Is. Not. Normal.” said Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren, insisting “Trump owes Americans a full account” of his administration's dealings with Moscow before and after the 2016 election.
The US Senate's top Republican Mitch McConnell said it was “highly likely” that Flynn would have to testify before an intelligence panel, potentially heaping pressure on Trump. The New York Times also reported that the FBI had interviewed Flynn on his calls with the Russian diplomat days into his job.
The CIA, FBI and other intelligence agencies have already investigated Moscow's influence over the 2016 vote, concluding the Kremlin tried to sway it in Trump's favour. Various committees in the Republican-controlled Congress are looking into Russia's election-related hacking and the Trump campaign's links to Moscow.
Potential permanent Flynn replacements reportedly include three retired military brass: lieutenant general Keith Kellogg, who is filling in temporarily; retired general and former CIA director David Petraeus; and former vice admiral Robert Harward.
Spicer said Trump hoped to make the new appointment by the end of the week.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Roseanne Barr partly blamed Ambien for her offensive tweet, but the drug's odd side effects don't include racism.
Roseanne Barr partly blamed Ambien for her offensive tweet, but the drug's odd side effects don't include racism.
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, his mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, his mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
The Latest: Next governor will take oath in private ceremony
The Latest: Next governor will take oath in private ceremony
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
Even in surrender, Missouri governor goes out fighting
Even in surrender, Missouri governor goes out fighting
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says two companies would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike.
The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says two companies would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike.
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
Philadelphia 76ers GM Bryan Colangelo denying online report connecting the executive to Twitter accounts that include posts critical of Embiid, Fultz.
Philadelphia 76ers GM Bryan Colangelo denying online report connecting the executive to Twitter accounts that include posts critical of Embiid, Fultz.
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
By MELISSA DANIELS
Associated Press
PHOENIX (AP) - A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began because of a lengthy pattern of sexual misconduct is running for office again.
Don Shooter, a Republican expelled from the Arizona House in February, said he filed around 900 signatures Wednesday to seek the GOP nomination for a state Senate seat in the same southern Arizona district he used to serve.
He wouldn't comment on the circumstances surrounding his expulsion, which came as lawmakers of both parties faced a national reckoning over sexual misconduct that began last fall.
Politicians accused of impropriety have resigned, been stripped of leadership posts and faced other repercussions. A Democratic state representative in Colorado also was expelled this year.
Sitting in the lobby of the Arizona secretary of state's office waiting to file his signatures, Shooter said "Let's dance."
He said he wants to talk about policy issues, such as the water needs of the agricultural industry and public education. Arizona teachers launched an unprecedented statewide strike this year over a lack of education funding.
"That's the only thing I miss about being away from here, was the ability to solve problems," Shooter said.
Shooter was elected to the Senate in 2010 and moved to the House in 2017. The lawmaker was known as a politically incorrect jokester who threw booze-fueled parties in his office on the last day of legislative sessions.
A female lawmaker, Rep. Michelle Ugenti-Rita, accused him in November of propositioning her for sex and repeatedly commenting on her breasts. House Speaker J.D. Mesnard ordered an investigation after Shooter accused Ugenti-Rita of having an inappropriate relationship with a staffer, but she was cleared.
Other women soon came forward to accuse Shooter of inappropriate sexual comments or actions.
Shooter eventually apologized for what he called his "jarring, insensitive and demeaning" comments but argued that he never sought to touch anyone or have a sexual relationship with them.
An investigative report released prior to his expulsion found he engaged in "repeated pervasive conduct (that) created a hostile work environment for his colleagues and those with business before the Legislature."
Shooter filed a $1.3 million claim, a precursor to a lawsuit, in April alleging that the governor's office targeted him because he tried to expose widespread fraud in the state procurement system. It also accused Mesnard of changing House rules on harassment to remove Shooter from his committee chairmanship and ultimately to force the expulsion vote.
To get on the November ballot, Shooter will have to win the GOP primary. Incumbent state Sen. Sine Kerr, a dairy farmer who was appointed to fill the seat, has filed signatures along with Brent Backus, a conservative who owns a consulting business.
Democrat Michelle Harris, who served in the Air Force for 21 years, also is running for the seat.
___
Associated Press writer Bob Christie contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
