Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Non-league isn't just full of Sunday league hoofers.
Over the years, plenty of former top level footballers have dropped down the standards for one final kickabout before hanging up their boots.
Now, there are possibly more exes- Premier League stars in the lower echelons than ever before.
This Saturday is the seventh national Non-League Day and there are a host of players on show that have turned out in front of the bright lights of the top flight.
But who are they? We put together an XI of those in the ranks...
GK - Lenny Pidgeley (Margate)
(Image: Ben Hoskins)
Pidgeley was very much the guy in the background for Chelsea's success in between 2003 and 2006. He replaced Carlo Cudicini in the final game of the 2004/05 season and was on the pitch as they lifted the Premier League trophy. Margate are his fourth different non-league club.
DEF - Paul Konchesky (Billericay)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Former England international Konchesky was the marquee signing for Billericay after multi-millionaire owner Glenn Tamplin took over the club. Despite being a defender by trade, he's playing in centre midfield in the Bostik Premier Division.
DEF - Pascal Chimbonda (Washington FC)
The shock non-league signing of the season came this Thursday as former Tottenham defender Chimbonda signed for ninth-tier Washington FC of the Northern League, who have just one win to their name in the league this season.
DEF - Stephen Jordan (Chorley)
(Image: Getty Images)
It appeared at one point that Jordan was a mainstay of the Manchester City defence, playing over 50 times in the Premier League across five seasons. After leaving Fleetwood in 2016, he was snapped up by National League North Chorley.
DEF - Titus Bramble (Stowmarket Town)
Bramble appeared to call time on his playing career when he was not offered a new contract by Sunderland in 2013, but he resurfaced this summer and has since turned out for Stowmarket Town of the Eastern Counties League.
MID - Julio Arca (South Shields)
(Image: The FA via Getty)
Arca has become something of a legend in the north east for three different clubs. After over 150 appearances for both Sunderland and Middlesbrough, he has signed for free-spending South Shields and has already helped them up two divisions.
MID - Liam Lawrence (Rushall Olympic)
After 84 appearances in the Premier League with Stoke and 15 caps for the Republic of Ireland, Lawrence, 35, completed his drop down the pyramid by signing for seventh-tier Rushall in the summer. He has not featured since August, however.
MID - Jermaine Pennant (Billericay)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
From the Champions League final to the AGP Arena - a pretty big turnaround in fortunes for Pennant. After a failed spell at Bury last season, Pennant was snapped up by big spending Billericay Town.
MID - Gary McSheffrey (Eastleigh)
(Image: Birmingham Post and Mail)
McSheffrey is one of the few footballers who can sit that he has played in the top five tiers of English football. Now 35, McSheffrey played in the Premier League with both Coventry and Birmingham.
STR - Jobi McAnuff (Leyton Orient)
(Image: PA)
McAnuff played 38 times for Reading during their 2012/13 cameo in the Premier League. He was sold to Leyton Orient in 2014 and was re-signed for a spell in non-league after their relegation to the National League last season.
STR - Marcus Bent (Wick FC)
(Image: Paul Gilham/Getty)
While he hasn't actually turned out for Wick yet, Bent signed a deal with the Sussex County League team last month. He is still waiting for international clearance after a short spell playing in Indonesia.
STR - Barry Hayles (Windsor)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
At 45 years young, former Fulham striker Hayles is still going strong in a player-coach role in the Hellenic League Premier Division. The former Jamaica international made his Willesden Hawkeye debut back in 1989 and worked his way to the top before dropping back down.
The chairman and chief executive of Cboe Global Markets has accused an influential derivatives lobby of aiming a "cheap shot" ahead of the launch of bitcoin futures, which began trading on the exchange on Sunday.
Edward Tilly told Financial News that comments last week from the Futures Industry Association's CEO Walt Lukken, who suggested that bitcoin futures had come to market too quickly, were "irresponsible".
Tilly was speaking just hours after Cboe's bitcoin futures began trading for the first time. The contracts give traders the chance to bet on the future price of the cryptocurrency and are based on auction prices at the Gemini bitcoin exchange, co-founded by Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss.
Cboe is the first of the big exchanges to begin trading bitcoin futures; the likes of CME Group and Nasdaq have similar products planned for launch in the coming weeks and months.
In a letter to the main derivatives regulator, the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission, Lukken said the processes by which exchanges were launching these products left "little or no time for public review".
But Tilly said: "I think letters like that and cheap shots to our regulator, the CFTC, are uncalled for to make it seem this was an overnight self-certification without the proper amount of CFTC involvement. This is just irresponsible. I respect all the concerns that the industry has but when it's articulated in the way the FIA did, not so much."
He added that the "CFTC has been with us all along for months and months at every level".
FIA had no immediate comment.
READ Bitcoin's rise is no joke, it is a sign of the failure of financial services
The price of bitcoin has broken multiple records in recent weeks and is currently trading at around $16,200. Bitcoin futures contracts expiring in January — the most heavily traded — traded for as much as $18,850 today, according to Cboe's website.
Tilly also said that Cboe's arrangements for clearing the bitcoin futures were appropriate. The Options Clearing Corporation, a systemically important utility in financial markets, clears the contracts for Cboe.
Like the FIA, Thomas Peterffy, the founder and chairman of broker-dealer Interactive Brokers Group, has raised concerns about clearing bitcoin futures through the same clearing houses as other derivatives.
In his own letter to the CFTC, Peterffy wrote that doing so posed a risk to banks that are members of clearing houses.
Tilly said: "We listen when he [Peterffy] talks. That was raised at OCC. OCC considered that, as they should when Thomas speaks, and determined that the current structure of OCC's clearing fund was the appropriate one. Again, I default to their expertise and I'm comfortable with their decision."
He added that Cboe had the oversight in place to make a much more reliable and steady market. Asked whether Cboe should buy an exchange where underlying bitcoins trade, Tilly said: "Maybe one day. Right now we stick to what we know."
Others have pointed to the launch of bitcoin futures as a sign that the market for cryptocurrencies is maturing. Simon Taylor, co founder and blockchain practice lead at consultancy 11FS and former innovation executive at Barclays, said the futures contracts represented a "mainstream legitimacy moment".
He said: "I think many [institutional investors] already are [taking it seriously] but it's important to say this is a tough market to enter. There aren't mature custodians in the way you'd expect in traditional markets, most of the funds are still early and the CBOE and CME contracts are very limited in volume initially."
Joanna Torode, a financial crime lawyer at Ropes & Gray, added: "This development is likely to have two effects. Firstly, it will speed up the march towards legitimisation of an asset class that only a few years ago many law enforcement agencies would have argued had limited legitimate reasons for people to use. Secondly, it further facilitates the shift towards decentralised economies globally."
Additional reporting by Yolanda Bobeldijk
To contact the author of this story with feedback or news, email Samuel Agini
In a modern democracy, formed out of the receding shadow of a fascist dictatorship, could a journalist be murdered for political reasons? Chilean series “Bala Loca” starts with this singular question and unspools into a up-to-date thriller, a 180-degree departure from the telenovelas which have dominated Latin American drama.
Fitting in the 10-hour mould of the post-streaming world, the series has a look and approach which give it an international feel. That feel got it onto the New York Times' list of what to watch for the first weekend of August this year, and a nomination for best series at the Premios Platinos, held in Madrid in July.
Produced by show creator David Mirando Hardy's Filmosonido and funded by CNTV, Chile's national council of television, the series was broadcast first in Chile by free-to-air TV network Chilevisión, owned by Turner Broadcasting System-owned. It has since been picked up by Netflix for distribution in the U.S., Spain, and most of Latin America.
The show follows a small group of political journalists in Santiago de Chile who ban together to investigate the dubious circumstances surrounding a colleague's death, and the possible ties to major corporate and political entities. In addition to the main plot-line, “Bala Loca” addresses topics such as living with a disability, non-traditional family units, adolescence and sexual identity.
As is often the case with higher end TV productions, “Bala Loca” looked to the big screen to find many of its lead actors. Alejandro Goic, who featured in 2009's Sundance hit “The Maid” and 2015 Berlinale Silver Bear winner “The Club.” is joined by Ingrid Insensee who played the lead in the 2014 San Sebastian competition player “La Voz en Off”, at the head of an ensemble cast.
Hardy has been working for decades in sound, the area of production that he refers to as his first passion. In addition to a successful domestic career in Chile, he has worked on major Hollywood fare such as “Batman Returns”, “Point Break.” Just last year he served as the sound designer for Pablo Larraín's Oscar nominated “Jackie.” “Bala Loca” represents his first foray into TV. Hardy answered questions about series for Variety.
Where did the show come from? What were your inspirations and how was the idea developed?
We wanted to make a gripping show, one that would compel you to binge-watch it and would surprise you at every turn, so we could keep audiences captive as we take them into uncomfortable realities. We wanted to talk about Chilean social anxieties: that obscure dance between politics, money and power; our constant suspicion of corruption; the distrust in our newly-found democratic institutions. My creative and business partner Marcos de Aguirre has used a wheelchair since his thirties, so we wanted a protagonist with a disability that was front and center, yet we didn't want audiences to refer to him as “the guy in the wheelchair”. The formula we found was a crime-solving thriller led by a group of investigative journalists with deep personal flaws.
Chile has a particularly rich history of producing top-notch acting talent. Can you talk about the casting process?
You are totally right about the rich acting history of my country. We were very fortunate because even though it was our first venture as content producers, actors were compelled by the story and we got everybody we wanted. Every part in the show, big or small, is performed by an experienced actor. The result is a level of truth and depth we could only dream about. With over a hundred speaking parts, the process was long and cumbersome. Casting Director Manuela Martelli was essential shaping this world-class cast.
Were any of the parts written with certain actors in mind?
Halfway through the writing process, we knew we had Alejandro Goic to play Mauro Murillo. That changed everything, even the age and demeanor of our protagonist. I've known Alejandro for many years. He is a full-time seducer, and one of the best storytellers you can find. We wrote to take advantage of these qualities, and it was very reassuring to know he would be carrying the show on his shoulders. Alejandro can pull off very difficult scenes, balancing the cynical with the melodramatic with subtlety and passion. He is as charismatic as it gets. Antonia Serrano was also written with Ingrid Isensee in mind, from the very beginning.
Does the series have a definitive ending or is there room for further seasons?
Spoiler alert! We have a very big question dangling in the end, a perfect bridge to Season 2.
The themes in this show seem very universal. Have there been any discussions about the format being used in any other countries?
We are fans of American TV series and their creators and I have been lucky enough to meet some of the best, like David Simon and Shawn Ryan. For a small media market like Chile, it is essential to remain specific and local, but with an eye on internationalization and a broader universal appeal. We would love to see an American version of “Bala Loca,” as I believe a lot of the tropes, this dissatisfaction with the system, is deeply shared there. So far, we haven't had any specific conversations to adapt the material, only to broadcast the original one.
The series has a cinematic feel. What did you do to achieve that?
There is a growing convergence between film and television in terms of production systems and creative talent. For instance, we made a point of “Bala Loca” being shot with one camera, like most films are. We took a long time to write it and all artistic decisions, from the wardrobe to the color palette, locations, music composition, were all carefully considered as they would be in a film. Having the fantastic actors we have lends the medium prestige and validation but, beyond all, it gave as an amazing wealth of talent and craftsmanship.
QUETTA, Aug 14 (APP): Azadi Parade was held at Bughti Stadium Quetta on
Monday on Pakistan's 70th Independence Day.
Chief guest of the ceremony Governor Balochistan Muhammad Khan Achakzai
along with Chief Minister Balochistan Nawab Sanaullah Khan Zehri and Commander Southern Command Lt. General Amir Riaz hoisted the national flag on the occasion.
A smartly turned out contingent of Pakistan Army presented salam to the
national flag, whereas renowned artists presented “milli naghmas”.
The ceremony was also attended by provincial ministers, members of the
assembly, high-ranked civil and military officials.
Speaking at the ceremony Commander Southern Command said that the
situation had changed a lot in Balochistan and the Independence Day was being celebrated with full entushiasm and national fervor throughout the province.
He said there was no part of Balochistan where the slogan “Long Live
Pakistan” was not heard.
Nigeria, like many African countries, exports crude gum arabic at low prices but re-imports processed gum at substantially higher prices to meet local manufacturing demand. This paradox offers huge investment potentials for investors willing to process and sell as there are just one or two companies doing that in the country at the moment.
In 2016, Nigeria earned $43m foreign exchange from export of crude gum arabic, according to sources in the Ministry of Agriculture. However, Nigeria's total export of gum arabic amounted to less than 12,000 tons while Sudan, the world's largest producer, exported about 60,000 tons to Western Europe and US alone in the same period. A ton of the commodity in the international market now sells for $1,000 to $1,500, while the processed gum is sold for about $3,200 to $3,800 per ton.
This means that if we were to sell more of processed gum, and increase output quality and quantity, then we can earn more than $100m and create employment for many unemployed people. Sudan and Chad together account for about 95% of the global market. Nigeria has lost its US market share of Grade 1 gum Arabic because it failed to meet the necessary standards for production and export.
China and Japan import Grade 1 gum Arabic only from Sudan. India is the major importer of Nigerian gum Arabic because it buys mainly Grade 2, and mixed grades. Most of Nigeria's Grade I gum Arabic trees grow in three states: Borno, Jigawa and Yobe, due to climate and soil which is well suited to the Acacia Senegal tree. According to Markets and Markets, a market research agency, the global gum Arabic market is projected to reach $800 million by 2019.
Gum Arabic, also known as “desert gold of Africa” is the dried exudates obtained from stems and branches of Acacia Senegal (L.). It is a natural product derived from hardened acacia tree sap, harvested in the Sahel region of Africa. The crop adapts naturally to the hot, dry and barren regions of Africa particularly in areas along the southern frontiers of the Sahara desert including Mauritania, Senegal, Mali, Niger, Nigeria, Chad and Sudan. Indeed, the three largest exporters of crude gum arabic are Sudan, which accounts for 66% of the total, Chad with 13%, and Nigeria with 8.5%, in 2014–2016.
Given its many desirable properties, safety record and natural origin, gum arabic is the most commercially valuable of what are known as exudate gums – those secreted by plants. The crop is a strategic raw material with world-wide application in the food, beverages, confectionery, pharmaceutical and Chemical Industries. In the food/beverages and confectionery industries, gum Arabic is used as an emulsifier, a stabilizer, a fixing and jellifying agent, among other uses. In the pharmaceutical and chemical industries, it is used as a binding and coating agent. It is used as a stabilizer, a binder, an emulsifier or a viscosity-increasing agent, not only in confectionery, soft drinks, wine, liquor, and dietary fibre, but also for non-food products such as pharmaceuticals, cosmetics, printing, ceramics, photosensitive chemicals, textiles, paper, ink, paints and adhesives.
The product finds worldwide use also in environmental protection by curtailing desert encroachment because of its low water consumption rate and ability to survive in adverse weather conditions. In erosion control, the roots of the gum Arabic tree have very strong grip on the soil thereby holding the soil together and preventing erosion. According to a new report by the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD), it is imperative for the producing countries to explore local processing opportunities as many African countries that export crude gum arabic at low prices re-import processed gum at substantially higher prices to meet local manufacturing demand.
The report showed that Nigeria has been hindered by quality inconsistency, poor market organization and production disruptions due to the Boko Haram insurgency.
Up to 1966, Nigeria was the second world largest producer of gun Arabic after Sudan. Nigeria however lost this position to Chad due to lack of attention to the development of this valuable product. Bush burning, absence of research and improved seedling, lack of forest renewal, absence of new plantation, declining productivity of old trees, felling of trees for use as firewood, have all combined to reduce Nigeria's productive capacity of gum Arabic.
Two countries, France and India, import three-quarters of all crude gum arabic. After processing, France alone exports two-thirds of all processed gum arabic. Notably, a single European manufacturer, France-based Nexira – which calls itself a “manufacturer of natural innovative ingredients for the food, nutrition and health industries” – is said to hold a 50% global market share in processed gum arabic products.
Gum Arabic is a promising commodity for producing countries due to its potential to generate foreign exchange, create employment, promote sustainable agriculture and forestry, and ensure food security and combat desertification and climate change. Individuals and businesses need to get more involved by getting more information from research institutes in the country, improving workers' skills, increasing product differentiation and value addition, enhancing marketing and finance solutions. The government also needs to support the economic activity by fostering political stability, especially in the northern region, though our research institutes now have improved species that can thrive in the southern part of the country.
The New England Patriots are fully healthy heading into Super Bowl LII while playing against the Philadelphia Eagles.
The Patriots removed Rob Gronkowski, Deatrich Wise, Malcolm Butler, and Brandon King from the injury list. This leaves a completely empty injury report for the Patriots and a fully healthy team.
This is a huge positive for the Patriots because Gronkowski, Wise, and Butler are all huge impact players that can dramatically affect the game. The Eagles are in the same situation although, and they no longer have any players on the injury list.
This much anticipated Super Bowl matchup will hold much more excitement now that both teams are at full strength.
French Open 2018: Wozniacki quickly eliminates Garcia Perez in second round
The World no. 2 finished second round in less than an hour.
Rudy Martinez ANALYST Feature 31 May 2018, 01:20 IST 23 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
TENNIS-FRA-OPEN-WOMEN
Georgina Garcia Perez was no match for the world number two at the French Open. Caroline Wozniacki did what was needed to be done in the shape of two quick sets that gave her a 6-1, 6-0 win on Philippe Chatrier Court at Roland Garros Wednesday. The Dane outscored the Spaniard 53-25 in a lopsided match that nearly went one way from start to finish.
Neither one had any experience on the other but when it came to time on court, the Spaniard reigned supreme. Perez held a four-match winning streak that started in qualifications. She dropped a set only once so far but had a heavier task at hand.
Wozniacki got through her opening match facing Danielle Collins who couldn't keep up to speed. With that and many other qualities being essential for success, the 27 year old would need her best to remain constant throughout the battle.
She came out with the forehand on fire delivering big shots to Garcia Perez with very little back in response. Wozniacki soon had a 3-0 run in the set capturing twice as many points as her opponent.
The Dane rushed through the next two having every element of her game on lock while Garcia Perez struggled to get in the game. With the danger of getting a bagel, the Spaniard found a way to break through with her service game on Wozniacki to get on the board and try making a difference.
The world number two denied her that chance reaching three set points making good on her second attempt to close things out in 21 minutes. Both the first and second serve percentages of Wozniacki's match at 80 percent winning a total of 25 points with Garcia Perez gaining 11. The overall serve from the Dane had her believing a quick day on court was possible.
She saw the Spaniard try to make good on her serve opening the second set but forced deuce just in time to keep her shut down. She made it 3-0 in the first 13 minutes that had her closing in on the ultimate goal of the day earning another double break.
Wozniacki was on a complete runaway showing no mercy to Garcia Perez who hadn't yet recorded more than ten points in the set. The world number two gained a 5-0 hold before serving for the match where she was dealt with some challenges of playing to deuce.
The 27-year-old stayed cool and collected wasting no time gaining the AD point to end the match in 51 minutes. Wozniacki had the only double fault between them but converted more break points and had her service well-oiled to get into the next round where she'll face the winner between Alize Cornet and Pauline Parmentier.
The premiere of a movie based on the true story of an Iowa high school volleyball team was held Sunday in Iowa City.
That team's star player, Caroline Found, died in a moped crash just days before the start of the 2011 volleyball season at Iowa City West. Caroline's father, Ernie Found, told KCRG-TV he originally didn't want film crews to tell his family's tragedy.
“Our initial reaction was no way,” Found said. “It's just too raw and we just don't need Hollywood playing with our hearts.” Found eventually gave the project the green light.
“We sort of came to the conclusion there (are) no women's sports inspiration movies out there, and we need one, and this world needs one,” Found said. Oscar-winner William Hurt portrays Ernie Found in the movie. Another Oscar-winner, Helen Hunt, portrays Kathy Bresnahan, the coach of the volleyball team. Bresnahan recalled, following Caroline's death, the team set a simple goal.
“And that was to play hard,” Bresnahan told KCRG. “And we never did say ‘win for Caroline,' but we said ‘let's play like Caroline.' And that, in itself, was a huge burden because she loved the game.” The team appreciated all the community support that year, especially from one particular fan.
Ernie Found continued to cheer on his daughter's team, which won the 2011 state championship. Found was mourning two deaths during the time. His wife, Ellyn, died from pancreatic cancer just two weeks after Caroline's death.
The movie, “The Miracle Season,” hits theaters soon. The wide release date is April 6.
UNITED NATIONS, Dec 12 (APP)::
The UN General Assembly Monday passed a resolution, by consensus, on promoting interreligious and intercultural dialogue to advance a culture of peace and non-violence based on education, tolerance, dialogue and cooperation in the world.
Sponsored by Pakistan and the Philippines, the text reaffirmed the solemn commitment of all States to fulfill their obligations to promote universal respect for and protection of all human rights and fundamental freedoms, in accordance with the United Nations Charter and Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
A three-year-old child is in hospital with after being struck by a pickup truck on Dundas St. E.
Around 10:30 p.m., police responded to the scene on Dundas St. E. between Jarvis St. and George St. The toddler was crossing the road when struck. They “immediately got up,” on their own following the collision.
The child was taken to SickKids, Const. Jenniferjit Sidhu said.
“(The injuries) are considered serious, but we don't know what they are yet,” added Sidhu.
The child is not in critical condition.
Ambulance bosses have vowed the service will get 'better and better' after being told the service in the East of England requires improvement.
The East of England Ambulance Service - which covers Cambridgeshire, Bedfordshire, Essex, Hertfordshire, Norfolk and Suffolk, was given the 'Requires Improvement' rating following an inspection from the Care Quality Commission.
The Trust's inspection looked at three core services: emergency operation centres (EOC) where 999 calls are taken, urgent and emergency care including the hazardous area response team, and patient transport services.
While the Trust was rated as ‘requires improvement' overall, the Trust was pleased to see that the CQC had recognised improvement across some of the individual areas of rating..
Chief Executive Robert Morton said: “Yet again our staff were rated as ‘outstanding' for caring. The team inspected our Trust during the most challenging winter for the NHS on record, and just weeks after a risk summit called for the NHS system in the region to work together to improve patient experience. We worked with all our regulators, including the CQC, from very early on in this period to ensure we were open and honest with all the challenges we were facing and how we were leading the system to improve services to patients.
“The improvements the CQC saw were in some areas of the Patient Transport Services and our Emergency Operations Centres where we handle and triage 999 calls. I'd like to thank everyone who welcomed the inspection team and gave their views, supported our colleagues in providing a wealth of data and information to the CQC before, during and after the inspection, and represented the ‘We Are EEAST' approach to our caring and compassionate work.”
Robert added: “The CQC inspected the Trust at a time when staff were extremely tired and under pressure.. There will always be room for improvement. We are aware of the many challenges we face here in the east. Engaging with our staff, across a virtual organisation which is spread out across a area of 7,500 square miles, can be a huge task. Our workforce are highly mobile and travel approx 12 million miles a year supporting or delivering the best care we can to patients. We are working to ensure the leaders at every level in our organisation are given the time and space to build effective, communicative teams at a local level – particularly during tough periods like winter. Given the highly virtual and mobile nature of our workforce, we must be innovative about how we can engage our workforce who do not work in a single large site like a hospital.
“We are a united Board-level team with a wide range of expertise and experience to help us strengthen our service and help EEAST remain focused on our patients. The care we provide for them means we're in the best position ever to provide the modern, high-quality and sustainable health services our communities need. With the right investment, including £11.5m of additional funding this year - we will get better and better.”
More: Ambulance trust told it requires improvement
The full report is available here
Source: Zim to fight ivory ban | The Herald August 14, 2017
Jeffrey Gogo Climate
Environment, Water and Climate Minister Oppah Muchinguri-Kashiri says Zimbabwe is “going to put up a really strong fight” to have a global ban that has left the country stuck with a multi-million dollar 96 000kg ivory cache lifted.
She was speaking after it emerged last week that those opposed to lifting the ban had become unrelenting in their efforts to permanently shut debate on the commercial trade of ivory — the remains of thousands of elephants hunted illegally for their tusks, or those dying from natural causes. It also emerged that the ivory crushing crusade of August 3 in New York, US, where 2 tonnes of ivory were reduced to dust in a calculated demonstration of ivory's worthlessness unless on a live animal, was actually much larger than we had previously thought.
“We have engaged in strategic talks (I cannot pre-empt the talks), and countries that have been fighting us, we seem to be winning them over,” Mrs Muchinguri-Kashiri told The Herald Business on August 11, by telephone. “We certainly have not been sleeping. We have been engaging.”
Malawi, Mozambique and Tanzania, which have previously resisted calls for legitimising international ivory trade — banned 28 years ago — had since joined the foremost trade advocates of Namibia, South Africa and Zimbabwe, in the “fight”, she revealed. The Environment Minister said they had even managed to convert some among the so-called African Elephant Coalition, a group of 29 African countries that last September, together with the EU and wildlife campaigners, rejected a plan by Zimbabwe, Namibia and South Africa that would have allowed ivory sales in the future. But circumstances are beginning to change as the moratorium on ivory sales that Zimbabwe agreed to back in 2007, ostensibly as a compromise to keep the debate on commercial trade open, is due to expire in November.
“The moratorium is falling away this year. This means that the decisions that were made 10 years ago would have to be renegotiated again,” said Minister Muchinguri Kashiri, hopeful a sale will be in the offing this time round.
Zimbabwe wants to be allowed to sell its elephants — at 80 000, the world's second largest herd after Botswana — and to sell its 96 000kg of ivory to help raise revenue to protect the same, wildlife officials say.
That's despite fears in some quarters that doing so would only fuel poaching of the African elephant, already at crisis level, with some 30 000 animals killed illegally each year for their ivory, according to the Great Elephant Census report of 2015.
And in order to prevent poaching, CITES, the global watchdog for endangered animal species, in 1989 banned the global trade in ivory, with Zimbabwe's last legitimate trade happening on November 1, 2008 — a one-time sale of 3 700kg of ivory to Japan and China. Based on the average price of $135 a kg reported in the 2008 transaction, we assume any future sale will be benchmarked against the last per kg selling price, valuing Zimbabwe's current stock of ivory at an estimated $13 million, according to calculations by The Herald Business.
Hard done
It is worth noting that Harare's plan to push through the adoption of the Decision Making Mechanism, which would allow trade in ivory in future, was rejected by an overwhelming majority of 76-20 during the last Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES) meeting in South Africa in 2016.
Now, that's in effect a rejection of the compromise agreement on the moratorium of 2007, to which Zimbabwe committed. It is also one of the clearest indications yet of the growing influence of the anti-ivory trade lobby, and how the opportunity for legitimate trade is closing with each passing year.
Campaigners are using various tactics to turn the world's attention away from endorsing legal trade calls by those countries in southern Africa bearing the world's burden in looking after elephants, which often times destroy food crops and homes. From burning to crushing, NGOs, governments and conservators have brought destruction to thousands of kilogrammes of confiscated ivory, hammering home the message ivory was not for sale.
We reported here last week that the World Elephant Society, a US-based non-profit group, had crushed 2 000kg of “illegal ivory”. It has since emerged the Society was not acting alone, Patricia Sims, a co-founder of the WES, said by email.
The ivory crush was conducted by a coalition of organisations led by the New York State's Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC) and Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS), with support from some of the world's most prominent wildlife conservation NGOs.
Participants included the African Wildlife Foundation, Association of Zoos and Aquariums, Humane Society of the US, International Fund for AnimalWelfare, National Geographic, National Resources Defense Council, Saving Animals Facing Extinction, US Wildlife Trafficking Alliance, WildAid, Sims said.
This is no longer grand-standing. Here is a large group of powerful, wealthy actors that are capable of influencing global legislation on ivory trade. The fact that these groups could come together in a common act that would otherwise fail to find currency in Zimbabwe, Namibia or South Africa, demonstrates just how big the fight for ivory has become.
We'll stick around
We asked Minister Muchinguri-Kashiri whether Zimbabwe would consider options outside the CITES legal regime, should efforts at reform within the 180-government member body fail.
“This is an issue that requires a lot of debate on our side here in Zimbabwe,” she admitted, but only.
“We cannot afford to leave CITES just like that. We work as a region . . . so whatever position that Zimbabwe adopts, we have to sell that to the other countries in SADC. Together, we form a formidable force, which will lobby, if we are required to do so, as we have been doing in the past.”
In the past we have argued that a radical alternative may include a complete or partial break-away from the Convention.
In this scenario, countries backing the trade in ivory may create their own market, supported by bilateral instruments and agreements that do not only legitimise trade outside of the Cites, but ensure it is sustainable, transparent and accountable — with all trade statistics made public.
Or the ivory proponents could stick around in CITES, and hope to force change from within. Minister Muchinguri-Kashiri accused unnamed high ranking officials of marshalling a domestic “mafia” killing elephants for their ivory, as frustrating Zimbabwe's efforts at achieving world acceptance as a genuine case for liberalising ivory trade.
“We are trying to clean up our image (as a country) . . . it's a mafia. I am dealing with a mafia,” she complained.
God is faithful.
Pasco County deputies are searching for Julio Gonzalez, 49, of St. Petersburg, who is considered "armed and dangerous" after he stole an AR-15 rifle from a New Port Richey home on Sunday. Pasco County Sheriff's Office
Nick Grimshaw has shocked listeners by announcing he will leave the Radio 1 breakfast show
The popular DJ announced on his show this morning that he would be stepping down at the end of the summer.
The announcement comes two weeks after new data revealed that Grimshaw's show had recorded its second lowest audience figures since current records began.
His programme shed 600,000 listeners in the first quarter of this year, pulling in 5.1 million listeners a week in the first three months of 2018, compared with 5.7 million a week in the last quarter of 2017, according to audience research body Rajar.
Grimshaw, who took over the early morning radio programme in 2012 from Chris Moyles, said he's "really tired" and had the position for much longer than he first thought he would.
The DJ told his listeners on Thursday morning: "Come September it will be six years... I've decided it's time for a change, time for a new show and, most importantly, it's going to be time for a new wake-up time... preferably about 11.30."
He said he will remain on BBC Radio 1 on the drivetime show in a job swap with James.
Grimshaw joked that he "ain't had a good night's sleep since God knows when" and that he has had "jet lag for six years".
James appeared on the programme and admitted to feeling nervous about announcing his new role as the Breakfast Show presenter.
He told Grimshaw: "I did not sleep one hour last night just thinking about it... it's too much."
James added that it's a "big challenge" and he's "ready to give this a go".
Grimshaw said in a statement: "I had the time of my life. I've decided it's time for a change and a new show.
"I love Radio 1 and can't wait to get on with the new time slot and the removal of all alarms from my house.
"I'm so happy to be swapping shows with my friend and yours Greg James, and can't wait to wake up to him each morning. Not literally. Just on the radio. Unless he's up for it."
In a statement, James said: "I am completely beside myself that I've been given the chance to present the most famous radio show in the world.
"It really doesn't get any bigger than this and I really want to build on the great work Grimmy has done.
"The listeners have become like mates during the 10 years I've been on air, so to be there when they wake up is a real honour.
"They're always front and centre and this will of course be the case on the new breakfast show. It's going to be the most enjoyable challenge I've ever undertaken and I can't wait to get started."
Drone hits affecting war on terror
Tariq Saeed
Peshawar
Taking strong exception to continuous violation of the Pakistan's territorial integrity by the Americans whose' drone strikes go on in our tribal belt unabated, the Chief of the Army Staff General Qamar Javed Bajwa on Wednesday said unilateral actions like drone strikes were highly counter-productive and against spirit of ongoing cooperation and intelligence sharing being diligently undertaken by Pakistan. He observed the same was also bearing negative impact on the ongoing war on terror.
“Pakistan Army itself is quite capable of taking effective measure if actionable intelligence is shared”, the Army chief stressed while speaking during his visit to Corps Headquarters Peshawar.
The Chief of Army staff declared that Pakistan considers Afghanistan as a brotherly neighbour and “terrorists are our common enemy”. He, however, said the threat required a trust based coordinated response rather than blame game or unwarranted skirmishes..
The army chief reiterated his desire for the early mainstreaming of the FATA through reforms. “Our focus now is to transform our operational achievements in FATA into enduring peace and stability for which early mainstreaming of FATA through reforms is essential and Pakistan Army fully supports all efforts towards that end”, he said.
General Bajwa said our brave tribal brothers, through their support, cooperation and resolve, have enabled its security forces to succeed during the operations and now it is time for them to live a fear free and quality social life as citizens of Pakistan.
He said that Pakistan Army shall continue its efforts to consolidate gains achieved thus far and stated that army stands with all other institutions to get Pakistan rid of menaces retarding its progress and prosperity.
At the Corps Headquarters Peshawar, General Qamar Javed Bajwa was given detailed briefing on situation along Pak-Afghan border, ongoing and future operations, progress on development works as well as the return of TDPs to their homes.
Reports of the death of Bitcoin in India have been greatly exaggerated.
On Thursday a budget speech by finance minister Arun Jaitley generated a tsunami of ‘the Bitcoin party is over in India' headlines, adding to downward pressures on the cryptocurrency.
Safe to say, the truth of the matter is a lot more gray. Yes, Jaitley talked tough on crypto currencies. But no, there was no outright ban — not yet, anyway. The Indian government's plans for crypto regulation remain unformulated (or at least unstated). It did set up a committee to look into crypto back in April. Which reported in Jaitley in August. But no regulations have been confirmed, leaving rumors to swirl.
Here's the relevant chunk of Jaitley's budget speech (via The India Express):
Distributed ledger system or the block chain technology allows organization of any chain of records or transactions without the need of intermediaries. The Government does not consider crypto-currencies legal tender or coin and will take all measures to eliminate use of these crypto-assets in financing illegitimate activities or as part of the payment system. The Government will explore use of block chain technology proactively for ushering in digital economy.
One clear takeaway from that is the minister is sounding much more positive about blockchain technology. And his tonal contrast between blockchain and cryptocurrencies is obviously intentional — and therefore interesting.
So yes Jaitley wants to sound like he's pouring cold water on crypto. But whether that means you should hodl or not depends on your own personal threshold for risk.
The point about the Indian government not recognizing crypto as legal tender was already made by Jaitley, back in December. And a crackdown on crypto financing illegitimate activities is what any government will say it wants to do. What's more interesting is the second clause in his sentence — where he tacks on “or as part of the payment system”, which is certainly suggestive of a ban. But nothing is explicitly stated.
And, as CNN reported earlier, Jaitley was explicitly asked if the government is moving to ban cryptocurrencies by Indian state-owned broadcaster Doordarshan, which interviewed him after the budget speech.
Here's CNN's translation of the exchange (emphasis mine):
TV Host: We've seen a lot of excitement over bitcoins. Why aren't you banning it instead of stating it isn't legal tender? Jaitley: We are discouraging people from using it now. There is a government committee that's looking into it right now and they will announce their decisions and next steps after they are done.
So really the minister's intention looks to have been to try and inject a little more sanity into the crypto space by splashing a little cold water around. And no one should argue with the sense of that.
But how exactly will Bitcoin and crypto be regulated in India? Well, that remains to be seen.
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina, Aug 12 (Reuters) - Graham DeLaet bookended back-to-back eagles with a pair of birdies in a stunning four-hole stretch to charge into contention at the PGA Championship on Saturday.
After a birdie at the par-three 13th, the Canadian then went eagle, eagle, birdie -- six-under-par for the four holes -- en route to a three-under 68 at Quail Hollow.
DeLaet, two-under for the tournament and five shots adrift of leader Kevin Kisner, was as surprised as anyone by the run, which came after what had been a mediocre round up until that point.
He had even needed a pep talk from his caddie after being "bummed out" by a double-bogey at the 11th.
“It's fun to do that at a regular tour event but at a PGA Championship that's pretty cool,” said the world number 117.
"It's something I'll probably always remember. And the nice thing about it was it put me in a position where something really special tomorrow can (happen).
"Probably gonna take a special round, but you never know."
DeLaet's run started when he almost made a hole-in-one with a six-iron at the 13th, his ball stopping on the edge of the cup. He almost aced the 301-yard par-four 14th as well, his tee shot with a three-wood running over the hole before stopping eight feet beyond, from where he sank the eagle putt.
“I almost had three (eagles) in a row because I hit it to an inch the hole before," he said.
"I left that ball hanging on the lip (at the 13th and then I) hit the hole on the next one, the par-four.
"That's where I turned to (my caddie) and said, 'Man, I could have just gone one, one,' but going two, two is pretty good on those holes too."
DeLaet's charge continued with a 12-foot eagle putt at the par-five 15th before he sank a 45-footer for birdie at the par-four 16th.
“That was just a bonus, are you kidding me?” he said of the 16th. "When that putt went in, you shake your head and it was pretty unreal."
The 35-year-old is still seeking his first victory on Tour, and a major would not be a bad way to start.
Afflicted with a chronically bad back, he underwent microdiscectomy surgery in 2011, the same procedure Tiger Woods has undergone, and is health is a day-to-day issue.
“I've been on the (treatment) table a lot this week,” he said. “I haven't done any practising. Today was the best that it felt.
"It was painful with every swing but it didn't affect me for the first time this week, so that was nice." (Additional reporting by Larry Fine; Editing by Peter Rutherford; )
CLAIM
In August 2017, Harvard University reversed its suspension of Malia Obama, after an intervention by Barack Obama.
FALSE
RATING
FALSE
ORIGIN
On 14 August 2017, the satirical web site Our Land of the Free falsely reported that former United States president Barack Obama had intervened to reverse Harvard University's suspension of his daughter Malia Obama:
If you haven't heard, Malia Obama was recently arrested in Chicago after purchasing a whopping six pounds of marijuana (a seller's quantity according to police) from a drug lord her father had released from prison in 2015. The teenage Obama faces a good bit of time in prison and has even been suspended from Harvard until the conclusion of the trial, but the regular course of justice is not acceptable to the Obama family. According to sources within Harvard, Barack Obama called school president Harmon Finklestein and angrily demanded that his daughter be allowed to attend the university. Of course, he caved.
The article then presents a fabricated quotation from the president of Harvard University.
The story is entirely false: Malia Obama was not arrested in Chicago, she has not been suspended from Harvard, she is not facing trial, and the president of Harvard University is Drew Gilpin Faust, not the fictional “Harmon Finklestein”. This is just the latest in a series of fabricated, fake stories revolving around Malia Obama, which has included false claims that she lost an internship following her (fictional) arrest, and that she had been expelled from Harvard.
Our Land of the Free is a satirical web site that describes itself as publishing exclusive fake stories:
Gold soared higher on Monday, December 11, as the dollar retreated on the back of lacklustre U.S. wages data.
Spot gold was up 0.25 percent at $1,250.93 an ounce at 1040 GMT, while U.S. gold futures for February
delivery were up $4.40 an ounce at $1,252.80. Spot prices dipped 2.5 percent last week, their biggest weekly drop since May.
The Fed is widely tipped to lift rates at its two-day policy meeting ending Wednesday, but its accompanying statement will be closely watched for any surprises.
The bank is expected to increase rates another two or three times in 2018, but still-sluggish inflation and wage growth has raised question marks over that view.
“The FOMC's policy statement, Fed Chair Yellen's final press conference in charge, and the update to the summary of economic projections will be closely parsed for signs the Fed's longer term intentions,” Mitsubishi analyst Jonathan Butler said.
Gold is highly sensitive to rising U.S. interest rates, as these increase the opportunity cost of holding non-yielding bullion, while boosting the dollar, in which it is priced.
On the wider markets, world stocks rose and equity volatility neared a record low on Monday ahead of a raft of central bank rate decisions, while newly launched bitcoin futures shot above $18,000.
Hedge funds and money managers sharply reduced their net long positions in COMEX gold and silver contracts in the week to Dec. 5, U.S. data showed on Friday.
Net positions in silver fell by the largest amount on record, by 34,915 contracts, Société Générale said in a note.
“The market is left with little speculative ammunition to pull prices lower on the short term,” it said. “Fundamentals on the other hand remain a headwind on longer horizons. With silver prices highly correlated to gold's, the December rate hike, along with the three further 2018 hikes our economists expect,
will weigh on investors' appetite.”
Silver was little changed at $15.83. Platinum was up 0.2 percent at $889.05 an ounce, after touching its lowest since February 2016 last week. Palladium was 0.3 percent higher at $1,009.70 an ounce, Reuters reports.
SPRINGFIELD - Hampden County Sheriff Nick Cocchi on Tuesday announced plans to launch the area's only treatment facility for opioid addicts seeking recovery.
In a ceremony before 100 local, county and state officials at the sheriff's department's Western Massachusetts Recovery and Wellness Center on Mill Street, Cocchi said his department will soon have a total of 86 beds available in Springfield and Ludlow available for treatment.
"This is a big day," Cocchi said. "Today is when we punch back at this epidemic that is ravaging the county, state and country."
The services will be available for addicts who are voluntarily committed under Section 35 of the state law, and not those who have been arrested and sentenced for a crimminal offense.
At present, the only such treatment facility for the entire state is a 250-bed facility in Plymouth.
The new treatment facility, called the Stonybrook Stabilization and Treatment Centers of Ludlow and Springfield, will be housed at the Hampden County Correctional Center in Ludlow and the wellness center on Mill Street.
There will be 54 beds available at the county jail for people in the initial stages of treatment, and another 32 beds at Mill Street for those who graduate to more advanced treatment.
Cocchi said his plan is to expand the number of beds to meet the need for treatment.
Also, the facility is only intended for men, not women.
Cocchi said this is due to restrictive wording in state law that forbids placement of Section 35 treatment services for women at a correctional facility. He said he is hoping to have the law amended.
This is a developing story and more information will be added later.
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge Pause
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of his wife
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of his wife
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
0:58 Little Rebekah is Manatee's first baby of 2017
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
2:22 All-Area Boys Swimmer of the Year T.C. Smith discusses the honor
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
Feb 2(Reuters) - Sony Corp
* Says current CEO Kazuo Hirai will become chairman of the company
* Says current CFO Kenichiro Yoshida will become CEO of the company
* Says Hiroki Totoki will become CFO of the company
* Effective April 1
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/7WKvGU
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from The Eunice News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
A writer has filed suit against Codeblack Enterprises, alleging that the Will Ferrell-Kevin Hart comedy “Get Hard” was based on his idea.
Victor Dean says that in 2009, he wrote a treatment for “Prison 101,” which features a securities broker who has to learn how to survive prison from a “streetwise individual.” Dean says he pitched the idea to Codeblack, a division of Lionsgate that has worked closely with Hart. Dean alleges that he suggested that Hart and Ferrell could co-star. In 2012, Dean turned the idea into a four-episode web series.
Ferrell and Adam McKay subsequently developed “Get Hard” at Warner Bros., and Hart was brought in to co-star in the project.
The suit alleges that Codeblack “allowed McKay access to Prison 101 at the Codeblack offices by acts including… telling McKay about the ideas and storylines in ‘Prison 101' and/or showing McKay Plaintiff's YouTube videos.”
Jeff Clanagan, CEO of Codeblack, has been said the lawsuit is “ridiculous.”
“This was a Warner Bros. movie,” he said. “I have nothing to do with ‘Get Hard.' I have no connection to it… This guy is really reaching.”
“He'd have to prove the writers of ‘Get Hard' somehow got the treatment. I don't even know who the writers from ‘Get Hard' were.”
Clanagan is a business partner of Hart's. Hart was not a producer on “Get Hard,” and Clanagan said he has personally received nothing from the film.
“Maybe he does have a similar idea, but a prison-themed comedy is not rocket science,” Clanagan added. “There are a bunch of ideas like that.”
Dean is pursuing claims of breach of confidence, conversion and unfair business practices. He is seeking economic and punitive damages, as well an order that Codeblack destroy any copies of the “Prison 101” treatment still in its possession.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - B-Lot Co Ltd
* Says it was listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) First Section from TSE Mothers, on Feb. 2
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/dfmknu
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
The new Blade Runner sequel will return us to a world where sophisticated androids made with organic body parts can match the strength and emotions of their human creators. As someone who builds biologically inspired robots, I'm interested in whether our own technology will ever come close to matching the “replicants” of Blade Runner 2049.
The reality is that we're a very long way from building robots with human-like abilities. But advances in so-called soft robotics show a promising way forward for technology that could be a new basis for the androids of the future.
From a scientific point of view, the real challenge is replicating the complexity of the human body. Each one of us is made up of millions and millions of cells, and we have no clue how we can build such a complex machine that is indistinguishable from us humans. The most complex machines today, for example the world's largest airliner, the Airbus A380, are composed of millions of parts. But in order to match the complexity level of humans, we would need to scale this complexity up about a million times.
There are currently three different ways that engineering is making the border between humans and robots more ambiguous. Unfortunately, these approaches are only starting points and are not yet even close to the world of Blade Runner.
There are human-like robots built from scratch by assembling artificial sensors, motors, and computers to resemble the human body and motion. However, extending the current human-like robot would not bring Blade Runner-style androids closer to humans, because every artificial component, such as sensors and motors, are still hopelessly primitive compared to their biological counterparts.
There is also cyborg technology, where the human body is enhanced with machines such as robotic limbs and wearable and implantable devices. This technology is similarly very far away from matching our own body parts.
Finally, there is the technology of genetic manipulation, where an organism's genetic code is altered to modify that organism's body. Although we have been able to identify and manipulate individual genes, we still have a limited understanding of how an entire human emerges from genetic code. As such, we don't know the degree to which we can actually program code to design everything we wish.
Soft robotics: a way forward?
But we might be able to move robotics closer to the world of Blade Runner by pursuing other technologies and, in particular, by turning to nature for inspiration. The field of soft robotics is a good example. In the last decade or so, robotics researchers have been making considerable efforts to make robots soft, deformable, squishable, and flexible.
This technology is inspired by the fact that 90% of the human body is made from soft substances such as skin, hair, and tissues. This is because most of the fundamental functions in our body rely on soft parts that can change shape, from the heart and lungs pumping fluid around our body to the eye lenses generating signals from their movement. Cells even change shape to trigger division, self-healing and, ultimately, the evolution of the body.
The softness of our bodies is the origin of all their functionality needed to stay alive. So being able to build soft machines would at least bring us a step closer to the robotic world of Blade Runner. Some of the recent technological advances include artificial hearts made out of soft functional materials that are pumping fluid through deformation. Similarly, soft, wearable gloves can help make hand grasping stronger. And “epidermal electronics” has enabled us to tattoo electronic circuits onto our biological skins.
Softness is the keyword that brings humans and technologies closer together. Sensors, motors, and computers are all of a sudden integrated into human bodies once they became soft, and the border between us and external devices becomes ambiguous, just like soft contact lenses became part of our eyes.
Nevertheless, the hardest challenge is how to make individual parts of a soft robot body physically adaptable by self-healing, growing, and differentiating. After all, every part of a living organism is also alive in biological systems in order to make our bodies totally adaptable and evolvable, the function of which could make machines totally indistinguishable from ourselves.
It is impossible to predict when the robotic world of Blade Runner might arrive, and if it does, it will probably be very far in the future. But as long as the desire to build machines indistinguishable from humans is there, the current trends of robotic revolution could make it possible to achieve that dream.
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.
Image Credit: Dariush M / Shutterstock.com
Jan. 2, 1974: Nixon sets speed limit
President Richard Nixon signed the Emergency Highway Energy Conservation Act, setting a new national speed limit.
Reacting to the West's support of Israel in the Yom Kippur War, Arab members of OPEC stopped shipments of oil to the United States, sending the economy into a recession. In response to the embargo, the act was intended to force Americans to drive at speeds deemed more fuel efficient, thereby curbing the U.S. appetite for foreign oil. The embargo was lifted in March 1974, but gas prices remained high. The speed limit law was repealed by Congress in 1995.
(Source: History.com)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. senators are pressing many of the world's largest financial institutions to disclose any links between their companies and wealthy Russians allied with Russian President Vladimir Putin, according to a letter released on Tuesday.
Senator Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH) speaks about U.S. President Donald Trump's decision not to impose sanctions on Russia during a media briefing on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., January 30, 2018. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Two Democratic senators, Jeanne Shaheen and Sheldon Whitehouse, have written to the banks, hoping to increase pressure not just on individuals on the U.S. Treasury's so-called “oligarchs list,” but also on financial institutions to closely consider those with whom they do business as Washington moves to impose sanctions on Moscow.
The Trump administration announced sanctions on Russia on April 6, largely responding to what U.S. intelligence agencies have said was Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election, although Treasury painted them as a response to a series of adversarial actions by Moscow.
Russia denies meddling in the election.
The letter was sent to three large U.S. banks - Bank of America Corp (BAC.N), JPMorgan Chase (JPM.N) and Citibank [C.UL] - as well as Europe-based Barclays (BARC.L), Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE), UBS (UBSG.S), HSBC (HSBA.L) and Credit Suisse (CSGN.S).
As part of sweeping sanctions legislation President Donald Trump signed into law in August, the U.S. Congress required Treasury to create a list of wealthy Russians - the “oligarchs” - with ties to the government who might later be targeted with sanctions such as asset freezes or denial of visas.
“Given their wealth and relationship to the Russian state, many oligarchs in Russia either wield or are susceptible to considerable political influence,” the two senators said in the letter, seen by Reuters, which also said oligarchs have used their wealth to shield the state from sanctions.
The letter asked each bank whether it had, within five years, conducted a review to determine if it had any accounts controlled by anyone on the list released on Jan. 29 of oligarchs or senior Russian political figures.
If so, it asked for information about the review and any findings. If a bank had not conducted a review, the letter asked what was done to identify activity between the institution and listed Russians.
A JPMorgan Chase spokesman said the company had received the letter and was reviewing it. A Barclays spokesman declined comment. Staff at the other institutions did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
If the banks do not provide the information, the senators plan to seek potentially more intrusive action, such as a government investigation.
Aug 10, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Jason Day tees off on the 14th hole during the first round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Mandatory Credit: Michael Madrid-USA TODAY Sports
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - For Jason Day, the scene at the 18th was a flashback to his youth, and the boyish hug he gave Dustin Johnson as they hurried down the fairway was pure joy over sneaking in a last hole as darkness fell.
Day, Johnson and playing partner Henrik Stenson hurried through just after the horn sounded to suspend play for the day due to failing light in the weather-interrupted second round.
Johnson hustled into position at the 18th tee to hit a tee shot for the group, which allowed them to complete the hole and avoid having to return early on Saturday to finish.
Day threw his arm around the neck of world number one Johnson and laughed in glee as they rushed down the fairway.
"On 17 I was off the green. And we were walking up, and we were talking about like if we can get a tee shot on 18 we could finish the round. And DJ is like, 'I'll do it.'
"As soon as he teed off we all kind of flushed it down 18," said Day, who ran down the fairway to save time. "And I just walked up to him and said, 'That's the biggest, or most clutch thing I've ever seen anyone do for me'.
"I had to give him a hug for it. He was happy, as well. Obviously to be able to finish and not have to wake up at 5:30 (A.M.) tomorrow, get some rest."
Added Day: "I do remember finishing in the dark a lot when I was a kid, not thinking that I was going to be running down the 18th hole at a major championship."
At the ninth hole, Rod Pampling took a similar course of action but with a different result. The Australian raced to the tee and took a wild swipe at the ball, slashing it left into trees in order to beat the horn.
Pampling was not that upset, however, as he had no chance of making the cut. He finished on 14-over-par, the same score as playing partner Thomas Pieters, while Xander Schauffele, the other member of the group, was one shot better on 13-over.
All three players finished with a double bogey on the hole.
"We really want to work with our owners to accelerate the pace of renovations and the quality of the restaurant image in Canada," Swartz said.
"We're really encouraged by the initial results that we've had, both quantitative and qualitative, in testing with our guests."
RBI's previously announced $700-million renovation plan to spruce up its restaurants is one of the factors in its feud with GWNFA, which claims to represent more than? half of all the franchisees.
The franchisees say that the company has effectively changed the rent and royalty structure by saddling franchisees with increasing costs and requiring them to renovate stores at their own expense.
The dissident franchisee group was quick to point out it believed the plan was ill-conceived and would cost individual restaurant owners about $450,000.
During the conference call, however, Swartz said "we have managed to increase average franchise profitability in Canada by a significant amount since we first acquired Tim Hortons."
The company, which keeps its books in U.S. dollars, earned US$147.8 million or 59 cents per diluted share for the quarter ended March 31. That compared with a profit of $50.2 million or 21 cents per diluted share a year ago. Revenue totalled $1.25 billion, up from $1 billion in the same quarter last year.
On an adjusted basis, Restaurant Brands, which also owns Burger King and Popeyes, says it earned 66 cents per share for the quarter, up from 36 cents per share a year ago.
Analysts on average had expected a profit of 56 cents per share, according to Thomson Reuters
Companies in this story: (TSX:QSR)
By The Canadian Press
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Northwest Healthcare Properties Reit :
* NORTHWEST HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST ANNOUNCES SIGNIFICANT ACQUISITION, DISPOSITION, AND REFINANCING ACTIVITY AND TIMING OF FOURTH QUARTER 2017 RESULTS
* TO BUY THREE GERMAN MEDICAL OFFICE PROPERTIES AND TWO GERMAN POST-ACUTE CARE HOSPITALS AND FIVE HOSPITALS FOR C$314M​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Kidbox, a clothing-in-a-box startup aimed at a slightly younger crowd than StitchFix, has raised $15.3 million in Series B funding to expand and scale its business.
The round was led by Canvas Ventures, and includes participation from existing investors Firstime Ventures and HDS Capital, as well as new strategic partners Fred Langhammer, former CEO of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc., and The Gindi Family, owners of Century 21 department stores.
To date, Kidbox has raised $28 million.
The company was founded in October, 2015, then shipped its first box of clothing out of beta testing during the back-to-school shopping season the next year.
Similar to StitchFix, Kidbox also curates a selection of around half a dozen pieces of clothing and other accessories (but not shoes), which are based on a child's “style profile” filled out online by mom or dad. The profile asks for the child's age, sizes, and questions about the child's clothing preferences – like what colors they like and don't like, as well as other styles to avoid – like if you have a child who hates wearing dresses, for example, or one who has an aversion to the color orange.
“Those answers feed into a proprietary algorithm – we're very data science and tech focused,” explains Kidbox CEO Miki Berardelli. “That algorithm hits up against our product catalog at any given moment, and presents to our human styling team the perfect box for – just as an example, a size 7 sporty boy. And from there, the styling team looks at the box that's been served up, the customer's history, if they're a repeat customer, the customer's geography, and any notes [the customer] added to their account,” she says.
The box is then put together and shipped to the customer.
Berardelli previously worked at Ralph Lauren, Tory Burch, and was President of Digital Commerce for Chico's (Chico's, White House Black Market, and Soma). She joined Kidbox in September 2016, after meeting founder Haim Dabah while he was searching for Kidbox's CEO.
“It resonated with me as a consumer, as an early adopter of all things digital, and as a multi-time operator of e-commerce businesses,” she says, of why she decided to join the startup.
Today, Kidbox's boxes are sent out seasonally for spring, summer, back-to-school, fall and winter. However, unlike StitchFix, Kidbox isn't a subscription service – you can skip boxes at any time, and you're not charged a “styling fee” or any other add-on fees.
However, if you keep the full box, Kidbox donates a new outfit to a child in need through a partnership with Delivering Good, a nonprofit that allows customers to choose the charity to receive their clothing donation.
At launch, Kidbox carried around 30 kid's brands. It's since grown its assortment to over 100 brands for kids ages newborn through 14, including well-known names like Adidas, DKNY, 7 for All Mankind, Puma, Jessica Simpson, Reebok, Diesel, and others.
Kidbox launches its own private labels
With the next back-to-school box, Kidbox will insert its own brands into the mix. The company will be launching multiple private labels across all ages, and every box will get at least one own-label item. The brands will include everything from onesies for babies to graphic tees to denim to basics, and more.
“We believe we've identified a void in the children's apparel marketplace,” notes Berardelli. “The style sensibility of our exclusive brands will all have a unique personality, and a unique voice that's akin to how our customers describe themselves. It's all really based on customer feedback. Our customers tell us what they would love more of; and our merchandising team understands what they would like to be able to procure more of, in terms of rounding out our assortment,” she says.
On a personal note, a customer of both Kidbox and Rockets of Awesome, two of the leading kid box startups, what I appreciate about Kibox is the affordable price point – the whole box is under $100 – and its personal touches. Kidbox ships with crayons and a pencil-case for kids, and the box is designed for kids to color. It also includes a print edition of its editorial content, and sometimes, there's a small toy included too.
Kidbox rival Rockets of Awesome is a little pricier, I've found, but has some unique pieces that make it worth checking out, as well.
With the new funding, Kidbox aims to further invest in its technology foundation, its data science teams, its own labels, its customer acquisition strategy and marketing.
The company doesn't disclose how many customers it has or its revenues. Instead, it notes that the Kidbox “community” – which includes fluffy numbers like Facebook Page fans and people who signed up for emails – is over 1.2 million. So it's hard to determine how many people are actually buying from Kidbox boxes.
Kidbox has potential in a market where brick-and-mortar retailers are closing their doors, and e-commerce apparel is on the upswing. But it – like others in the space – faces the looming threat posed by Amazon. The retailer has also just launched its clothing box service, Prime Wardrobe, which includes kids' clothing.
“Kidbox is at the head of a trend that sees a world in which every person will have their own personalized storefront for literally anything — be it kids clothing, furniture, or weddings,” says Paul Hsiao, General Partner at Canvas Ventures, about the firm's investment. Hsiao has also led investments in Zola and eporta while at Canvas, and in Houzz while at NEA.
“Kidbox is growing at atypically high multiples. I think it is because of their deep connection with their customers – the kids, the parents, and grandparents,” Hsiao continues. “The Kidbox Team is also remarkable at logistics. Sounds boring, but ecommerce is fundamentally a logistics business,” he adds.
Kidbox is currently a team of 35 based in New York.
JONES MILLS, Pa. — A Pennsylvania man says he used flashing dashboard lights to mimic a police speed trap — but only so he could slow down vehicles speeding past his rural home and killing deer and endangering people.
Fifty-seven-year-old Ricky McMillen tells WPXI-TV (http://bit.ly/2z3i8zF ) that he used the flashing lights on his car because he's been complaining about speeders for years and getting few results. What he says he has gotten is very smelly deer carcasses along the road in Donegal Township, about 50 miles southeast of Pittsburgh.
State police charged McMillen on Thursday with impersonating a public servant and displaying improper lights.
McMillen says he's been using the lights for a while and they've worked well.
(Adds details of tax, Lufthansa share price)
BERLIN, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Negotiators for a new grand coalition between Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives and Germany's Social Democrats plan to progressively abolish the country's air transport tax, according to a working paper seen by Reuters on Friday.
The tax is levied on ticket prices and costs between 7 and 40 euros ($8.74-49.96) depending on the distance flown.
The government collects over 1 billion euros a year from the tax, with over half the total paid by German airlines, including Lufthansa, Germany's largest carrier.
“We want to gradually abolish the air transport tax in this legislative period,” the paper said.
Lufthansa shares turned slightly positive after the report, making them one of only two gainers on a 1.3 percent weaker DAX indexes at 1148 GMT.
The BDL aviation association, which represents the interests of the airline industry, declined to comment on the coalition negotiations. It has previously called for the tax to be abolished.
ASUNCION (Reuters) - The No. 2 finisher in Paraguay's presidential election said on Tuesday he had evidence of fraudulent voting and demanded a recount of ballots while the president-elect said he may try to change the constitution to allow reelection of future leaders.
Supporters of Paraguay's newly-elected President Mario Abdo Benitez of the Colorado Party celebrate in Asuncion, Paraguay April 22, 2018. REUTERS/Jorge Adorno
Efrain Alegre, a lawyer from the centre-left GANAR coalition, said on social media that the country's official elections tribunal was too quick to announce that Mario Abdo of the conservative Colorado Party won the election.
“We already have very clear samples of fraud that we are going to denounce case by case,” Alegre said. “We are going to participate in the recount.”
International observers who monitored Sunday's election reported no major irregularities. Abdo, a 46-year-old former senator who campaigned on an anti-corruption platform, is scheduled to be sworn in as president in mid-August.
With 97.67 percent of ballots counted on Sunday, the tribunal said Abdo won 46.44 percent to Alegre's 42.74 percent. Abdo's Colorado party also appeared to have lost fewer seats in the Senate than expected, possibly emboldening its reform agenda. Official results of the Senate race will be released next month.
Abdo said in an interview with TV channel CNN en Español on Tuesday that he would seek political consensus for a constitutional reform early next year but would not seek reelection himself.
“Within that consensus could be the idea of reelection... but I would not benefit in a direct way from the changes,” he said.
Reelection is a thorny issue in Paraguay. Most presidents of the democratic era have tried to push it unsuccessfully, in many cases unleashing serious institutional crises.
A year ago, protesters reacted to the aspirations of then-president Horacio Cartes, also of the Colarado Party, to extend his mandate by burning part of Congress.
Abdo is the son of the late private secretary of dictator Alfredo Stroessner, who ruled Paraguay for 35 years. Abdo was 16 when Stroessner's rule ended in 1989.
Abdo's conservative policies and family history were a concern to some voters who had doubts about his commitment to clean up government.
Abdo has said on several occasions that he will govern for a single five-year term. The constitutional reform would also include a campaign promise of modifying the country's judicial system, Abdo said.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
LULU GARCIA-NAVARRO, HOST:
In Washington D.C. yesterday, the official temperature reached 91 degrees, a record high in the capital. The heat didn't stop thousands of activists from picking up their banners and signs and taking part in the People's Climate March to protest President Trump's climate policies. NPR's Jim Kane caught up with the marchers outside the White House.
JIM KANE, BYLINE: The thousands of protesters marched along a route very similar to the one that Donald Trump's inaugural parade followed 100 days before, along Pennsylvania Avenue to the White House where the cheering came to and end.
(BOOING)
KANE: The boos quickly turned to chants of shame.
UNIDENTIFIED CROWD: (Chanting) Shame, shame, shame, shame, shame...
KANE: While the marchers took selfies with their banners in hand and the White House in the background, on the other side of the iron fence groups emerging from the White House after a tour of the mansion paused to take selfies with the protesters in the background. Dennis Creech came to D.C. from Atlanta to take part in the march. He said the issue of saving the climate shouldn't be a partisan one.
DENNIS CREECH: Who doesn't want clean air? Who doesn't want clean water? Who does not want abundant nonpolluting energy?
KANE: The demonstration came just one week after a science March. Another rally is planned for May Day. Climate marcher Emily Verna of Washington, D.C., says she doesn't worry that her message is being diluted by one protest after another.
EMILY VERNA: The issues are all related. It's community standing up for each other and standing together. For me, it's a nice way to recharge and just remember that there is this coalition that's big, and we're going to move forward together and that there's a lot of us in the fight.
KANE: Jim Kane, NPR News, Washington. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
CBS Sports analyst Pete Prisco knows a thing or two about the Jacksonville Jaguars, who he occasionally covers through their radio network. In a recent post, he revealed his personal top-100 NFL players list which includes three members of the Jaguars ascending defense, starting with defensive tackle Malik Jackson.
89.) Malik Jackson Jacksonville Jaguars, DT He signed a big deal as a free agent with the Jaguars last season and played to that deal. He didn't get a lot of sacks, but he was a force on their defense.
Despite being labeled as “overpaid” by some, Jackson has been a key part in pushing the interior for the Jaguars defense. His impact will start to surface now that Yannick Ngakoue and Dante Fowler Jr. have a year under their belts and Calais Campbell has joined the group.
80.) Jalen Ramsey Jacksonville Jaguars, CB In a few years, he might be the best corner in the league. He is long and athletic and can run. He doesn't back down from a challenge either.
Ramsey had a solid rookie season and held his own for the most part against the likes of DeAndre Hopkins, Steve Smith and Amari Cooper to name a few. Now that the Jaguars have upgraded their pass rush and added another solid corner in A.J. Bouye, Ramsey will likely see an increase in interceptions.
Last but certainly not least was the Jaguars the highest ranking player Calais Campbell, who the Jaguars spent big on this offseason and will anchor their defense as it's leader.
62.) Calais Campbell Jacksonville Jaguars, DT He had eight sacks and was again a force against the run for the Arizona Cardinals last season. He signed with the Jaguars as a free agent this spring and will be a big part of their defense in 2017.
Campbell will reportedly play all over the line and will join Jackson to make one of the best defensive tackle tandems in the league. Campbell's ability against the run also helps the Jaguars immensely, considering they were the No. 19 ranked defense against the run.
Though he didn't quite make the cut, Jaguars corner A.J. Bouye was also listed in “just missed” category by Prisco.
The 9-year-old boy was “slobbering at the mouth” in a 94-degree car Monday when a Good Samaritan got to him, according to police in Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
When he was discovered around 1 p.m. in a Home Depot parking lot, the boy had been sitting in the sweltering black Nissan Altima in direct sun for 15 to 20 minutes, according to police. The heat index that day hit 94 degrees, FOX 8 reports.
“There's a kid in the car, all of the windows are up,” the Good Samaritan said in a 911 call, which was obtained by FOX. “I got the alarm going 'cause I opened the door.”
The 911 caller said he found the car's rear driver-side door unlocked when he tried to open it. He also said that, when the child was still in the car, he appeared upset and maybe even unconscious or sick, WKYC reports.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
“I don't want to be standing here when the parents come out and I got his kid,” the caller told dispatchers.
The caller and boy waited for police to arrive, WKYC reports. Police found the boy with his hair drenched in sweat, and his face "extremely flushed.” The boy was autistic and seemed “confused about how to get out of the car," News 5 reports.
Paul Bayer, 65 Cleveland Heights Police
As police spoke to the boy, another officer went into the store looking for the child's guardian. Soon 65-year-old Paul Bayer, the boyfriend of the child's mother, ran out of the home improvement store, according to police. Bayer was arrested on child endangerment charges. He apologized for the incident.
"Why did you leave him in the car again?," police asked Bayer in bodycam footage obtained by FOX.
"He got real quiet,” Bayer responded, FOX reports. “I forgot he was with me, I came here for a quick run and I forgot I had him."
The child was treated at the scene and his condition improved. Authorities then returned the child to his 36-year-old mother, News 5 reports. After he was booked, Bayer was released on bond, police said.
But before he was booked, Bayer may have had a heat incident of his own, police said: Bayer had to lie down in the backseat of the squad car, saying he needed a drink of water, Patch reports. Police said Bayer was flushed as well. Bayer eventually was able to sit upright, and was given water at the police station.
Bayer is a bankruptcy attorney, FOX reports.
Police said the incident is a reminder of the dangers of leaving children in hot cars — not to mention children with special needs.
“The body temperature of a child left in a hot car can rise within minutes and this can lead to serious injury and possibly death,” the Cleveland Heights Police Department wrote on Facebook.
HERE are seven of Toowoomba's best, and most expensive, houses on the market right now.
1. 3 Keira Court, Blue Mountain Heights
3 Keira Court, Blue Mountain Heights. Contributed
THIS four bedroom home overlooking views of the Lockyer Valley is on the market for $1.5 million.
The home, called Lumino, is described by agents McGrath as being generous in proportion and nestled in a stunning garden setting on the edge of the escarpment.
3 Keira Court, Blue Mountain Heights. Contributed
Features of the 65 sqm home include four king-sized bedrooms, three bathrooms, atrium-style living room with 27 foot high ceilings, a kitchen capturing 180 degree views and self-contained guest accomodation.
2. 27 Meehan Rd, Wellcamp
121 Tourist Rd, Rangeville. Contributed
DESCRIBED as having size, lifestyle and future capital growth, this Wellcamp home has hit the market for $1.6 million.
The five bedroom, three bathroom home is set on 7.25ha and Ray White agents said it was built sparing no expense with generous proportions for a private family retreat.
27 Meehan Rd, Wellcamp. Contributed
Features of the home include 5m high ceilings, Caesarstone bench tops, entertaining bar area, large covered outdoor area, fruit orchard, herb garden and bird averies and a fenced horse paddock.
3. 5 Nielsen Court, Middle Ridge
3 Nielsen Court, Middle Ridge. Contributed
LOCATED in one of Toowoomba's best suburbs, this Middle Ridge home set on a 4144 sqm block is priced at $1.2 million.
Agents Queensland Hot Property described the home as luxury living with the best of both worlds.
3 Nielsen Court, Middle Ridge. Contributed
The home is set in a quiet cul-de-sac surrounded by native bush land as well as offering the finest in modern living.
Features include a large kitchen, backyard entertainment area, main bedroom with walk-in-wardrobe and grand ensuite as well as a detatched garage that can be turned into a granny flat, games room or office.
4. 8 Panda St, Harristown
8 Panda St, Harristown. Contributed
WHEN you look inside this Toowoomba home it is truly like going back in time, at a price of $1.235 million.
The Smithfield Homestead is an iconic Bluestone residence that was originally by James Markets and Son for the former mayor of Toowoomba - James Taylor.
8 Panda St, Harristown. Contributed
Agents Cloud Real Estate said purchasing the property was an unmissable opportunity to seize a piece of history in a central Toowoomba location.
Features of the home include 4m ceilings, chandeliers, wide verandahs, ballroom and six bedrooms.
5. 6 Sherwood St, Mount Lofty
6 Sherwood St, Mount Lofty. Contributed
THIS Tuscan style home was designed and built by multi award winning builder Jeff Bubeck from Downs Designer Homes and is now on the market for $1.1 million.
Agents from York Realty described the five bedroom and three bathroom home as having a large family rumpus room and breath taking central atrium with cathedral-like 17 foot ceilings.
6 Sherwood St, Mount Lofty. Contributed
Other features of the home include wrought iron stair case, home theatre, outdoor entertainment area, granite kitchen and three-car garages.
6. 25 Margaret St, East Toowoomba
25 Margaret St, East Toowoomba. Contributed
WITH a prime position in Toowomba, this English colonial property is going for offers above $1.195 million.
Agents PRDnationwide said the property, Beccles, was a stunning fusion of architectural and interior design that had been passionately renovated and extended to provide five-star family living.
25 Margaret St, East Toowoomba. Contributed
The house is set on 1212 sqm of terraced gardens with bluestone walls and five separate paved garden areas.
The home also features three seperate living areas, large kitchen with a butler's pantry, polished floors and high ceilings.
7. 121 Tourist Rd, Rangeville
121 Tourist Rd, Rangeville. Contributed
ANOTHER property located in one of Toowoomba's prime areas is currently on the market via expressions of interest.
Agents Webster Cavanagh said the breathtaking 1950s brick residence was set on a magnificent 3035 sqm allotment surrounded by establish gardens in one of Toowoomba's most prestigious locations.
121 Tourist Rd, Rangeville. Contributed
The 267 sqm home features four bedrooms, three bathrooms, multiple living spaces, open-plan kitchen, undercover outdoor entertaining area, in ground floor heating and is only minutes to Picnic Point.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Mangalore Refinery And Petrochemicals Ltd :
* DEC QUARTER PROFIT 9.70 BILLION RUPEES VERSUS PROFIT OF 5.66 BILLION RUPEES LAST YEAR
* DEC QUARTER REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS 174.20 BILLION RUPEES VERSUS 157.41 BILLION RUPEES LAST YEAR Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Every year the number of shows vying for hearts, minds and attention increases exponentially. In the middle of the year, FX Networks chief John Landgraf observed there were already almost 350 scripted series across broadcast, cable, and streaming services, on-track to deliver 500 by year's end — a new record, up from 455 scripted series the previous year.
Related Content Maureen Ryan's 20 Best TV Shows of 2017
With the list ever-growing, and with many audiences committed to completionism with series they previously started years earlier (or just got into, thanks to a binge), there is often very little time in one's day to give new shows a shot. But 2017 wasn't just a time of the most television, it has also been a time of some truly strong television — bold stories that tackle tough topics, come from unique new voices, and/or simply provide some joy and escapism during a tumultuous time.
Here, Variety selects the best new scripted series of 2017.
“Alias Grace” — Netflix
The adaptation of Margaret Atwood's novel, which was based on a true story of a 19th century accused murderer, may have been a period piece in look, but its themes of women's repression and gender politics remains timely, especially given the current entertainment and political landscape. Sarah Polley crafted a six-episode story that always allowed the titular protagonist — the accused — to tell her own story, but followed her as she played different versions of herself and revealed different amounts of information depending on who she was with. The period piece elements and the sensationalism of the crime might draw some in, but the ambiguity of the woman is what truly captivated.
Related Golden Globes Nominations: Streaming Steals the Spotlight Golden Globe TV Nominations Analysis: Spotlight Shines on Newbie Comedies, Netflix
“American Gods” — Starz
Bryan Fuller has a distinct voice and visual style that lends itself to artistic television, but teaming up with Michael Green for this Neil Gaiman-inspired fantastical series is a whole other level. Spanning times, places, and multiple Gods and pop culture icons, the show welcomes viewers through a road trip formula but then expands their minds with imagery and themes. And given that the creators and showrunners have stepped down, and Season 2 will have a different voice, this freshman year is even more special and unique.
“Big Little Lies” — HBO
Visually the premium cabler adaptation of Liane Moriarty's novel of the same name was real estate porn — an aspirational look at the wealthy elite. But the layered nuance of the story from David E. Kelley, the direction of Jean-Marc Valee, and the acting from stars Nicole Kidman, Reese Witherspoon, Shailene Woodley, Laura Dern and Alexander Skarsgard humanized what could have easily been written off at first glance as “first world problems.” Instead, a deep dive into the women's lives behind closed doors revealed secret insecurities, dark domestic abuse and what ultimately turned out to be a very justified murder.
“Big Mouth” — Netflix
Created by Nick Kroll, Andrew Goldberg, Mark Levin, Jennifer Flackett, this animated series dives deeper into the experience of puberty than one might have thought one wanted. But although it is an awkward topic, it is handled with great care and surprise sweetness. Rather than going for gross-out humor, it works to normalize the experience making it almost a teaching tool for those in the midst of the change themselves. The characters are not merely obsessed with sex itself but yearn for understanding, empathy and a more widespread intimacy, which makes it relatable at any age.
“Dark” — Netflix
Baran bo Odar's genre-bending drama starts with a young boy going missing in a small town 33 years after a previous young boy went missing. But more than a mystery of where this boy is, the question is when this boy is, as a mysterious door to other time periods exists in the woods. The mind-bending aspect of the show doesn't stop with time travel, though, as at its heart it is a multi-generational family drama that asks big questions about fate and free will and provides even bolder answers. Pro tip: turn off the English dubbing that Netflix defaults to and watch it in its native German, with the subtitles turned on, for the truest experience.
“Dear White People” — Netflix
Three years ago Justin Simien released an independent film that explored racial tensions at prestigious college, but this year, with that an ever-more-relevant topic, the story was translated into a series. Aside from the important storytelling (one episodic examines how a somewhat privileged young man changes after an unjustified brush with the law), the structure of the show makes it stand out. Each episode is told from a different character's point of view, so while sometimes events repeat, the emotions are always evolving.
“The Deuce” — HBO
“The Wire” is one of the greatest television shows of all time, and while that is a big bar to clear, David Simon (along with George Pelecanos) is following that gritty path with this drama about seedy underbelly of 1970s New York, including its dark nightlife, organized crime and sex work (both on the street and on-screen through the emerging porn industry). However, Simon's sensibility is not to exploit the players but rather shine a light on who they are behind the assumptions made from the positions in which they find themselves, and there is no better example of that here than Maggie Gyllenhaal's Candy, a woman who works as a prostitute but has a true entrepreneurial heart and mind.
“Feud: Bette and Joan” — FX
The first installment of Ryan Murphy's new anthology drama was a masterclass in acting from everyone from leads Jessica Lange and Susan Sarandon to supporting players such as Alfred Molina, Stanley Tucci, and Judy Davis. Although the behind-the-scenes drama depicted was of a Hollywood era gone by, the insecurities of and power dynamics between the players proved timeless. Also, the opening credits sequence alone was artistry at its finest.
“The Handmaid's Tale” — Hulu
When Margaret Atwood's dystopian novel first hit shelves in 1985 there was no way to know just how relevant its themes of misogyny and oppression would be decades later. The show is often heart-wrenching to watch — both scenes of Offred (Elisabeth Moss) and her fellow handmaids' new lives, as well as glimpses into their past lives that were stripped from them — but there is something both powerful and inspiring in the quiet determination of those who refuse to give up or fully give in to the new regime. More than any other series this year, it is haunting in the best possible way.
“The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel” — Amazon
Amy Sherman-Palladino may just have a monopoly on creating fresh, vibrant, fast-talking women who make their audience wish they were their friend. In her new streaming comedy, though, this woman is more than just an affable individual but a woman who represents a whole wave of women out to start over but struggling to do so. Set in the 1950s, the show captures the spirit of the time from its polished wardrobe to its side-eye at women trying to work outside of the home. But the titular heroine doesn't let anything phase her and doesn't mind getting a little sloppy — from just literally letting her hair down to getting arrested for the things she says on-stage. Sherman-Palladino found her voice a long time ago, but watching her new character follow in her footsteps is an inspiring romp for us all.
“Mary Kills People” — Lifetime
Writing about death is never an easy thing, but writing about suicide — let alone assisted suicide — has often been too taboo for television to touch. But with this drama centering on an ER doctor who moonlights as an “angel of death” for terminally ill patients, Tara Armstrong tackles the topic fearlessly — and the heart, care and dignity that such a serious thing warrants. But the show also manages not to be maudlin, and it moves through story quickly to show the ever-evolving complications that come from trying to keep this kind of double life secret from family, as well as the law.
“Mindhunter” — Netflix
The period drama based on the real life early days of criminal profiling starts with a bang — literally — to prove to the audience that write Joe Penhall and director David Fincher are not messing around with the seriousness of the story that is about to unfold. But after that opening moment, the drama slows down to linger with its characters — both the cops and criminals alike — to allow the audience to inside their minds and understand their psychologies in the way the FBI guys are attempting within the show itself. The show sets up more tension than most other dramas, not only in the politics of the time that slowed advancements in careers and protocols, but also in that it offers just a glimpse at a very dark killer to come.
“One Day At A Time” — Netflix
Sometimes what is old is not only new again, it is timeless. Created by Gloria Calderon Kellett and Mike Royce, this updated version of Norman Lear's classic 1970s sitcom depicts the universal themes of multi-generation family (this time around the family is Cuban) while also touching on poignant topics like veterans' rights.
“SMILF” — Showtime
Frankie Shaw is the latest new voice in auteur comedy, and she packed quite a lot of topical commentary into each half-hour episode of her freshman premium cable semi-autobiographical tale. Shaw created a show that explores the complexity of women dealing with various levels of traumas (from past sexual abuse to on-going mental disorders) while also taking a stand for single moms everywhere who are trying to better their lives and their kids' lives while still following their dreams.
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Kingsignal Technology Co Ltd:
* SAYS UNIT PLANS TO ISSUE UP TO 10 BILLION YUAN ($1.51 billion) ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES
* SAYS IT PLANS TO SET UP JV WITH REGISTERED CAPITAL OF 400 MILLION YUAN Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2BtsTQc; bit.ly/2ASH0xw Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.6199 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Nikki Haley, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said on Sunday that any woman who has felt violated or mistreated by a man has every right to speak up, even if she is accusing President Donald Trump.
“Women who accuse anyone should be heard,” Haley said on CBS's “Face the Nation.” “They should be heard, and they should be dealt with.”
Washington has been roiled by sexual misconduct scandals, with accusations leading to the resignations last week of three members of Congress.
The growing wave of women reporting abuse or misconduct has brought down powerful men, from movie producer Harvey Weinstein to popular television personality Matt Lauer.
Haley, discussing that cultural shift, applauded the women who have come forward: “I‘m proud of their strength. I‘m proud of their courage.”
Asked how people should assess the accusers of the president, Haley said, it was “the same thing.”
More than 10 women have accused Trump of sexual misconduct before he was president. While filming a segment of the television program “Access Hollywood,” he talked about kissing and groping women.
United States ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley addresses the U.N. Security Council meeting on the situation in the Middle East, including the Palestine, at the United Nations Headquarters in New York, U.S., December 8, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Trump has denied the misconduct allegations, although he apologized for his comments, which he called “locker room” talk.
White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said on Thursday that sexual harassment allegations against Trump were addressed by the American people when they voted him into office in November 2016.
Asked whether Trump's election settled the matter, Haley said: “That's for the people to decide. I know that he was elected, but women should always feel comfortable coming forward, and we should all be willing to listen to them.”
On Tuesday, voters in the heavily Republican state of Alabama will cast their ballots in a race involving Republican Roy Moore, a former state judge, and Democrat Doug Jones, a former U.S. attorney.
Moore has been accused of sexual misconduct toward women when they were teenagers and he was in his 30s. One woman said he tried to initiate sexual contact with her when she was 14.
Reuters has not independently verified the accusations, which Moore, a conservative Christian, has denied.
Many Republicans, including Alabama's senior U.S. senator, Richard Shelby, have distanced themselves from Moore. But Trump has endorsed him, saying he wants to see the Senate seat stay in Republicans' hands.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SPOILER ALERT: Do not read ahead if you want a completely spoiler-free experience going into “Avengers: Infinity War.”
“Avengers: Infinity War,” a.k.a. “What If Marvel Threw a Superhero Party and Everyone Came?,” feels like a movie that the American Entertainment State had to get out of its system. It's the 19th entry in the Marvel Comics Universe, but it's the first to push to the wall, to the max, to the ultron the notion that the MCU really is a universe: a vast intermeshed thicket of comic-book icons, destined to be an army that's greater (in theory, at least) than the sum of its parts. If, for decades, the metaphor for propulsive blockbuster filmmaking was the “ride,” then watching “Avengers: Infinity War” is like going to a theme park and taking three spins on every ride there.
Set in deep space, and in half a dozen lands (New York, Wakanda, Titan, Knowhere), the film presents a galactic battle for the fate of the universe that throws together the six original Avengers; the follow-up wave of Marvel superheroes who've only recently been given their own origin stories (Black Panther, Dr. Strange, the rebooted Spider-Man); the Guardians of the Galaxy; and a sprinkling of other figures who've been there on the fringes. (I had to scratch my head to remember what Vision's powers are, but he remains the coolest shade of Revlon.) The movie is a knowingly gargantuan Marvel mashup, so jam-packed with embattled uber saviors that you may feel, at times, like all that's missing is Dwayne Johnson, Jesus Christ, and the cast of the last two “Star Wars” films.
More Reviews Tribeca Film Review: 'Call Her Ganda'
So is the movie a jumbled, top-heavy mess of cynical franchise overkill? Sort of like the bloated and chaotic “Avengers: Age of Ultron” taken to the second power? Far from it. It's a sleekly witty action opera that's at once overstuffed and bedazzling. The directors, Anthony and Joe Russo, as they proved in the two “Captain America” sequels, are far more stylish and exacting filmmakers than Joss Whedon, who made the first two “Avengers” films. “Infinity War” is a brashly entertaining jamboree, structured to show off each hero or heroine and give them just enough to do, and to update their mythologies without making it all feel like homework. At the same time, you may begin to lose hold of what made each of these characters, you know, special.
Early on, a donut-shaped alien spaceship lands in midtown Manhattan, allowing the effete Continental sadist Ebony Maw (Tom Vaughan-Lawlor), who's like a kick-ass version of the Ghost of Jacob Marley, to ring-lead some FX street mayhem. Stephen Strange (Benedict Cumberbatch), after trying and failing to match Ebony in wisecracks and firepower, gets sucked into the ship, and it's up to Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) to rescue him, with an assist from Spider-Man (Tom Holland), a pop-culture geek who wonders if he's in the middle of an “Alien” film, and who Tony outfits with anti-gravity armor. Once Tony and Strange are thrown together, you can't help but notice that both are imperious quipsters with matching goatees, and they razz each other exquisitely, the main difference being that Strange keeps forming those light circles that look like they're made out of sparklers. Tony, of course, has his zippy metal power suits, but a number of the other characters do, too, including Bruce Banner (Mark Ruffalo), who after the opening fight spends the entire film trying and failing to call forth his inner Hulk.
“Avengers: Infinity War” can, at times, make it feel like you're at a birthday party where you got so many presents that you start to grow tired of opening them. But taken on its own piñata-of-fun terms, it's sharp, fast-moving, and elegantly staged. It also has what any superhero movie worth its salt requires: a sense that there's something at stake.
The urgency derives, in this case, from the film's villain, Thanos, the malevolent Dark Lord of the wrecked planet Titan, played by Josh Brolin (in a supremely effective motion-capture performance) as a towering armored walking-statue demon with a chin sculpted like Abraham Lincoln's beard, and a demeanor of soft-spoken Nietzschean intelligence. He's like Hellboy, the Hulk, Darth Vader, and Oliver Stone rolled into one eloquent sociopath. Thanos' master plan could hardly be simpler — and neither, despite its gushing river of characters, could the film's storyline. Thanos is on a mission to gather all six of the Infinity Stones (candy-colored gems named for Mind, Soul, Time, Power, Space, and Reality), several of which are in the hands of our heroes (Vision, played by Paul Bettany, has one of them embedded in his forehead). If Thanos succeeds, it would allow him, in a mad instant, to destroy half the beings in the universe.
This seems like the most dastardly of plans, and is. Yet Thanos thinks of himself as a genocidal humanitarian (sort of like Chairman Mao). The universe's resources are limited, and he intends to slice the population in half so that what remains of it can thrive. Brolin infuses Thanos with his slit-eyed manipulative glower, so that the evil in this movie never feels less than personal. It also feels like a force that might just require 20 superheroes to stop it.
At a few key moments, the war really does get personal, as when Thanos is reunited with Gamora (Zoe Saldana), the adoptive stepdaughter he rescued as a girl in the midst of wiping out her planet. She won't give into him now, even when he's got her android half-sister, Nebula (Karen Gillan), suspended and torturously stretched into her metallic body parts. Saldana, in a ripely emotional performance, plays Gamora like a raging refugee from an abusive home, and the resolution of her conflict with Thanos gives “Infinity War” the (rare) moving moment it needs.
Gamora's fellow Guardians, meanwhile, are off doing what they do: saving the cosmos (to the tune of the Spinners' “The Rubberband Man”), but never letting that endeavor get in the way of their ability to take the piss out of each other. The two Marvel franchises come crashing together — literally — when the bloody, barely sentient Thor (Chris Hemsworth) bumps into the windshield of the Guardians' ship. There is much mooning over his muscles (Drax: “It's like a pirate had a baby with an angel!”), which is funny, and so is the rivalrous back-and-forth between Thor and Star-Lord (Chris Pratt), who in contrast to the stentorian stud of Asgard has never seemed more of a dude. He feels like he's got to lower his voice just to keep up with him.
The Guardians split into two factions, with Rocket (Bradley Cooper) and the sulky, video-game-playing adolescent Groot (Vin Deisel) heading off with Thor, who refers to Rocket as “the rabbit.” Then, just when you're sure that the film has more than enough spinning subplots, along comes Steve Rogers, played by Chris Evans in a beard that, frankly, is less becoming to his role than the one sported by Thor. Hemsworth wears his facial hair as a sign of the character's battered-but-unbowed soul, but in Evans' case it looks as if it's not just Rogers but the actor who has grown a bit depressed at the prospect of being Captain America. The team he's leading — he's got Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson) and War Machine (Don Cheadle) in tow — feels like the least exciting, and the most extraneous to the main action.
“Infinity War” brims with tensely spectacular combat sequences, even if the question of who's going to win each one has that extravagantly arbitrary could-Mighty-Mouse-beat-up-Superman? quality. Luminous daggers get plunged into bodies, to no effect. Thor, after meeting with his weapons guru (Peter Dinklage, acting very Shakespeare) and bracing himself against the burning force of a star, gets a new super-hammer — an ax, actually — which is presented as an ultimate tool until it fails, at a crucial moment, to do what we think it's going to do. (The weirdest thing about superhero movies is that they're bombastically physical…and metaphysical. Which often doesn't make sense.) The climax is set in Wakanda, where T'Challa (Chadwick Boseman) doesn't have much to do besides orchestrate a battle against an army of squishy alien beasties. It isn't until the arrival of Thanos that the sequence takes off not just visually but dramatically.
Of all the things that have ever happened in an MCU movie, there will be much chatter about the ending of “Infinity War.” It is dark and spooky and, in its way, chancy and shocking. Do any of our beloved characters die? Well, yes. But, in fact, the ending is so audacious that you realize it's all an elaborate card trick. Despite what it shows us, these movies are rarely about more leading to less. Count on the sequel — due one year from now — to demonstrate that more, in the MCU, will lead only to more.
RELATED CONTENT
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India has raised the price at which the government will buy new-season common rice variety from domestic farmers by 13 percent, a minister said on Wednesday, as the state looks to woo millions of farmers ahead of general elections due early next year.
Women plant rice saplings at a paddy field in a village in Nagaon district, Assam, July 3, 2018. REUTERS/Anuwar Hazarika
India, one of the world's key producers of an array of farm commodities, announces support prices for more than 20 crops each year to set a benchmark.
But state agencies buy only rice and wheat at those prices given a lack of financial resources, limiting the benefit of higher crop prices to only 7 percent of the country's farmers.
The government had fixed last year's rice purchase price for the common variety at 1,550 rupees ($22.63) per 100 kilogrammes. It also raised the support price for a superior rice variety to 1,770 rupees, up from 1,590 rupees last year, Home Minister Rajnath Singh told reporters.
The hike in support prices will not impact on food inflation and the government is confident in reining in rising consumer prices, Singh said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government vowed in February to buy crops at 1.5 times the cost of production, a major shift after keeping the so-called minimum support price in low single digits over the past three years.
Analysts and economists have warned the move could help push up inflation, and with a fiscal deficit, prompt India's central bank to raise interest rates more steeply than expected.
Indian farmers voted overwhelmingly for Modi in the 2014 general election, sweeping him to power with an absolute majority, a first for any political party in 30 years. But his popularity has since faded.
Modi's cabinet also raised the minimum support price for soybean and long staple cotton by 10.3 percent and 20.7 percent to 3,399 and 5,450 rupees, respectively, Singh said.
A farmer gathers saplings to be planted at a paddy field in a village in Nagaon district, Assam, July 3, 2018. REUTERS/Anuwar Hazarika
A state-funded research institute said Wednesday that it has developed new anti-counterfeit technology to create unforgeable laser-induced patterns that can be applied to various products such as watches and checks.
The Korea Institute of Machinery and Materials said it has successfully engraved the micro-sized patterns with a hole that is smaller than 10 micrometers by using two laser beams.
(Ministry of Science, ICT and Future Planning)
So far, it was virtually impossible to create such micro-sized pattern as a laser beam can only be bent to a limited degree, officials said."The new technology, if adopted in real life, can contribute to reducing counterfeit and fake products," said Roh Ji-hwan, a KIMM researcher in charge of the research project, adding that the technology can be applied to various products ranging from expensive watches to golf clubs.The research was funded by the Ministry of Science, ICT and Future Planning. The institute said it has acquired a patent in South Korea and next plans to apply for a patent in the United States. (Yonhap)
Source: Grace Mugabe seeks medical attention – DailyNews Live
Helen Kadirire 13 August 2017
HARARE – First Lady Grace Mugabe has returned to seek medical attention in
South Africa after injuries to her leg persisted, President Robert Mugabe
said.
Speaking at a Gwanda youth rally yesterday, the 93-year-old leader said
Grace had been complaining that the leg was painful. Grace was injured at
the Harare International Airport recently, after Mugabe's chauffeur set
the car in motion before she was properly settled in.
“The first lady unfortunately could not be with us today here because she
is in South Africa at the doctors. She was complaining that the leg she
injured at the airport during the accident was giving her problems. It
seems that the problem is taking time to heal, however, we are expecting
her today if all goes well there,” he said.
The Iowa Department of Revenue started accepting state tax returns for 2017 last week. Department spokesperson, John Fuller, says they're doing some things to try and help you navigate through the process.
“We've created a sort of microsite or site within our bigger website that sort of breaks that down into three easy steps and helps them understand what happens,” Fuller says,”how to file, when to file, what tools are available, things like that.” The website is www.tax.iowa.gov.
Some people might be a little bit apprehensive about filing with all the talk recently about the changes in the federal tax system. Fuller says you shouldn't worry about that.
“Filing state taxes this year will be much the same as it has been in the past. Next year will probably be different. This year there are not a lot of changes,” Fuller says. The Iowa Department of Revenue pushed in the past for people to switch from paper to electronic filing, and Fuller says that' now how a majority of the returns are sent in.
“About 90 percent. I think most people find that it's a little bit easier to do that,” according to Fuller. “A lot of times, whether they use a third-party software company, or go on our site, I think it's just a little easier to navigate through. I think most people are just more comfortable with that.” If you get onto the website and still have some questions, he says the department welcomes phone calls.
“We get a lot of phone calls — obviously depending on what time of day and what time you call — you may have to wait a few minutes. And that phone number is 515-281-3114,” Fuller says. He says they give out some of the same advice every year to Iowa taxpayers on how to make the process go better — and he says it still applies.
“Start early, because you may be missing something that you thought you had. So, avoid waiting to file until the last minute,” Fuller says. “File electronically if you can because it helps avoid mistakes. And take a minute when you are done to just double-check your work.” The deadline to file your Iowa tax returns is April 30th.
Smash hit ITV comedy Benidorm will bring sunshine and smiles with its first ever UK tour coming to Milton Keynes Theatre.
Litten has written an all new set of Alicante escapades for the much-loved cast members, including Jake Canuso (Mateo), Janine Duvitski (Jacqueline), Adam Gillen (Liam), Sherrie Hewson (Joyce Temple-Savage), Shelley Longworth (Sam), and Tony Maudsley (Kenneth) as they swap sangria for the stage next year after a quick spruce at the Blow ‘n' Go!
Benidorm – Live will be the stage debut production of the hugely popular TV show, and on making its transfer, writer Derren Litten said: “I've loved ten years of writing my TV show Benidorm but despite a successful writing career I'm first and foremost a performer so have always been secretly frustrated I couldn't hear the audience's laughter.
"This national tour of Benidorm Live will not only make a long lasting dream come true but will also mean I no longer have to stand in strangers gardens listening at their windows at 9 o'clock on cold winter evenings.”
ITV's smash-hit comedy celebrates a decade of all-inclusive hilarity, having followed the ensemble cast of holidaymakers and staff for nine series since it first broadcast in 2007.
Season 10 is due to broadcast early 2018. Critically acclaimed, Benidorm has received two National Television Awards a TV Quick Award and nominations at the British Comedy Awards and BAFTAs.
After leaving school in Hull in the late 1980's Derren Litten spent a year working as a professional magician whilst auditioning for drama schools. He won a place on the 3 year acting course at the prestigious Central School of Speech and Drama where he met fellow student Catherine Tate.
After 10 years of working as an actor, Derren was asked by Catherine to write for her newly commissioned TV sketch show, The Catherine Tate Show; in which he also appeared in many of the sketches.
After co-writing and appearing in two series and a Christmas Special, Derren was given a script commission by legendary comedy producer Geoffrey Perkins, “just write anything you want as long as it's funny” he said; that show turned out to be ITV's BAFTA nominated hit comedy Benidorm.
Derren's hobbies include drinking and karaoke, usually in that order. He splits his time equally between homes in London and Spain.
Benidorm will visit Milton Keynes Theatre from Monday to Saturday October 15 to 20 next year. Tickets for the show will go on sale from Monday December 4. For further information or to book tickets visit www.atgtickets.co.uk/miltonkeynes or call 0844 871 7652.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Toshiba Corp
* Says Nankai Management Service Co.,Ltd filed a lawsuit against co's unit Toshiba Tec Corp regarding system construction business dispute, claiming compensation of about 16.4 million yen
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/Je6JUd
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
SanDisk's 250GB Extreme Portable SSD is down to $89.99 at Amazon today. This limited-time deal marks the first time it has ever been significantly discounted from its regular price of $100. The 500GB version is also down to a new all-time low price of $125.99 for those who need more storage.
Portable SSDs are relatively new. At least, affordable ones are. This SSD has read/write speeds of 550 MB/s and 500 MB/s respectively. It is dust-resistant, shock-resistant, and water-resistant. The interface is USB 3.1 Type-C with an adapter for Type-A. It works with both Windows and Mac.
At Amazon, close to 70 customers have reviewed this portable SSD with 4.6 out of 5 stars.
See at Amazon
The players within the global iron oxide pigments market are concentrating their efforts on organic growth strategies. The last few years have seen a heightened demand for these pigments which has resulted in players looking to capitalize on this trend. Many companies are also looking for expansion of their manufacturing facilities. For instance Lanxess has encompassed its milling and mixing plant to its existing pigment plant in Ningbo, China. Companies within the market are becoming increasingly responsible towards the environment and therefore many of the companies are producing eco-friendly pigments as well as making use of eco-friendly and cost-effective manufacturing processes, states Transparency Market Research (TMR) in its latest report on the global iron oxide pigments market. Key players operating within the market include: Huntsman Corporation., Cathay Industries, Hunan Three-ring Pigments Co., Ltd., E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, BASF SE, Lanxess AG, and Kronos Worldwide, Inc.
According to TMR, the global iron oxide pigments market is will be worth US$1,951.8 mn by the end of 2025. In terms of type, the demand for synthetic iron oxide pigments will be higher than natural iron oxide pigments on account of their cheaperSpecialty Fertilizers Market rates, good dispersibility, and high tinting strength. In terms of colour type, the red colour pigment will be much more in demand as compared to any other colour, followed by the yellow colour pigment.
Booming Construction Sector in Asia Pacific to Drive Demand for Iron Oxide Pigments
On the basis of geography, the Asia Pacific will lead in the iron oxide pigments market. The region accounted for 43.5% of the market in 2017. In terms of end user, the construction sector will be the largest consumer of iron oxide pigments. The construction industry is thriving all across the globe, and especially in emerging economies of Asia Pacific.
Growing Investments by Governments towards Infrastructure Development Fuelling Demand for Iron Oxide Pigments
As per a TMR analyst, “the rise in the number of construction and infrastructure building activities worldwide, but especially in developing nations, is the primary reason fuelling the demand for iron oxide pigments. The increasing initiatives taken by governments in developing nations for urbanization is also benefitting the market for iron oxide pigments. The investments by governments towards infrastructure development will push the demand for iron oxide pigments. The demand for these pigments will also rise from the plastic industry.
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=17378
Strict Regulations Aimed at Curbing Emissions to Pose a Challenge for Market
Iron oxide pigments have various beneficial properties such as improved colour strength, weather resistance, chemical resistance, light stability, improved durability, opacity, and heat stability. They also boost physical and mechanical properties of substrates. All these factors are expected to continue to boost the demand for these pigments in the years to come. On the other hand, the growing number of strict regulations aiming to curb emissions and reduce soil pollution will impact the market in a negative manner.
About us:
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations.
Contact us:
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
The players within the global iron oxide pigments market are concentrating their efforts on organic growth strategies. The last few years have seen a heightened demand for these pigments which has resulted in players looking to capitalize on this trend. Many companies are also looking for expansion of their manufacturing facilities. For instance Lanxess has encompassed its milling and mixing plant to its existing pigment plant in Ningbo, China. Companies within the market are becoming increasingly responsible towards the environment and therefore many of the companies are producing eco-friendly pigments as well as making use of eco-friendly and cost-effective manufacturing processes, states Transparency Market Research (TMR) in its latest report on the global iron oxide pigments market. Key players operating within the market include: Huntsman Corporation., Cathay Industries, Hunan Three-ring Pigments Co., Ltd., E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, BASF SE, Lanxess AG, and Kronos Worldwide, Inc.
According to TMR, the global iron oxide pigments market is will be worth US$1,951.8 mn by the end of 2025. In terms of type, the demand for synthetic iron oxide pigments will be higher than natural iron oxide pigments on account of their cheaperSpecialty Fertilizers Market rates, good dispersibility, and high tinting strength. In terms of colour type, the red colour pigment will be much more in demand as compared to any other colour, followed by the yellow colour pigment.
Booming Construction Sector in Asia Pacific to Drive Demand for Iron Oxide Pigments
On the basis of geography, the Asia Pacific will lead in the iron oxide pigments market. The region accounted for 43.5% of the market in 2017. In terms of end user, the construction sector will be the largest consumer of iron oxide pigments. The construction industry is thriving all across the globe, and especially in emerging economies of Asia Pacific.
Growing Investments by Governments towards Infrastructure Development Fuelling Demand for Iron Oxide Pigments
As per a TMR analyst, “the rise in the number of construction and infrastructure building activities worldwide, but especially in developing nations, is the primary reason fuelling the demand for iron oxide pigments. The increasing initiatives taken by governments in developing nations for urbanization is also benefitting the market for iron oxide pigments. The investments by governments towards infrastructure development will push the demand for iron oxide pigments. The demand for these pigments will also rise from the plastic industry.
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=17378
Strict Regulations Aimed at Curbing Emissions to Pose a Challenge for Market
Iron oxide pigments have various beneficial properties such as improved colour strength, weather resistance, chemical resistance, light stability, improved durability, opacity, and heat stability. They also boost physical and mechanical properties of substrates. All these factors are expected to continue to boost the demand for these pigments in the years to come. On the other hand, the growing number of strict regulations aiming to curb emissions and reduce soil pollution will impact the market in a negative manner.
About us:
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations.
Contact us:
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
Office of Government Ethics Director Walter Shaub Jr. is calling on the chairman of House Oversight Committee to become more engaged in overseeing ethics questions in the Trump administration.
In an interview with NPR on Monday, Shaub said public inquiries and complaints involving Trump administration conflicts of interest and ethics have been inundating his tiny agency, which has only advisory power.
"We've even had a couple days where the volume was so huge it filled up the voicemail box, and we couldn't clear the calls as fast as they were coming in," Shaub said. His office is scrambling to keep pace with the workload.
But while citizens, journalists and Democratic lawmakers are pushing for investigations, Shaub suggested a similar level of energy is not coming from the House Oversight Committee, which has the power to investigate ethics questions, particularly those being raised now about reported secret ethics waivers for former lobbyists serving in the Trump administration.
Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz, a Utah Republican, has "authority to investigate these things and compel responses, so hopefully we'll see some action from him," Shaub said.
"OGE, however, has no investigative authority, so we're limited as to what we can do if these waivers are not being released publicly," he said.
Chaffetz' office said he had no comment.
The New York Times, in collaboration with ProPublica, published a story on Saturday saying Trump has been filling the White House and federal agencies with former lobbyists, lawyers and consultants, and has been generously waiving ethics requirements without even posting the waiver information on the Government Ethics website.
But while Chaffetz has generally been quiet on Trump-related ethics issues, the public has been hammering OGE with questions and complaints.
How big is the jump in public contacts, such as calls, letters and emails? During the six months between October 2008 and March 2009, as the Obama presidency was taking shape, the OGE got 733 contacts.
During the October 2016 to March 2017 period, it got 39,105 contacts from citizens — an increase of 5,235 percent.
Comparing those same two time periods, the number of Freedom of Information Act requests — typically from journalists and public-interest groups — shot up to 280 from 39. That's an increase of 618 percent.
Shaub said that, for example, when a top Trump adviser recommended certain fashion lines on Fox & Friends, the public outcry and media interest rocketed up.
"When Kellyanne Conway had endorsed Ivanka Trump's product line, our phones rang off the hook, and they practically melted the system," he said. "This is a level of attention that we haven't seen before in terms of public interest."
Shaub said Trump is correct when he says, as he did back in January, that presidents technically are not covered by law from having conflicts of interest. "I have a no-conflict situation because I'm president," Trump said at the press conference. He added, "I didn't know about that until about three months ago, but it's a nice thing to have."
There are ethics rules that do apply to members of his administration, though. Those are the ones keeping Shaub's small staff busy, according to the director.
"When you get 39,000 calls coming into a 71-person agency, the best they can do is log the calls," he said.
The statistical analysis, comparing the Obama and Trump eras, have not previously been released. Shaub says his office is "understaffed right now," compared with the massively increased workload involving FOIA requests and the congressional requests, coming mostly from Democrats. "I've never seen anything like this," he said.
Still, the office is keeping up with the advisory work — trying to guide Trump appointees on ethics laws and suggesting solutions to conflicts of interest they may face. Other routine business, such as doing staff training or writing new guidelines, has been put on hold as the staff focuses on moving along Trump staffers, he said.
AKP Phnom Penh, May 30, 2018 – Newly appointed Thai Ambassador H.E. Panyarak Poolthup, paid a courtesy visit to Samdech Akka Moha Sena Padei Techo Hun Sen, Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Cambodia, at the Peace Palace in Phnom Penh this morning.
According to H.E. Eang Sophalleth, Assistant to the Cambodian premier, in the meeting, Samdech Techo Hun Sen expressed his pride at the current relations between the two neighbouring nations.
Full story: NNT
Reporter: Paphamon Arayasukawat,
Rewriter: Rodney McNeil
National News Bureau of Thailand
Manatee School Board Chairman Scott Hopes, left, talks to community activist Norm Nelson, right, during a December board meeting. At center is school board member Gina Messenger. Richard Dymond rdymond@bradenton.com
Amazon Web Services says it will launch a second dedicated cloud compute facility for the US government early next year.
The more profitable part of Amazon's empire said the facility will serve government agencies and the contractors who work with them as a US East regional instance. It will go live in 2018 and, like its counterpart on the west coast, the exact location will not be released, for security reasons.
The GovCloud program was launched by AWS in 2011 to provide a hosted cloud facility that could also comply with the strict security and regulation adherence that government agencies require of their IT projects. The GovCloud service is closed to the general public and is designed to comply with, among other things, the Department of Defense, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and international arms traffic regulations.
AWS said that a second facility will not only add to the overall capacity of GovCloud, but will also for the first time allow agencies and contractors to operate in multiple regions. That carries a number of advantages, including improved latency from having a shorter physical trip to storage, redundancy from having backups on demand in another facility, and disaster recovery options should the actual data center building itself be taken out of service.
The US government has for the better part of a decade been using cloud migration as one of the strategies to cut down on its costly appetite for data center sprawl and to reduce IT costs overall.
That transition has, however, been a slow process. As a report from Nextgov notes, many agencies – particularly in the defense sector – are taking heat for being slow to adopt their prescribed IT reforms.
This could provide AWS with yet another selling point as it tries to drum up business for the new cloud facility. It could take a slice of the potentially billions of dollars in business that might come up for grabs, both from the agencies themselves and the contractors who will bid on the new IT contracts and then look to GovCloud as a host for those projects. ®
At the time of creation of Pakistan it was perceived that the new state would provide social justice and financial equality to its citizens but this dream did not come true .The ruling class is becoming richer day by day while it is becoming harder for common man to meet the both ends. Majority of people have no civil rights. They are deprived of basic needs of life i.e. adequate food, water, energy, security and employment. The harsh fact is that all governments, whether democratic or military, always play with statistics and tell the nation that we are better off under their regime than the previous ones. Instead of providing justice, improving economic conditions of the masses and decreasing class difference in society, they are busy in finding legs to stand upon their lies as truth.
It is also a bitter reality that every third Pakistani citizen is living below the poverty line. According to SDPI's study 36% in Balochistan, 23% in Sindh, 22% in KP and 19% in Punjab are trapped in the clutches of poverty.
In all the fields of life there is dual system one for upper class and second for common people. For instance there are private educational institutions and nursing homes, for wealthy people, equipped with modern facilities while on the other hand government schools, colleges and hospitals are not more than a stigma in the name of facilities.
The life whether in villages or cities is not less than a torment for people. In rural areas farmers are slaves of landlords they cultivate the land but have no share in the earning, while in cities different mafias have made the people hostage. Hoarding, adulteration of food, land grabbing and extortion is common in urban areas. These crimes are increasing day by day because gangsters have political support therefore the majority of citizens find no way to secure themselves against influential criminals.
Merit and rule of law are essential elements for social justice. Jinnah was staunch supporter of rule of law and deadly against nepotism. Once he said “… the evil of nepotism and jobbery … must be crushed relentlessly” while in Pakistan there exists no merit the concept of supremacy of law is dream for citizens. It is a common practice in Pakistan that the powerful go unpunished even if involved in heinous crimes because there are loopholes in our justice system while poor are compelled to face the punishment of those sins they don't commit. Due to bad condition of civil rights last year Pakistan was placed on number four in the list of the worst countries.
If we want that Jinnah's dream about Pakistan may come true we will have to eliminate VIP culture and for this purpose we will have to take some concrete steps. For instance it should be mandatory for ministers, MP's and high officials that they will enrol their children in government schools and colleges similarly they and their families should not be allowed to go abroad for treatment. MP's pay should be the same as that of ordinary government servants. Public access to high officials should be made easy. Judicial system should be overhauled and number of judges must be increased so that speedy justice may become possible.
ASIM IQBAL
Rawalpindi
Related
KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine will provide protection to the Russian journalist who was the target of an assassination plot by the Russian security services, President Petro Poroshenko said on Wednesday.
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko, who was reported murdered in the Ukrainian capital on May 29, attends a news briefing by the Ukrainian state security service in Kiev, Ukraine May 30, 2018. REUTERS/Valentyn Ogirenko
Ukraine said it had foiled a plot to kill Kremlin critic Arkady Babchenko, who was declared murdered and then later turned up alive in the middle of a press briefing about the killing. Russia said Ukraine had used Babchenko as a propaganda tool.
“Ukrainian law enforcement agencies are becoming stronger every day in countering Russian aggression,” Poroshenko said on Twitter. “It is unlikely that Moscow will calm down — I've given an order to provide Arkady and his family with protection.”
Six games in one week would be a sizable task for any program. Over the weekend, however, Arkansas women's tennis team faced Tennessee State six times in one day.
After a successful outing in the SEC tournament -- Arkansas won its first three matches before a 4-2 loss to Florida on Saturday -- the Razorbacks had a 10-16 record for the season. But the NCAA selection committee will only consider teams with records of .500 or above for at-large berths. To try to solve this quandary, the Razorbacks called Tennessee State and subsequently faced the Tigers six times on Sunday in Nashville, Tennessee.
Yes, six.
The first match started at 8 a.m. The last one began at 7 p.m.
After winning all six matches, Arkansas now has a 16-16 record, good enough for at-large consideration.
The NCAA's selection show for the 64-team women's team tournament is May 1.
NCAA rules for tennis allow teams flexibility with scheduling throughout the season.
"The girls don't get the opportunity to play that caliber of talent very often and the thought of getting to play a bunch of matches against SEC schools was exciting for them," Tennessee State women's coach Monroe Walker told CollegeTennisToday.com. "We spoke to the Arkansas staff over the weekend and they were looking to schedule three or four matches with us if possible and then find another team to play another couple with to give them their six. On Saturday they reached back out to us and said they were unable to find another team to play and wanted to know if we would agree to six."
Arkansas officials did not respond to ESPN's request for comment, and Tennessee State spokeswoman Ashley Fontenot directed ESPN to Tennessee State coach Monroe Walker's interview with CollegeTennisToday.com when asked for comment.
"These will be the only comments that we will be making concerning this issue," Fontenot said.
Per the Tennessean, Tennessee State received $15,000 for the six matches against Arkansas. That's a significant sum. Tennessee State spent $27,652 last year on women's tennis, per U.S. Department of Education data, which means the Tigers made more than half their annual budget off Sunday's matches.
Arkansas spends nearly $300,000 per year on women's tennis.
Tennessee State initially looked like it would end its season with a 13-10 record overall and 1-8 tally in Ohio Valley Conference play. After Sunday, however, the Tigers are now 13-16 -- and ineligible for at-large consideration in the NCAA tournament.
The boys defeated Holy Trinity of Shelton, 52-32, in the championship game.
The St. Mary sixth grade junior varsity boys team won its division title at the 44th annual St. Mary School Milford Basketball Tournament.
By participating in the comments section of this site you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and User Agreement
Oxford County has launched the Solar Oxford Challenge, an initiative that encourages up to 16 local residents or businesses to achieve net-zero electricity.
Net zero can be achieved by reducing electricity consumption and installing photovoltaic (PV) panels to offset energy usage.
“The Solar Oxford Challenge is for anyone that has ever considered installing a solar PV system at their home or business, but have hesitated due to the cost,” said Jay Heaman, Oxford's manager of strategic initiatives. “By cutting initial electricity demand in half and relying on the solar PV system, participants have the potential to reduce their long-term electricity costs while dramatically reducing their carbon footprint.”
Net zero occurs when all of the electricity consumed is equal to or less than the electricity created from a renewable energy resource.
In this case the renewable energy resource is solar panels.
Any homeowner or business owner currently residing in any of Oxford County's eight municipalities can apply to the Solar Oxford Challenge until July 31, 2018. A brochure and application form, along with local lending supports and community contacts can be accessed at www.oxfordcounty.ca/solarchallenge.
hrivers@postmedia.com
Researchers have discovered why most meteorites disintegrate before they reach Earth - and it's all to do with atmospheric pressure.
Previously it was thought that compression of air particles is what causes meteorites to wear away as they make their way down to our planet's surface, but many, like the 2013 Chelyabinsk meteorite that injured over 1,000 people, explode in the atmosphere. New research suggests that air is forcing its way inside the meteorite itself.
The research, published in the journal Meteoritics & Planetary Science, notes that in the last few years of exploration we've discovered that many meteorites aren't solid boulders but instead loose conglomerations of rocks that have glommed together through gravitational attraction.
Porosity rates of up to 20 per cent have been found in some meteorites and this could spell their doom once they hit Earth. As the rocks hit the lower, denser atmosphere air is forced inside the porous meteorites and heats up massively, so that the pressure increase eventually blows the object into tiny fragments.
"There's more going on than what had been thought before," said Jay Melosh, a geophysicist at Purdue University in Indiana. "Bottom line is that the atmosphere is a better screen against small impacts than we had thought."
Doesn't matter
For example, the original Chelyabinsk meteorite would have weighed in at around 12,000 tons. However, scientists were only able to find around five tons of it. While air compression will have burnt or battered material off the meteorite the explosion when it was above the surface may have destroyed a lot more matter.
Melosh and his team modeled the destruction of meteorites using software first developed by Los Alamos National Laboratory to model nuclear reactor explosions. The simulations showed a dense patch of air formed in front of the meteorite, while behind it there was a near vacuum.
This pressure differential forces air through the porous meteorite and the air compression from the body means the air is superheated. The ensuing air expansion can be an explosive combination.
The simulations showed that porous meteorites start to fragment around 46 kilometers (29 miles) up and explosively disassemble at an altitude of around 39 kilometers (24 miles). By contrast, meteorites with low porosity were still going strong until they hit the 36 kilometer (22 miles) up.
This doesn't mean that we can bank on a massive civilization-changing meteorite breaking up before it hits Earth. But it does give hope that smaller objects might not be as devastating as first thought. So no need for a team of maverick offshore drilling grunts. ®
Dec 11 (Reuters) - Ratings firm Fitch upgraded Philippines Long-Term Foreign-Currency Issuer Default Rating to ‘BBB' from ‘BBB-' on Monday, citing continued strong macroeconomic performance and sound policies supporting high and sustainable growth rates.
“There is no evidence so far that incidents of violence associated with the administration's campaign against the illegal drug trade have undermined investor confidence,” Fitch said.
Fitch‍ forecast real GDP growth of 6.8 percent for the Philippines in 2018 and 2019 and said it would maintain its place among the fastest-growing economies in the Asia-Pacific​ region.
Srinagar
Expressing serious concern over the deteriorating situation in valley and rise in social evils in society, Ulema Council patron and Chairman of his faction of Hurriyat Conference Mirwaiz Umar Farooq on Sunday urged various segments of society to come forward and play their role in shaping the society and eradicating various forms of evils which are “rotting Kashmiri society (with) each passing day”.
Addressing a religious gathering at Mughal Masjid, Rainawari in downtown in connection with the Milad-un-Nabi (SAW), Mirwaiz said the real meaning of celebrating Milad is to works towards making a strong, vibrant and evil-free society, based on Islamic values and principles.
He said this can only happen when “we collectively follow the way and footprints of our great Prophet Hazrat Muhammad (SAW) whose teachings guide us in every sphere of life, be it religious, social or political”.
Urging parents to start introspection from their homes, Mirwaiz said each house and its members have to take responsibility in eliminating various forms of social evils which are taking toll on our future generations and are weakening our age old cultures and traditions. He said every Kashmiri must unite against the fast spreading waywardness and immorality in the society
Mirwaiz termed the Rabi-ul-Awal as the sacred month saying it was in this month that the Prophet Muhammad (SAW) arrived in this world to teach the principles of humanity to the entire mankind that was neck-deep into defiance.
Mirwaiz shed light on the Prophet Muhammad's (SAW) life and way of living and asked people especially youth to follow the great teachings of beloved Prophet (SAW) in every sphere of life.—KR
The New York Mets have talked to at least two teams about trading right-hander Matt Harvey this offseason, according to a report in the New York Daily News.
According to the report, the Mets are looking to move Harvey for a reliever.
On Sunday, the first night of the annual MLB Winter Meetings, Mets GM Sandy Alderson told reporters that no player in the organization is untouchable.
Harvey, who was suspended three games last season after failing to show up for a game in May, is eligible for arbitration this winter and then free agency in the fall of 2018.
Harvey, 28, was 5-7 with a 6.70 ERA in 18 starts last season after returning from surgery for thoracic outlet syndrome that cut his 2016 season short. He made only 17 starts that season, going 4-10 with a 4.86 ERA.
He was an All-Star in 2013 when he went 9-5 with a 2.27 ERA, and also pitched well in 2015, finishing 13-8 with a 2.71 ERA.
Harvey made two starts for the Mets in the 2015 World Series after missing the 2014 season following Tommy John surgery.
IF you had said to Simon Woolford at the start of the year he would now be head coach at Huddersfield Giants he would have considered you “bloody mad.”
However, the Australian is at the helm and clearly ready to seize his surprise opportunity with his first task potentially taking the West Yorkshire club to within 80 minutes of Wembley.
Simon Woolford. Picture Bruce Rollinson
Woolford arrived just in time to see Friday's Super League win at Salford – a fourth successive victory – but he formally takes control for his first game as a head coach on Thursday night when they host Catalans Dragons in a Ladbrokes Challenge Cup quarter-final.
He had spent the last two years working as former Huddersfield coach Nathan Brown's right-hand man at Newcastle Knights in the NRL but now, at the age of 43, feels ready to make the most of his first main appointment.
“The last couple of years at the Knights I learned quite a lot about the defensive side of the game – breaking it down and the little intricacies in being a good defensive team,” explained Woolford.
“In getting that knowledge under my belt and experience in the last 18 months, it made me feel I was ready to tackle a head coaching job overseas and as it turned out one came up.
“I must admit if you'd have told me at the start of the year I'd be over here as Huddersfield coach I'd have said you're bloody mad.
“But it's turned out that way and the hierarchy have shown some faith in me so here I am.
“Nathan only had good things to say. He loved Huddersfield. He loved his time here – the club, Huddersfield as a place to live – so he was obviously all positive about the move.
“He gave me a good reference to Richard (Thewlis) and Ken (Davy). He was happy for me and it's great to be here now.”
The former Canberra Raiders hooker, appointed as Rick Stone's successor last month, has already been putting his plans in place via Skype for the last few weeks while visa issues delayed his actual arrival in the UK.
Huddersfield were bottom just recently but the win over Salford saw them rise into the top-eight for the first time this season.
Woolford has worked closely with interim head coach Chris Thorman and fellow Australian Mark Andrews, who operated under Brown at Giants as performance manager and returned for a second spell six weeks ago, to initiate changes.
The results are plain to see with an obvious improvement in their defensive approach but Woolford has also already altered their attacking dynamic.
He moved full-back Jake Mamo to centre, where Jordan Turner instead shifted to stand-off, in turn replacing Jordan Rankin who has returned to No 1.
Giants already look better balanced and he said: “Once I got the job I had a look at how everyone was playing and who'd be best suited in which positions the way we wanted to play.
“That's what I thought would work best. It's important in any team that you keep that spine together and let them play some footy together.
“They'll naturally improve every week and I think they have done a pretty good job so far.
“There's no reason to change that at the moment. We'll stick with it for the short-term.”
Huddersfield have lost in-form second-row Ukuma Ta'ai for at least six weeks with a medial ligament problem but Aaron Murphy returns from concussion tonight and captain Leroy Cudjoe is ready to go after a nine-month lay-off due to his own knee injury.
Catalans are waiting on final clearance to give ex-Parramatta Eels second-row Kenny Evans his debut but Woolford is well aware of many of their former NRL players.
“Greg Bird's still got plenty to offer and Kenny Evans, if he plays, will be a handful,” he said, about opponents who, though 10th in Super League, have won their last three games including Saturday's victory over champions Leeds Rhinos.
“Blokes like David Mead are still at the top of their game. He is quite dangerous. And the full-back (Tony Gigot) is a good player plus Remi Casty and Sam Moa.
“They have quite a strong squad and I am surprised they haven't been better in the front half of the year.
“They will be tough and we need to start well – a lot better than we did against Salford last week – and that's a big focus.
“If we can improve on what we've done over the last month we feel we can get the job done.”
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from The Eunice News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
The banking sector is sufficiently strong that it can withstand a ‘disorderly Brexit' a leading figure at the Bank of England has claimed.
Martin Taylor, external member of the Bank of England's Financial Policy Committee, said that stress tests on the banking sector had showed that it had sufficient reserves to cope with any downturn that may follow a failure between Britain and EU member states to agree a deal on trade.
Speaking exclusively to The Yorkshire Post, Mr Taylor, a former chief executive at Barclays, added that the economies of Northern cities were “transformed” and that the full extent of the success of the region was misunderstood by many in the South.
Mr Taylor said: “The difficulty for us in designing our stress test last year was predicated on the kind of economic shock that we thought would be encompassed by a Brexit that went wrong. That is not to describe the outcome, but just a disorderly failure to agree. We didn't look at specifically through a Brexit lens, we looked at it through the lens of the Government has to pay a lot more for its money and you get a sharp economic downturn, a very sharp rise in unemployment and a big drop in real estate prices.
“The question for us was can the banking system survive and the answer is yes we think it can. It obviously would take a big hit but in terms of capital, they have got so more than they had, at least three times as much, than before the crisis.”
Mr Taylor, born in Lancashire and went to school in Keighley, said the apparent lack of progress in the Brexit talks was inevitable.
What does Britain want out of the Brexit deal?
“We are at a time which is both difficult and in a sense not surprising because the way negotiations of this kind tend to work, particularly with the EU, means a lot of things go at the last minute.
“And because not everything is clear until late, there tends to be a period when you really don't know as much as you ought to. I am very much hoping that the European council meetings coming up now and in three months time will give us a bit more clarity.”
Mr Taylor added that UK business remained amongst the most technologically advanced in the world.
“The British businesses I come into contact are as least as digitally savvy as any in the world, except for the US but that is something we can't take for granted.
The Bank of England
He added that the success of the English football team in the World Cup could affect the economy “probably more important one imagines” adding “these things really do matter”.
NANAIMO, British Columbia (Reuters) - Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau took a tough line on NAFTA on Friday, repeating that he could walk away if he was not happy with talks to modernize a pact the United States contends needs major changes.
“The negotiations are complex and challenging ... I've said many times, we are not going to take any old deal,” Trudeau told a sometimes raucous town hall event in the Pacific province of British Columbia. “Canada is willing to walk away from NAFTA if the United States proposes a bad deal.”
“We will not be pushed around. At the same time we can remain confident about NAFTA,” he said, adding that if Washington walked away from the deal it would be “extremely harmful and disruptive” to both the United States and Canada.
Canada and Mexico are striving to address U.S. demands for NAFTA reform, which they argue threaten the highly integrated North American economy.
On Monday, a senior U.S. trade official rejected proposals for unblocking the negotiations but pledged to seek “breakthroughs,” easing concerns that Washington would soon withdraw from the $1.2 trillion North American Free Trade Agreement. [nL2N1PO1ES]
Trudeau said he did not think U.S. President Donald Trump would pull out of NAFTA, despite slow progress at the talks. [nL2N1PQ75Z]
During the town hall event Trudeau was interrupted by hecklers angry that his Liberal government approved a plan by Kinder Morgan Canada (KML.TO) to increase the capacity of an oil pipeline from Alberta to British Columbia.
Police removed at least three demonstrators, who complained the risk of a spill was too great to allow the project to continue. Trudeau repeated that the pipeline would be built.
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): The Parliamentary Committee on China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) Friday honoured the outgoing Ambassador of China to Pakistan, Sun Weidong with a presentation of a special plaque in recognition of his services to CPEC and strengthening Pakistan-China `all weather friendship'.
During the meeting held here in Parliament House, Chairman of the Committee, Senator Mushahid Hussain Sayed, eulogized the services and contribution of Ambassador Sun Weidong during his four year tenure, marked by the launch and successful implementation of CPEC.
Senator Mushahid Hussain Sayed also referred to the
contribution of Ambassador's father, who served in the Chinese
Embassy in Pakistan from 1952-58 and said their family had served Pakistan-China friendship from `generation to generation.'
Senator Mushahid Hussain said there was a complete
national consensus on CPEC amongst all the political forces and
provinces of Pakistan because CPEC benefits Pakistan and its people
who had now taken ownership of it as a guarantor of their better
tomorrow.
In his address, Ambassador Sun Weidong said Pakistan-
China people to people exchanges were already being broadened and
more than 200,000 visitors from both countries visited
each other in 2016 while there were 22000 Pakistani students
studying in China including 5000 on official scholarships.
Ambassador Sun Weidong also referred to the 19 Early Harvest
Projects, particularly those in the energy sector which had
contributed to 1820 MW of electricity and after November 2017,
he said thanks to CPEC, surplus power would be produced.
So one result of CPEC was already evident in that it had helped to
resolve Pakistan's chronic electric power shortage.
He said plans were afoot for the convening of the 7th Joint Cooperation
Committee (JCC), which was the apex decision making body on CPEC.
Among the projects would be metro bus projects in all provincial
capitals, construction of Gwadar International Airport, upgradation
of Pakistan railway line between Karachi and Peshawar and the
building of 9 industrial parks would be on agenda for further
discussion.
Another result of CPEC mentioned by Ambassador Sun Weidong was
that prior to CPEC, Pakistan's growth rate was an annual 3.6% but
now with CPEC underway, it had gone up to 5.3% despite many
challenges. Sixty thousand job opportunities were also created by
Chinese companies for Pakistanis.
Responding to a question of Mehmood Achakzai about the
leadership role of China in the Asian century as a peacemaker in
the region, Ambassador Sun Weidong said peace was like oxygen,
fresh air for development and that was why China believed in
partnership, dialogue and cooperation in promoting connectivity
among countries and all issues left over by history, like Kashmir,
need to be resolved through dialogue and negotiations.
He added that “terrorism is the common enemy of humanity” and we
must confront this menace collectively.
The meeting was attended by MNAs Rana Muhammad Afzal,
Isphanyar M. Bhandara, Ghous Bux Khan Mahar, Mehmood Khan Achakzai,
and Senators Lt. Gen. (R) Salahuddin Tirmizi, Shibli Faraz, Talha
Mehmood and Mir Kabeer Ahmed.
Edward D. "Jed" Bullard, chairman of the Bullard board of directors, has named Victoria "Wells" Bullard as the company's new CEO. A family-owned company, Wells Bullard represents the fifth generation of family leadership at Bullard.
As one of her first acts as CEO, Bullard promoted Peter Lugo from COO to president.
For more information, visit www. bullard.com or call (859) 234-6616.
A Toronto researcher will be leading a study to see whether remaining ash from last year's devastating Fort McMurray fires is posing a long-term health risk to residents. Arthur Chan, an assistant professor at the University of Toronto, is heading up a research team going to Fort McMurray next month. They will collect dust samples from residents' homes and analyze if dangerous substances are lingering after massive fires engulfed the city.“We're looking for heavy metals that would have long-term health effects, like lead,” said Chan, who has a background in atmospheric chemistry. “We're also looking at organic compounds or potentially carcinogens which may cause cancer.” By wiping down surfaces and using a custom vacuum, the team will collect dust from different parts of the home, from busy places like the living room and bedroom floor, to less-touched areas like the top of a door frame, Chan said.Article Continued BelowDepending on the test results, people in Fort McMurray will learn where to clean in their houses and if cleanups after the fires were effective, he said. After the fires died down, questions arose about how safe it was for people to return to their homes, Chan said. Testing showed there were minimal short-term health effects, but there was debate over the long term.The Canadian Institutes of Health Research called for proposals to study long-term health effects, and Chan's team was granted $500,000 to “provide the knowledge needed to understand the fate of fire ash in the environment, and the impacts of residual ash inhalation on human health,” according to CIHR's website.
General News of Tuesday, 24 April 2018
Source: adomonline.com
Samuel Okudzeto Ablakwa, MP, North Tongu
The Member of Parliament (MP) for North Tongu Constituency, Samuel Okudzeto Ablakwa, says President Akuffo Addo's “One District One Factory” scheme is being implemented only at the Jubilee House.
The MP was reacting to the claims that President Nana Addo was superintending over an over-bloated staff at the Jubilee House, the seat of government.
Speaking on Asempa FM's flagship show, “Ekosii Sen”, Mr Ablakwa said he couldn't fathom why all these 998 staffers will be employed to push Ghana's agenda yet some of NPP's fruitful promises, such as the “One District One Dam”, “$1 million per Constituency”, among others cannot be implemented.
The politician, therefore, urged the first man in the country to step forward and apologize to Ghanaians since he is protecting the public purse the wrong way.
According to him, Ghanaians voted President Nana Addo into power because they believed he will cut down cost but his approach at the Flagstaff house, Mr. Ablakwa believes is nothing to write home about.
“If there are two presidents and President A uses 15 people to deliver and President B uses 100 to deliver, who will you go for? Ghanaians will go for A. All of these numbers, where is the “one district one dam”, one million per Constituency”. The factory is now at Flagstaff house…”, he maintained.
“He should apologize to Ghanaians because this is not how to protect the public purse. Wages and salaries are going up. Let us be sensitive to the Ghanaian people…”, the young politician maintained.
PanARMENIAN.Net - Armenia has managed to prevent the sale of Belarusian Polonez artillery rocket systems to Azerbaijan, military analyst Alexander Alesin has said, according to Komsomolskaya Pravda.
“We wanted to sell Polonez [systems] to Azerbaijan, but Armenia - our partner in the CSTO - was against [the deal],” Alesin said, adding that the agreement failed as a result.
Alesin said Azerbaijan is one of the biggest partners of Belarus.
“We sell anti-aircraft defense systems, in particular modernized Buk-MB anti-aircraft missile systems Buk-MB to them. We also modernize their Su-27 and Su-25 fighters,” Alesin said.
According to the expert, Belarus will soon begin selling non-lethal weapons to Armenia.
BOSTON -- If Jordan Hasay was searching for signs that her mother was with her Monday, if she was looking for some strength to lift her in her first marathon, she got it on her first trip to a water station.
Teresa Hasay, who swam, hiked and ran regularly, died unexpectedly at 56 on Nov. 4, just days after spending the weekend with her daughter. Jordan now wears her mother's engagement ring on her left hand.
"I was pretty worried about grabbing the bottles," Hasay said, "because I had never done that before. ... I ended up grabbing them with my left hand, so each time I was thinking, 'OK, mom, help me grab this bottle, help me grab this bottle.'"
Editor's Picks Kenya's Kirui, Kiplagat sweep Boston Marathon Geoffrey Kirui and Edna Kiplagat of Kenya won the men's and women's races at the Boston Marathon on Monday. American Galen Rupp finished second in the men's race by 21 seconds.
Boston's top cop finishes city's race on Mon. Boston police commissioner William Evans completed his first Boston Marathon since the 2013 bombings. 1 Related
All morning, the 25-year-old California native gained comfort, strength and inspiration from the memory of her mother as well as a Boston crowd that instinctively understood her pain. The combination pushed the former 5K and 10K runner, who just last year transitioned to road running, to an incredible third-place finish that shattered the American record for a marathon debut.
Hasay, finishing behind women's champion Edna Kiplagat from Kenya (2 hours, 21 minutes, 52 seconds) and Bahrain's Rose Chelimo (2:22:51), came in at 2:23:00 -- 2 minutes and 53 seconds faster than Kara Goucher's debut at the 2008 New York City Marathon. Goucher and Deena Kastor, the 2004 Olympic marathon bronze medalist, had been the only American women to debut faster than 2:27 before Hasay.
"[My mother] knew that I'd be debuting in Boston, and I was just thinking about everyone out there who have lost loved ones as well, and that really lifted me up and powered me through it," Hasay said.
You don't have to look far for special stories at the Boston Marathon. Sadly, there will forever be the memories of 2013, with loved ones, friends and neighbors gathering in support of those killed and wounded on one awful day four years ago.
Jordan Hasay, center, finished third at the 2017 Boston Maration, setting a record for fastest marathon debut by an American woman. Kayana Szymczak/Getty Images
But along with Boston Strong, there are examples everywhere of strength and caring, of causes trumpeted and veterans cheered. It was in that atmosphere that American Meb Keflezighi lifted the city with his 2014 victory and that six American men on Monday finished among the top 10 finishers.
The best among them was Galen Rupp, a three-time Olympian whose second-place finish in his first Boston Marathon made him the highest-placing American here since the Eritrea-born Keflezighi's victory. Rupp was the highest-placing American-born man since Gary Tuttle's runner-up finish in 1985.
It took until the final 2 miles for men's champion Geoffrey Kirui to pull away from Rupp and complete the Kenyan sweep, finishing in 2:09:37, 21 seconds ahead of Rupp (2:09:58) and 51 seconds in front of third-place Suguru Osako from Japan (2:10:28).
In addition to Rupp, the American men in the top 10 were Shadrack Biwott (fourth), Abdi Abdirahman (sixth), Augustus Maiyo (seventh), Luke Puskedra (ninth) and Jared Ward (10th). It was the biggest showing in the top 10 for American men since seven of them finished there in 1985.
It was a victory lap of sorts for Keflezighi, 41, running in his final Boston Marathon (he says he's retiring after the New York City Marathon in November) and finishing 13th in 2:17:00 after hanging with the lead pack for 11 miles.
"It's so exciting to see Americans being competitive here and running well in Boston," Rupp said, "whether it's myself or Jordan Hasay. ... It's just a really exciting time and awesome to see American distance running on the upswing."
American Galen Rupp kept pace with winner Geoffrey Kirui for about 24 miles of the Boston Marathon. Greg M. Cooper-USA TODAY Sports
Rupp and Hasay are Oregon Project teammates under coach and 1982 Boston champion Alberto Salazar (who also coaches Osako), and it was Salazar whom Rupp credited with pushing his runners "mentally harder than any other coach pushes their athletes."
"I was hurting a lot the last 3 or 4 miles. ... You've got to dig down deep and just find whatever it is to hold onto to drive you through the finish line," Rupp said. "That's what I tried to do today. Even though it wasn't necessarily the result I wanted, I was very, very happy the way I was able to close it out."
Among the few disappointed elite Americans was Desiree Linden, 33, a favorite coming in who faded at miles 18 and 19 and could not recover, finishing in fourth place, 3:14 behind the winner.
But Linden lauded the well-informed Boston Marathon fans, who know and appreciate the progress of American runners. No American woman has won here since 1985, and Keflezighi is the only American man to win since 1983.
"We keep getting closer. ... It's just a matter of time," Linden said. "And when the Americans break the tape, it's going to be a big day out here, and we're really close."
Hasay said she was honored running with Linden and gathered energy from the chants of "USA, USA" toward the finish. But it was the voice of her mother that Hasay heard above all others, and it was their running conversation during one of the loneliest journeys in all sport that sustained her.
"I was talking to her a long time," Hasay said. "She always called me Paula because [world-record holder] Paula Radcliffe is my idol, and my mother always said I would be a marathoner like her one day. And so I kept telling myself, 'Good job, Paula. Good job, Paula.' That kind of helped me get through some of the tough times.
"I just felt blessed having her out there running every step with me. It gives me a lot of strength."
As the launch of the highly expected book on the life and time of the former governor of Yobe State titled " Poorlitics" draws near,here is a brief profile of the author.
Maiduguri. His Excellency ,Bukar Abba Ibrahim began attending primary school in 1957. In 1965, he proceeded to Government College in
Ahmadu Bello University in 1972 where he obtained his Bachelor of Science degree in Quantity Surveying in 1975. After taking the West African School Certificate Examination in 1970, he was admitted toin 1972 where he obtained hisdegree in Quantityin 1975.
Thereafter, he undertook post-graduate professional training in the United Kingdom from 1981 to 1982, which led to his qualification as an associate member of the Nigeria Institute of Quantity Surveyors.
civil servant in Borno State eventually becoming Commissioner of Works. From 1985 to 1988, he worked as aineventually becoming Commissioner of Works.
He later became a three term governor and three terms Senator of the Federal Republic Of Nigeria
ISLAMABAD, Feb 14 (APP): Reacting to a recent report by Human Rights Watch concerning Afghan refugees, the Foreign Office said the assertions made therein were misplaced and removed from facts and realities on ground besides lacking objectivity.
According to a statement, the Foreign Office termed it exaggerated contentions and baseless allegations of coercion, which were particularly disappointing and irresponsible, being counter-productive to the objective of harmony and goodwill between the refugees and the host communities as well as the shared goal of dignified voluntary returns.
It was regrettable that on the whole, the report was devoid of the larger perspective and the historical context in which Pakistan and its people had been generous and gracious hosts to millions of Afghans for over 37 years now, the statement said.
“With dwindling international assistance and attention over the years, Pakistan had shouldered this huge responsibility largely on its own, providing shelter, education, health care and livelihood opportunities to our Afghan brothers and sisters despite severe strain on our limited resources,” the statement mentioned.
That hosting millions of refugees for a protracted period has had political, security, socio-economic and environmental implications could not be over-emphasized. As a host country, Pakistan's exemplary role had been recognized and appreciated by the international community. This had also been repeatedly acknowledged by Afghanistan and the United Nations including at the highest levels.
Indeed the Government of Pakistan worked closely with the Government of Afghanistan and the UN High Commissioner for Refugees including under the framework of the Tripartite Agreement and the internationally endorsed Solutions Strategy for Afghan Refugees (SSAR), which follow a holistic approach and an attainable roadmap for protection and durable solutions for Afghan refugees through regional and international cooperation.
It was pertinent to mention that voluntary repatriation was a shared priority, which together with sustainable reintegration in Afghanistan, and support to host communities constitute the three pillars of the SSAR.
Pakistan believed that return of Afghans to their homeland in dignity and honour would go a long way in promoting durable peace and stability in Afghanistan and the region. There was a wide recognition as well in the international community on the imperative of addressing this protracted refugee situation. For years, led by UNHCR, and supported by Afghanistan and Pakistan, emphasis had been laid on creating the pull factors, socio-economic development and livelihood opportunities in Afghanistan to facilitate voluntary return and sustainable reintegration of Afghan refugees. The importance of enhanced international assistance had been continuously advocated in that regard.
We also acknowledge and welcome the ownership of the Afghan Government towards the displaced Afghans, especially the encouragement by the Afghan leadership for the refugees to return and the arrangements for their reintegration including land and other provisions. These were among major factors contributing to increased repatriation witnessed in 2016.
The enhanced cash grant, an initiative of UNHCR supported by Afghanistan and Pakistan, was a positive, necessary and rational step aimed primarily at catering to initial requirements to helpanchor the refugees who opt to return voluntarily. In fact there was a need to sustain and diversify such initiatives, besides investing more in development programmes and livelihood opportunities in Afghanistan, for an environment conducive for voluntary returns, the statement said.
We expect and urge the members of the international community to step up and fulfill their obligations towards Afghan refugees through solidarity and burden sharing, it added.
Notwithstanding any isolated or individual incidents, there was no policy of coercion on part of Government of Pakistan. The Government also remains mindful of its responsibility to ensure security and vigil against suspicious elements, unlawful activities and the menace of terrorism, including through improved and regulated border management.
Pakistan was committed to safe and voluntary repatriation of Afghan refugees in the best interest of the two countries and the region. The Federal Cabinet had just recently approved important decisions about Afghan refugees including extension of stay of registered Afghans till December 31, 2017, and renewal of the Tripartite Agreement on voluntary returns. This testifies Pakistan's longstanding commitment to welfare of Afghans and their dignified return to their homeland.
We remain in regular touch with the Government of Afghanistan and the UNHCR with regard to all aspects of management and repatriation of Afghan refugees. Meeting of the Tripartite Commission was scheduled in Islamabad on February 15. We hope the international community will also shoulder its responsibility towards a durable solution of the protracted Afghan refugee situation, the statement said.
(Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc's shares surged on Friday, pushing its stock market value above $700 billion and threatening to eclipse Microsoft Corp, a day after the online retailing behemoth reported blockbuster results.
Amazon's stock was up 3.7 percent at $1,441 per share in afternoon trade, on track for a record high close and putting its market capitalization at $701 billion. The stock traded as high as $1,498.
Microsoft fell 2.2 percent to $92.97, trimming its market capitalization to about $711 billion.
Apple Inc, the world's most valuable listed company, was worth $827 billion on Friday after reporting disappointing iPhone sales on Thursday. Its stock fell 3.7 percent to $161.57.
The major stock indexes fell as much as 2.1 percent in a broad retreat. [.N]
At least 13 brokerages raised their price targets for Amazon after it posted record profits, pointing to growth potential from increasing global Prime subscriptions and a market-leading cloud business.
Analysts at Jefferies, Wedbush and Credit Suisse were the most bullish, boosting their targets to $1,750. At that price, Amazon would be worth about $850 billion.
Microsoft's stock has jumped 150 percent to new highs since Chief Executive Officer Satya Nadella took over in 2014 and made the company a major player in cloud computing while reducing its dependence on a tepid personal computer industry.
But Microsoft has failed to keep up with Amazon shares, which have surged 73 percent in the past 12 months.
Amazon revenue has been growing at a scorching pace as more shopping moves online and businesses shift their computing operations to the cloud, where Amazon Web Services (AWS) leads the market.
AWS, which competes with Microsoft's Azure and Alphabet Inc's Google Cloud platform, reported a 45 percent jump in revenue to $5.1 billion in the quarter.
“AWS is still adding more incremental dollars than all public cloud competitors combined,” Barclays analyst Ross Sandler said.
The high-margin business, which accounts for a significant chunk of Amazon's operating profit, has been providing cash for investments and supporting the razor-thin margins in retail.
Amazon's earlier investments in warehouses have yielded results for the company as lower shipping costs boosted its quarterly operating margin to 3.5 percent, its highest fourth-quarter margin since 2010, analysts said.
Wall Street analysts are overwhelmingly bullish on Amazon, with 46 of 50 brokerages rating it “buy” or higher, three “hold” and only one “sell.” Their median price target is $1,580.
Creative, The Magazine of Promotion and Marketing ISSN-0737-5883 is published on a bi-monthly basis by Magazines/Creative Inc., 31 Merrick Avenue, Suite 60, Merrick, NY 11566, Tel. 516-378-0800. Form 3579 is requested. Second Class postage paid at New York, NY and additional mailing offices. Send address changes to Creative, 31 Merrick Avenue, Suite 60, Merrick, NY 11566 or via E-mail.
Creative is published in the interest of sales promotion and marketing executives who manage Point-of-Purchase Display, Trade Show Exhibit and Sales Promotion Programs. The annual subscription rate for the printed magazine is $30.00 in the United States and $50.00 in all other countries. The single copy price is $4.00 in the United States. The Annual Illustrated Guide is $20.00.
Re: Trudeau must amend terrible anti-terrorism bill, Opinion Dec. 21
Trudeau must amend terrible anti-terrorism bill, Opinion Dec. 21
I support Ann Cavoukian and Micheal Vonn in calling for the total repeal of the notorious Bill C51 and supplement it here below six ways in which the bill could adversely affect the lives of citizens. These were advanced by an opinion piece by Megan Drysdale of the Canadian Journalists for Free Expression in 2015:
Private information will no longer be private; innocent words can be interpreted as terrorism; online posts will be censured; protesting could put one in government surveillance; travel may be restricted without explanation; and material possessions may be seized.
For these reasons and many others, the Prime Minister is obliged to his supporters to honour his promise and get rid of this bill altogether.
BOSTON -- Few teenagers could make their NHL debut during the Stanley Cup playoffs and fit right in.
But 19-year-old Charlie McAvoy has done just that for the Boston Bruins.
With their blue-line lineup depleted because of injuries, the Bruins signed McAvoy, who had just turned pro after completing his sophomore season at Boston University, last Monday. Two days later, he made his NHL debut in Game 1 of Boston's first-round Eastern Conference playoffs against the Ottawa Senators.
McCoy, a former first-round pick (No. 14 overall) in the 2016 NHL Draft, has been outstanding in his first two games for the Bruins, averaging 25 minutes of ice time.
"There's not a lot to pick on in Charlie's game," said Bruins coach Bruce Cassidy.
McAvoy's composure and confidence stand out, and he has already showed that he's not afraid to jump into the play. Many scouts compare McAvoy's skill set to Nashville Predators star P.K. Subban, another mobile, right-shot defenseman. The Bruins envision McAvoy making an impact in all three zones with his hockey sense, speed and ability to control the play.
McAvoy will likely deal with the inevitable ebbs and flows that all NHL rookies do at some point. But the small sample size of his play so far is a strong indication that he has a successful future in the league ahead of him.
"What a great pick by [the Bruins]. Boston got this one right," said the head of scouting for one Western Conference team. "Once he gets his body into NHL shape, he's the real deal."
Once the 6-foot, 208-pound defenseman sheds some of his "baby fat" and transforms his body, he will have an even greater impact for the Bruins. But he's not succeeding by brute force alone. He has shown poise with the puck and sound positioning in the defensive zone.
"He's been a real boost for us," Cassidy said.
Watching McAvoy on and off the ice, it's hard to believe he's a rookie, much less one with only two games' worth of experience. So, how has he remained so calm while stepping into the playoff cauldron?
"It's just hockey," he said. "We've all been playing it since we were 5 years old. It's obviously a different level -- the highest level -- but at the end of the day, it's just the game we all love."
When the Bruins lost two of their top defenders -- Torey Krug and Brandon Carlo -- before the playoffs because of injuries, Boston GM Don Sweeney looked at the organizational depth chart and decided to sign McAvoy to a three-year, entry-level contract. He had already been signed to an amateur tryout agreement and was playing for Boston's AHL affiliate, the Providence Bruins, but the parent club needed his skill set and felt he was ready.
In the process, the Bruins also lost defenseman Colin Miller and Adam McQuaid to injuries. Both are listed as day-to-day as the team prepares for Game 3 on Monday at TD Garden in Boston. As the injuries to Boston's blue line mounted, so did McAvoy's minutes.
"It's something I don't even think about," he said of the extra workload. "I'm just trying to be responsible and reliable every shift."
So far, McAvoy's adjustment to the pros has been a relatively smooth one.
"It was a good transition for myself, and there were a lot of teaching points through two games," McAvoy said. "But overall it was good, and I thought I played some good, simple hockey. I'm just trying to do my job."
Charlie McAvoy (73) has fit right in with his Bruins teammates and has already been instrumental on the power play. Sean Kilpatrick/The Canadian Press via AP
Those teaching points included learning the speed of the game at the NHL -- and the need to speed up his decision-making process.
Cassidy has shown no reservations about playing McAvoy in any situation. The rookie has already played big minutes on the power play for the Bruins, and the only reason he hasn't seen time on the penalty kill is because that unit has been solid all season, and Cassidy doesn't want to interrupt its chemistry. But because Boston has been beset with even more injuries to its defensive core, it's likely McAvoy will be killing penalties the remainder of the series.
McAvoy has certainly never played this many games in a season in his young career. After BU's season ended, and before he decided to turn pro, he thought would be taking a break. The sudden need to ramp it up again came as a shock.
"It was definitely weird," he said. "In my mind, my season was over. I was done, and it was kind of my offseason. Then, as soon as I made the decision [to turn pro], I'm in Providence getting geared up for the nine [AHL] games left, so it's almost like a quarter of a college year. I had to refocus and say, 'I'm still playing a lot of hockey here, some big-time-meaningful hockey.'"
Since this is Boston's first trip to the Stanley Cup playoffs in three seasons, there's plenty of focus on McAvoy as his career begins at an important time for the Bruins.
"He was awesome," Bruins center Patrice Bergeron said of McAvoy's first two games. "He played well and he wants the puck. He wants to make plays. He's got great speed and great instinct, especially for his age. I was really impressed with him."
With the series tied at a game apiece, the Senators would like at least a split in the next two games in Boston. Ottawa will attempt to take advantage of the Bruins' injuries. So, how do you exploit a rookie defenseman who has played only two NHL games?
"He's sure isn't playing like that. He's a heck of a player," said veteran Senators winger Clarke MacArthur. "He's got patience, and he's definitely been a positive for them. I don't know if you can really exploit him. He skates well. He moves the puck well and, obviously, you just want to keep pressuring him, and pressure all their D and make them make quick plays and hope you can get turnovers off that."
Boston captain Zdeno Chara has served as a mentor for plenty of young defensemen in the past, but there's something different about McAvoy. It's as though his youth and energy is helping the team more than the team is helping him adjust to the NHL.
Editor's Picks Rask is up to the task Tuukka Rask was mostly a bystander in Boston's 2011 Cup run. Now, even with a battered blue line in front of him, he wants nothing more than to lead the Bruins to a title as a No. 1 netminder.
Bruins playing McAvoy with Krug, Carlo out The Bruins are playing defenseman Charlie McAvoy on Wednesday with injured blueliners Torey Krug and Brandon Carlo sidelined.
First-round preview: Senators vs. Bruins Whichever team emerges from this series has the potential to become a playoff dark horse. All all needs is hot goaltending. So which one will win? It's going to be tight. 2 Related
"He's really, really steady," Chara said. "He has really stepped up and handled the situation really well. It's obviously a good sign for the future, knowing that he's able to make those adjustments and take the workload, whether it's mental or physical."
When McAvoy made his NHL debut, he joined a select group class of American-born players who are making an immediate impact at this level this season. Toronto Maple Leafs center Auston Matthews, Columbus Blue Jackets defenseman Zach Werenski, Calgary Flames winger Matthew Tkachuk and McAvoy were all members of the U.S. national development team roster and still remain close friends.
"It's special to go through it with those guys," McAvoy said. "They've had tremendous years and they got the jump on me. But to see their success and how good they've been doing, it's really cool. We all played together once upon a time, but those friendships have stayed constant and it's really nice to have those guys."
Had it not been for all the injuries in Boston, McAvoy would be preparing for the Calder Cup playoffs with the Providence Bruins. He's made quite an impression already, and if he keeps it up, it's likely he won't be riding a bus in the minors ever again. He's in the big time to stay.
Donald Trump's presidency is less than three months old, but in that time there have been massive turnouts for the Women's March and for Tax Day protests in cities across the country demanding that Trump release his returns. This coming Saturday, on Earth Day, scores of March for Science protests are expected.
Helping to guide these actions are veteran activists with the AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power — better known as ACT UP. Thirty years after the coalition's founding, some seasoned activists are dusting off their bullhorns and updating their direct-action playbooks to tap into the new wave of activism energized by opposition to Trump's policies.
Founded in 1987, ACT UP never settled for trying to push change quietly or behind the scenes.
It was loud, demanding and in-your-face with telegenic direct action, a protest that got serious attention and, occasionally, laughs.
Like the time members engulfed the suburban Virginia home of their nemesis, the late Republican Sen. Jesse Helms of North Carolina, in a giant canvas condom that read "Helms Is Deadlier Than A Virus."
Or when ACT UP members posed as news executives and bum-rushed Dan Rather during a live broadcast of the CBS Evening News at the start of the Gulf War.
Then there was the time they stormed the National Institutes of Health, pushing for changes in AIDS research, funding and clinical trials. Over an NIH foyer, activists unfurled a giant banner with their logo and slogan: Silence=Death.
I'm "the snarky, Machiavellian dude behind the Silence=Death image," New York artist and writer Avram Finkelstein says with a chuckle.
That slogan — black and white with a pink triangle — presaged the formation of the radical AIDS advocacy group ACT UP. The slogan helped change the way the world looked at AIDS. At one point, Silence=Death was the most powerful protest slogan around. It became an iconic backdrop to the group's chant for "ACT UP, FIGHT BACK, FIGHT AIDS!"
Now, at 65, Finkelstein is one of several ACT UP veterans from the 1980s and '90s who today are helping shepherd new protesters, training and strategizing, including the anti-Trump collective Rise and Resist.
"Many people are younger people who work with organizations that were formed by ACT UP. Or were in ACT UP themselves," he says.
He recently led a teach-in on design and imagery for Rise and Resist.
"All of the civil disobedience training is being done by the same exact people who did them at ACT UP," Finkelstein says. "So here is this perfect cross-section of this moment. Here is an intergenerational activist organization. And its meetings are in the community center a spitting distance from where the original ACT UP meetings took place."
In January, Rise and Resist took one of its first actions: Scores of members booked brunch reservations at restaurants in several Trump-owned properties including Trump Tower. Over eggs Benedict in the crowded eateries, protesters began to cough and cough some more. The "cough-in" protesters held up signs saying "Trumpcare is making us sick."
"That's the kind of mediagenic sort of action that ACT UP used to needle their opponent," says filmmaker and writer David France, who is behind the book and film How To Survive A Plague. "And Trump is an easy target for needling, and they're working on trying to exploit that weakness of his. The more time he spends in the early morning hours fashioning his tweets in response to perceived slights, the less time he has to advance his agenda."
France and others note that the feeling of total powerlessness in the face of Trump and Republican control of Washington echoes the early days of the AIDS crisis.
"Younger generations, the millennials, and even Gen X and Gen Y, have the sense of never having had power, really," France says. "And it's kind of a learning experience for them to realize that there were times in history when others felt the same, and were yet not dispirited by it but found a way to plow through it and find that power."
ACT UP was certainly not immune to internal fissures and strategic stumbles. Some members broke off into subgroups. But ACT UP remained steadfast in its strategy of being bold, persistent and willing to be unpopular to foster change. It's a template Rise and Resist is trying to emulate, France says.
"I think what they're doing, especially at Rise and Resist, is taking those tactics and strategies and bringing them to the modern era, and making them appropriate for the particular struggles being faced today," he says.
Grass-roots anger at Trump's policies has galvanized protesters on the left, including many new to political action.
While ACT UP is best-known for its direct-action protests, the group's potency came from a clear-eyed strategy and its well-organized committees, says Maxine Wolfe — another veteran gay-rights activist from ACT UP's earliest days who are now involved in Rise and Resist.
ACT UP had committees on health, research, PR, housing and more. They did their homework, Wolfe says, and helped ACT UP create a potent "inside-outside" strategy: demanding a seat of power alongside politicians and Big Pharma while keeping pressure up through creative street protests. The strategy helped turn HIV from a death sentence to a manageable condition.
"We had a women's committee, a people of color committee, the treatment and data committee," Wolfe recalls. "We lobbied peoples, we did civil disobedience. The idea there was that you could use not a huge number of people but a varied playbook," she says. "And [you] would keep coming at it until we won. Which we did."
What's not clear just a few months into Trump's presidency is which tactics and actions by Trump "resisters" will actually have an impact on public opinion and policy. There are sharp tactical disagreements within the inchoate grass-roots opposition to Trump's policies over what might prove most effective and sustainable.
Go with massive rallies or small, direct actions? Focus on urban population centers or the rural and suburban swing areas that helped elect Trump?
There are ongoing Trump boycott efforts such as Grab Your Wallet as well as the get-off-the couch group Run For Something.
"It's the movements that are willing to take risks and willing to do bold action over time that are the most successful," says writer and activist L.A. Kauffman, author of Direct Action: Protest and the Reinvention of American Radicalism.
"Obviously you can't stay in crisis mode and at a fever pitch for year after year," she adds, "but I see a lot of people recognizing that this is the long haul. What the movements are doing together is creating a crisis for the Trump administration, and in so doing, managing to slow down some of the worst of the harm."
While ACT UP's activism centered on an array of complex issues, the central focus of HIV and AIDS was a unifying and organizing force. But anger at Trump is broad, diffuse and across a range of issues from health care to climate change.
"It's a different animal — there's not one single thing to organize against," Wolfe says. "What we need is how to sustain focus. You can't just do one action, let's say, against [senior presidential adviser Steve] Bannon. You have to do many such actions."
"We know now that nominally democratic governments don't have to listen to social protests," says activist and writer Micah White, who helped launch the Occupy Wall Street protests. "You can get 4 million people into the streets and there is no requirement in our Constitution or in our laws that the president has to listen. He's able to say, 'Thanks. Now go home.' And they go home."
White now advocates a rural, Internet-enabled progressive movement where activists get elected to local offices and prove they can govern.
"As social protesters, we need to stop with this naive belief that if we just get more people into the streets, then we'll get what we want. It's not true!" White says.
Finkelstein notes that he did not come up with the Silence=Death logo quickly on the back of a napkin one night over a beer. It was, he says, a deliberative, iterative process with five friends that took about six months to produce.
He is not against big marches like January's massive Women's March in cities across America and the world, or the upcoming Earth Day March for Science.
But his lesson from creating the iconic ACT UP logo: There is tremendous power in smaller actions that can reverberate in unexpected ways.
"If that million people were broken into small groups of four and five, think of the power that could have," Finkelstein says. "Pussy Riot was four people with a boombox, and it totally changed the way we thought about Putin's administration."
Rise and Resist and several other anti-Trump groups are still groping, in these early days, with which tactics might have a real impact with a famously media-savvy mogul turned president, who may be thin-skinned but knows how to punch back.
"A lot of supersmart people that I know are so distracted by the scorching lava flow of Trump's campaign, and now his first days in office, that they seem to be unable to think strategically about it," Finkelstein says. "That surprises me, frankly. The toolbox for doing so is right in front of us."
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Bob Wojnowski, John Niyo and Matt Charboneau look ahead to Saturday's showdown between the Michigan State Spartans and Michigan Wolverines in Ann Arbor. Detroit News
Michigan State's Brandon Sowards begins the celebration after teammate Jalen Watts-Jackson ran a fumbled punt back for the winning touchdown as time expired against Michigan in 2015. (Photo: Dale G. Young, Detroit News)
East Lansing — “Trouble with the snap.”
Those four words torment Michigan fans but highlight one of the most magical moments in Michigan State football history.
It was two years ago when ABC play-by-play announcer Sean McDonough described the final play of the 2015 edition of the rivalry. Michigan State's Jalen Watts-Jackson scooped up the ball after Michigan punter Blake O'Neill mishandled the snap then lost the ball as he tried in vain to kick the ball away.
Watts-Jackson raced down the sideline, led by a convoy of Spartans, crossing the goal line into the end zone as time expired, giving Michigan State a 27-23 victory. The packed Big House sat stunned, Jim Harbaugh looked toward the end zone in dismay and Michigan State players swarmed the field.
It was, needless to say, an unforgettable moment.
But as the teams get set to face each other Saturday night in the first meeting at Michigan Stadium since the thrilling finish, the Spartans insist it's a moment that lives right where it is — in the past.
“Not too much anymore,” senior center Brian Allen said when asked how often the play is talked about. “It was a special night for us and is something we'll remember forever, but the goal going back there this week is just to get a win. It's special when you win there.”
More: Wojo's Pigskin Picks: This UM-MSU clash will be especially illuminating
Michigan State knows plenty about that under coach Mark Dantonio. The Spartans are 7-3 against the Wolverines in Dantonio's tenure, including a 3-1 mark at Michigan Stadium.
However, few games have matched the 2015 contest.
The Spartans were unbeaten and ranked No. 7 in the nation while the Wolverines were No. 11. The hype surrounding Harbaugh, in his first season at Michigan, was in full force and it looked like he would pull out a win in his first head-to-head matchup with Dantonio.
But it all changed in an instant. And just as quickly, it created another hero in the rivalry.
A few days after the game, as Watts-Jackson was recovering from surgery on the hip he broke when tackled in the end zone, Dantonio called him a legend. He joined the list of Spartans who have had big games against the Wolverines from Bobby Morse to Plaxico Burress to a defense that held Michigan to -48 yards rushing.
“Yeah, I think that games like this does do that for certain individuals when they are able to make a play in the game,” Dantonio said. “It goes on the other side of things, probably, too. But remember that's what these games give you. They give you a little bit of a legacy. That's, again, why rivalry games I think are so good for college football.”
That meeting two years ago was the first time tight end Matt Sokol got to play in the series. He was primarily on special teams then, and it's something the Rochester native hasn't forgotten.
More: Michigan State keys to beating Michigan
“That was a crazy experience,” Sokol said. “That entire atmosphere and experience was something I'll never forget. Obviously, the outcome of the game was a dream come true.”
But for the bulk of the Michigan State players that take the field on Saturday night, it will be the first time as the visiting team in this series. Only 17 players on the current roster played in the 2015 game, and even fewer played a significant role.
Safety Khari Willis made his first start that day as a true freshman, as did fellow safety Grayson Miller, who has missed the last two games with an injury.
Willis has fond memories of that game, but his focus is on what happens Saturday night. That means adjusting to the fact John O'Korn will be making his first start this season at quarterback for the Wolverines and how that will affect the Michigan State defense.
However, he also believes the defense is up for the challenge.
“They're gonna do what they're gonna do,” Willis said. “It's not really about them, it's more about us coming out to execute and playing our strength and executing on every single facet of the game.”
They were up to the challenge two years ago, limiting Michigan to 230 total yards and just 10 first downs. And on the final play, Willis was out there as part of the Rangers team. He wasn't far from Watts-Jackson when he grabbed the ball out of the air and Willis followed him into the end zone.
More: Detroit News predictions: Michigan vs. Michigan State
Now a veteran, Willis hopes to relive that feeling again, albeit maybe not in such dramatic fashion.
“We did what we were supposed to do,” Willis said. “We put ourselves in a position to win. This year I expect to be no different. Obviously, this year I'm a little older and it means a lot more.”
It means more for every Spartan, but especially for those that were there in 2015, including linebacker Chris Frey. He is pushing the young players hard to show them the lessons he learned from those before him.
To beat Michigan, it takes a little bit more
“It's just a different mindset,” the senior captain said. “The older guys that have played in this game before, they bring a different mentality to practice on every single day. Practices might be a little bit longer, they might be a little harder, but in the end, it's going to pay off.”
mcharboneau@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/mattcharboneau
Buyers from across the province, the Republic of Ireland and the UK were out in force at the annual Burnview and Lakeview production sale at the old Balmoral Showgrounds, Belfast.
Approximately 100 outstanding females, with ewes and gimmers in-lamb to renowned sires, Ballynacanon Attitude, Birness Murray, Rhaeadr Rolex, Rookery Rodeo and others were offered for sale.
Lot 2, a Birness Murray gimmer from Burnview, sold for 2,400gns
The 2016 offering from Burnview and Lakeview was billed as the best yet and that was certainly reflected in the prices paid on the day.
Top price was paid by Donegal breeder L Browne who dug deep to purchase a Birness Murray daughter out of a dam by Bailey's Invincible. This eye-catching Burnview gimmer was in-lamb to Attitude and, after attracting a plethora of bids, auctioneer Richard Beattie's hammer fell at 2,400gns.
Not far behind was a Strathbogie Jackpot gimmer belonging to the Beacom camp which fetched 2,300gns. This impressive shearling was out of a dam by Glenho The Genius and a grand dam by Strathisla Shadrach and was purchased by new breeder Andrew Moses.
Two lots were knocked down at 2,200gns. The first was a Burnview gimmer by Birness Murray in-lamb to Rookery Union Jack and it found a new home in Patrick McVerry's Tullywinney flock, Armagh.
The second lot to hit the same mark was a Lakeview gimmer by Strathbogie Jackpot and out of a dam by Glenho The Genius. It was in-lamb to Rhaeadr Rolex I and was knocked down to Beattie Pedigree Livestock. Murray daughters were much in demand. Philip Kennedy, Armagh forked out 1900gns to secure Lot 4 out of a dam by Shannagh Resolve and in-lamb to Attitude while F Smyth, Limavady paid 1600gns for a gimmer with similar breeding lines but in-lamb to Rookery Union Jack.
Lot 6 offered by the Burnview stable found a new home with Omagh breeder O McFarland. It was a Birness Bacardi daughter in-lamb to Rookery Rolls-Royce and attracted considerable interest before the hammer dropped at 1550gns.
Two other lots fetched 1300gns. The first was a Lakeview ewe by Solwaybank Major and in-lamb to Rookery Rodeo which sold to renowned Donrho flock owner Patrick Donnelly, Antrim while the second from Burnview was the pick of the ewe lambs, a Ballycannon Attitude lamb out of a dam by Resolve, which knocked down to well known Devon breeder MJ Cornish.
Flock ewes with exceptional bloodlines were also in demand with Burnview selling a Forkins Ferrari ewe, in-lamb to Murray, and Lakeview selling a Major ewe, in-lamb to Rolex, for 1000gns.
In all 14 lots changed hands for a four figure sums with the Tait camp selling 17 gimmers for an impressive average of £1120.
In total Burnview sold 37 females, including ewe lambs, at an average of £883.59 while Lakeview sold 28 aged ewes and gimmers for an average of £708.
Former Michigan hockey coach Red Berenson attended his first race at Michigan International Speedway on Sunday, enjoying his role as grand marshal of the Pure Michigan 400. (Photo: Detroit News file)
Brooklyn, Mich. — Red Berenson attended his first race at Michigan International Speedway on Sunday, enjoying his role as grand marshal of the Pure Michigan 400.
Berenson guided Michigan's hockey program for the last 33 years before retiring this past spring, opening the door for Mel Pearson to take over the head job.
Berenson, who had a 848-429-92 record and led Michigan to 22 straight NCAA tournament appearances and national championships in 1996 and 1998 and to the national title game in 2011, attended the game with his grandson, 18-year-old Blake Berenson, a graduate of Brighton High School.
“We didn't know what to expect; it's my first time at a real NASCAR race, but we have been to the speedway before,” said Berenson, who now holds the title as special assistant to Michigan athletic director Warde Manuel. “When we got our ride in the pace car, that was an eye opener as to what we can expect with this race. We were going over 100 mph and I could feel myself hanging on. I can't imagine what it's like going 200 mph with 35 other cars trying to beat you, so I'm looking forward to the race. It's been a great experience with getting to meet a lot of people and it's been fun.”
Of his new job, Berenson said: “I'm retired as a coach, but I still have a position to help Warde Manuel, our new athletic director. One of the projects, it's been my pet project for a long time, is being trying to endow all of our hockey scholarships. For example, we spend about $800,000 on scholarships each year, so we're trying to endow at least $20 million so four percent of $20 million will pay for that $800,000. Someday I think Warde would like to have all the sports endowed at Michigan and hockey will be the first one so that's my primary goal.
“And, then to be around to support our new coach Mel Pearson. Mel was an assistant with me for 25 years and then he went on to Michigan Tech and did a great job up there, and now he's back at Michigan and I couldn't be happier for him and I'll be a big supporter of the coaching staff as well.”
Pearson was head coach at Michigan Tech the last six years, guiding the Huskies to a 75-34-14 record the last three years, including a pair of NCAA tournament appearances.
“I think I left Mel a good team and we have a couple of blue-chip recruits,” Berenson said. “I think Quinn Hughes will be a game-breaker and I think Josh Norris will be an impact player. We should be a much better team than we were last year (13-19-3).”
Berenson had a busy day, getting the race underway with his job of grand marshal by saying, “Drivers, start your engines,” and saying he was leaving for a trip Sunday night, heading to Parry Sound, Ontario to see his friend and former longtime CCHA commissioner Bill Beagan.
david.goricki@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/DavidGoricki
0:16 Police officer fired after punching man in handcuffs Pause
0:39 A solemn souvenir of imprisonment in their own country
1:12 Historic parallels between Japanese American and Muslim communities
0:42 Misao 'Missy' Hikiji recalls being held prisoner by her own country
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville Dam emergency in California
2:35 Saburo Masada visits site of his internment for first time since 1942
2:03 Commission holds a brain-storming session to discuss heroin epidemic
1:37 Oscar-winning actress Geena Davis speaks in Sarasota
0:35 Couples say 'I do' on Valentine's Day
Angelina Jolie and David Oyelowo are in negotiations to star in the live-action fantasy-drama “Come Away.”
Brenda Chapman, director and co-writer of Pixar's “Brave,” is directing from a script by Marissa Kate Goodhill. Fred Films and Yoruba Saxon Productions are the production companies. Producers are Leesa Kahn, James Spring, and Andrea Keir. Michelle Manning will be an executive producer.
Producers plan to shoot “Come Away” initially in the U.K. and then in Los Angeles in the fall. Jolie is currently shooting “Maleficent 2” for Disney. Oyelowo will be seen next in the horror film “Only You” and in the sci-fi drama “Chaos Walking.”
Jolie and Oyelowo will play the parents of the brother and sister who became the protagonists of “Alice in Wonderland” and “Peter Pan.” When their older brother dies in a tragic accident, they seek to save their parents from despairing over the losses — and are then forced to choose between home and imagination.
Chapman directed 1998's “Prince of Egypt” and won the 2012 Academy Award for best animated feature with Mark Andrews for directing “Brave.”
“Come Away” is co-represented by UTA and Endeavor Content. Jolie is repped by UTA and Sloane Offer; Oyelowo is repped by Hamilton Hodell, Inphenate, and CAA; Chapman is repped by WME; and Goodhill is repped by Jamie Coghill at Surpin & Mayersohn. The news was first reported by Deadline.
WASHINGTON (AP) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 1:51 pm |
The U.S. Capitol in the early morning in Washington. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File)
Congressional leaders and the White House are pressing to strike an accord on a $1.3 trillion catchall spending bill, though disputes remain over issues such as immigration and a massive rail project that pits President Donald Trump against his most powerful Democratic adversary.
An agreement by Monday would pave the way for a House vote on Wednesday. Action is needed by midnight Friday to avert another government shutdown.
The bipartisan measure is loaded with political and policy victories for both sides. Republicans and Pres. Trump are winning a long-sought budget increase for the Pentagon while Democrats obtain funding for infrastructure, the opioid crisis and a wide swath of domestic programs.
The bill would implement last month's big budget agreement, providing 10 percent increases for both the Pentagon and domestic agencies when compared with current levels. Coupled with last year's tax cut measure, it heralds the return of trillion-dollar budget deficits as soon as the budget year starts in October.
While most of the funding issues in the enormous measure have been sorted out, fights involving a number of policy “riders” — so named because they catch a ride on a difficult-to-stop spending bill — continued into the weekend.
Among them were uphill GOP-led efforts to add a plan to revive federal subsidies to help the poor cover out-of-pocket costs under President Barack Obama's health law and to fix a glitch in the recent tax bill that subsidizes grain sales to cooperatives at the expense of for-profit grain companies.
Efforts to use the measure as a vehicle to extend protections for young immigrants under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival, or DACA, appeared likely to fail, aides said. Pres. Trump killed the Obama-era program in September, but a court decision has essentially left it in place, for now. The White House had revived the idea in recent days, but conservative Republicans remained opposed.
“I'm urging the leaders to basically come together and understand there is an emergency at hand here — 780,000 young people have their lives hang in the balance because President Trump killed the DACA program. We have to move on a bipartisan basis to put it back in business,” said No. 2 Senate Democrat Dick Durbin of Illinois on Fox News on Sunday.
Pres. Trump, meanwhile, has privately threatened to veto the whole package if a $900 million payment is made on the Hudson River Gateway Project, a priority of Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer of New York. Pres. Trump's opposition is alarming Northeastern Republicans such as Gateway supporter Peter King, a House member from New York who lobbied Pres. Trump on the project at a luncheon in the Capitol on Thursday.
The Gateway Project would add an $11-billion rail tunnel under the Hudson River to complement deteriorating, century-old tunnels that are at risk of closing in a few years. It enjoys bipartisan support among key Appropriations panel negotiators on the omnibus measure who want to get the expensive project on track while their coffers are flush with money.
Most House Republicans voted to kill the funding in a tally last year, however, preferring to see the money spread to a greater number of districts.
“Obviously, if we're doing a huge earmark … it's troubling,” said Rep. Mark Meadows, R-N.C., a leader of House conservatives. “Why would we do that … Schumer's pet project and we pass that under a Republican-controlled Senate, House and White House?”
Schumer has kept a low profile, avoiding stoking a battle with the unpredictable Pres. Trump. One potential resolution is to include money for Gateway but not specifically earmark it for the project.
There's also a continuing battle over Pres. Trump's long-promised U.S.-Mexico border wall. While Pres. Trump traveled to California on Tuesday to inspect prototypes for the wall, what's pending now is $1.6 billion for earlier designs involving sections in Texas that double as levees and 14 miles of replacement fencing in San Diego.
It appears Democrats may be willing to accept wall funding, but they are battling hard against Pres. Trump's demands for big increases for immigration agents and detention beds they fear would enable wide-scale roundups of immigrants illegally living in the U.S.
One item that appears likely to catch a ride on the must-pass measure is a package of telecommunications bills, including a measure to free up airwaves for wireless users in anticipation of new 5G technology.
One of Brownfield's most unique businesses is now operating around the clock after a few days down for maintenance.
Guar Resources received 20 million pounds of the beans this year, enough to keep the plant running 24 hours a day for the rest of the year.
“This season was very successful,” said Alex Muraviyov, General Manager. “Our goal was 20 million pounds and we got what we wanted. And the farmers got paid, so they are happy also.”
Most of the drought tolerant crop was grown around Veron and Knox city, Muraviyov told the Brownfield News, but some was grown locally.
“We had three farmers here this year and they were pleased with the crop and with our contract,” he said. “My instructions are to get as many people as we can around here to join us next year.”
The manager said the new plant, which was completed in the fall, is running well with some growing pains that were expected.
“We are still learning the machine and still training our personnel, but nothing that we didn't expect,” he said. “It's a great facility and we are very proud of it. Brownfield can be proud of it. There's not another one like this anywhere in the world.”
The new plant has doubled production, a goal set by company managers two years ago when Guar Resources acquired WTG and brought it out of Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
COR Guar Holdings, LLC (CGH), a private investment fund based in New York, provided the funding necessary to complete a court approved bankruptcy reorganization plan.
Muraviyov said he's glad to visit with farmers who are considering guar as a primary or secondary crop.
“It is a great rotation crop for this area,” he said. “We know there were some hard feelings in the past, but we want everyone to know that we do it right and we are here to stay.”
The beans are processed and divided into three portions, all of which are sold.
Hulls account for 27 percent of the process and sell for 10 cents per pound, mostly for feed.
Proteins are 43 percent of the processed product and goes for 12.5 cents per pound.
Splits — by far the most valuable part of the bean — are 30 percent of the process.
The company intends to tweak the plant process to increase the splits percentage, thus increasing revenue.
“We're changing the economics of the process for our benefit,” he said. “The more splits we can get, the better off we all are.”
Montalvo told the News that is a portion of his three-part plan to profitability, which are:
1. Improve processing yield.
2. Upgrade the plant and sell higher quality guar gum powder.
3. Increase the capacity of the plant to reduce processing costs.
Guar Resources remains the only fully integrated guar processor in the United States.
GR's main processing facilities currently operate 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Currently, more than 30 full time employees work at the plant.
Guar, a drought tolerant legume, is grown extensively in the Southwestern United States.
Guar products are used in a variety of industries including food processing, cosmetics and oil and gas production.
Category: Updates
Touch and feel technology will allow creepy sensations to invade viewers' bodies when they are watching “Insidious: The Last Key.” The film is the first feature from Sony to use haptic technology for its full duration.
The Interaction Technology version of the film will be unveiled first for attendees of the CineAsia exhibitors' and distributors' convention, which debuts Tuesday in Hong Kong. At CineAsia last year, Sony demonstrated a short-form immersive experience from the company's “Resident Evil: The Final Chapter.”
The haptic technology was developed by Sony Pictures Entertainment (SPE), Sony Corporation, and Sony PCL. A specially-designed vest provides tactile sensations on the body that are concurrent with the narrative of the film. Visitors to CineAsia can choose to experience a 15-minute segment, or the entire movie, which is being played at the AMC Pacific Place multiplex. Franchise star Lin Shaye and co-star, screenwriter and co-creator of the series Leigh Whannell will be in attendance.
“The haptic immersive experience takes the filmgoer to the next level in literally feeling the visceral sensations of the frights and thrills of the film,” said Sal Ladestro, EVP, marketing for Sony Pictures Releasing International. Sony is in discussions with major exhibitors in other territories to roll out the technology from January.
The film, which sets Shaye's character Dr. Elise Rainier with a haunting in her own home, is produced by “Insidious” regulars Blumhouse's Jason Blum, Oren Peli, co-creator James Wan, and Whannell. It is directed by series newcomer Adam Robitel (“The Taking of Deborah Logan”). Other cast include Angus Sampson, Josh Stewart, and Caitlin Gerard.
Sony Pictures Worldwide Acquisitions produced and financed. U.S. theatrical distribution will be handled by Universal Pictures, and Sony Pictures Releasing. SPWA's Stage 6 Films will distribute the film in other territories.
* Nine-man Chelsea lost 3-2 at home to Burnley
* Chelsea captain Gary Cahill and Cesc Fabregas were dismissed
* Sam Vokes opened the scoring for Burnley
* Stephen Ward scored Burnley's second in the 38th minute
* Vokes made it 3-0 before halftime
* New signing Alvaro Morata and David Luiz scored for Chelsea
* Chelsea face Tottenham next; Burnley host West Brom
CHELSEA 2 BURNLEY 3
LONDON, Aug 12 (Reuters) - A shambolic Chelsea side endured a miserable start to the defence of their Premier League title on Saturday, losing 3-2 at home to Burnley, with their new captain Gary Cahill and Cesc Fabregas sent off.
Cahill lunged clumsily at Steven Defour's shin after 14 minutes after losing the ball high up the pitch and referee Craig Pawson was prompt with a red card.
Sam Vokes capitalised on the numerical advantage and Chelsea's poor defending, scoring either side of a goal from teammate Stephen Ward, to send Burnley into the halftime break 3-0 up.
Antonio Conte's champions looked much livelier in the second half and newly-signed second-half substitute Alvaro Morata got one back in the 69th minute putting Burnley on the back foot. Defender David Luiz found the net in the 87th minute despite Chelsea being reduced to nine for the last 10 minutes.
The Jacob Zuma years must represent a golden era for South African lawyers - or at least for some of the legal eagles.
The Zuma administration has been the subject of a lot of litigation, and often about issues pertaining to the president's conduct. This means millions of taxpayers' rands that could have been used for the poor have been wasted on lawsuits.
The judgment last week, of the full bench of the north Gauteng high court, must rank as one of the most damning rulings on Zuma's personal integrity: the court held that the president was too conflicted to appoint our chief prosecutor and transferred that responsibility to Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa.
Expect peddlers of political conspiracies to cast aspersions on the ruling or accuse the courts of "judicial overreach". The leaders of uMkhonto weSizwe Military Veterans Association have already labelled it a "legal coup", on the eve of the ANC's elective national conference where Ramaphosa is vying for the party's presidency.
There is no denying that Zuma's legal woes have put him in a position where he is forced to pay lip service to his pledge to uphold the constitution. It remains to be seen though, whether the superior courts will uphold the remedy the learned judges have handed down to cure Zuma's ethical quandary,
You can't expect him to admit that he is conflicted or to see the need to step aside. His quest for self-preservation trumps everything and his actions are to perpetually defer his day in court.
Of course, the court's ruling also speaks to the failure of the legislature to hold the president answerable. If the legislature were properly deploying the instruments at it disposal - including the threat of a motion of no confidence - Zuma's abuse of political office would be history.
The governing party has noble-sounding ideas about the need for public office-bearers to behave with integrity, but it does not apply them consistently. For example, its 2007 Polokwane conference resolutions on ethics and integrity say ANC members and leaders "should promote ethical values and lead by example. ANC members and leaders in particular must avoid conflict of interest and perceived conflicts of interest".
The problem is that they have never applied to Zuma's many political scandals. The party's much-vaunted integrity commission bares its fangs from time to time, but has neither the appetite nor the power to bite.
As the saying goes, law begins when politics fails. So the courts end up shouldering the burden of having to keep the head of the executive accountable.
They probably wouldn't be doing this if our political system wasn't dysfunctional.
Screening of ‘Elf' becoming holiday tradition
BECCA MARTIN-BROWN
bmartin@nwadg.com
Nicole Cotton-Leachman is big on family traditions. She remembers fondly her childhood holidays, with dinner on Christmas Eve with one set of grandparents and dinner on Christmas Day with the other, waiting until dark to open gifts and caroling around the neighborhood for hours.
“It wasn't the presents,” says Cotton-Leachman, who is managing director of the Faulkner Performing Arts Center on the University of Arkansas campus in Fayetteville. “It was everybody coming in town and eating and being together — that time of year when the house was full and busy, and everyone was so excited.”
Creating a tradition at the fledgling arts center wasn't on her agenda, but it happened in 2015, when she hosted a holiday screening of “Elf” starring Will Ferrell.
“It was really cool, because we had people bringing their kids and their grandkids, we had women coming together as a girls' day out, we had older couples out on dates — it was completely different than what we expected! We ended up reaching all ages!”
Cotton-Leachman built on that success in 2016, inviting participants to come dressed in their favorite holiday costumes and donating nonperishable foods for the Jane B. Gearhart Full Circle Campus Food Pantry. This year's screening, set for Dec. 9, will be even bigger — and she's got an even better reason to be excited. This is her first Christmas making memories with her new husband, Henry Leachman.
“First, we went to the lighting of the square this year, which was so much fun! We also love having a sense of community, so we plan to bake holiday treats for all our neighbors with an invitation to a Christmas ugly sweater party at the home of the now Leachmans.”
But at Faulkner, events will start at 1:30 p.m. Dec. 9 for the 3 p.m. screening.
“We will have free face painting and a magician starting at 1:30 p.m.,” she says. “We are also very excited that Marco's Pizza is joining our partnership this year for some artistic fun. Marco's Pizza is bringing blank pizza boxes for families to take home and decorate. Once you have it decorated you can take it into the store for a large one-topping pizza for $7.99. Also you can enjoy a performance by a string quartet from the Arkansas Philharmonic Youth Orchestra.
“Our crowd is diverse and we see people from all walks of life! We would love for the people in the community to come up and get involved. There's plenty to do for the kids, good free date time, or just watching a now ‘holiday classic' on the big screen.”
FAQ
‘Elf'
WHEN — 3 p.m. Dec. 9 with lobby activities beginning at 1:30 p.m.
WHERE — Faulkner Performing Arts Center in Fayetteville
COST — Donation of canned food for the Jane B. Gearhart Full Circle Campus Food Pantry
INFO — 575-5387
BONUS — Parking in the Stadium Parking Garage is free that day.
Individual errors cost Peterborough United dearly in their 3-2 defeat to Blackburn Rovers, according to Posh boss Grant McCann.
Posh led one-nil at half-time thanks to Steven Taylor's back-post header from a Marcus Maddison corner, but three goals in the first 13 minutes of the second-half from Charlie Mulgrew and Bradley Dack (who scored twice) put pay to Posh's chances of a second win in six League One matches.
Idris Kanu of Peterborough United in action with Charlie Mulgrew of Blackburn Rovers - Mandatory by-line: Joe Dent/JMP - 09/12/2017 - FOOTBALL - ABAX Stadium - Peterborough, England - Peterborough United v Blackburn Rovers - Sky Bet League One
And despite Jack Marriott pulling a goal back with 90 seconds of stoppage time left by tapping in substitute Danny Lloyd's cross, Posh slipped to a defeat which sees them fall from seventh to 10th in League One.
The match also ended on a sour note for the home side with captain Jack Baldwin receiving a second yellow card for a foul on Dack, who was outstanding in the second-half.
McCann was left disappointed by Mulgrew's equaliser - with the free-scoring defender bundling in from a corner - as well as Dack's two goals.
For the first Dack goal Chris Forrester lost possession, while his second came from a rapid counter-attack after Steven Taylor lost the ball in Blackburn's corner flag.
Jack Baldwin of Peterborough United is shown a red card by the match referee - Mandatory by-line: Joe Dent/JMP - 09/12/2017 - FOOTBALL - ABAX Stadium - Peterborough, England - Peterborough United v Blackburn Rovers - Sky Bet League One
Rovers broke at speed, evading Jack Baldwin before Dack was picked out to finish impressively past Bond.
McCann said: “There are a lot of positives to take out of the performance. In the first-half and the way we finished the game - if we're going to lose games that's the way to lose them.
“At least we were having a go, but it was a little bit too late really.
“But credit to the boys they kept going. It was a good goal right at the death, it just came too late.
“I thought there were more than five minutes of injury time. There must have been at least seven or eight - we were counting them on the side. So I'm disappointed with that.
“I was also really, really disappointed from half-time onwards. Three individual mistakes have cost us the game. We've given Blackburn the win.
“My centre-half loses his man from a corner, my midfielder overplays and has the ball taken from him, and Tayls (Steven Taylor) has the ball in the corner, it comes to Jack Baldwin and he should just help it back in and he doesn't and they break on us.
“They are things we could have stopped and we didn't and Blackburn punished us.”
McCann hailed the impact substitutes Lloyd and Michael Doughty made after coming on, although he said it was only the second time this season where he could remember his substitutes having an effect on the match.
He said: “It was two good teams going hell to leather. Unfortunately we've come out the wrong side of it, but I was more pleased with the response of the boys - we kept going.
“I think the two subs for probably the first time this season - except maybe the Walsall game - have come on and affected the game for us.
“Except for Junior (Morias) coming on at Walsall and getting a winner which was disallowed, I can't remember the last time a sub came on and made an impact for us which is really, really disappointing.
“But Michael Doughty and Danny Lloyd gave us a bit of freshness when they came on. I was pleased with them.”
With less than a month until the January transfer window, McCann also warned his players that they could be sold if they fail to attack enough.
The Posh boss was annoyed that his players did not have more of a go at Blackburn, especially after taking the lead.
He added: “I said to the boys afterwards, the DNA of this football club is not to concede and sit back. The DNA since I've been playing here is, if you concede, you go and score.
“I want brave players here. I don't want players who are fearful of conceding again. The best form of defence for me is attack. We should have gone and got another goal, but we didn't.
“I was disappointed after we scored in the first-half as for 10 to 15 minutes we sat back, and that's something the players need to realise because if they want to play like that then they may as well go to a team that's defensive, one of the teams in the lower half of the league who want to get a one-nil lead and sit back.
“If you think like that in the changing room you won't be here in January. It's as simple as that.”
McCann said he did not see Baldwin's first yellow card for bringing down Craig Conway, but that he had no complaints with his second booking.
He also gave some reassurance over midfielder Anthony Grant who hobbled off towards the end. A stretcher had been brought out for Grant, but after medical treatment he was able to walk off the pitch.
McCann said Grant had received a knock to the head after making a tackle but was fine in the changing room afterwards.
Leo Da Silva Lopes did not make the squad for the match with a hamstring injury, but McCann said he will be completely fine next week.
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - The head of a hospital where dozens of children died in recent days has been suspended, as officials traded blame over cash shortfalls that led to supplies of medical oxygen being cut.
The government of Uttar Pradesh state, run by the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), suspended the head of the state-run BRD Medical College, Rajeev Misra, late on Saturday and ordered an investigation.
Indian media have said the deaths of 60 children, 34 infants among them, were caused in part by oxygen shortages after a private supplier cut the supply over unpaid bills.
Hospital officials deny lack of oxygen caused the deaths, saying alternative supplies were found, and blamed many of the deaths instead on encephalitis and unspecified issues related to delivery of the infants.
On Sunday, J.P. Nadda, health minister in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's cabinet, visited the hospital in the town of Gorakhpur, 800 km (507 miles) east of New Delhi, accompanied by the state's chief minister, Yogi Adityanath.
After the visit, the chief minister urged patience until the investigation was complete.
"We will know - whether it was because of an oxygen shortage or due to a lack of proper treatment," Adityanath told reporters. "Those found guilty will not be spared."
Nadda said a team of doctors from New Delhi was working with the local authorities and the federal government was ready to send more assistance. He said Modi was also monitoring the developments.
The issue of the unpaid bills for oxygen supply has become a flashpoint in relations between the hospital and the state government, after the suspended hospital chief on Saturday accused state officials of not answering his requests for money.
"I wrote at least three letters," Misra told television reporters on Saturday, adding that he had flagged the issue in video conference discussions.
A child is seen in the ontensive care unit in the Baba Raghav Das hospital in Gorakhpur district, India August 13, 2017. Cathal McNaughton
Reuters was unable to immediately contact Misra for comment.
Adityanath, who had visited the hospital on Aug. 9, said no issue of unpaid bills was brought to his attention and all requests for funds were met promptly.
PRESSURE ON BJP
Slideshow (5 Images)
Opposition parties have stepped up the pressure on the state government, demanding the resignations of Adityanath and the state health minister.
"This government is a murderer," said Raj Babbar, head of the opposition Congress party in Uttar Pradesh.
Uttar Pradesh is India's most populous and politically-prized state, where the BJP's thumping victory has strengthened Modi's claim to a second term in 2019.
Gorakhpur, a down-at-heel town near the border with Nepal, is Adityanath's political base, which elected him to parliament five times before Modi asked him to lead Uttar Pradesh, after a landslide BJP election victory in March.
A study of government data by nonprofit body Brookings India showing the district has a 26 percent shortage of primary health centres.
Encephalitis outbreaks kill hundreds in India every year, especially during the monsoon season.
India's expenditure on public health is about one percent of GDP, among the world's lowest. In recent years, Modi's government has increased health spending and vowed to make healthcare more affordable.
BIRTHDAY DRAW: Look for the big cake and candles at Park Beach HomeBase support local retailers and enter the draw to win an $18,000 home package.
BIRTHDAY DRAW: Look for the big cake and candles at Park Beach HomeBase support local retailers and enter the draw to win an $18,000 home package. Park Beach HomeBase
ANOTHER big thing has popped up in Coffs Harbour, aside from the famous Big Banana, and with it comes a chance to win big.
Park Beach HomeBase is celebrating its 18th birthday this week and the Bachrach Naumburger Group is running a birthday celebration giving shoppers the chance to win $18,000 worth of home goodies.
To celebrate the milestone, a massive cake has just been installed on the roof of HomeBase retailer Bob Wallis Cycles.
To find out more about the Park Beach HomeBase $18,000 home package giveaway click here.
GAZA (Reuters) - The Israel-Gaza border fell quiet on Wednesday under a de facto ceasefire after the most intense flare-up of hostilities between Palestinian militants and Israel since a 2014 war.
A general view shows the buffer zone and the water borderline betwen Israel and the Gaza Strip as it is seen from the Israeli side near Zikim, Israel May 27, 2018. REUTERS/Amir Cohen/Files
Militants from Hamas, the dominant group in Gaza, and Islamic Jihad fired dozens of rockets and mortar bombs at southern Israel throughout Tuesday and overnight, to which Israel responded with tank and air strikes on more than 50 targets in the small, coastal enclave.
There were no reports of further attacks after Hamas announced early on Wednesday that it would cease fire if Israel did the same. Israel signalled it would halt its strikes if the rocket barrages stopped.
But even during the fighting, both sides appeared bent on avoiding wider conflict after weeks of violence along the fenced border.
Hamas did not launch long-range rockets at Israel's heartland, even as salvoes from Gaza interrupted daily life in small Israeli border communities. Israeli forces targeted encampments that appeared to have been vacated in anticipation of attack.
No deaths were reported by militant groups or by Israel, which said three of its soldiers were wounded by shrapnel from projectiles.
A Palestinian official said Egyptian mediation led to a ceasefire, and terms of the “understanding” did not go beyond “a restoration of calm by both sides”.
Hamas had largely abided by an Egyptian-brokered truce that ended the seven-week Gaza war four years ago.
In Israeli towns near the frontier, where rocket warning sirens sounded frequently on Tuesday, schools reopened on Wednesday morning. Gaza's streets were filled with shoppers.
Israel stopped short of declaring any formal ceasefire with Hamas and Islamic Jihad, which it, along with Western nations, regards as terrorist organisations, but said any resumption of Palestinian attacks would bring a stronger military response.
A demonstrator with crutches runs for cover during a protest where Palestinians demand the right to return to their homeland, at the Israel-Gaza border in the southern Gaza Strip May 25, 2018. REUTERS/Ibraheem Abu Mustafa
“When they test us they pay immediately and if they continue to test us then they will pay far more,” Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said at a memorial service in Tel Aviv.
Israeli Energy Minister Yuval Steinitz, a member of Netanyahu's security cabinet, told Israel Radio he understood there was an “indirect agreement with Hamas to end the current round (of fighting).”
Islamic Jihad spokesman Daoud Shehab, acknowledging a ceasefire was in effect, said its success would depend on “whether Israel will refrain from any military escalation against Gaza”.
BORDER PROTESTS
Both Hamas and the pro-Iran Islamic Jihad said they fired their salvoes in response to Israel's killing of at least 116 Palestinians since March 30 in Gaza border protests.
Islamic Jihad had vowed revenge in response to Israeli tank shelling that killed of three of its men on Sunday after explosives were planted along the Gaza frontier fence.
Violence along the border escalated in recent weeks. Israel drew international condemnation for its use of deadly force against mass demonstrations by Gaza Palestinians.
Palestinians are increasingly frustrated at their prospects for an independent state. Peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians have been moribund since April 2014 and Israeli settlements in occupied territories have expanded.
Slideshow (3 Images)
By late Tuesday, Israeli aircraft had hit 55 facilities belonging to militant groups in Gaza, including a cross-border tunnel under construction, in response to the Palestinian barrages, the military said.
Israel said some 70 rockets and mortars were fired from Gaza into its southern territory. Some were shot down by Israel's Iron Dome rocket interceptor system and others landed in empty lots and farmland. One exploded in the yard of a kindergarten before it was due to open.
Photo by Philip Cosores
Two of the finest female-led rock bands, Blondie and Garbage, will soon head out on the road together this summer. For one special date at the Hollywood Bowl, they'll be joined by another leading lady in Sky Ferreira.
Ferreira will open the July 9th concert, marking her first confirmed live performance of 2017. The pop singer has focused much of her recent efforts on her fledgling acting career, nabbing roles in Elvis & Nixon, Lords of Chaos, and David Lynch's Twin Peaks revival. She teased a summer 2016 release for an album called Masochism, but that has yet to surface.
Ferreira's show with Blondie and Garbage is part of KCRW's World Festival at the Hollywood Bowl.
Blondie and Garbage 2017 Tour Dates
07/05 – Saratoga, CA @ The Mountain Winery %
07/07 – Santa Barbara, CA @ Santa Barbara Bowl %
07/08 – Las Vegas, NV @ The Pearl Concert Theater %
07/09 – Los Angeles, CA @ Hollywood Bowl %^
07/12 – Troutdale, OR @ Edgefield %
07/14 – Nampa, ID @ Idaho Center Amphitheatre %
07/16 – Englewood, CO @ Fiddler's Green Amphitheatre %
07/18 – Kansas City, MO @ Kauffman Center for the Performing Arts %
07/19 – Council Bluffs, IA @ Harrah's Council Bluffs Hotel & Casino %
07/21 – Prior Lake, MN @ Mystic Lake Casino-Mystic Showroom %
07/22 – Highland Park, IL @ Ravinia Festival %
07/25 – Lewiston, NY @ Artpark #
07/26 – Toronto, ON @ Sony Centre for Performing Arts #
07/28 – Red Bank, NJ @ Count Basie Theatre #
07/29 – Bethel, NY @ Bethel Woods Center for the Arts #
07/30 – Boston, MA @ Blue Hills Bank Pavilion #
08/01 – New York, NY @ Beacon Theatre #
08/02 – Philadelphia, PA @ Mann Center for the Performing Arts #
08/05 – Raleigh, NC @ The Red Hat Amphitheater #
08/08 – Hollywood, FL @ Seminole Hard Rock Live Arena #
08/09 – Orlando, FL @ Hard Rock Live #
08/11 – Austin, TX @ Austin City Limits #
08/12 – Dallas, TX @ Southside Ballroom #
% = w/ John Doe & Exene Cervenka
^ = w/ Sky Ferreira
# = w/ Deap Vally
RAWALPINDI, Oct 6 (APP): Chief of Army Staff General Qamar Javed Bajwa
Friday visited the family of Lieutenant Colonel Amer Wahid Shaheed in Lahore, an
Inter-Service Public Relations (ISPR) statement issued here said.
Colonel Amer had embraced martyrdom near Panjgur, Balochistan on September 4, in a
terrorist attack.
The army chief condoled with the bereaved family and offered Fateha. He
said the supreme sacrifices rendered by Pakistan Army's officers and men would never
go
waste.
He reiterated that fight against terrorism would continue till the achievement of enduring
peace and stability.
LAKE BUENA VISTA, FLA.—On the first day of baseball's winter meetings, the New York Yankees hijacked the proceedings with their arrogance and a seemingly divine right to the spotlight, introducing prized acquisition Giancarlo Stanton and using the podium as a bully pulpit. They threw Stanton's former team, the Miami Marlins, under the bus while intimating the Bronx Bombers are the odds-on favourites to win in 2018. This display of attitude came despite the fact that the Yankees annually have one of the highest team payrolls in Major League Baseball but have just one World Series win since 2000. And it became abundantly clear that Stanton is also not a Marlins fan. “We had a meeting, yes,” Stanton recalled of his dealings with new Fish co-owner Derek Jeter. “We spoke about the direction of the team. I wanted us to go forward and advance with the pitching staff. I thought our lineup was legit, but we needed help with our pitchers and needed to add rather than subtract. “The way they wanted to go was to subtract. I let that be known that I didn't want to be a part of another rebuild, another losing season. And that's almost a guaranteed losing season, taking away what I thought was a great lineup.” Stanton then submitted to Jeter a list of teams to which he would accept a trade. Neither the San Francisco nor St. Louis was on Stanton's acceptable list, yet those are the two teams with which the Marlins first cobbled together acceptable trade offers. Stanton reluctantly met with them.
Article Continued Below
“I gave my list of teams prior to (the meeting) and they went to San Francisco and the Cardinals and struck deals with them, so I was open to listen(ing) to them, but those were not my teams,” Stanton said. “Those are great people. They were great meetings and organizations over there but that just wasn't a fit. “You guys in the media, you've seen what's gone on down there (in Miami). What I mean is just no structure, no stamp that this is how things are going to be. It's a different direction every spring training. You've got to learn something new every spring, a different manager every spring, every middle of the season, so that's mainly what I meant.” Normally the media room at any winter meetings is merely the place for two teams to climb up on stage and announce the completion of a trade, or for a GM to announce a significant free-agent signing. But on this day the Yankees treated it like a half-hour infomercial selling the 2018 season directly to their fans via the MLB Network. Manager Aaron Boone, GM Brian Cashman and Stanton spoke directly into the camera lens, looking past and through any media in the room.
MOKPO -- Search parties entered the wreckage of the Sewol ferry Tuesday to find the remains of those still missing following the vessel's sinking three years ago.
The government said teams are working inside the ferry, with officials aiming to complete the search within three months. A total of eight workers initially entered the ship around 1 p.m.
Workers begin a search for the remains of nine missing people inside the raised Sewol ferry on April 17, 2017. (Yonhap)
The 6,800-ton ferry that sank on April 16, 2014, off the nation's southwest coast claimed 304 people, most of them teenage students on a school trip. It was raised from the bottom of the sea and put into dry dock at a local port in Mokpo, some 410 kilometers south of Seoul, last week.The bodies of nine people, including four students and two teachers, were never found.Workers earlier drilled nine holes in the hull of the ferry to allow the search teams to enter the vessel's cabin sections on the third- and fourth-floor decks, as well as the afterpart of the ship.Photos taken by workers during the first part of the search showed shattered walls and other destroyed structures in the passenger cabin section on the fourth-floor deck.Using helmet cameras, the search team members are sending back live-broadcast videos of their operations to relatives of the missing people.As they cleaned a section of the ship, a bag, clothes and other objects belonging to those on board were found, officials said.A name tag is said to have been attached to the bag retrieved, according to officials.Lee Cheol-jo, a senior official at the Oceans and Fisheries Ministry in charge of the search operation, said it will take time to fully complete the search, depending on internal conditions of the ship. (Yonhap)
Staff Reporter
Peshawar
The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa government and opposition have failed to pick a new name for the position of caretaker Chief Minister as the deadlock persisted over the withdrawal of Mazoor Afridi's candidature.
According to sources, opposition leader has refused to propose a new name and insists that Manzoor Afridi be named the caretaker CM as agreed upon by Chief Minister Pervez Khattak.
The provincial government, however, proposed the name of Himayatullah Khan. “Manzoor Afridi is a respected business personality and a non-controversial figure. It is unfortunate that some opposition parties created a controversy regarding his nomination,” PTI's minister Shaukat Yousafzai told media.
Srinagar
In occupied Kashmir, the Chairman of Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front (JKLF), Muhammad Yasin Malik, has condemned the brutal action by the Indian forces in Shopian district. The forces' personnel vandalized residential houses, damaged orchards and chopped off fruit trees at Sugan in the district on Monday following a blast in the area.
Muhammad Yasin Malik in a statement issued in Srinagar termed the forces' action as revengeful and a cowardly act. “Attacks on the families of opponents can only be termed as a cowardly act. What happened to the DG police's sermons on not involving families into war between two parties? These attacks by the forces are acts of state oppression,” he said. The JKLF Chief said, “Attacking the house of a youth Zeenat-ul-Islam, destroying fruit orchards and vandalizing residential houses and people's properties at Turkwangum, Sugan, and other villages in Shopian are the acts that can only be termed as cowardly.”
Attacking families of innocent people and creating havoc in the territory has exposed the high claims of morality, ethics and principles often propagated by Indian leaders and their Kashmiri stooges, Yasin Malik said. “Some time back, police chief SP Vaid had appealed for restraint in case of families and delivered sermons on not involving families into war between two parties. Now the forces attacked the family of a freedom fighter Zeenat-ul-Islam and other common people including men, women and children of the area, destroyed their residential properties and orchards, vandalised villages and beat people without the discrimination of age and gender.—KMS
Feb 2 (Reuters) - The Above Par Committee:
* THE ABOVE PAR COMMITTEE REPORTS 6.9 PERCENT STAKE IN PAR TECHNOLOGY CORP AS OF JANUARY 22, 2018 - SEC FILING‍​
* SAYS PURCHASED SHARES OF PAR TECHNOLOGY BASED ON BELIEF THAT SHARES, WHEN PURCHASED, WERE "UNDERVALUED‍​" Source text: (bit.ly/2DXfemf) Further company coverage:
ISLAMABAD, Dec 12 (APP):National Institute of Folk and Traditional Heritage (Lok Virsa) has planned Christmas celebrations with a ‘Christmas Mela' on December 22 at its premises.
The Mela was being arranged in collaboration with Federal Directorate of Education, Pur Fazal Kaliseya and St. Thomas Church.
Executive Director Lok Virsa Dr. Fouzia Saeed told APP that Lok Virsa envisions a pluralistic society with strong values of tolerance and harmony.
She said that in continuum of our tradition of celebrating our festivals to promote and strengthen these values, not only in Lok Virsa, but also in our communities, we have planned this special Mela.
A group of folk artists also perform at the venue to entertain the visitors through their beautiful performances.
Garments and food stalls would also be established at the premises of the Christmas Mela.
A Christmas tree would be erected at the venue and the cake cutting ceremony also being arranged at the ceremony.
Senior government officials, Religious scholars of Christian community, families and a large number of people from twin cities of Islamabad and Rawalpindi would attend the Mela.
“Aap apni freedom sambhal ke rakhna (Take care of freedom carefully),” the protagonists of Habib Faisal's Qaidi Band caution their audience in the trailer. Starring debutantes Aadar Jain and Anya Singh, the August 25 release narrates the stories of seven innocent undertrials who form a music band in prison in the hopes of being released for good conduct.
Faisal echoes the same sentiments as his impassioned inmates. “Freedom is taken for granted in the country,” Faisal told Scroll.in in an interview. “We are a country that struggled so hard for achieving freedom. Every 15th of August, we do honour the day by doing a performative ceremony, but how much do we value freedom?”
Play Qaidi Band (2017).
The director conceptualised the story by drawing on Tihar jail's popular music band Flying souls. “What fascinated me the most about the band was that a lot of the inmates were wearing civilian/regular clothes and not convict uniforms,” Faisal said. “Through that I got to know that there was a huge undertrial population. I wanted to create something around that and once I started doing research, I got know the horrors behind the undertrial system in India.”
The director called out the inability of the judicial system to address the legal needs of the country's population and the dearth of judges. “The film deals with people who are either innocent or have committed petty crimes due to societal pressure,” he said.
The writer and director cited the distressing experiences of Assamese undertrial Machang Lalung as pivotal towards pushing him to explore the issue. Lalung spent 54 years in prison, after which he was finally acquitted and proven innocent in 2005.
Qaidi Band is headlined by new faces. “Once the screenplay was ready, it became clear to me that to be able to create this world in an organic way, ideally it should not have any hangover of stars,” Faisal said. “The actors were put through workshops. Aadar was among ten other young men in the audition, where we wanted to see how each one one of them behaved in a group of actors.”
Qaidi Band|Image credit: Yash Raj Films.
Qaidi Band is not the only film that merges the themes of music and wrongful imprisonment. Ranjit Tiwari's September 15 release Lucknow Central, starring Farhan Akthar and Diana Penty, is also about a group of inmates forming a band in prison. Faisal, however, maintained that no two films can be the same.
“I don't know what themes Lucknow Central is exploring, because the same story can be explored in different themes,” he said. “The fact that two people were thinking of making a film with this element of a band is quite natural. Because most of us filmmakers get inspired by the stories around us.”
Before directing Ishaqzaade (2012) and Daawat-e-Ishq (2014) for Qaidi Band producer Yash Raj Films, Faisal made his debut with the Rishi Kapoor-Neetu Kapoor starrer Do Dooni Chaar (2010). “When Do Dooni Chaar released, Bela Negi's Daayen Ya Baayen too rolled out, which told the tale of a teacher getting a car,” he explained. “I had no clue that a film like that was being made. Ali Abbas Zafar was thinking of a story about wrestling and so was Nitesh Tiwary. And both Sultan and Dangal were very engaging films and they found their own audience. Similarly I am looking forward to watching Lucknow Central.”
Gloria
His second consecutive English language feature is a retooling, and not necessarily a remake of his 2013 critically well received drama of the same name, for this seventh feature film and first American film production Sebastián Lelio enlisted the services of Julianne Moore for the lead role. The Larrain bros. produced Gloria (2.0) along with U.S. based partners with filming having begun sometime around October of 2017.
Starring Moore, John Turturro, Michael Cera, Brad Garrett, Holland Taylor, and newcomer Caren Pistorius, this follows Gloria (Moore), a free-spirited woman in her 50s. Though lonely, she makes the best of her situation and fills her nights seeking love at social dance clubs for single adults in Los Angeles. Her fragile happiness changes the day she meets Arnold (Turturro). Their intense passion, to which she gives her all, leaves her vacillating between hope and despair, until she uncovers a new strength and realizes that now, surprisingly, she can shine brighter than ever.
Release Date/Prediction: Cannes or Venice.
Air India is the only Indian airline that operates direct non-stop flights from Delhi and Mumbai to US destinations such as New York, Newark, Chicago, Washington DC and San Francisco. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: State-run carrier Air India Ltd has restricted passengers bound for US from carrying “powder-like substance” such as sugar, ground coffee and cosmetics in handbags, an airline official said on Tuesday. The restriction has come after the US Department of Homeland Security issued a directive last month in view of heightened threat perception over “evolving techniques” of terrorists, he said. According to an Air India spokesperson, the carrier has started implementing the directive on its US flights.
Air India is the only Indian carrier that operates direct non-stop flights from Delhi and Mumbai to US destinations such as New York, Newark, Chicago, Washington DC and San Francisco. United Airlines of the US is the only other carrier operating direct flights from Delhi and Mumbai to American cities.
The Air India directive to its passengers said “carriage of any powder or powder-like substance in hand or carry-on baggage which is 350 ml or larger is prohibited.” Items affected will include flour, sugar, ground coffee, spices and cosmetics, it said. However, medically-prescribed powder-like substances, baby formula, and human remains (350ml) or larger may be transported in hand baggage in cabin of the aircraft, the directive available on Air India's official website said.
“Such powders if carried in any sealed containers will be inspected for signs of alteration or tampering to the packaging and if carried in containers that are unsealed or having signs of alteration or tampering will be inspected to ensure that the contents are consistent with the container/packaging,” it said.
Duty-free powder containers inside a properly sealed Secure Tamper Evident Bag (STEB) may be allowed through the checkpoint and transported in the cabin of an aircraft, the directive said. But powder-like substance of any quantity may be placed in checked baggage and transported in the baggage-hold area of the aircraft, the directive underlined.
Passengers boarding from the UAE—a popular destination for Indians—and other Gulf countries would also be affected by the US directive.
Emirates in a directive to passengers on its official website for flights to US destinations said powder-like substances in containers equal to or over 350 ml/grams have to be checked-in, and will not be allowed in carry-on belongings or cabin baggage. These items will be confiscated at Dubai as well as Milan and Athens, depending on the last point of departure. Powders under 350 ml/grams may be subject to additional screening.
With inputs from PTI
In November 2014, a caller said Barron "frustrates easily" and hits the children.
In the first half of 2015, two callers said Barron bruised and injured one of Anthony's brothers.
In September 2015, a caller said Anthony and his siblings were being hit by Leiva and a brother was dangled upside-down from the staircase. Another caller the same month said Leiva and Barron made the children squat for long periods. Yet another caller that month said Leiva slammed Anthony and one of his brothers onto the floor and locked the children in a room where he threw dirty diapers at them. Leiva also allegedly withheld food for up to 10 hours, and one of Anthony's brothers ate so ravenously that he regurgitated "because he was not sure when he would get another meal." That brother, the caller said, was not registered in school because the family was worried he would tell teachers about the abuse.
The same month, the reports said, Anthony went to live with his aunt and uncle. That stay was not long-lasting, however, and he went back to Leiva and Barron.
In April 2016, another caller said Leiva was again physically abusing the children and withholding food from them.
Department of Children and Family Services officials have previously said that some of the allegations by callers were marked "substantiated," and others were marked "inconclusive" or "unsubstantiated."
The aunt who briefly cared for Anthony, Maria Barron, said in an interview that Leiva and Heather Barron cut ties with her family following Anthony's stay with her that began in September 2015. She said Heather Barron wanted to prevent any additional reports to authorities. In the years since, she said, she saw the children at Walmart once, but Heather Barron quickly ushered them away when the women spotted each other.
DCFS Director Bobby Cagle declined to discuss further why Anthony was not removed earlier, citing ongoing investigations.
"Since this is a part of the criminal investigation, I must refer you to the sheriff to avoid the possibility of hindering prosecution," he said in a statement. "I am focused on co-operating with their investigation and getting to the bottom of what happened, and it would be wrong to speculate while that process is moving forward."
The Department of Children and Family Services has said in recent days that no workers have been placed on desk duty for their handling of the case and no case management errors have yet been identified.
A spokesperson for Los Angeles County Supervisor Kathryn Barger said the DA filing paints "a clearer picture of the senseless and horrific torture and murder of an innocent child at the hands of his own mother and her boyfriend." He added that Barger has asked for a report examining the case to be prepared and presented to the supervisors.
Parquet Courts on Ellen
Bless Ellen DeGeneres and her musical tastes. If she hears a catchy tune she can get down with, whether it's from a rap phenom like Future or indie favorites such as Spoon, she'll find space for it on her daytime talkshow. So even though the midday mom crowd doesn't seem like the proper audience for a band like Parquet Courts, it didn't stop DeGeneres from welcoming them to her show today.
The Brooklyn garage rockers supported their forthcoming LP, Wide Awake!, by delivering the album's title track. Accompanying them were a bunch of friends from Destruction Unit, Woods, The Ukiah Drag, and Drawing Boards, as well as Mary Lattimore. One of the guests even played along by clapping a giant clothespin. Check out the boisterous, grooving performance below.
Produced by Brian Burton, aka Danger Mouse, Wide Awake! follows 2016's Human Performance. It's out May 18th via Rough Trade.
ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - More than 300 Baloch separatist militants have surrendered over the past few months, Pakistani government officials said, after a ceremony to mark the downing of guns and militants' return to civilian life.
The surrenders are part of government efforts to end a decade-long insurgency in the southwestern Baluchistan province by offering amnesties and financial rewards to soldiers and commanders to help them re-integrate into the society.
In a high-profile ceremony on the lawn of the Baluchistan provincial assembly in the western city of Quetta, the regional capital, some 313 militants from three separatist movements handed over weapons to Nawab Sanaullah Zehri, the Chief Minister of the province.
“I will hug all that who believe in integrity and sovereignty of Pakistan but will not tolerate (those) who will challenge the writ of the State,” Zehri said at the ceremony on Saturday.
Pakistani government officials say about 2,000 militants have surrendered over the past 18 months. In April, the government held a similar ceremony where about 400 militants handed over their guns.
The latest ceremony saw surrenders by 143 militants from the Baloch Republican Army (BRA), 125 fighters from the Baloch Liberation Army (BLA) and 17 from Baloch Liberation Front (BLF), according to officials.
Under the agreement, foot soldiers are given 500,000 rupees ($4,700) and the top-level commanders receive about 1 million rupees ($9,500) to help them and their families build a life after militancy.
Baluchistan's government and the powerful army, which has a huge say in the running of Pakistan's poorest province, tout the amnesties as an effective way to reduce the power of separatists who accuse Islamabad of exploiting Baluchistan.
While security has improved in Baluchistan over the past few years, critics and human rights groups say the army has crushed dissent and free speech, while separatists accuse security officials of extra-judicial killings and enforced disappearances. The military denies abuse claims.
Pakistan's desire to dismantle the insurgencies has grown in urgency amid vast Chinese investment from Beijing's Belt and Road infrastructure splurge. China has frequently urged Pakistan to improve security, especially in Baluchistan.
A new transport corridor (CPEC) through Baluchistan, linking Western China with Pakistan's Arabian Sea port of Gwadar, is due to become operational in late 2018.
Separatists have vowed to disrupt CPEC, and earlier this week China warned its citizens of a security threat inside Pakistan.
DJI is working on a “local data mode” for its apps that prevents any data from being sent to or received from the internet. The feature will be welcomed by many, but it's hard not to attribute the timing and urgency of the announcement to the recent ban of DJI gear by the U.S. Army over unspecified “cyber vulnerabilities.”
“We are creating local data mode to address the needs of our enterprise customers, including public and private organizations that are using DJI technology to perform sensitive operations around the world,” said Brendan Schulman, the company's VP of Policy and Legal Affairs, in a press release. The new feature should arrive before the end of September.
The Army memo, first published at Small UAS News and dated August 2, said that “due to increased awareness of cyber vulnerabilities associated with DJI products, it is directed that the U.S. Army halt use of all DJI products.”
It's not clear what these vulnerabilities actually are, or whether the mere possibility of sensitive information being transmitted was enough to spook someone at HQ.
DJI's flight control apps, from which users can launch and control drones, does indeed regularly phone home to make sure it is up to date, using current maps and so on. And if the user chose to, it would back up flight logs and media to DJI's servers. But the online functions aren't necessary for ordinary operation and flight, so local data mode doesn't affect airworthiness or anything like that.
Although DJI was not made aware of the Army's concerns ahead of time, the new mode has been in development for several months, according to the press release. So either a little bird told the company this was a possibility, or more likely it's just a smart option to include when your craft and apps are being put into national security and life-and-death type situations.
A DJI representative told TechCrunch that today's announcement isn't in response to the memo. Schulman, however, told The New York Times that “the Army memo caused customers to express renewed concern about data security.”
These statements may seem contradictory, but it's not hard to imagine that when a major client like the Army raises security concerns, others will join the chorus. So DJI can say the announcement today wasn't in response to the memo — not directly, anyway. But chances are we wouldn't be hearing about the feature until later had the memo not been publicized.
“We're not responding to the Army, which has never explained its concerns to us,” explained Adam Lisberg, DJI's corporate comms director for North America, in response to my inquiries along these lines. “We're accelerating the rollout of something we've been working on for a while. We announced it today because enterprise customers with serious data security have made clear they need something like this for a while, and the Army memo reinforced that concern for them. So we're addressing it quickly as part of our commitment to delivering what our enterprise customers need.”
It matters because DJI isn't a military-specific drone maker, like General Atomics, which makes Predators — though the chances of a Chinese company ever being so are slim to say the least. It's also a matter of public image: they're a company looking out for consumers and the occasional government contract, not a major participator in the military-industrial complex.
Clearly the company wants to signal that it takes its feature requests not from foreign governments, but from its valued users all over the globe, of which the Army happens to be one.
By Jesse L. Jackson, Sr.
Prince Harry of Wales, sixth in the line of succession to the British throne, will marry the American actress Meghan Markle on Saturday, with all the ceremony and global hoopla that the British royalty inevitably attracts. Harry is the son of Charles, the Prince of Wales, and the late Princess Diana. What's notable about Prince Harry, however, is not so much the royal blood that he inherited, but the royal values that he has chosen to express.
Harry chose a military career, training at the Royal Military Academy at Sandhurst. He was pressured to take safe assignments far from the line of fire. But unlike the many leaders and national security advisers who posture tough but evade the draft or service in the military, he fought hard to stay with his unit and go into battle.
He stood with his unit in times of war. With them he shared risk. In 2007-8, he served on the front line in Helmand, Afghanistan, but was pulled after his presence was revealed and the Taliban pledged to throw all their resources into getting him.
He then trained as an Apache attack helicopter pilot and returned to Afghanistan in 2012 with the British Army Air Corps. That was more than a display of patriotism. It provided him with real world experience in battle — an experience that is always sobering, making leaders less casual about sending young men and women into combat across the world. Those who experience battle are often those who best understand why the use of military force should be avoided, undertaken only as a very last resort to avoid greater loss of life.
After leaving the military, Harry devoted time and energy to veterans, launching the Invictus Games for injured servicemen and women, and he remains a supporter of its foundation. He has traveled often to Africa. As a counselor of state, he visited children's homes in Lesotho and later launched Sentebale, the Princes' Fund for Lesotho, a charity to aid children orphaned by HIV/AIDS, a disease that has been a scourge in much of Africa. Last year, he became the president of African Parks, a conservation group. He joined volunteers to translocate elephants to repopulate areas that have been decimated by poaching and environmental destruction. He has called Africa his “second home,” and will continue to play a role in mobilizing concern for its challenges and attention for its accomplishments.
Harry's decision to wed Meghan Markle, an African-American actress, showed remarkable independence. Markle, a politically progressive, divorced, biracial, feminist Amer ican, does not exactly fit the royal tradition. Despite slurs of the tabloid press, she has captivated the British and people across the world like a breath of fresh air. Talking of her experience, she quipped, “It's time to focus less on glass slippers and more on glass ceilings.” In full swoon, the press has suggested that the enthusiastic reaction of the public to the remarkably stylish and thoughtful young woman might transform race relations in Britain, revolutionize the house of Windsor, and help strengthen U.S.-British relations strained in the time of Trump. That's far too much to load onto her shoulders, but there's no question that the union is a symbol of change.
“It is difficult to overstate how important it is to have a member of the royal family … who is mixed race and embracing her heritage and stating that is very much part of her,” historian Ted Powell told the Observer: “It is hugely positive for Britain, particularly in the wake of Brexit and the controversies of immigration policy and race.'
As an heir to the throne, Prince Harry's marriage needed the formal consent of his grandmother, the Queen of England. When she provided it, it provided an unprecedented royal seal of approval not simply of Ms. Markle but also of the diverse peoples of the Commonwealth. In itself, the marriage won't change race relations in Britain, or erase the legacy of colonialism across the commonwealth. It is a marker, not a motor force of change. But in a time of growing racial division and of leaders fanning hatred and nationalist furies, it is a marker that points in a hopeful direction. And that is worth celebrating.
We wish the newlyweds well.
Two men and a woman were on Sunday night (April 23) arrested with methamphetamine pills and Ice worth about 64 million baht in a raid at a rented room in a housing project in Krathum Baen district of Samut Sakhon by police and soldiers.
The drug suspects were identified as Namchai Sae Tia, 43, Panya Sae Sim, 43, and Ms Chananya Boonlert, 20.
Full story: thaipbs.or.th
By Thai PBS
Football Soccer - Premier League - Brighton & Hove Albion vs Manchester City - Brighton, Britain - August 12, 2017 Brighton's Lewis Dunk looks dejected after scoring an own goal and the second for Manchester City as Manchester City's Gabriel Jesus and Sergio Aguero celebrate
REUTERS - BRIGHTON 0 MANCHESTER CITY 2
A clinical Sergio Aguero strike and a Lewis Dunk own goal condemned Brighton to a losing return to the top flight as they went down 2-0 to Manchester City in the Premier League at the Falmer Stadium on Saturday.
City's Gabriel Jesus had two goals ruled out - for handball and offside - and Pep Guardiola's team struggled to break a stubborn Brighton side down until Aguero fired home a pass from David Silva to open the scoring in the 70th minute.
Five minutes later, Brighton defender Dunk slammed a header into his own net as he tried to clear a cross under pressure from Jesus, with the home side lacking the firepower to mount a comeback in the closing stages.
In the end it turned into a routine win for Spaniard Guardiola, who gave debuts to four of his new signings.
England full back Kyle Walker, who arrived from Tottenham Hotspur for a reported 50 million pounds ($65.06 million), was a constant menace on the right flank and was man of the match.
"We needed the win and it was good to get off to a good start, so we are happy," he said.
"I am enjoying working with the club, the lads have been so welcoming and I am enjoying my football. It is better to play with a smile on your face."
Football Soccer - Premier League - Brighton & Hove Albion vs Manchester City - Brighton, Britain - August 12, 2017 Manchester City's Sergio Aguero applauds fans after the match Hannah McKay
LATE BREAKTHROUGH
City's breakthrough came within minutes of Guardiola bringing on Leroy Sané, just one member of a star-studded bench from which Bernardo Silva and Raheem Sterling later emerged.
For Brighton, it was a disappointing top-tier return after 34 years, ironically against the same opponents who they faced in their final game before relegation in 1983.
Despite a wall of noise from the home fans, the Seagulls spent most of the game on the back foot, content to concede possession and setting up a compact defensive unit deep in their own half.
In the end they were undone by their own mistakes, with Dale Stephens caught in possession in the lead-up to Aguero's goal and Dunk's own goal sealing their fate in a game City should have won more comfortably given their 75 percent possession.
"It was always going to be difficult for us to score," said Brighton manager Chris Hughton.
"We have to make sure that come the end of the (transfer) window, we have a squad that can do well enough in this division. We have to win the games that we can do."
($1 = 0.7686 pounds)
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
2019 Chevrolet Corvette ZR1 at Virginia International Raceway Enlarge Photo
Chevrolet this week revealed that its 2019 Corvette ZR1 blasted around Virginia International Raceway's Grand Course West in a time of 2:37.25 during routine testing last month, beating the previous record set by a Ford GT by a full 1.37 seconds. Now, if the front-engine Corvette is already this fast, we can only imagine what the presumably faster mid-engine Corvette will muster.
2019 Infiniti QX50, first drive Enlarge Photo
We slid behind the wheel of the 2019 Infiniti QX50 and found its innovative engine to be a gem, its interior to be punching above its price point, and its infotainment system to be somewhat of a headache. Find out what it's like in our first drive review.
2018 Mercedes-Benz A-Class Enlarge Photo
Mercedes-Benz has once again raised the bar in the compact class with its latest A-Class. The car was revealed overnight in hatchback form and features an interior that puts many mid-size and even some full-size luxury cars to shame.
2017 Toyota Land Cruiser Enlarge Photo
If you miss the '90s, then the Land Cruiser is worth a look at for your next new ride. It feels like a time capsule with some modern tech thrown in for good measure, and you can expect it to last forever. Just be prepared for the monster fuel bills.
2018 Lister Thunder Enlarge Photo
Speaking of the '90s, British sports car marque Lister, which hasn't launched a new car since the decade, this week came out with a new Thunder sports car. We use the term “new” lightly, however, because the car unveiled by Lister is actually a modified Jaguar F-Type with 666 horsepower on tap.
2020 Cadillac CT5 spy shots - Image via S. Baldauf/SB-Medien Enlarge Photo
A new Cadillac sedan was spotted testing this week. It will go by the name CT5 and should be the closest embodiment of Cadillac's stunning Escala concept we're likely to see. Set to replace both the ATS and CTS, the CT5 will be sized like a BMW 5-Series but priced like a 3-Series when it debuts in 2019.
2018 Rezvani Beast Alpha X Blackbird Enlarge Photo
You're looking at the new Beast Alpha X Blackbird from California's Rezvani. The car is based on the chassis of a Lotus Elise and generates as much as 700 horsepower from a 2.5-liter turbocharged inline-4. That's the same amount of power generated by McLaren 720S's turbo V-8.
2018 Subaru BRZ tS Enlarge Photo
While the Beast above might have a little too much power to the handle, at the other end of the spectrum we have Subaru's BRZ. This week we slid behind the wheel of the BRZ tS edition. It's clear the tuned-by-STI model has perfected the BRZ's already capable handling. At the same time, it's exacerbated the issue of the car's lack of power.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mohamed Salah's injury in the Champions League final was punishment from God for breaking his Ramadan fast, an Islamic preacher has claimed.
The Liverpool forward was forced out of European football's showpiece event last weekend just 30 minutes into the game.
A tussle with Real Madrid defender Sergio Ramos left the Egyptian with an injured shoulder, which could rule him out of the World Cup in Russia this summer.
Salah initially claimed that he was going to continue fasting in the build-up to the Champions League final.
But a club physiotherapist confirmed that he would change his plans after speaking to the club nutriotionist.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Muslim's are allowed to break their fasting for travel purposes.
But Kuwaiti preacher Mubarak al-Bathali says Salah sinned by breaking his fast for the match, rather than the journey from Britain to Ukraine, which was "not a legitimate excuse".
"God punished him," he wrote on Twitter.
Al-Bathali claims that Salah was poorly advised and added: "Unfortunately, [he will] bear the burden."
(Image: Getty)
(Image: REUTERS)
He continued: "Do not think the Muslim believes that life is managed by reason and effort, but life is the hand of God comes to whom he will, whether hard or not diligent.
"Perhaps [the injury] is good for you."
Al-Bathali also claimed that Salah was a "virtuous, good and respected man" was a great ambassador for Muslims.
"Do not grieve, the door of repentance is open," he said.
AMES, Iowa -- Iowa State has added Colorado State transfer Prentiss Nixon, a 6-foot-2 guard who averaged a team-high 16.1 points per game as a junior last season for the Rams.
Nixon also hit 152 3-pointers in three seasons at Colorado State. He will sit out next season and be eligible to play in 2019-20, coach Steve Prohm said Tuesday.
The addition of Nixon, even if only for one season, would help bolster the Cyclones in the event that star point guard Lindell Wigginton bolts for the NBA. Wigginton is unlikely to be drafted this spring, but that could change next year if he returns to school and builds on an impressive freshman campaign.
Former Virginia guard-forward Marial Shayok will also sit next season at Iowa State under NCAA transfer rules.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Chevron Corp:
* CHEVRON REPORTS FOURTH QUARTER EARNINGS OF $3.1 BILLION, ANNUAL EARNINGS OF $9.2 BILLION
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $1.64
* Q4 SALES $36 BILLION VERSUS $30 BILLION
* WORLDWIDE NET OIL-EQUIVALENT PRODUCTION WAS 2.74 MILLION BARRELS PER DAY IN Q4 2017, COMPARED WITH 2.67 MILLION BARRELS PER DAY FROM A YEAR AGO
* INCLUDED IN QUARTER WERE NON-CASH PROVISIONAL TAX BENEFITS OF $2.02 BILLION RELATED TO U.S. TAX REFORM
* U.S. UPSTREAM OPERATIONS EARNED $3.69 BILLION IN Q4 2017, COMPARED WITH EARNINGS OF $121 MILLION FROM A YEAR EARLIER
* INTERNATIONAL DOWNSTREAM OPERATIONS EARNED $84 MILLION IN Q4 2017, COMPARED WITH $357 MILLION A YEAR EARLIER
* U.S. NET OIL-EQUIVALENT PRODUCTION OF 671,000 BARRELS PER DAY IN Q4 2017 WAS DOWN 11,000 BARRELS PER DAY FROM A YEAR EARLIER
* ALSO INCLUDED IN QUARTER WERE NON-CASH CHARGE OF $190 MILLION RELATED TO A FORMER MINING ASSET
* FOREIGN CURRENCY EFFECTS DECREASED EARNINGS IN 2017 Q4 BY $96 MILLION.
* INTERNATIONAL REFINERY CRUDE OIL INPUT OF 761,000 BARRELS PER DAY IN Q4 2017 DECREASED 40,000 BARRELS PER DAY FROM YEAR-AGO PERIOD
* CHEVRON - U.S. DOWNSTREAM OPERATIONS EARNED $1.20 BILLION IN Q4 2017 COMPARED WITH BREAKEVEN A YEAR EARLIER
* APPROVED A $0.04 PER SHARE INCREASE IN QUARTERLY DIVIDEND TO $1.12 PER SHARE, PAYABLE IN MARCH 2018
* CHEVRON - U.S. REFINERY CRUDE OIL INPUT IN Q4 INCREASED 16 PERCENT TO 834,000 BARRELS PER DAY
* CHEVRON - EXPECT 2018 PRODUCTION WILL CONTINUE TO GROW BY 4 TO 7 PERCENT, DRIVEN PRIMARILY BY AUSTRALIAN LNG, ACCELERATION OF PERMIAN DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $1.22, REVENUE VIEW $37.59 BILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* INTERNATIONAL UPSTREAM OPERATIONS EARNED $1.60 BILLION IN Q4 2017, COMPARED WITH $809 MILLION A YEAR AGO
* CHEVRON - NET CHARGES IN Q4 2017 WERE $3.46 BILLION, COMPARED WITH $872 MILLION A YEAR EARLIER
* CHEVRON - INTERNATIONAL NET OIL-EQUIVALENT PRODUCTION OF 2.07 MILLION BARRELS PER DAY IN Q4 2017 WAS UP 82,000 BARRELS PER DAY FROM A YEAR EARLIER
* QTRLY TOTAL REVENUES AND OTHER INCOME $37,616 MILLION VERSUS $31,497 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DRIVING down Barcoongere Way, in the middle of what feels like nowhere, it was a rare scene to see so many horse floats, vehicles and people in one isolated spot.
The story of Allan Walls' passing while riding the Dirty Creek Range over two weeks ago and his saddled horse Ben still on the loose in Yuragyir National Park was the reason for the gathering.
On Saturday, around 30 horse riders and 10 people in four-wheel drives and on foot took part in the search, scouring the area for fresh signs of Ben's shoed hoof prints.
Fresh tracks were found on Saturday meaning searchers could refine the area they were looking through for the next few days.
On Sunday, people met up once again to search and came across what appeared to be a brumby camping site with fresh tracks that weren't there the day before.
Allan's son, Marty Wall along with friends, family and strangers laid out fresh chaff in the hope of luring Ben into the area.
"It will be good to retrieve my dad's last horse he ever bought, plus his last saddle and have a conclusion to a never ending story,” Marty said.
"Dad was never cruel to any animals, we just want to stop the cruelty to the horse by having the saddle off and taking the bridle out of his mouth so he can have a decent feed.
"When dad owned something, he owned it for a long, long time. He looked after everything and treated everything good.
Photos View Photo Gallery
Marty said the search for Ben has been keeping his mind busy as it's all he's been doing for the past two weeks.
"It has helped in the passing of my father because not everything has been in your face at once, because it's taken who weeks, even though everyday still hurts, it hurts less everyday.
"I'd just had a conversation with dad in the morning about a few things and then waved goodbye to him at quarter to eight. I was getting picked up, he was coming out of the shed, his whip in his hand and said see you tomorrow morning. That was the last time I saw my dad alive.
Allan's wife Judy went down to Port Macquarie for her monthly bingo trip on the day of the incident and noticed Allan, his dog Rusty and horse Ben weren't back when she arrived home.
At 8.45pm that night, Marty and his brother found their dad with the help of Allan's dog Rusty.
"It's one of those surreal things that you never think about ever having to do but when you're doing it, it's like your watching yourself do it,” he said.
"Getting the word out through social media has been great. I love people I've never met before and what they've done.
"It's good to know people know what's happening.
"Everyone's thinking of the safety and well fare of a horse of a complete stranger and the compassion is amazing.
"Thank you very much to everyone who made the effort, put themselves out, wherever you came from, so appreciative from the family, bottom of our hearts.
With no luck on the weekend, Marty said he is going to have to start rattling some big bells this week.
On March 28, 2018, Zoo Miami welcomed the birth of its 52nd giraffe.
The adorable baby giraffe is the third calf for both mom Sabra and dad Titan. Although he was coming up on his six-week birthday, he was still without an official name. Main Street Children's Dentistry and Orthdontics is a long-time sponsor of Zoo Miami, so it seemed fitting that they would enhance their support through an animal naming opportunity for the newest member of the giraffe herd.
“The zoo has been a wonderful fit for our brand and our patients,” said Eduardo Laventman, Director of Main Street SEFL Region. “Naming this baby giraffe is both an honor and a way to support the Zoo Miami.”
Main Street has had SMILE SPOTS at the park for several years. They are animal themed face-in-hole signs that make the perfect place to stop for a photo.
When deliberating over possible naming options, we wanted to allign this naming opportunity with our current initiatives at Zoo Miami. After careful consideration, its been decided the baby giraffe will be named Tabasamu which means smile in Swahili. He will have a nickname of Taba.
“Zoo Miami Foundation is excited to partner with Main Street Dental again in support of our animals. The newest member of our giraffe herd will bring smiles to many of Zoo Miami's visitors faces! The chosen name Tabasamu is a perfect fit for our young male,” said William “Bill” Moore, Zoo Miami Foundation President and CEO.
Visitors can see Taba now with the rest of the herd at the Giraffe exhibit. Giraffe babies usually
weigh more than a hundred pounds at birth and stand nearly 6 feet tall. The status of giraffe in
the wild has recently been elevated from a “species of the least concern” to “vulnerable” by the
International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN) due to significant reductions in their populations over the last several years.
Main Street is a network of children's dentistry and orthodontic practices with 24 locations throughout Florida.
SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices on Wednesday fell back from more than three-year highs reached the previous session as rising U.S. fuel inventories and production weighed on an otherwise bullish market.
An oil pump is seen at sunset outside Vaudoy-en-Brie, near Paris, France April 23, 2018. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann
Brent crude oil futures LCOc1 were at $73.74 per barrel at 0238 GMT, down 12 cents from their last close and over $1.7 below the November-2014 high of $75.47 a barrel reached the previous day.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) futures were down 7 cents at $67.63 per barrel. That was also off the late-2014 highs of $69.56 a barrel marked earlier in April.
Despite Wednesday's dips, which traders said were also a result of profit-taking after Tuesday's highs, many analysts say the period of oversupply that started in 2014 has now ended due to supply disruptions and also strong demand.
That has been driven by production cuts led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) which were introduced in 2017 with the aim of propping up the market, but also because of political risk to supplies in the Middle East, Venezuela and Africa.
Because of the tighter market, the forward curve for Brent <0#LCO:> is now above $70 per barrel until the end of 2018, and prices are above $60 per barrel through 2020.
(For a graphic on the Brent crude oil forward curve click reut.rs/2FeQYHZ)
“Market sentiment is turning increasingly bullish towards the commodity,” said Lukman Otunuga, research analyst at futures brokerage FXTM.
Despite this, Otunga said “the sustainability of the rally is a concern” as it was fueled largely by political risk in the Middle East.
“With rising production from U.S shale still a key market theme that continues to weigh on oil prices, it will be interesting to see how much oil appreciates before bears enter the scene,” he said.
With most U.S. producers now profitable at prices under $40 per barrel and the forward curve significantly higher than that for years to come, American drillers will likely continue to increase output as they are able to hedge themselves profitably for the foreseeable future.
U.S. crude oil production C-OUT-T-EIA has already shot up by more than a quarter since mid-2016 to over 10.54 million barrels per day (bpd), taking it past Saudi Arabia's output of around 10 million bpd. Only Russia currently produces more, at almost 11 million bpd.
U.S. crude inventories rose by 1.1 million barrels in the week to April 20 to 429.1 million, according to a report by the American Petroleum Institute on Tuesday.
Official weekly U.S. fuel inventory and crude production data will be published on Wednesday by the Energy Information Administration (EIA).
(For a graphic on Russia vs Saudi vs U.S. oil production click reut.rs/2JlrzPq)
Hunts have another two qualifiers for the Bowls England national championships at Leamington in August with Catherine Popple (Parkway) and Karen Leader (Sawtry) qualifying from the two-bowl singles play-offs at Parkway.
Former international Popple defeated young clubmate Chloe Brett 17-15 in one of the semi-finals, while Leader beat Parkway's Merisha McKernan 16-11 in the other.
Chloe Brett.
n Hunts men suffered a second successive Middleton Cup inter-county championship defeat when they were beaten 98-117 by Hertfordshire at Brampton.
They won on two of the six rinks and drew on another, but now sit bottom of the table with just eight points from their two matches.
Their next match is away to Suffolk on Saturday week.
n The Hunts men's four-bowls singles got under way last week and out of 16 matches planned for the first round on Friday, only five were settled on the green with the remainder all walkovers.
n Whittlesey Manor and West Ward will meet in the third round of the Bowls England national Top Club competition following 3-2 victories over Parkway and Warboys respectively at the weekend.
n City of Peterborough were beaten 31-50 by Somersham in the Tony Allcock Trophy, the national mixed double rink competition.
SAN FRANCISCO -- The Washington Nationals put right-handed reliever Shawn Kelley on the 10-day disabled list Tuesday because of ulnar nerve irritation in his pitching elbow.
Kelley, who turns 34 on Thursday, has a history of elbow trouble and has twice come back from Tommy John surgery. He is scheduled to undergo an MRI test on his elbow when the Nationals return to Washington later this week.
"Same as yesterday," Nationals manager Dave Martinez said. "Hopefully, he gets better soon. He's sore, but he feels better."
Kelley felt some irritation in his elbow shortly after relieving starter Gio Gonzalez during the sixth inning of Monday night's 4-2 loss to the Giants.
Mac Williamson hit Kelley's first pitch 464 feet for a two-run homer. Kelley was pulled a few pitches later after bouncing a slider well in front of the plate.
Kelley said after the game that he didn't think it was anything serious, but Martinez said the Nationals were being cautious.
"He's had two surgeries, so we want to make sure we don't do any more damage and just give him a little breather," Martinez said.
The Nationals also optioned infielder/outfielder Matt Reynolds to Triple-A Syracuse and called up outfielder Rafael Bautista and infielder Adrian Sanchez.
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, Calif., is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack, and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges.
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit:
In his plea, Marquez admits that his friend, Syed Rizwan Farook, paid him for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015. That's when Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center. Marquez also admits he conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College (RCC) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California. Those plans never materialized.
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said, "While his earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center."
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it.
He did acknowledge that he was a "straw buyer" when he purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack.
According to a Justice Department statement:
"Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country," said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden. "It is purchases like Marquez's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino. The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form. It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community. In this case, the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack."
Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack, told The Associated Press that Marquez's plea agreement brought mixed emotions:
"It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day," the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said. "I'm relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it." She said she planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact her boyfriend's killing has had on her. In his last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding her from the bullets. "It is what it is," she said. "Nothing's going to bring him back."
Marquez is expected to formally enter his guilty pleas Thursday morning.
He has been in custody since he was ordered detained at his initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17, 2015.
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison.
For someone who seems to have everything or if you need a hostess gift, consider an arrangement from the unique flower shop, J'Adore Les Fleurs.
Located at 542 Palisades Dr. (in the Palisades Highlands Plaza), the store offers two types of arrangements: fresh flowers and everlasting roses. The latter are preserved roses that last from six months to a year. They are grown in Ecuador and if kept away from sunlight and moisture and kept in the hatbox/box, will continue to keep the look and feel of fresh roses month after month. Everlasting roses start at $99 in the mini box (seven roses) and the medium box is $275.
(Repeats to additional subscribers)
* May ends China trade trip with 9 billion pounds in deals
* Xi pledges upgraded “golden era” in relations
* But China cautious on Brexit
By William James
SHANGHAI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May left China on Friday with deals worth more than 9.3 billion pounds ($13.26 billion), at the end of a three-trade trade mission where President Xi Jinping pledged to upgrade their “golden era” in relations.
Britain is trying to reinvent itself as a global trading nation after a 2016 referendum decision to leave the European Union, and China, the world's second-largest economy, is high on the list of countries that Britain wants to sign a free trade agreement with.
Speaking at a business summit in China's commercial capital Shanghai, May said Britain was keen to help bring Xi's vision for globalisation and a more open Chinese economy to life.
“Meanwhile, the UK is preparing to leave the European Union. We're seizing the opportunity to become an ever-more outward-looking Global Britain, deepening our trade relations with nations around the world - including China,” she said.
Chinese investment is helping Britain develop infrastructure and create jobs, with some 50,000 British businesses importing goods from China and more than 10,000 sell their goods to China, she added.
“We've agreed on moves to bring more of the UK's internationally renowned food and drink to China, to open up the market to some of Britain's world-class financial services providers,” May said.
The 9.3 billion pounds in deals will create over 2,500 jobs across the United Kingdom, the British government said.
Britain's financial services firms alone secured deals worth more than 1 billion pounds and market access, that would lead to 890 jobs, it said, without giving details.
China sees Britain as an important ally in its call for more open global markets, despite widespread concerns in the foreign business community about the difficulty of operating in China, and both countries refer to a “golden era” in relations.
Meeting in Beijing late on Thursday, Xi told May the two countries should “add new meaning into the bilateral ties so as to forge an enhanced version of the ‘Golden Era',” according to state-run media.
China has also been appreciative of Britain's enthusiasm for the China-backed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank and Xi's Belt and Road initiative to build a new Silk Road.
In a front page commentary on Friday, the overseas edition of the People's Daily said Britain had shown “intelligence and pragmatism” in supporting Belt and Road.
“It is a model for other Western nations,” it said.
But Brexit has unnerved Beijing, concerned about losing an important voice supporting free trade in the European Union and what it may mean for market access to Europe for Chinese firms which have invested in Britain.
Still, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang told May on Wednesday that China's relations with Britain will remain unchanged through Brexit. ($1 = 0.7013 pounds) (Writing and additional reporting by Ben Blanchard in BEIJING; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
The Spice Girls are back to spice up your life. ‘
According to a statement released by the iconic girl group, “the time now feels right to explore some incredible new opportunities together. We all agree that there are many exciting possibilities that will once again embrace the original essence of The Spice Girls, while reinforcing our message of female empowerment for future generations.”
The statement is signed by all five members of the Spice Girls: Victoria “Posh” Beckham, Emma “Baby” Bunton, Geri “Ginger” Halliwell, Mel “Sporty” Chisholm, and Mel “Scary” Brown.
Prior to making the announcement, the Spice Girls were pictured together in London, meeting alongside their former manager Simon Fuller. Reports indicate that the group is considering several lucrative offers, including a TV talent show and a new compilation album. It's unclear whether there are any plans for live performances or new music.
Spice Girls previously reunited in 2012 to perform at the closing ceremony of the London Summer Olympics. In 2016, Bunton, Brown, and Halliwell announced a project called GEM, but it was later scrapped after Halliwell became pregnant.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Yes Bank Ltd:
* SAYS CAPITAL RAISING COMMITTEE APPROVED ISSUANCE AND ALLOTMENT OF NOTES FOR PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF US$ 600 MILLION Source text - bit.ly/2GHlb4E Further company coverage:
ISLAMABAD, Jan 2 (APP): Ambassador of Pakistan in Egypt Syed Mushtaq Ali Shah Monday reaffirmed all out support of the government of Pakistan to Pakistani crew on board the stranded cargo ship in the Red Sea off Port Tawfik in Egypt.
The ambassador said the embassy continued to provide food, water, medical care and also winter gear to them, in coordination with the Egyptian authorities, said a press release received here.
Head of Chancery, Farhan Ali, personally delivered 1100 kilograms of foodstuff, blankets, jackets and heaters to the crew on board the stranded ship.
He also apprised them on the efforts being made by the government not only to provide consular, legal and logistic assistance to them but also approaching their employer in The Netherlands and the Head Owner of the ship in Kuwait.
Moreover, they were also coordinating with the local lawyer to pursue their case in an Egyptian court of law.
The captain and the crew deeply appreciated efforts by the government and thanked the embassy for its efforts to address their grievances, especially in a complex situation, where their employer and the Head Owner of ship were not located in Egypt.
The captain further asked the embassy to arrange repatriation of four of the crew members.
The embassy was now completing their port formalities to enable them to return to Pakistan on January 5, 2017 at government's expense.
Stats: Team India create new record after whitewashing Sri Lanka
All the numbers from the final day of the Test series between India and Sri Lanka.
@aadyasharma20 by Aadya Sharma Stats 14 Aug 2017, 15:39 IST
India completed a comprehensive whitewash over Sri Lanka at Pallekele
As expected, Sri Lanka failed to put on even a semblance of a fight on the third day of the final Test, stumbling to an innings defeat to complete a humiliating whitewash. After another big first innings score, much like the first two Tests, the Indian bowlers hardly gave the Lankan batsmen a chance to survive.
India unearthed a new gem in Hardik Pandya, while proven stars like Ravichandran Ashwin, Cheteshwar Pujara and Ajinkya Rahane strengthened their reputation by stitching strong performances away from home.
Here are all the numbers from the final day of the series:
0 - Before today, Sri Lanka had never lost two consecutive Tests by an innings at home.
1 - This is the first time India have whitewashed the opposition in an away Test series of 3 or more matches.
2 - This win (innings and 171 runs) is India's second biggest away win. The previous best was against Bangladesh (innings and 239 runs), at Dhaka 10 years ago.
2 - Virat Kohli is now second on the list of captains with the most wins after their first 29 Tests at the helm. In comparison to Kohli's 19 wins, Ricky Ponting and Steve Waugh had 21 Test wins each.
2 - This was only the second time that Sri Lanka have been whitewashed at home. The previous instance was against Australia in 2004.
3 - This is the third time no individual has scored a 50 in a home Test for Sri Lanka. The previous instances were (at least one completed innings):
vs Pak, Kandy, 1986
vs SA, SSC, 1993
4 - This was the fourth instance that Sri Lanka had lost a home Test inside three days. The last time it happened was against Pakistan at Kandy in 2006.
5 - India have now managed to win their last five Tests in Sri Lanka. However, Sri Lanka are yet to win a Test match in India.
5 - This is the fifth whitewash by India in a Test series with three or more Tests.
8 - This is the eighth time a visiting side have whitewashed the hosts in a series featuring three or more Tests. The last time it happened was when Australia humiliated South Africa in 2006.
9 - With nine wins, India (24 games) are the most successful away Test side in Sri Lanka, beating Pakistan's record of eight wins.
37.53 - Sri Lanka's difference of 37.53 between batting and bowling averages is the highest for them in a home series (2+ Tests). The previous was 30.14 versus Pakistan in 1994.
A tweet from the University of Toledo's verified account was taken down Tuesday afternoon after the tweet, which promised to change the school's mascot to Shrek if there were 500,000 retweets, started gaining serious traction.
It appears as though the University Of Toledo has deleted its promise to change its mascot to Shrek if it got 500K retweets. Was getting roughly 1,000 retweets a minute towards the end. pic.twitter.com/fqrQPUItkv — Darren Rovell (@darrenrovell) April 24, 2018
"The tweet was meant to be fun, but it caused too much of a distraction," school spokesperson Christine Billau said in an email to ESPN.
The tweet was up for more than three hours and had accumulated nearly 91,000 retweets. As more and more publications and handles picked up the tweet, the number of retweets gained momentum.
At the time the post was taken down, the tweet was averaging roughly 1,000 retweets per minute.
It was doubtful that even 500,000 retweets would result in a change of Toledo's mascot. DreamWorks Animation owns 12 trademarks to the cartoon ogre, which has generated more than $5 billion in revenue for the company.
Rocky the Rocket has been the mascot of the school's sports teams since 1966, last receiving an updated costume in 2008.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Clown Shoes
I've been privy to my own little stout fest lately. All I've wanted are dark and creamy beers, preferably with a high ABV. Quite a few of these brews came before me this week, many accompanied by the “imperial” tag, meaning they're bigger and badder than their little stout cousins. They've been delicious.
Enough is enough, however. I made an especially fantastic dinner tonight. I felt a bit fancy and made myself a pizza with arugula, artichoke hearts, some herbed goat cheese and other veggies. I'm going to try not to break my arm patting myself on the back, but no promises. It turned out remarkably well.
The flavors were subtle and herby rather than big and bold, however, and I cringed when I opened the fridge and saw a bunch of stouts. First, if I cracked open one of those bad boys, I wouldn't taste this food I spent way too long making. Second, I was about to eat at least half a pizza. Stouts are quite filling. Ain't nobody got time for that.
Standing amid them was a bottle of Clown Shoes Beer's Galactica, an IPA. I had waited for an appropriate occasion to try it. One look at the bright red shoes the character on the label wore, and I was pretty certain this would be it. A clown was involved. What could possibly go wrong?
Every time I have a beer by these people, I have to ask myself a very big question: Why am I not drinking more Clown Shoes brews? The beermaker has many more varieties than I've tried, but each time I do taste one, I find myself impressed and craving more. Clown Shoes' Blaecorn Unidragon Russian Imperial Stout is superb, and I hoped Galactica would follow suit.
The caramel-colored pour had a sandy head on top that never really went away. The scent held a lot of citrus, which I'm sure came from the hops. There also was plenty of caramel malt, with the burnt sugar-sweetness of the barley filling the nose. Subsequent sniffs brought out other hop characteristics, including floral and herby notes.
The taste really followed suit. First up was copious amounts of caramel malt. It just sat on the tongue with its pleasant, not-too-sweet flavor. It gave way to the pretzel-like qualities of the grain, which in turn yielded to the hops. The hops were where this beer gained its distinction, just like any good IPA would. There are notes of grapefruit, pine trees, oranges and bitterness. That bitterness was nice, as it cut the sweetness a little bit and added a certain savory quality, like salt on caramel, that made me want to keep drinking more.
Golly, Clown Shoes, you make some good beer. I have no regrets on breaking up my run of stouts. In truth, I ended up eating most of the pizza before I really started in on the beer, and I'm glad. It made quite the delicious dessert. I might just have to dig through my bottles to see what else I have by this delightful brewery. They're certainly worth more of my time.
Jay Gruden explains that his team never got the running game moving and credits Giants coach Ben McAdoo's defense. (0:47)
Gruden: 'Just like that your season is over' (0:47)
LANDOVER, Md. -- Expanding on the disappointment wasn't necessary for Washington Redskins corner Josh Norman. The Redskins had blown a chance to earn a playoff spot. Norman wasn't about to mince words.
"That was disgusting," he said. "That was despicable."
The Redskins' 19-10 loss to the New York Giants ended their playoff hopes. All they had to do was win and hope the Green Bay-Detroit game didn't end in a tie.
Instead of celebrating their first back-to-back playoff seasons since 1991-92, the Redskins will bemoan their lost chances. They finished 8-7-1 and a game out of the playoffs after winning the NFC East with a 9-7 mark last season.
This time, the final culprit was a Kirk Cousins interception with 1:27 left in the game, when he ran up into the pocket and forced a pass over the middle. Plays such as that will lead to numerous questions about Cousins' future in Washington; he's a free agent, but he could end up with the franchise tag again.
Editor's Picks Redskins lose to Giants 19-10, blow chance to make playoffs Facing an opponent with nothing to play for, the Washington Redskins blew their chance to make the playoffs with an uninspired 19-10 loss to the New York Giants on Sunday.
"He belongs in the NFL as a starting quarterback, that's for sure, and hopefully it's here," Redskins coach Jay Gruden said.
Cousins and the Redskins' offense were shut out in the first half and managed a season-low 284 total yards. Cousins threw two interceptions, though one occurred when the receiver slipped out of his break inside the Giants' 10-yard line. The second pick was all on Cousins and was his 12th of the season.
"This isn't my first time dealing with this," Cousins said. "All I know is it's going to give me an edge. I'm going to go into this offseason with a hunger that has always been there, but certainly, when the season ends this way, it will be there, and it will be strong."
There will be plenty of other questions after the Redskins went 2-4 down the stretch and lost their last two home games. Washington must decide if it wants to make a change at defensive coordinator with Joe Barry. The Redskins' offensive coordinator, Sean McVay, has drawn attention for the Los Angeles Rams' head-coaching vacancy. Sources told ESPN's Dan Graziano that the Rams have expressed interest in McVay.
But the immediate feeling for Washington was frustration. The Redskins lost four games by eight points or fewer, and Sunday's game would have ended at 13-10 if not for a fumble recovery for a touchdown by the Giants on the last play of the game.
"We lost too many games just like this, when we were a play or two away," said defensive end Chris Baker, a pending free agent. "Good teams make those plays. Teams that don't are at home watching the games like us."
Before turning to address the media, Norman sat at his locker with his back to the cameras, rubbing his head and his face, reflecting on the game. Others took a long time getting dressed too. Linebacker Mason Foster was the last player to leave.
"It's tough," Foster said. "It's going to haunt you all the way into next season."
Petra Kvitova shook off a first-set loss to advance at the Western & Southern Open in Cincinnati on Monday, and Kristina Mladenovic became the first seeded player to be eliminated.
Editor's Picks Federer latest to pull out of Cincinnati event Roger Federer will not play in the Western & Southern Open, as the Cincinnati-based tournament announced Monday that he is unable to play due to a back injury.
Kvitova, the No. 14 seed, beat Anett Kontaveit 1-6, 7-6 (2), 6-3. Mladenovic, seeded 13th, fell 6-0, 7-6 (6) to Daria Gavrilova.
Beatriz Haddad Maia advanced with a 6-3, 6-2 win over Lauren Davis, and Lesia Tsurenko crafted a comeback win, defeating Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova 5-7, 7-6 (6), 6-0.
In men's play, Richard Gasquet and wild card Tommy Paul advanced in straight sets. Gasquet eased past qualifier John-Patrick Smith 6-4, 6-4, and Paul beat fellow American Donald Young 6-4, 7-6 (4).
Also advancing in straight sets were Fabio Fognini with a 7-6 (5), 6-4 win over Daniil Medvedev, qualifier Mitchell Krueger with a 6-2, 6-1 win over Benoit Paire, and Feliciano Lopez with a 7-6 (5), 6-1 win over Hyeon Chung.
Ivo Karlovic needed three sets to knock out Jiri Vesely 6-3, 3-6, 7-5.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
World Cup 2018: Team of the round of 16
Ben Winfield FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 902 // 04 Jul 2018, 17:20 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
FBL-WC-2018-MATCH57-URU-FRA
We have had a thrilling start to the knockout stages in the most exciting World Cup we have had for a number of years. We've had eight matches in the round of 16, all of which have thrown up a story or two.
France knocked out Argentina in the tie of the round, with Kylian Mbappe the star of the show, scoring twice. Later on, Cristiano Ronaldo joined Lionel Messi in leaving Russia early, when Portugal were beaten 2-1 by Uruguay.
Spain were the shock casualties of the round, going out on penalties to hosts Russia, who despite all the pre-tournament doubts and criticism, reached the quarter finals for the first time since 1970. In that quarter final they will play Croatia, who also won on penalties, beating Denmark in a dramatic shootout.
Brazil are still favourites for the title with the bookies, and they eased to the quarter finals with a win over Mexico, who it looks liked peaked too early with their surprise win over Germany in their opening game. They set up a mouth-watering tie with Belgium, who snatched a last-minute victory over Japan, coming from 2-0 down to win 3-2.
Sweden progressed past the round of 16 for the first time since 1994 with a 1-0 win over Switzerland, in what was perhaps the least exciting of the ties. Sweden's opponents in the quarter finals will be England, who finally ended their penalty shootout hoodoo with a win over Colombia, with Jordan Pickford the hero.
There were some standout individual performances in the round of 16, and these were the players who put in the best ones.
Goalkeeper
Kasper Schmeichel (Denmark)
Croatia v Denmark: Round of 16 - 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia
Sadly, his nation's game with Croatia was the final one Schmeichel will play at this tournament, but he certainly made his mark with a superb performance. He sent the game to penalties, denying Luka Modric in the final minutes of extra time.
He made an impact in the shootout as well. He saved from Milan Badelj, and later Josip Pivaric, but it wasn't enough to keep his side in the tournament.
In recent weeks, legendary musician/shit-stirrer Morrissey has offered up some soundbites that, in the context of our world's current discourse regarding sexual assault, were a bit ghoulish. “Some people are very awkward when it comes to romance,” he told Der Spiegel in regards to particular men accused of sexual assault. He expressed a similar sentiment in an interview with The Times, calling what women perceive as sexual harassment merely a “a pathetic attempt at courtship.” He was also quoted as saying he'd kill Donald Trump “for the safety of humanity.”
Now, in a lengthy Facebook posting titled, “The Slander System,” the singer has sought to clarify, in the most simple words, his stances on the myriad topics on which he's been asked of late. He writes:
“Would I kill Donald Trump? No, never.
Would I support Kevin Spacey's private proclivities? No, never.
Would I ever support abuse of children? No, never.
Would I support sexual harassment? No, never.
Would I support rape? No, never.
Would Der Spiegel convey my views fairly? No, never.
Would I ever again speak to print media? No, never.”
Morrissey also claims he'll never speak to print media again, decrying print media as being “infatuated with their own reflection and do not want yours.”
Read his full statement below, which he likely wrote while not performing at one of the several live performances he's postponed or canceled over the last week.
Nose To The Groin Stone and Simper Fi December 8, 2017
Nose To The Groin Stone
I'm a woman, and I recently made a new professional connection — a man who's excited about my work. We're planning on doing a big important project together. I'm worried that he's interested in me romantically (based on a few things he's said). I'm not interested in him in that way. What's the right thing to say to get that across?
—All Business
It's tempting to get everything out in the open right away: “I've run the numbers on your chances of having sex with me, and they're pretty close to the odds of your being crushed to death by a middle-aged dentist falling out of the sky.”
Informing a guy pronto that you aren't romantically interested in him — though in somewhat kinder language — would be the right thing to do if he were just some persistent Tinder date you wanted to unload forever. But you're hoping to have a continuing business relationship with this guy. So even if it were wildly obvious that he has the hots for you, the last thing you should do is mention that particular elephant in the room (not even while you're pole-vaulting over steaming mountain ranges of elephant dung).
Cognitive psychologist and linguist Steven Pinker points out that “most social interaction” involves some conflicting goals — for example, when only one of two people is interested in ending the evening in the tool shed/sex dungeon. (Yes, sometimes the nightcap is a rubber hood.)
Pinker explains that “indirect speech” — not saying exactly what you think or want — is a way two people can maintain their relationship as it is (even when both suspect or are pretty sure that their desired outcomes are in sharp conflict). The sometimes tiny measure of ambiguity — uncertainty about another person's goals — that is fostered by indirect speech does a big job. It allows the person who wants something the other doesn't to save face, enabling the two to preserve their common ground.
So, your refraining from telling the guy that you aren't interested (in so many words) allows him to cling to the ego-preserving possibility that you might be. If he goes direct on you — tells you he wants to sex up your business relationship — that's when you likewise get explicit: Tell him straight out that you want to keep things strictly professional. However, this may not be necessary if you act in ways that say “just business!” Avoid going flirty in communicating with him, and schedule meetings for the utterly unsexiest times and places possible. Nobody ends up doing the walk of shame because they had seconds on biscotti and one too many double espressos.
Simper Fi
There's always been an attraction between this guy and me. I've been thinking of testing the waters with him romantically, but he recently mentioned that he freaks out when women cry. He says he just has no idea what to do. Well, I'm an emotional person — generally happy but also a big crier. Are we a bad match, or could I teach him to soothe me?
—Waterworks
Most men are comfortable dealing with any leaky item — as long as it can be fixed with an adjustable wrench and a Phillips screwdriver.
If there's a decoder ring for human emotion, it's the female brain. Psychologist Simon Baron-Cohen finds that men, generally speaking, just aren't as good as women at what's called “theory of mind” — the ability to “infer what other people might be thinking or intending.” He explains that women, from childhood on, tend to be the “empathizers” of the species, driven to identify others' “emotions and thoughts, and to respond with the appropriate emotions” (say, by hugging a teary-eyed person instead of treating them like a statue weeping blood).
In contrast with female “empathizers,” Baron-Cohen describes men as the “systematizers” of the species. This is a fancy way of saying they're engineering-focused — driven, from a young age, to identify how inanimate stuff works and “derive the underlying rules that govern the behavior of a system.” However, these are “reliable” rules, like the law of gravity — “What goes up must come down“ — nothing helpful for fathoming what the girlfriend's got swirling around in her head when she suddenly goes all funeralface.
Typically, women believe “If he loved me, he'd figure it out.” Um, no. Not here in realityland. Assume most heterosexual men are sucky at emotional tea leaf reading. When you're in boohooville (or on your way), tell a man what you're feeling and how he could help — for example, by just listening and rubbing your back. In time, this may help him avoid reacting to the welling of that very first tear by diving behind the couch and yelling, “Incoming! One o'clock! Alpha team, flank left!”
New Mix: Beach House, Tank And The Bangas, Stevie Wolf, More
toggle caption Courtesy of the artists
We open this week's show with a look at our 2018 Tiny Desk Contest winner, Naia Izumi. He's an artist based out of Los Angeles with a phenomenal voice and breathtaking technique on guitar. Naia is also incredibly charming with a profoundly moving personal story about how he came to music and what it has meant to him over the years. You can read more about him and watch his winning video here.
Also on this week's show: Last year's Tiny Desk Contest winner, Tank And The Bangas, has just released the band's first new music since signing with Verve Forecast; another phenomenal guitarist, Rafiq Bhatia of the band Son Lux, has a mind-bending new solo album called Breaking English; the Arkansas native and rock guitarist who goes by the name Welles has powerful new elegy to lost youth called "Seventeen," from his upcoming full-length debut Red Trees And White Trashes; guitarist and singer Stevie Wolf infuses his bluesy electro-rock with humor and heart, and the dream-pop group Beach House turns up the volume for its latest single, "Dark Spring."
Water Microbial Fuel Cells Could biotic technology transform wastewater treatment? « Previous Laura Sanchez • May 30, 2018
Cellular respiration is one of the fundamental biological processes necessary for life. During this metabolic reaction, cells convert biochemical energy from nutrients into adenosine triphosphate (ATP). The process involves breaking down molecules and freeing electrons. The movement of these electrons affords opportunities for energy production. Microbial fuel cells (MFCs) capitalize on the respiration process by collecting the electrons released by bacteria. Inside a fuel cell, the bacteria on an anode metabolizes organic matter, breaking it down into hydrogen ions, carbon dioxide, and electrons. The electrons flow from the anode to the cathode through a wire, generating an electrical current. Hydrogen passes through a permeable membrane to the cathode to combine with dissolved oxygen and ions to form H2O. Are you subscribed to Water Efficiency magazine? Click here for a free subscription!
In theory, any substance able to be metabolized by microorganisms can function as the feedstock for a microbial fuel cell. Therefore, urban sewage, agricultural or food waste, as well as various industrial wastewaters can be utilized as a valuable material. When used in wastewater treatment plants, MFCs simultaneously treat water while producing electricity.
A recent report by Micro Market Monitor indicates that key drivers of the microbial fuel cell market are an ever-increasing demand for energy, interest in sustainable industry, and the need for resource conservation. According to the report, “The global microbial fuel cell market is projected to grow from an estimated USD 9.0 million in 2017 to USD 18.6 million by 2025, at a CAGR of 9.5% from 2017 to 2025.”
However, there are a number of factors limiting the market's growth as well. Researchers cite inconsistent power production and low power density as factors that have restricted the number of MFC installations worldwide.
A 2017 study conducted by Li He, Peng Du, et al. titled Advances in Microbial Fuel Cells for Wastewater Treatment evaluated some of the primary challenges for MFCs in wastewater treatment including scalability and power output. In order to boost the economic feasibility of such projects, the study suggests the integration of MFCs with other distributed energy resources within a treatment plant's energy network.
In a separate study, V.G. Gude explains that, “MFC technology represents a unique and novel platform to process waste and wastewater sources that allows for energy and resource recovery along with water sanitation in a single configuration. They have the potential to provide the paradigm shift for wastewater treatment from ‘environmental protection' to ‘resource recovery.'”
What are your thoughts? Do you think that microbial fuel cells could be transformative for wastewater treatment? What needs to happen in order for this technology to gain momentum?
SPOILER ALERT: Do not keep reading if you have not seen Season 7 Episode 5 of “Game of Thrones,” titled “Eastwatch”
This week's “Game of Thrones” not only saw Ser Jorah Mormont return to the service of Daenerys Targaryen, but another fan favorite made a long-awaited return as well.
Gendry, the blacksmith and bastard son of King Robert Baratheon, gets tracked down in Kind's Landing by Ser Davos and signs up to join Jon Snow on his journey beyond The Wall to capture a wight. The last time we saw Gendry, played by Joe Dempsie, Davos had set him rowing a boat from Dragonstone to avoid being killed by Stannis and Melisandre in the end of Season 3.
Variety spoke with Dempsie about his return to the show, getting “spoiler trained,” and how he has stayed a fan in the years since his departure. Read the full interview below.
How does it feel having been away from the show for so long and now coming back so close to the end?
It feels kind of perfect from a personal point of view. I can't speak for everyone but I think most actors in the show, if you ask them what they want for their character…I think the majority of us would say, ‘I just want a part to play in the end game.' So hopefully by staying out of harm's way for three seasons, I hopefully get to survive a bit longer.
Have you been keeping up with the show since your last appearance?
I have. It's been really nice. The first three seasons, I became a big fan of the show. So not being in it for three it was nice, watching the new seasons come out as a fan. And the cast are all so spoiler trained that even if you were just hanging out with them in London somewhere and asked them an off the cuff question, they would say, ‘Do you want to know what we've been filming?' So I would keep myself purposefully in the dark about what to expect in the new seasons.
You mentioned being “spoiler trained.” What has your experience been with that?
That was one of the main differences in going back in this year. It's just the small practical things they have to do to make sure that nothing gets out. A filming schedule is a rarely spotted thing. If you can get your hands on it you have to kind of devour it then give it back. We don't really know the scenes we're shooting until the week before. The call sheets are all sort of coded, so your character name is something completely different. Unless you had the key you'd have no idea which characters are in scenes with which other characters. Then just other things like, you get given a set of sides in the morning–which is like the script for what you're shooting that day. You have to sign for them and then make sure you give them back in the end of the day or someone gets in trouble.
There was that infamous picture of you arriving in the Belfast airport last year before filming, which tipped people off Gendry would be returning. What was your reaction when you saw that?
That day, that was me travelling to Belfast for my first meeting about Season 7…It just happened to be an unusually hot September day in London. I remember thinking as I left for the airport, ‘Is it a bit uncouth to show up for rehearsals in shorts and flip flops?' But it was so hot I couldn't even contemplate putting jeans on so I decided just to go for it…I'd been on Irish soil for 15 minutes, very conscious of the fact that if people spot me there might be an issue. I was walking through the arrivals area and I just looked to the side and there's this guy there with his camera phone. I thought, ‘Maybe I misread that situation.' Then I woke up the next morning to a bunch of messages on my phone. One of them was a link to a Vanity Fair article. I think by that point it had gone to every major entertainment publication there is.
What's been your favorite storyline to watch since leaving the show?
That's an interesting one. I always liked to follow what's going on with Maisie, so Arya's storyline. The fact she spent such a considerable amount of time with The Hound was great because he's also one of my favorite characters. I like the Ramsay Bolton storyline too. I think that one of the things ‘Thrones' does really well is create villains you love to hate and they're played by actors who are so gifted and talented. The force of the vitriol people feel for these characters are so strong. When they do get their just desserts it's kind of bittersweet because you realize what an incredible performance it was.
Finally, who do you think should end up on the Iron Throne?
I think Tyrion should, really. Not if you're looking at sort of birthrights or family trees and all that, but I just think as a character he is constantly surprising you. He's a favorite for a number of reasons, not just for his witty one-liners. He's a genuinely compassionate person because of the life he has lived. Even though he was born into a family of privilege, he's not had an easy life at all. I would like to think that makes him a pretty good leader.
TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras (AP) — Honduras' electoral court finished a hand recount of votes in nearly 5,000 ballot boxes Sunday, saying results were “extremely consistent” with original data for the presidential election two weeks earlier despite delays, irregularities and allegations of fraud leveled by the main opposition candidate challenging President Juan Orlando Hernandez.
Court president David Matamoros said the recount of less than one-third of the total number of boxes showed that tallies done at polling stations were well-executed. He said later that the court was now proceeding to the phase of considering electoral challenges, some 150 of which it had received.
The court published what it called a final count Sunday night, showing 43 percent for Hernandez and 41.4 percent for challenger Salvador Nasralla, virtually identical to the pre-recount tally.
The court still did not declare a winner, however. It has 30 days from the contest to do so, potentially placing an announcement during the holiday season.
Nasralla has demanded a full recount and refused to recognize the results, calling them fraudulent. His alliance called for a nationwide strike Monday, including blockades of the country's main highways.
“The action is due to the fact that we do not accept the results of the elections,” party leader Juan Barahona said.
Thousands of Nasralla supporters protested in multiple cities.
“They have stolen the votes from us,” Nasralla said at a march in the capital that ended in a three-hour demonstration outside the U.S. Embassy. “This country will be ungovernable starting now.”
Nasralla accused the United States, the European Union and the Organization of American states of being “accomplices to fraud.”
U.S. Charge d'Affaires Heide Fulton issued a statement reiterating “our call for all involved in the electoral process to support a transparent, impartial, timely and peaceful determination of the election result, consistent with Honduran law, in a manner that maximizes citizen participation and represents the will of the Honduran people as expressed in the November 26 election.”
Observers from the EU and the OAS have said numerous irregularities have not allowed them to be certain about the results' validity.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Cosmetics maker Estee Lauder Cos Inc reported quarterly revenue that beat analysts' estimates on Friday, helped by strong demand for Too Faced and Becca products and customizable gift options during the holiday season.
Sales rose 16.7 percent to $3.74 billion, beating analysts' estimate of $3.68 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
However, net income fell to $123 million, or 33 cents per share, in the second quarter ended Dec. 31, from $428 million, or $1.15 per share, a year earlier, as the company incurred a one-time tax charge of $394 million following the recently passed U.S. tax bill. (Reporting by Karina Dsouza and Nivedita Balu in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D‘Couto)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
I've routinely covered the curse of so-called umbrella working.
It can afflict anyone who's self-employed in a range of trades from building to teaching and involves a string of firms from recruitment agencies to payroll outfits taking a cut of your wages.
This latest case, however, is something else.
I've seen payslips dating from March and April for a subcontractor with the construction giant Munnelly Group plc , which boasts of working on “the most prestigious projects that the UK has to offer”, including HS2 and Heathrow Terminal 5.
Managing director Phil Munnelly, 62, says they're aiming for a £120million turnover.
The payslips passed to the Mirror show that the subcontractor got his wages through a different company, called Bishopsgate.
Each week it took a cut of £42.95 for what was described as “company margin”, and another £2.50 for insurance.
But who is Bishopsgate? The payslip doesn't give any company details.
The website BishopsgatePay.co.uk is strangely silent on its “about us” page as well as the “contact us” page. But click on the privacy policy and you'll discover this: “Reference to ‘we', ‘us', ‘subsidiary', ‘Group', ‘our' and/or ‘Munnelly' is a reference to the Munnelly Group plc and its subsidiaries.”
(Image: Google streetview)
Indeed, the companies share the same office address in Harrow, north London, and Phil Munnelly was a director of both Munnelly Group and Bishopsgate Business Solutions until resigning from the latter at the end of last month, and remains a director of Bishopsgate Contracting Solutions.
None of them have replied to my emails, but Unite , Britain's biggest union, was happy to do so.
“This is a new low for the construction industry,” said national officer for construction Jerry Swain.
“Not only are Munnelly requiring workers to operate on low pay rates but they then take a further slice of their wages through paying them via Bishopgate, which is their own company.
“This is all about boosting the profits of cynical employers, who divest themselves of any responsibility for the workers they are actually employing.”
Archive Select Month January 2017 (4) December 2016 (44) November 2016 (55) October 2016 (49) September 2016 (47) August 2016 (43) July 2016 (57) June 2016 (51) May 2016 (52) April 2016 (51) March 2016 (46) February 2016 (40) January 2016 (37) December 2015 (38) November 2015 (36) October 2015 (51) September 2015 (58) August 2015 (63) July 2015 (52) June 2015 (49) May 2015 (40) April 2015 (47) March 2015 (43) February 2015 (49) January 2015 (39) December 2014 (41) November 2014 (42) October 2014 (40) September 2014 (44) August 2014 (51) July 2014 (45) June 2014 (46) May 2014 (46) April 2014 (55) March 2014 (77) February 2014 (68) January 2014 (70) December 2013 (60) November 2013 (60) October 2013 (80) September 2013 (69) August 2013 (51) July 2013 (88) June 2013 (113) May 2013 (93) April 2013 (127) March 2013 (97) February 2013 (72) January 2013 (83) December 2012 (73) November 2012 (80) October 2012 (86) September 2012 (78) August 2012 (74) July 2012 (73) June 2012 (67) May 2012 (78) April 2012 (88) March 2012 (92) February 2012 (88) January 2012 (79) December 2011 (86) November 2011 (65) October 2011 (55) September 2011 (68) August 2011 (81) July 2011 (72) June 2011 (75) May 2011 (75) April 2011 (82) March 2011 (95) February 2011 (64) January 2011 (95) December 2010 (106) November 2010 (113) October 2010 (126) September 2010 (108) August 2010 (93) July 2010 (94) June 2010 (93) May 2010 (109) April 2010 (109) March 2010 (93) February 2010 (97) January 2010 (89) December 2009 (101) November 2009 (80) October 2009 (98) September 2009 (86) August 2009 (83) July 2009 (101) June 2009 (99) May 2009 (99) April 2009 (108) March 2009 (128) February 2009 (113) January 2009 (108) December 2008 (119) November 2008 (109) October 2008 (93)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Pyxis Tankers Inc:
* PYXIS TANKERS INC FILES FOR MIXED SHELF OF UP TO $100 MILLION - SEC FILING
* PYXIS TANKERS INC SAYS IN ADDITION, OFFERING OF UP TO 5.23 MILLION SHARES OF CO'S COMMON STOCK BY THE SELLING STOCKHOLDERS Source text - bit.ly/2BGyItU Further company coverage:
1:16 New 'Opn' hearing aid by Oticon is basically a computer Pause
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of his wife
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
2:22 All-Area Boys Swimmer of the Year T.C. Smith discusses the honor
2:46 Making peppermint candy
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Emmerdale actor Adam Thomas has another reason to smile this festive season, as he reveals some exciting news - his wife Caroline Daly is having another baby!
The 29-year-old actor - who already has son Teddy James, three, with his dancer wife - revealed the news they were expanding their brood in OK! magazine today, posing in a gorgeous maternity photoshoot together.
Adam's gorgeous wife Caroline revealed to the publication she first had an inkling she was pregnant after feeling abnormally tired - like she did during her first pregnancy - and that after taking a positive pregnancy test she has it to her young son to hand to his father.
(Image: Manchester Evening News)
(Image: Manchester Evening News)
Adam said: "It took me totally by surprise, I have to say, I lost my head a little bit over it. I immediately cracked open the gin!"
The actor - who plays Adam Barton in the ITV soap - said the two had wanted another baby but weren't planning on it happening so quickly after tying the knot, revealing they conceived on their wedding night.
The two married in September in a star-studded wedding in Gary Barlow's old home Delamere Manor, in Cheshire.
(Image: carolinethomas23/Instagram)
While Caroline's first pregnancy was a proverbial walk in the park, this time around she admitted she's been so sick she was even hospitalised and put on a drip, failing to keep down any food or liquid in the earlier stages and quickly losing weight.
Telling the publication she lost a stone, Adam added: "Caroline's wedding ring fell of because she got so thin, it was so scary. I felt helpless."
(Image: ITV)
Still filming his final scenes for Emmerdale at the time, show bosses luckily let him have some time off so he could look after Teddy while Caroline made sure she got enough rest.
Now, the dancer is determined to get back on the dance floor, saying she's got the doctor's OK to jive for "as long as she feels able to".
She also admits while Teddy says he wants a brother, the young tot doesn't quite understand what's going on, with Adam adding he wanted another son, too, but now with Teddy "he's not fussed either way".
(Image: Publicity Picture)
The two will reveal the gender on Christmas Day, having the nurse put the details into a sealed envelope for the couple to have a balloon made with either pink or blue dots that they'll pop with family and friends.
Adam says: "I've not cried throughout the whole pregnancy but if I find out we're having a girl I probably will cry.
"I'm convinced we're having another boy so it'll be quite overwhelming if I find out we're having a daughter.
"Being a dad to a girl would be a lovely experience."
However, if it's another boy, Adam says he loves the name Paddington - keeping with the apparent 'bear theme' for their children's names.
(Image: PA)
Adam announced in June that he would finish up with Emmerdale in the new year , after eight years with the soap, after persistent rumours surrounded his future on the show.
He said: "I've had an amazing eight years working on Emmerdale and I've loved every minute of it.
"It was a really tough decision to take to leave but I felt that now is the time to move on and challenge myself with some new roles."
...beginning with fatherhood round two!
Heavy anti-government protests continued in several cities across Poland for the second day Wednesday morning as tens of thousands of people rallied outside the country's top court in Warsaw alone. But why is Poland protesting? The ruling party's attempts to purge the country's Supreme Court of more than a third of its judges has citizens up in arms.
Malgorzata Gersdorf, Poland's top Supreme Court justice, arrived for work Wednesday in Warsaw to he cheers of anti-government protesters, defying the ruling party's recent efforts to force her to step down. Poland's ruling Law and Justice Party is seeking to reshape the country's top court through a series of controversial judicial reforms, including one that dismisses 27 of the Supreme Court's 72 justices. The law, which came into effect at midnight, drops the retirement age of Supreme Court judges from 70 to 65.
"My presence here is not about politics, I am here to protect the rule of law," CNN reported Gersdorf told protesters on the steps of Poland's Supreme Court. The 65-year-old Supreme Court justice said it was important to protect and respect the country's constitution as the document had been shaped by Poland's fundamental values, which, unlike people, don't change over the years.
In Warsaw, protesters surrounded the country's Supreme Court singing the country's national anthem and chanting phrases like "Free courts!" and "Down with dictatorship!" as Gersdorf defiantly entered the building early Wednesday morning. But the nation's capital wasn't the only city to see anti-government protesters take to the streets. According to Time magazine, protests against the Law and Justice Party's judicial reforms broke out in Krakow, Lodz, Katowice, Wroclaw, and a number of other Polish towns.
Critics, protesters, and members of the country's opposition parties have accused Poland's ruling Law and Justice Party of using authoritarian means to gain control of the judiciary by eroding the rule of law. According to CNN, Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki has argued that his party's judicial reforms are meant to strengthen democracy in the country.
Although authorities did not prevent Gersdorf from entering the Supreme Court on Wednesday morning, it was unclear if she, or any of the other 26 Supreme Court judges forced out by the new law, would really be allowed to continue to serve on the court's bench. Unlike U.S. Supreme Court justices, who serve life-long terms, Polish Supreme Court judges serve just six-year terms. Gersdorf's term was set to end in 2020, according to the Huffington Post.
Under the new law, Gersdorf and the other 65-year-old or older Supreme Court judges could ask Polish President Andrzej Duda, a former member of the Law and Justice Party, for permission to serve out the remaining years of their terms. But according to CNBC, Gersdorf has refused to ask Duda to exempt her from the law, claiming that to do so would equal "subordination."
"The constitution obliges me to a six-year term and I must proceed according to the constitution," CNN reported the Polish Press Agency (PAP) quoted Gersdorf as having said Tuesday. According to the cable news outlet, 16 of the 27 judges who would be forced off the bench by the new law have petitioned President Duda for permission to continue serving out their terms despite being of retirement age. It was unclear as of Wednesday morning who may have been granted an extension.
But while Gersdorf has been one of the most outspoken Supreme Court judges, she wasn't the only judge to make her way through throngs of protesters in order to show up for work Wednesday morning. Every one of the other 26 judges who would be forced to step down by the Law and Justice Party's new law also arrived for work at the courthouse Wednesday.
President Donald Trump listens during a meeting with North Korean defectors where he talked with reporters about allowing the release of a secret memo on the FBI's role in the Russia inquiry, in the Oval Office of the White House, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Washington. Evan Vucci AP Photo
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Invesque Inc:
* INVESQUE INC. ANNOUNCES UPSIZE OF PREVIOUSLY ANNOUNCED PRIVATE PLACEMENT AND RECEIPT OF SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL BY WAY OF CONSENTS
* INVESQUE INC - ‍ PARTIES AGREED TO INCREASE NUMBER OF SERIES 2 PREFERRED SHARES TO BE ISSUED TO MAGNETAR UNDER SECOND PRIVATE PLACEMENT TO 3.2 MILLION
* INVESQUE - ‍MAGNETAR AGREED TO SUBSCRIBE FOR 1.6 MILLION CLASS A SERIES 3 CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED SHARES AT US$9.4575/SHARE FOR PROCEEDS OF ABOUT US$15 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
In Minneapolis, 2,500 amateur players take to the frozen surface of Lake Nokomis for the U.S. Pond Hockey Championship in a celebration of a childhood joy for millions of players.
Bitcoin futures have arrived. The cryptocurrency has successfully nudged its way out of the murky world of the dark web and managed to secure a place for itself on Wall Street with its debut on the Chicago Board of Options Exchange (Cboe). No sooner did it debut on Cboe this morning than it jumped 10 per cent in value from a little under $14,700 (₹9.46 lakh), as per TechCrunch, all the way up to $16,200. According to a report carried by Bloomberg, Bitcoin futures scheduled to expire in January 2018 were traded at $17,780 (₹11.44 lakh) by 12:57 pm HKT (10:27 am IST) and 2300 contracts are reported to have been bought and sold. It seems that the sheer volume of the interest shown in trading Bitcoin futures appears to have been so high that Cboe's website crashed in just the first ten minutes because it was unable to handle the traffic. So if you thought that the cryptocurrency was just a fad that was going to crash and burn, you couldn't be more wrong. The massive interest investors have shown in trading Bitcoin futures appears to signal a further rise… at least in the near future. But whether you're already a Bitcoin billionaire or are on your way to becoming one, the challenge of spending your not-so-hard-earned money is something you may soon face. Now, we've already told you what you can spend your Bitcoin on in India. But if you look beyond the borders, you'll find a whole lot that you can do with your stash of cryptocurrency. Read on to know all the craziest stuff you can buy with Bitcoin.
Investing (wisely) in Bitcoin futures could buy you a trip to outer space
You guessed it: Sir Richard Branson is behind this. His space travel company, Virgin Galactic, is accepting Bitcoin as payment for buying tickets to outer space. The website for the organisation even claims that a flight attendant from Hawaii has already bought hers using the cryptocurrency. Positioning itself as an enterprise of the future, Virgin Galactic maintains that it is open to accept the money of the future.
Protect your Bitcoin futures fortune (with a sword)
Drugs and false identities bought off the internet's blackmarket with an unregulated digital currency all might read like something out of a Grisham novel but it's more real than you realise (though, we don't recommend it). But if you've already made your money (or plan to make it by investing in Bitcoin futures), you're going to need to protect yourself and your assets. While we can't tell you where to source a cybersecurity expert, you surely can ensure some sort of self defence with this tactical sword listed on Raw Flood – available for just ₹1,287 (that's nothing compared to the Bitcoin billions you're sitting on).
You could get an eye in the sky with a drone
To answer the first question that just popped into your mind: No, it is not entirely legal to fly drones in India. You must have the required permissions and the drone's dimensions must match those mentioned by the authorities. Moreover there are technicalities such as no fly zones and restrictions on just how high your drone can fly and whether or not it can have a camera attached to it. But if you do manage to get through your permissions, you can buy a drone off pretty much any Bitcoin marketplace online. Prices, however, differ from model to model.
But if you're a serious investor, put the money from those Bitcoin futures in real estate
Who would have thought in 2009, when Satoshi Nakamoto released Bitcoin, that one day you'd be able to buy a plush apartment in Dubai. Thanks to Aston Plaza and Residences, which accepts the most popular form of cryptocurrency in the world (for now). Located on Umm Suqeim Street, near Dubai's start-up centre, Science Park, Aston Plaza offers buyers three types of residences: studio apartments and 1 and 2 BHKS. While the studio apartments are available on the lower floors, you'll be able to invest in them for ₹1.93 crore while the 1 and 2 BHK flats (on higher floors) cost between ₹3.33 crore to ₹4.94 crore.
STAY CONNECTED WITH US GQ India
NOW READ
The GQ Guide to buying Bitcoin
What can you buy with Bitcoin in India
Bitcoin: If you had invested ₹386 in bitcoin in 2010 this is how rich you would be
> More on Get Smart
SHARE COPY LINK Miami-Dade Firefighters and Paradmedics responded to an emergency call at Palmetto Bay Village Center in Palmetto Bay, FL, where window washers nearly fell from a 6 story building before being rescued on Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Daniel A. Varela
Miami-Dade Firefighters and Paradmedics responded to an emergency call at Palmetto Bay Village Center in Palmetto Bay, FL, where window washers nearly fell from a 6 story building before being rescued on Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Daniel A. Varela
FRISCO, Texas -- With the window for the franchise tag designation opening today, let's quickly point out that the Dallas Cowboys don't have a candidate for it in 2017.
In fact, it might be some time before the Cowboys use the tag.
Unless the Cowboys are unable to secure a long-term extension on Zack Martin by the end of the 2018 season, the next possible time the Cowboys could use the tag could be in 2020 for Dak Prescott. Maybe you would put Maliek Collins in that category if he develops the way the Cowboys believe he will.
The last time the Cowboys used the franchise tag was in 2015, when they placed it on Dez Bryant. While the sides were able to agree to a $70 million long-term deal a couple of hours before the deadline, there was regret in using it in the first place.
Bryant was not with the team during the offseason program. He didn't take part in the offseason program. His only appearance at the June minicamp was as a spectator on the final day. When training camp started, the Cowboys wanted to work Bryant in slowly because of the lack of conditioning work with them. He suffered a hamstring injury that kept him out of the preseason games.
Byron Jones could be the next Cowboys player to receive a tag, but that won't happen for at least another two years. Bill Streicher/USA TODAY Sports
Bryant suffered a broken foot in the season opener that led to essentially a lost season.
Stephen Jones wished there could have been a do-over, while understanding the process to get to a long-term deal can take time.
The downside of the tag for the team is the high cap figure. The Cowboys had to carry Bryant's $12.8 million cap figure against their cap once free agency began, which played a part in their decision making in free agency. The downside of the tag for the player is the lack of guaranteed money over a long-term deal.
It can lead to frayed feelings, although the Cowboys and Bryant never got cross with each other.
In their best-laid plans, the Cowboys will sign Martin to a long-term extension this summer after picking up their fifth-year option for 2018 in the spring. That's how they worked it with Tyron Smith in 2014 and that's how they worked it with Travis Frederick in 2016. They have a good thing going with their offensive line and have shown a willingness to pay top dollar.
Ultimately they should avoid a possible contract stalemate with Martin, who is either the best or second-best guard in the NFL.
Of the players set to be unrestricted free agents in 2018, none rise to the franchise tag -- or transition tag -- designation. Maybe DeMarcus Lawrence could edge into that category with a hugely successful 2017, but he is coming off his second back surgery in as many offseasons and had one sack in 2016.
With the way it is looking now, the Cowboys would pick up the fifth-year option for Byron Jones in 2019, but he could be a franchise-tag possibility if he turns into a takeaway machine at safety.
And that brings us to Prescott. Under league rules, the Cowboys cannot extend his contract until after the 2018 season. If -- and there remains an if after just one season -- he continues to develop, the Cowboys will look to take care of him before he can sniff the free-agent market the way the Seattle Seahawks did with Russell Wilson.
The Cowboys were able to work out a deal with Tony Romo on his first big-time extension during the 2007 season, less than two seasons into his tenure as the full-time starter. By the time the Cowboys can to do a deal with Prescott, they will have potentially 48 games of evidence to come up with the proper price tag.
(For those wondering, because Jaylon Smith spent the year on the non-football injury list, he will be a restricted free agent after the 2020 season, so the Cowboys will have him under contractual control in some form.)
The Cowboys have used the franchise tag just five times on four players: Flozell Adams (2002), Ken Hamlin (2008), Anthony Spencer (2012, 2013) and Bryant (2015).
When the Cowboys have had a franchise quarterback such as Romo or Troy Aikman, they have been more than willing to pay the premium.
If Prescott continues to succeed and develop, there's no reason to think they won't pay the premium on him, which would allow them to use the tag on another player after the 2020 season. Maybe that player is Collins, who finished second on the team in sacks in 2016 with five.
5 Wrestlers with the best record at the Money In The Bank PPV
A list of Superstars who have the best win/loss record in the history of the pay per view.
Kartik Seth ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 31 May 2018, 02:08 IST 536 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Is there a place for these two?
Initially started as a staple for WrestleMania in 2005, Money in the Bank gained fan following and evolved into a pay per view of its own in 2010.
The success of the event in the subsequent years can be deduced from the fact that it was the only B-level cross-branded pay per view in WWE's list before the scrapping of brand-specific pay per view.
Even though the event has only been in existence for nine years, there have been several superstars who have had some of their best matches in the company at this event.
CM Punk and Dean Ambrose had their crowning glory moment in 2011 and 2016, whereas Styles and Owens reached superstardom against Cena in consecutive years.
With Money in the Bank 2018 taking place in one of the most prominent sporting arena in the World, several superstars would love to make a serious impact and improve their record at the event.
Until then, here are the five superstars who have the best record in the history of the pay per view.
Honourable mentions
The Lunatic Fringe has two big wins to his name in one night.
Dean Ambrose
Ambrose has a unique distinction, along with Kane, of winning two matches at the same edition of the pay per view, which he achieved by winning the Ladder Match and his cash-in match later that night to win WWE Title in 2016. However, the Lunatic Fringe lost in all his previous appearances, giving him a win-loss record of 2-3
Alberto Del Rio
Just like Ambrose, Del Rio was on the victorious side on two occasions and faced defeat in the remaining three appearances.
Losses in 2012, 2014 and 2016 were accompanied by Ladder Match win in 2011 as well as a successful World Title defense against Dolph Ziggler in 2013.
Lyon Township Fire Department Offering Child Seat Inspections
July 4, 2018
Free child car seat checks are being offered through a local fire department.
Over 80% of child seats are said to be used incorrectly. The Lyon Township Fire Department says residents can bring their child and have their seat inspected by a certified Child Passenger Safety technician. Inspections are performed once a month at the department's Fire Station #1, located at 58800 Grand River. Car seats must be installed prior to inspections and corrections, if needed, will be made at the time of the inspection.
The car seat checks are offered free of charge but anyone interested needs to schedule an appointment by calling 248-486-3775. (JM)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - TLG IMMOBILIEN AG:
* ADAR CAPITAL PARTNERS SAYS DOES NOT INTEND TO INFLUENCE COMPOSITION OF MANAGEMENT BOARD OF TLG IMMOBILIEN AG
* ADAR CAPITAL PARTNERS SAYS ACCORDING TO THEIR SHARE IN TLG SEEKS TO INFLUENCE COMPOSITION OF SUPERVISORY BOARD Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Duterte decided that the much smaller Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency (PDEA) would take over the drugs crackdown, with support from the military.
It was a stunning turnaround by Duterte, who had until then stood unswervingly behind his police force through months of allegations that its officers were guilty of extra-judicial killings and colluding with hit men in a campaign that has claimed the lives of more than 7,600 people, mostly drug pushers and users, in seven months.
Srinagar
Three youth received bullet and pellet injuries in clashes with government forces during a cordon and search operation in the Samboora area of Pulwama district on Saturday.
Government forces, on an input about movement of militants in the area, had laid a cordon in Akram Dar Mohalla of Samboora early in the morning. The troops, witnesses said, besides carrying out searches also laid nakas on the national highway and the Pulwama road where they conducted thorough searches of both public and private vehicles.
As the search operation was on, witnesses said, angry youth hit the streets and clashed with the troops. The youth hurled stones and bricks at the troops, who in retaliation lobbed tear smoke shells and fired shots in the air. During the clashes, several youths suffered injuries with two of them hit by bullets and one by pellets. A doctor at sub-district hospital (SDH) Pampore said that three injury cases were brought to the hospital.
“We received a total of three cases. Two had bullet injuries in legs and one had been hit by pellets in right shoulder. All of them after being given first aid were referred to Srinagar,” the doctor told Kashmir Reader, adding that the condition of all three of them was stable.
The injured were rushed to sub-district hospital Pampore. They were identified as Feroz Ahmad Shah son of Ghulam Rasool Shah of Patalbagh Pampore, Rouf Ashraf Rather son of Mohd Ashraf Rather of Samboora and Sheikh Shabir Ahmad son of Bashir Ahmad Dar of Samboora Pampore.
Superintendent of police Awantipora, Mohammad Zahid told Kashmir Reader that people of Samboora locality started throwing stones on forces after search operation was closed off. He said that troops resorted to aerial firing to disperse off the protesters. “The security forces fired few rounds (of bullets) and teargas shells in self-defense resulting in injuries to thee persons,” he said.
Meanwhile, the army carried out a major search operation in Mahind village of Sirigufwara on Friday. The army men, locals said, laid siege to the village early morning and conducted house-to-house searches in different localities. The search was called off in the afternoon.—KR
MONTREAL — At first whiff, the traffic and grime of Montreal's busy downtown may not seem like the best inspiration for a luxurious perfume, but Claude-Andre Hebert begs to differ.
In honour of the city's 375th anniversary, the Montreal-based perfume maker has launched five scents, each inspired by a different area of the city.
One evokes the essence of bustling Ste-Catherine street, while others try to capture the romance of Old Montreal, the grandeur of old churches, or the scent of the grass on Mount Royal.
And how does one capture the scent of a city? Hebert says it starts with a story.
“I always start with a blank page and write a story, and every word that's important in the story is transformed into an ingredient,” he said from behind the counter of his St-Denis street boutique.
For the scent inspired by Old Montreal, Hebert said he created a “vintage” perfume with hints of cardamom and cinnamon that brings to mind velvet and lace, the dust of the city streets and the smell of the nearby St-Lawrence river.
The floral-scented “Metropole” incorporates tobacco and hops -- a nod to downtown nightlife -- while the perfume named after Mount Royal includes pine and hints of the incense that wafts over from nearby St-Joseph's Oratory.
Hebert, 47, said he started his own line in 2002 after realizing that most perfume makers focus more on ingredients than on inspiration.
“They talk about the top note, the base note, the patchouli... it's like a recipe” said Hebert, who previously worked for labels that include Aramis and Thierry Mugler. “For me a perfume is much more than that.”
Hebert orders his ingredients from a company in Grasse, France.
Once they arrive they are mixed with corn alcohol to create a ratio of 20% raw materials, 80% alcohol and about 1% water.
He says he eschews chemicals when possible, opting for 95% natural ingredients. The perfumes then sit for about a month before they hit the shelves.
The finished product sells for $185 for 100 ml -- a testament to the cost of the ingredients and the steps involved in the process.
But Canadians don't seem to be put off by the price of what is undeniably a luxury purchase.
Although there are no precise Canadian sales figures, the fragrance industry is estimated to have grown 4% to 5% in 2016, according to the Canadian Cosmetic, Toiletry and Fragrance Association (CCTFA).
So-called niche fragrances like the ones Hebert sells -- ones available through a limited number of channels -- are a small but growing category in that market.
Hebert says scents are important because they can help create or trigger memories and give people a little boost when they want to feel sexier or more energized.
“If all your chakras are perfect you probably don't need perfume,” he said. “But the perfumes are there if you need a little touch, a little push.”
Tom Fabian and Ron McNerney
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like. Close
Email This Story Sends email to this address Enter Your Name Add a comment here Verification Send Email Cancel
Tuesday January 30th marked the semester annual Involvement Fair where students from Slippery Rock University had the chance to see what clubs had to offer them. The Involvement Fair showcased over 100 on campus clubs and organizations, from a wide variety of interests.
The event is helped run by Courtney Mullins who is a first-year graduate assistant in the office for student engagement and leadership. Mullins oversees all student organizations and has helped in previous fall Involvement Fairs and is now working on her first spring Involvement Fair. She helped this event by making diagrams for the theater and ballroom to help students navigate around easier.
Mullins thinks the Involvement Fair is important to students because it lets them explore opportunities on campus.
“Events (like this) help students to get one on one connections with peers and helps students with all different personalities and interests come together,” Mullins said.
Greek life had a large presence in the Involvement Fair with fraternities such as Pi Kappa Alpha.
“Pi Kappa Alpha is extremely active, five of our fraternity members traveled to the Woodlands to help with the Divas Weekend that is held there,” Santino Decesare, Pi Kappa Alpha recruitment committee member, said. “We are always looking for more opportunities to make a difference on and off campus and we have many more events we are looking forward to this semester.”
For freshmen on campus who are moving far away from home, it may not be a bad idea to consider joining a fraternity.
“The fraternity life can have a huge impact in helping students on campus. Despite what many people think, it is a lot more than just the social aspect of improving yourself,” Decesare said. “For example, Pi Kappa Alpha takes pride in giving our members plenty of chances to build themselves academically and professionally. The networking opportunities are huge and we provide a lot of leadership building opportunities, when taken advantage of, go a long way in building character and molding you in preparation for the real world.”
St. Jude Up til' 2 is an organization at Slippery Rock University where students can help contribute to the St. Jude Foundation. Evan Markowitz is one of the members who was inspired to make a change and has been involved with the organization since August 2017, becoming a recruiting director who gives presentations to sororities, fraternities and students of Slippery Rock to try and get them involved.
“It is for a great cause, it is a great way to try and help childhood cancer,” Markowitz said. He went on to talk about how every day it costs 2.4 million dollars to fund the hospitals.
Students always come together for this once a semester event to try and find an organization that is right for them.
This story was done in collaboration with WSRU-TV.
1:55 Public comment was heard Tuesday night on Holmes Beach speed limit change Pause
0:33 The Pittsburgh Pirates begin spring training workouts at Pirate City
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
2:03 Commission holds a brain-storming session to discuss heroin epidemic
1:37 Oscar-winning actress Geena Davis speaks in Sarasota
3:03 The importance of river restoration in the Everglades
1:53 Legoland surprise for one generous 8-year old
0:35 Couples say 'I do' on Valentine's Day
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
The Broncos defeated the Jets 23-0 in Week 14, snapping an eight-game losing streak. Denver's defense turned in a historic performance and receiver Demaryius Thomas passed Hall of Fame tight end Shannon Sharpe on the team's all-time receiving list.
Here's what coach Vance Joseph said to the team in the locker room following the win:
“Let me start by saying this, men. How proud I am of you guys for how you worked for the last two months. It's been a long time since we've won. But no one stopped working, men, right? No one stopped believing.
“That's you guys, that's the locker room, that's the coaches. Now we've got two game balls. One goes to D.T. — he's second in Broncos history, guys. With yards and touchdowns. The second game ball goes to the defense. All you guys, the first shutout in 12 years.”
You can watch video of Joseph's speech on the team's YouTube page.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Broncos Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
Photo: Courtesy RCA
By Scott T. Sterling
From the moment it was officially announced, Justin Timberlake's Man of the Woods has generated a whirlwind of rumors, innuendo and controversy.
Related: Justin Timberlake Dances With Jessica Biel in ‘Man of the Woods' Video
The title alone had many trumpeting that the pop superstar was pulling a reverse Taylor Swift and “going country.” Others accused him of simply aping contemporary country music culture in an appeal at a wider audience.
Listening to Man of the Woods, the reality is far less sensational. As an artist who emerged from NSync into a fully formed pop star with the release of his 2002 solo debut, Justified, Timberlake has continually taken bold risks in ongoing efforts at staying at the vanguard of modern music and pop culture at large. His new album is no exception.
With the futuristic sheen of “Filthy,” an attempt at recreating the then-shocking effect “Sexyback” had upon its initial release in 2006, Man of the Woods finds Timberlake again delving into new territories hoping to shake things up in the world around him.
These are the 5 best songs on Man of the Woods.
“Wave”
With Timberlake re-teaming with the Neptunes (Pharrell Williams and Chad Hugo) for a number of tracks, the trio recaptures the bright, feel-good vibes that made Justified such an instant hit on this cool and melodic track.
“Supplies”
This one probably shouldn't work. Somehow, Timberlake throwing caution to the wind and going hard with the Neptunes on a full-blown trap-style club banger comes together into a track that will actually bang in Vegas clubs. Watch the futurist video, which contains explicit language, here.
“Say Something”
The first of two Chris Stapleton collaborations on Man of the Woods is the clear standout. The two share a similar genre-blurring aesthetic, with Stapleton's genuine roots a strong foil for Timberlake's pop experimentalism.
“Breeze Off the Pond”
Another Timberlake/Neptunes gem. Justin assumes a smooth, Stevie Wonder-like singing style on the relaxed, soul-pop track brushed with lush background vocals. The top-down summer road trip jam of the album.
“Morning Light”
Timberlake teams with Alicia Keys on this cool, breezy tune. Key's laid-back and subtle performance gives the track a warm, sultry appeal, and meshes well with Timberlake's controlled delivery. Like with the Stapleton tracks, Timberlake lets the featured artist lead the track and infuse it with their own personality.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - An attorney for President Donald Trump's longtime personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, accused porn star Stormy Daniels' lawyer in federal court on Wednesday of leaking Cohen's bank records, calling it a “drive-by shooting of my client's rights.”
U.S. President Donald Trump's personal lawyer Michael Cohen (C) arrives at federal court in Manhattan, New York, U.S., May 30, 2018. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
In a hearing before U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood in Manhattan, Cohen attorney Stephen Ryan also called the alleged leak by Daniels' attorney, Michael Avenatti, “reckless,” “malicious” and “intentional.”
Avenatti responded, “We did not do anything improper relating to the release of any information concerning Mr. Cohen.”
The hearing stemmed from an investigation of Cohen by federal prosecutors regarding his business dealings. He has not been charged with any crime.
Wood ordered Cohen's attorneys to finish reviewing millions of documents authorities seized from him by mid-June, overriding their request for more time.
Avenatti has released details of payments to Cohen from a company with ties to a Russian oligarch, who the United States sanctioned over suspected Moscow meddling in the 2016 U.S. election. Such disclosures could add pressure on Cohen.
Avenatti had asked Wood to allow him to represent Daniels in the Cohen case. He has said he believes some of the seized materials could relate to Daniels, whose real name is Stephanie Clifford.
Cohen has asked Wood to deny Avenatti permission to appear before the court, saying Daniels' lawyer violated court rules by making what he characterized as false statements about Cohen in news media appearances.
A lawyer for Trump, Joanna Hendon, told Wood “we endorse fully” Ryan's arguments on whether Avenatti should be admitted to the court.
Wood did not rule on whether Avenatti would have a formal role in the case. But she made clear she would not give him an open platform in her courtroom “where you're free to denigrate Mr. Cohen and, I believe, potentially, deprive him of a fair trial by tainting a jury pool” if criminal charges were ever brought against Cohen.
Stormy Daniels, the porn star currently in legal battles with U.S. President Donald Trump, speaks during a ceremony in her honor in West Hollywood, California, U.S., May 23, 2018. REUTERS/Mike Blake
Wood ordered Cohen's lawyers to complete their review of 3.7 million files, which are being examined to determine whether they fall under attorney-client privilege.
“We're moving heaven and Earth” to review the files, said Todd Harrison, a Cohen attorney who had asked the judge to give them until mid-July. Harrison said Cohen's attorneys had reviewed 1.3 million files so far.
The investigation by the U.S. Attorney's Office in Manhattan stems in part from a referral by Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who is probing whether Trump's 2016 presidential campaign colluded with Russia. Trump has repeatedly said there was no collusion, and Russia has denied interfering in the elections.
Cohen has worked for Trump for more than a decade, first as counsel at the Trump Organization and later than his personal lawyer.
In 2016, Cohen paid Daniels $130,000, which she has said was to buy her silence about a sexual encounter she says she had with Trump in 2006. The president has denied the allegation.
After the April raids on Cohen's home and office, Cohen and Trump asked the judge to block prosecutors from reviewing the seized documents, citing attorney-client privilege.
Wood responded by appointing former U.S. District Judge Barbara Jones as a so-called special master to review whether any of the documents were shielded by attorney-client privilege before turning them over to prosecutors.
In a court filing on Tuesday evening, Jones said she had already turned over to prosecutors more than 290,000 seized items that were not marked privileged by Cohen or Trump.
U.S. President Donald Trump's personal lawyer Michael Cohen arrives at federal court in Manhattan, New York, U.S., May 30, 2018. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
She said that more than a million items from three seized phones had also been designated as not privileged by Cohen and Trump, and would be turned over to prosecutors on Wednesday.
Cohen and Trump have made at least 252 claims of privilege, according to the filing.
500 Startups has announced the close of its fund for Japan, more than 18 months after it was first unveiled. The effort is backed by the Japanese government, which has chipped in as an LP via its Cool Japan Fund. (Yes, that really is the name of the fund, which is aiming to use about $1 billion in public money over its lifecycle.)
Initially U.S.-based 500 Startups targeted a $30 million close, but it has reached a total of $35 million thanks to strong interest from investment partners, so says James Riney, its Japan-based partner who runs the fund. CJF, as the fund is known, is committing $10 million, but beyond a large check it adds gravitas, too.
“[Cool Japan's involvement] is symbolic in a way because there been a lot of top-down influence in the startup ecosystem in Japan,” Riney told TechCrunch in an interview. “As an outsider coming in, having the government's investment is a validation.”
In particular, Riney said that 500 Startups will work with CJF to open up opportunities for its portfolio companies further down the line: that chiefly means funding.
“We'll be sourcing and supporting startups at the seed stage, and inviting CJF to look at later $10 million-$20 millions rounds to give startups the firing power to expand,” Riney said.
“CJF has capital to invest outside of Japan but doesn't necessary have the network. We've been extremely aggressive expanding outside of the U.S.,” he added. “No matter where they want to expand to, we have someone locally who is well connected to help them hit the ground running.”
Other investors in the fund include camera-maker Nikon, Meizhou Bank, Mitsubishi Estate and Japanese social network Mixi.
The 500 Startups Japan fund is looking to co-invest in early-stage deals, offering $100,000-$500,000 checks per round. In some cases, it may stretch to $1 million, Riney said, while around half of the total fund is allocated to follow-on investments. Over the past year, the fund has done 21 deals, and that's a pace that it is expected to continue with now that the fund is fully closed.
The 500 Startups Japan team
While CPF's involvement is particularly strategic — and headline-worthy — 500 Startups doesn't need much help to find partners who operate at later stage investment phases. The U.S. firm has struck up relationships worldwide after making investments in more than 1,500 startups across 60 countries, while, operationally, it has people on the ground in 20 countries.
LPs in its central fund include corporates in places like East Asia and the Middle East, and its sprawling collection of micro-funds for specific makets is too numerous to detail in full. In Asia they include 500 Durians in Southeast Asia, 500 Tuktuks in Thailand, 500 Kimchis in Korea and a less-catchy-named investment vehicle in Vietnam. Riney, for what it's worth, said he chose ‘500 Startups Japan' as a more conservative fund name to adhere to Japanese business culture and avoid alienating potential investors.
Despite a nod to the nation's conservatism, Riney said that startups are beginning to break out in Japan. Our sister site in Japan reported that startup investment in the country's surpassed JPY 200 billion (around $2 billion) for the first time last year. Riney believes that the ambition to take risk is also changing the mindset of founders and investors, who in the past would push for an exit via IPO as a risk-averse way to ensure a return on investment.
“Historically if you wanted to do a $20 million-$30 million round you didn't have options and had to do IPO,” he sad. “Now we're seeing many more later rounds, more companies choosing to stay private and raise a lot more capital so that they can aim for growth — investors starting to feel more comfortable, too.”
“The Japanese government has gotten more involved in supporting and it has really shown in the investment outlay,” Riney added.
With relatively few investors, and fewer still with links outside of Japan, 500 Startups has a unique position that will likely help it secure significant deal flow. The investment focus is vertical agnostic, Riney said, but he's keen on industries such as bioinformatics, space, logistics and other areas that have been disrupted globally but not touched on by startups in Japan yet.
“We're particularly bullish on legacy industries that have been very consumer facing,” he said.
Riney is assisted by a team of five in Japan, which includes former investment banker Yohei Sawayama who serves as the fund's second partner.
TORONTO — Tumbling oil prices saw the commodity-heavy Toronto stock index give up some of the week's gains on Friday ahead of the holiday weekend.
The S&P/TSX composite index dropped 47.98 points to 15,728.32, as the November crude contract fell $1.50 to US$49.29 per barrel.
It was a wobbly week of fluctuating optimism and pessimism about OPEC oversupply fears.
Panic resurfaced on Monday following a report from oilfield services company Baker Hughes that more oil drilling rigs went into operation last week after two weeks of declines, and Reuters reported that output of OPEC nations grew in September.
Then earlier on Wednesday, data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration temporarily swayed concerns when it reported that U.S. commercial crude oil inventories decreased by 6.0 million barrels for the week ending Sept. 29. But then later that same day the EIA reported that U.S. crude exports jumped to 1.98 million barrels per day, marking the fourth weekly increase.
"People have started to have some second thoughts or doubts about the ability of OPEC to effectively curtail production enough to push crude higher," said Andrew Pyle, a senior wealth adviser at Scotia Wealth Management. "That will weigh on the markets."
It was last November that OPEC and 10 other oil-producing countries, including Russia, agreed to cut their production until March 2018 in a bid to combat a supply glut and shore up crude prices.
Still, Pyle added, "I don't think the story has really changed for crude oil going into the fourth quarter. We've been hovering around the US$50 mark, global growth remains strong.
"Yeah, we are seeing U.S. production come back — that's eating through the export numbers — but the demand side of it really hasn't changed at all."
Slumping energy stocks also took a toll on U.S. stocks' record high week on Friday, as Wall Street's S&P 500 index gave back 2.74 points to 2,545.49 and the Dow Jones industrial average nudged down 1.72 points to 22,773.67.
The season 2 premiere episode of “13 Reasons Why,” Netflix's controversial teen-suicide series, averaged 6 million viewers in the U.S. in the first three days of its release, according to Nielsen estimates.
That's less than half the number of viewers who watched the first episode of “Stranger Things” season 2 — which averaged 15 million — in the first three days of its release last fall, according to Nielsen.
Netflix released “13 Reasons Why” season 2, which follows the events in the aftermath of a high-school girl's suicide, on May 18.
The show's audience skews heavily toward young and female viewers, according to Nielsen. So far “13 Reasons Why” season 2 has had virtually the same gender split of Netflix's “The Crown” (65% female, 35% male) but it had almost the opposite age distribution. About 75% of the viewers for “13 Reasons Why” were 34 or younger while 75% of “The Crown's” audience was aged 35 or older.
Overall, within the first three days of its availability (May 18-20), “13 Reasons Why” season 2 garnered an average minute audience of over 2.6 million U.S. viewers across all 13 episodes, per Nielsen.
More to come
LONDON (Reuters) - Euro zone business activity nudged up slightly faster than previously thought last month but firms were at their gloomiest since late 2016, offering little hope for a more robust rebound, a survey showed.
FILE PHOTO: A picture illustration of U.S. dollar, Swiss Franc, British pound and Euro banknotes January 26, 2011. Picture taken January 26. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel/Illustration/File Photo
News of stronger growth, alongside rising price pressures, will reassure policymakers at the European Central Bank who last month said the ECB would shut its hallmark bond purchase scheme by the close of the year.
But in a balanced announcement reflecting uncertainties hanging over the economy, the ECB signalled on June 14 that any interest rate hike is still distant.
IHS Markit's Final Composite Purchasing Managers' Index, seen as a good overall indicator of euro zone growth, rose to 54.9 in June from May's 54.1, comfortably above the 50 mark separating growth from contraction.
That beat an earlier flash reading of 54.8, but the latest PMI is lagging much higher numbers from around the turn of the year. The future output index, which tracks business optimism, fell to 63.4 from 63.7 — its lowest since November 2016.
“The upturn in the pace of economic growth and resurgent price pressures adds support to the ECB's view that stimulus should be tapered later this year, but the details of the survey also justify the central bank's cautious approach to policy,” said Chris Williamson, chief business economist at IHS Markit.
“In particular, a weakening in business optimism to the lowest for over 1-1/2 years reflects intensifying nervousness about the outlook for the economy, notably in manufacturing, as trade-war talk escalates.”
The June manufacturing PMI, released on Monday, showed euro zone factory growth slowed to an 18-month low, slipping for the sixth month in a row amid widespread concerns about trade barriers and their impact on economic activity.
Services firms were less affected by fears of a trade war. Activity in the bloc's dominant industry accelerated, with the PMI jumping to a four-month high of 55.2 from 53.8.
That increase came despite firms raising their charges much more sharply. The services output prices PMI bounced to a five-month high of 53.2 from 52.0.
“Firms' costs and average selling prices for goods and services are meanwhile rising at rates close to seven-year highs, which will likely feed through to higher consumer price inflation in coming months,” Williamson said.
Euro zone inflation rose to 2.0 percent in June, its highest rate for more than a year and above the ECB's target, preliminary data from Eurostat showed last week.
Williamson said the PMIs signalled second quarter economic growth of just over 0.5 percent, matching the median forecast in a Reuters poll last month.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Central Bank Of India Ltd:
* GETS SHAREHOLDERS' NOD FOR ISSUE OF 38.8 MILLION SHARES WORTH 3.23 BILLION RUPEES TO GOVERNMENT OF INDIA ON PREFERENTIAL BASIS Source text - bit.ly/2nvKhLK Further company coverage:
Mission Aviation Fellowship (MAF) has put out the help wanted sign: The organization, which provides medical flights from remote areas around the world, as well as delivering food and water and responding to disasters, is looking for pilots and mechanics.
MAF officials tell the story of a young boy in Indonesia who benefit from MAF's help: Selamat was just a toddler when he fell into his family's cooking fire, burning his face, right arm, and the right side of his upper body. Medical care is not available in his isolated village in the mountains of Papua, Indonesia, so Selamat's mother did what she could: For more than a day she hiked up and down the steep mountains with the baby on her back until she reached the small airstrip at Ndundu.
“When I saw Selamat in his mother's arms, my heart sank,” said MAF pilot Kees Janse. “I have done many medevacs over the years, but rarely have I seen a child that was burned so severely. We quickly boarded the airplane and prayed to God for protection on the flight and strength for Selamat and his mother. Then we took off for Wamena.”
Selamat is just one of many whose lives have been saved with the help of MAF. Its 135 airplanes use short airstrips carved out of jungles and mountains to reach those that no one else can.
“Medical flights are one small part of MAF's work,” said John Boyd, president and CEO of MAF. “We respond to disasters, support missionaries and church work, and deliver food and water when people are in need. MAF is a lifeline to those living in isolated parts of Africa, Asia, and Latin America.”
MAF is currently seeking pilots-mechanics and aircraft mechanics to serve at its overseas bases.
“The ideal candidate is a committed Christian who feels called to minister overseas through aviation,” said Ron Hilbrands, MAF's mobilization manager. “He or she needs to have a commercial pilot license with instrument rating, at least 400 flight hours, and an airframe and powerplant certificate. We also have openings for aircraft mechanics and avionics technicians.”
More information is available at MAF.org/Serve.
U.S. Army shows Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl (Photo: AP)
Washington — Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, who was held captive by the Taliban for half a decade after abandoning his Afghanistan post, is expected to plead guilty to desertion and misbehavior before the enemy, two individuals with knowledge of the case said.
Bergdahl's decision to plead guilty rather than face trial marks another twist in an eight-year drama that caused the nation to wrestle with difficult questions of loyalty, negotiating with hostage takers and America's commitment not to leave its troops behind. President Donald Trump has called Bergdahl a “no-good traitor” who “should have been executed.”
The decision by the 31-year-old Idaho native leaves open whether he will return to captivity for years — this time in a U.S. prison — or receive a lesser sentence that reflects the time the Taliban held him under brutal conditions. He says he had been caged, kept in darkness, beaten and chained to a bed.
Bergdahl could face up to five years on the desertion charge and a life sentence for misbehavior.
Freed three years ago, Bergdahl had been scheduled for trial in late October. He had opted to let a judge rather than a military jury decide his fate, but a guilty plea later this month will spare the need for a trial.
Sentencing will start on Oct. 23, according to the individuals with knowledge of the case. They weren't authorized to discuss the case and demanded anonymity. During sentencing, U.S. troops who were seriously wounded searching for Bergdahl in Afghanistan are expected to testify, the individuals said.
It was unclear whether prosecutors and Bergdahl's defense team had reached any agreement ahead of sentencing about how severe a penalty prosecutors will recommend.
An attorney for Bergdahl, Eugene Fidell, declined to comment on Friday. Maj. Justin Oshana, who is prosecuting the case, referred questions to the U.S. Army, which declined to discuss whether Bergdahl had agreed to plead guilty.
“We continue to maintain careful respect for the military-judicial process, the rights of the accused and ensuring the case's fairness and impartiality during this ongoing legal case,” said Paul Boyce, an Army spokesman.
Bergdahl was a 23-year-old private first class in June 2009 when, after five months in Afghanistan, he disappeared from his remote infantry post near the Pakistan border, triggering a massive search operation.
Videos soon emerged showing Bergdahl in captivity by the Taliban, who ruled Afghanistan in the years before the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks and harbored al-Qaida leaders including Osama bin Laden as they plotted against America. For years, the U.S. kept tabs on Bergdahl with drones, spies and satellites as behind-the-scenes negotiations played out in fits and starts.
In May 2014, he was handed over to U.S. special forces in a swap for five Taliban detainees at the Guantanamo Bay prison, fueling an emotional U.S. debate about whether Bergdahl was a hero or a deserter.
As critics questioned whether the trade was worth it, President Barack Obama stood with Bergdahl's parents in the White House Rose Garden and defended the swap. The United States does not “leave our men or women in uniform behind,” Obama declared, regardless of how Bergdahl came to be captured. The Taliban detainees were sent to Qatar.
“Whatever those circumstances may turn out to be, we still get an American soldier back if he's held in captivity,” Obama said. “Period. Full stop.”
Trump, as a presidential candidate, was unforgiving of Bergdahl, who has been assigned to desk duty at a Texas Army base pending the outcome of his case. At campaign events, Trump declared that Bergdahl “would have been shot” in another era, even pantomiming the pulling of the trigger.
“We're tired of Sgt. Bergdahl, who's a traitor, a no-good traitor, who should have been executed,” Trump said at a Las Vegas rally in 2015.
Bergdahl's guilty plea will follow several pretrial rulings against him that had complicated his defense. Army Col. Jeffery R. Nance, the judge, decided in June that testimony from troops wounded as they searched for him would be allowed during sentencing, a decision that strengthened prosecutors' leverage to pursue stiffer punishment.
Some of Bergdahl's fellow soldiers want him held responsible for any harm suffered by those who went looking for him. The judge ruled a Navy SEAL and an Army National Guard sergeant wouldn't have found themselves in separate firefights if they hadn't been searching.
The defense separately argued Trump's scathing criticism unfairly swayed the case. The judge ruled otherwise. Nance wrote in February that Trump's comments were “disturbing and disappointing” but didn't constitute unlawful command influence by the soon-to-be commander in chief.
Bergdahl's lawyers also contended that misbehavior before the enemy, the more serious charge, was legally inappropriate and too severe. They were rebuffed again. The judge said a soldier who leaves his post alone and without authorization should know he could face punishment. The misbehavior charge has rarely been used in recent decades, though there were hundreds of cases during World War II.
Defense attorneys don't dispute that Bergdahl walked off his base without authorization. Bergdahl himself told a general during a preliminary investigation that he left intending to cause alarm and draw attention to what he saw as problems with his unit. An Army Sanity Board Evaluation concluded he suffered from schizotypal personality disorder.
The defense team has argued that Bergdahl can't be held responsible for a long chain of events that included decisions by others about how to retrieve him that were far beyond his control.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2xZ0vRn
LAS VEGAS -- Washington Capitals center Evgeny Kuznetsov, the NHL's leading playoff scorer, left Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final on Wednesday night with an apparent injury to his left arm.
After Kuznetsov played the puck into the Vegas Golden Knights zone, defenseman Brayden McNabb hit him hard along the boards with a check. Kuznetsov fell to the ice in pain, clutching his left hand.
He left for the trainers' room with 5:18 remaining in the first period.
Kuznetsov entered the game leading all players in the postseason with 25 points in 20 games, including 11 goals and 14 assists. He's Washington's top-line center, playing with Alex Ovechkin. Kuznetsov was on an 11-game point streak in the playoffs.
So it looks like Delta is coming in hot with a new commercial targeting millennial's. Let's see how this resonates with the masses.
Related
DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran's parliament gave initial approval on Sunday to a bill to boost spending on Tehran's missile programme and the elite Revolutionary Guards in retaliation for new sanctions imposed by the United States.
Lawmakers overwhelmingly approved the outlines of the bill to "counter America's terrorist and adventurist actions" as some chanted "Death to America", the state broadcaster IRIB reported.
The measure came in retaliation to legislation passed by U.S Congress and signed by U.S. President Donald Trump in early August to impose new sanctions on Iran over its missile programme.
Iran denies its missile programme violates a U.N. resolution which endorsed Tehran's 2015 nuclear deal with world powers and calls upon the Islamic Republic not to conduct activities related to ballistic missiles designed to deliver nuclear weapons. Tehran says it does not design such missiles.
The Iranian plan would require Iran's government and armed forces to draw up a strategy to counter U.S. violations of human rights around the world, and to support Iranian bodies and individuals affected by U.S. sanctions.
The measure would also allocate over $260 million each to Iran's ballistic missile programme and the Quds Force - the external arm of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, which has been deployed to battlefields in Iraq and Syria.
Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araqchi told members of parliament that the government backed the bill, which he said "was designed wisely so that it does not violate the (nuclear deal) and provide excuses for opposing sides", state news agency IRNA reported.
The bill must now pass a second vote before being submitted to a clerical body for final approval and passage into law.
PanARMENIAN.Net - The Chainsmokers have revealed details about their upcoming debut album, NME reveals.
Speaking to Entertainment Tonight at the Grammys, where they won Best Dance Recording for ‘Don't Let Me Down', the duo revealed that their record will be called ‘Memories: Do Not Open' and will be released on April 7.
The DJ duo, who hail from New York City, have enjoyed a breakthrough 12 months that has seen them achieve their first number one single with the Halsey-featuring ‘Closer'.
The band were recently branded as “the Nickelback of EDM” by Esquire, leading Nickelback to cover The Chainsmokers in what they declared is “the mash-up that no one wanted to hear.”
An excerpt from Esquire‘s take-down of Drew Taggart and Alex Pall read: “They're doing for EDM what Nickelback did to post-grunge arena rock: becoming immensely popular by using the worst cliches the genre has to offer, and then taking it down to the river and putting it out of its misery.
“Like Nickelback, The Chainsmokers sell their lowest-common-denominator sound using shameless sexism. Let's look at their first Number One single, ‘Closer', a duet between The Chainsmokers' Drew Taggart and Halsey. It's about him running into an ex, having sex with her in a car, then realizing he hated her the whole time.”
Dolphins QBs Jay Cutler and Matt Moore go through position drills Monday. Both players should get a decent amount of playing time in Thursday's second preseason game. Video by James Walker (0:20)
DAVIE, Fla. -- New Miami Dolphins quarterback Jay Cutler has yet to play in a game with the team, but he is full go in practice after signing a one-year, $10 million contract with incentives that could raise his salary to $13 million.
More people play on ESPN than anywhere else. Join or create a league in the No. 1 Fantasy Football game! Sign up for free!
Here is a recap of Cutler's Monday practice:
Good: Cutler had a mostly accurate day. His best throw was a bullet early in practice in stride to receiver DeVante Parker for a first down. Cutler went over to congratulate Parker after the catch. Cutler also had two would-be touchdown throws negated by drops to Parker and fellow receiver Kenny Stills in one-on-one drills. Nonetheless, the throws were solid.
Bad: There were two plays that stood out on the negative side. First, Cutler nearly threw an interception to cornerback Xavien Howard, who had Parker well covered and easily broke up a pass underneath. Then, Cutler took a sack on a three-man rush when he had good protection but held the ball way too long. Miami defensive end Cameron Wake got the sack on Cutler.
Vienna
The Austria-based Universal Peace Federation (UPF) has designated and recognized Sardar Masood Khan, President of Azad Jammu and Kashmir, as Ambassador of Peace.
At a simple ceremony, the President was given this award and title by Mr. Peter Haider, President of the Universal Peace Federation.
President Masood Khan is in Vienna to attend an international peace conference and to speak at different think tanks.
While accepting the peace award, the President expressed the hope that the Jammu and Kashmir dispute would be resolved through dialogue and diplomacy, within the framework of the United Nations, and the people of Kashmir will see peace in their land.
The Universal Peace Federation acknowledges as individuals whose lives exemplify the ideal of living for the sake of others, and who dedicate themselves to practices which promote universal moral values, international harmony, renewal of the United Nations initiatives, a responsible public media, and the establishment of a culture of peace.
Transcending racial, national and religious barriers, the Ambassadors of Peace contribute to the fulfilment of the hope of all ages of a unified world of peace.—PR
Taraji P. Henson wound up in an emergency room as a result of her food choices. Now, she's on a mission to help women make better decisions with their diet — and prevent them from making the same mistakes that led to her own hospitalization.
“Recently, I had a health issue where it was because of food that was causing me to have really bad gastritis in my stomach, so I was forced to make better choices. And then once I started learning about what was happening to me physically — knowledge is power, and I found out that it was the food choices that I was making that put me in this predicament,” the Empire star tells PEOPLE.
“My mission is to save women from being in the position I was in. You don't want to wake up one day and you can't keep water down. Those food choices led me to the emergency room and I just don't want another woman to have to go through that,” says Henson. “When it's all because of me, that can be prevented in what we choose to eat and what we choose to put in our bodies.”
Henson, 46, has teamed up with Kellogg's Special K — “I love Special K! I've been eating Special K cereal for as long as I can remember. Cereal was a part of my childhood,” she says — and is encouraging women to #OwnIt by combating any self-doubt about their food choices and eat with confidence.
According to a survey conducted by Kellogg's, “90 percent of women in the United States question or doubt their food and spend 61 minutes second-guessing their choices – every day” and “59 percent of women say they spend more time thinking about what they eat than what they wear.”
WATCH: Taraji P. Henson Is One of PEOPLE's World's Most Beautiful
But Henson wants to help change that and is rallying to empower women to own what they're eating without shame.
“Ownership in life gives you confidence. If you are confident about the choices that you're making in your food, then you can own it. I know I can own something that I feel good about. You can't own it if you feel guilty about the choices that you're making. But once you take ownership, then you're taking control of your life – you're taking control of your health and that's a better position to play instead of letting the food take control of you,” she shares.
On Monday, the actress will be in Times Square, New York, with Special K, where she will be highlighting just how much time women spend doubting their food choices and hopes to “relay to these women: take your life back.”
She also is aiming to encourage women to, “own the choices that they're making with their food. Be confident in their food choices and hopefully give them a better option to make better choices for their health and lifestyle.”
Henson adds: “That's what I'm trying do — free women from being slaves to food.”
3 Crucial Decisions You Must Make About Your Next Business Vehicle
Your current business vehicle provided excellent service for a long time, but it's beginning to spend more time in the shop and less time on the road. Instead of continuing to sink more money into a car or truck that will not last much longer, it's time to think about purchasing a replacement.
Before you start looking at different makes and models, there are some decisions you need to make up front. Here are three of the most important ones and how they will impact the type of vehicle you purchase for your business.
Keeping Up Appearances
Whether you like it or not, the type of business vehicle you drive is an indicator of your and your business' social status and personal preferences. It also tells others a little about your personality. Before you go car hunting, it makes sense to come up with a list of makes and models that are truly a reflection of who you are and maybe where you are going in life.
Maybe you are the practical type who wants a vehicle that is comfortable but can be used for all sorts of tasks. If that's the case, checking out a Jeep or some type of truck would be a good idea. Both types of vehicles come with plenty of comforts, are more fuel-efficient than ever, and also happen to come in handy in more situations than a sedan or a van.
Perhaps you like the idea of owning a luxury vehicle that happens to come with a lot of power. That can be important if you are in the process of advancing your career and want to cultivate the image of a successful business professional. In this scenario, settling on something like a new or used bmw x makes a lot of sense. People will notice when you pull up and immediately assume you are doing quite well. On the practical side, the vehicle does get excellent mileage so you will feel free to take off for a weekend trip without worrying about incurring a lot of travel costs.
The Cost of Maintenance and Upkeep
While all business vehicles need maintenance and upkeep, some are known to require less attention. Even the maintenance that must be done may cost less with certain types of vehicles. Depending on your financial circumstances, it may be wise to choose a vehicle that is known to provide excellent performance and need little more than basic upkeep. When that upkeep can be provided without a lot of additional cost, you have more money to take care of your other living expenses.
Don't Forget the Auto Insurance Premiums
Buying a car or truck involves considering more than the initial cost. There's also the matter of commercial auto insurance to think about. Based on the classification of the vehicle and the age, you could find the premiums a little difficult to manage.
There's quite a difference in what you will pay for insurance if you choose something that is classed as a sports car versus something that is considered to be a for-business vehicle like vans. Make sure you can afford the insurance before deciding to buy a certain make and model.
The goal is to invest in a vehicle that will get you where you want to go without a lot of problems along the way. Consider the image you want to project, the ongoing costs associated with upkeep, and how much the insurance will set you back. Once you come up with answers to those questions, you are ready to go business vehicle shopping.
The Hidden Hands Behind US Embassy Move to Jerusalem – Wayne Madsen – Strategic-Culture
Donald Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital and move the US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, all-but-abandoning America's commitment to a two-state solution, has its roots with the religious politics of Jared Kushner, Trump's Middle East adviser and son-in-law. Kushner, a favorite of both Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu and pro-Netanyahu American casino tycoon Sheldon Adelson, has tapped for his Middle East “envoy” team two rabidly pro-Israeli expansion ideologues, US ambassador to Israel David Friedman and “Special Representative for International Negotiations” Jason Greenblatt. Friedman was an attorney with the law firm of Kasowitz, Benson, Torres & Friedman, which represented the Trump Organization. Greenblatt was the chief legal officer for the Trump Organization. Kushner, an Orthodox Jew, along with Friedman and Greenblatt, represent a far-right Zionist cabal that rejects both a Palestinian state and a single Israeli-Palestinian nation that fully enfranchises Palestinians as citizens of a secular Israeli state. Kushner, Friedman, and Greenblatt favor an apartheid state, in which Palestinians are second-class citizens.
In addition to Netanyahu and Adelson, there are other hidden hands behind the US recognition of Jerusalem as the Israeli capital.
In 2009, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) rolled up a group of Syrian-Jewish rabbis in the New Jersey and New York region who held fundraisers for the Binyamin Netanyahu coalition partner, the ultra-Orthodox Shas party. The link between the US rabbis and the corruption-plagued Netanyahu highlighted the secret financing of the expansion of Jewish construction in east Jerusalem. The United Nations does not recognize East Jerusalem as part of Israel and Palestine considers it as the “de jure” capital of the State of Palestine.
A key financier of the east Jerusalem construction is a wealthy American Jewish bingo parlor and gambling tycoon named Irving Moskowitz. A noted neo-conservative, Moskowitz backs such neocon operations as the Hudson Institute, Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs (JINSA), American Enterprise Institute, and the Center for Security Policy (CSP). Frank Gaffney, a controversial Islamophobe and former national security adviser to the Trump presidential campaign, heads the CSP.
Moskowitz has been purchasing land from Arabs, mostly in east Jerusalem, to turn the city into an exclusively Jewish city. More troubling for long-term Middle East peace prospects is Moskowitz's funding of the right-wing Ateret Cohanim movement, which seeks to tear down Jerusalem's Al Aqsa mosque, Islam's third holiest shrine, also known as the Dome of the Rock, to rebuild the Jewish temple.
Of more immediate concern, however, was Moskowitz's purchase of east Jerusalem's Shepherd Hotel, which overlooks Mount Scopus. The hotel, legally considered the property of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, was seized as “war booty” after the 1967 Israeli-Arab war. The hotel was at the center of the expansion controversy between the Obama administration and Netanyahu's government over plans to turn the hotel into apartments exclusively for Jews.
In a July 27 op-ed in the Jerusalem Post by Jeff Baraq, a former editor-in-chief of the newspaper, it is stated: “The fact is that while American Jews like Irving Moskowitz can buy land in East Jerusalem Arab neighborhoods, a Palestinian resident of, say, Sheikh Jarrah [where the Shepherd Hotel is located] cannot purchase an apartment in many parts of west Jerusalem, because the Israel Lands Administration, which owns the land, will only enter into a contract with Israeli citizens of persons entitled to citizenship under the Law of Return.” Noting the political instability of the Netanyahu government, Baraq titled his op-ed “Netanyahu Gov't Unstable, Crisis With US Self-Inflicted.”
With Netanyahu coalition partner Shas front-and-center in the Syrian-Jewish rabbi scandal in New Jersey and New York and the Kushner family tied to criminal scandals in both states, the influence of right-wing supporters of Israel in the Trump administration becomes more obvious. The FBI used a confidential witness to identify a number of the New Jersey and New York Syrian Jewish rabbis who were using synagogues and yeshivas as money laundering fronts reportedly for the illegal sale of knock-off designer handbags and even human organs. The witness, Solomon Dwek, is a major real estate developer and gambling boat owner, was arrested in 2006 for trying to pass a bad check and defraud PNC Bank of $25 million. Dwek is also a key figure in the powerful Syrian Jewish clan in New Jersey and New York, which has been dubbed the SY Empire” and the “Dwek clan.” This clan also has ties to the Kushner Companies, a real estate firm with major holdings in New Jersey and New York.
Jared Kushner and the Trump Organization are under investigation by Department of Justice Special Counsel Robert Mueller for money laundering activities involving both the Trump and Kushner families. This probe reportedly involves the laundering of foreign money through purchases of real estate, including condominiums, in Trump and Kushner buildings in Manhattan and New Jersey. This money laundering was at the center of the takedown of the Syrian Jewish syndicate during Mueller's term as FBI director. The following excerpt of the federal indictment explains the type of money laundering engaged in by the Shas operatives. In the criminal complaint against Rabbi Eliahu “Eli” Ben Haim of the Ohel Yaacob congregation in Deal, New Jersey, a co-conspirator only identified as “I.M.,” who was based in Israel and was a principal source of cash for Ben Haim, is cited.
“Defendant BEN HAIM told the CW [Confidential Witness] about ‘customers from two, three years ago that are calling me,' and indicated that “[t]hat's a signal that the market is tight.' Defendant BEN HAIM also discussed his source for cash, Coconspirator I.M., and stated that he spoke to Co-conspirator I.M. ‘[e]very day – every other day.' Referring to Co-conspirator I.M., defendant BEN HAIM then asked the CW ‘[d]id you know that he had me in the last 4 years send out wires every time to a different place in the world to a different name? It's unbelievable. I never saw anything like it.' When the CW asked whether defendant BEN HAIM was referring to different locations in only Israel, defendant BEN HAIM replied ‘[n]o, all over the world… All over the world. From Australia to New Zealand to Uganda. I mean [u/i] [unintelligible] every country imaginable. Turkey, you can't believe it… All different names. It's never the same name… Switzerland, everywhere, France, everywhere, Spain… China, Japan.' Defendant BEN HAIM also explained that the market for cash was tight ‘only in the beginning of the year and the end of the year.'”
The statement provides the lengths to which those involved in laundering money in support of illegal Israeli construction on Palestinian territory go to cover their tracks. On July 26, 2009, the Israeli newspaper Yedioth Ahronoth reported that Rabbi David Yosef, the son of Shas spiritual leader and former Chief Rabbi of Israel Rabbi Ovadia Yosef, left the Long Branch, New Jersey home of Ben-Haim for Israel just hours before the FBI raid that saw Ben-Haim taken into custody. In May 2009, Aryeh Deri visited the Syrian-Jewish community in the New York-New Jersey region seeking funds for a new political party. Deri's successor as the head of Shas, Eliyahu “Eli” Yishai, who left Shas to form the ultra-right Yachad party, served as Interior Minister and a Deputy Prime Minister of Israel. Yishai blocked the Holy See from exercising control over its property in Jerusalem and the West Bank.
Ovadia Yosef also condemned President Obama for pressuring Israel to freeze of settlements. Yosef also called for the rebuilding of the Jewish temple on the site of the Al Aqsa mosque in Jerusalem. Yosef complained that there “are Arabs there.” It is with this background of Arab hatred that Trump, serving the interests of the Kushner-Moskowitz-Adelson cabal, reversed 70 years of US policy in recognizing Jerusalem as the Israeli capital.
Source Link – Strategic-Culture
loading...
Sharing is caring!
“Saturday Night Live” has responded to Brigitte Bardot and Catherine Deneuve criticizing the #MeToo movement in a “Weekend Update” segment that saw Kate McKinnon and Cecily Strong portray the French film legends, respectively.
“I stand by everything I have said, and I will double down,” McKinnon's Bardot said, following it up with a call to “free Harvey Weinstein.”
Strong's Deneuve sat alongside McKinnon's Bardot as she smoked. “Do not be nervous, Colin, about being around two beautiful women. We will not discourage you from being a man,” Strong's Deneuve started, addressing “Weekend Update” co-anchor Colin Jost.
Strong's Deneuve said she didn't “want romance to die” but admitted that if the comments went too far she apologized. After McKinnon's Bardot called Weinstein a “real man,” Strong's Deneuve tried to soften the blow, eventually saying she was beginning to think she should not have aligned with Bardot. “Brigitte is very old and very wrong,” she declared at the end.
McKinnon's Bardot on the other hand continued to go all-in. “Why does a woman have a breast? It is for a man to grab and pull,” she said. “A drawer has a knob. A woman has two knobs.”
Back in January, Bardot publicly criticized the #MeToo movement, and now almost 100 female actresses and activists in France have signed a letter effectively agreeing with Bardot and claiming the #MeToo movement has “gone too far.”
Bardot is retired from acting.
Watch McKinnon and Strong's takes on Bardot and Deneuve below:
“Saturday Night Live” airs Saturdays at 11:30 p.m. on NBC.
FILE PHOTO: Visitors looks at an electronic board showing the Japan's Nikkei average at the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) in Tokyo, Japan, February 9, 2016.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Asian shares rallied and the dollar firmed on Tuesday after North Korea's leader signaled that he would delay plans to fire a missile near Guam, further easing tensions and prompting investors to move back into riskier assets.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan .MIAPJ0000PUS edged up 0.2 percent, with South Korea .KS11 up 0.6 percent and Australia 0.7 percent.
Japan's Nikkei stock index .N225 rose 1.2 percent, with a tailwind from a weaker yen. The yen tends to gain in times of crisis on assumptions that Japanese investors will repatriate assets.
On Wall Street on Monday, U.S. stocks recovered from last week's selloff, when fears of conflict between the United States and North Korea helped wipe out nearly $1 trillion from global equity markets. The S&P 500 .SPX posted its biggest one-day percentage gain since April. [.N]
North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un received a report from his army on its plans to fire missiles toward Guam and said he will watch the actions of the United States for a while longer before making a decision, the North's official news agency said on Tuesday.
U.S. President Donald Trump did not have any fresh words for Pyongyang, but Defense Secretary Jim Mattis warned on Monday that the U.S. military would be prepared to intercept a missile fired by North Korea if it was headed to Guam.
"We have North Korea saying they will wait, and Trump not saying anything at all, compared to his past promise of 'fire and fury,'" said Mitsuo Imaizumi, chief FX strategist at Daiwa Securities.
"That added up to good news for the dollar, bad news for the yen," he said.
The dollar was up 0.4 percent at 110.06 yen JPY=, pulling further away from last week's eight-week low, while the euro gained 0.4 percent to 129.69 yen JPYEUR=.
The euro was flat on the day against the dollar at $1.1784 EUR=, while the dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major rivals, added 0.1 percent to 93.476 .DXY.
Against the Swiss franc CHF= the dollar edged higher, after jumping more than 1 percent on Monday.
The dollar rose as traders unwound their bearish bets made last week after Friday's disappointing U.S. inflation data dampened expectations that the Federal Reserve would raise interest rates again this year.
New York Fed President William Dudley said that it was not unreasonable to think the central bank would begin trimming its $4.2 trillion balance sheet in September and hike rates again this year, provided economic data holds up.
Crude oil futures steadied after tumbling more than 2.5 percent on Monday in volatile trade. [O/R]
U.S. crude futures CLc1 rose 1 cent to $47.60 a barrel. Brent crude LCOc1 added 2 cents to $50.75.
Spot gold XAU= prices skidded 0.3 percent to $1,277.66 an ounce, extending their fall from Monday when they shed half a percent. [GOL/]
1:47
Obama gave this man a second chance, here's how it's going
1:44
How destructive is the ‘Mother of All Bombs'?
0:08
Google today is expanding its speech recognition capabilities to support dozens of new languages, particularly those in emerging markets in India and Africa, the company announced this morning. That means more people around the world will gain the ability to search the web by voice as well as type via voice using Google's keyboard app, Gboard.
The company says with the update, it's adding 30 languages and locales around the world, bringing the total supported to 119. The update includes 8 more Indian languages, as well as Swahili and Amharic, two of Africa's largest languages.
The new speech recognition will be initially supported in Gboard for Android and Voice Search. U.S. English speakers, meanwhile, can now use voice dictation to express themselves using emojis, too. (e.g. you can just say “winky face emoji” instead of hunting for it.)
The new languages are also available today in the Cloud Speech API, which already supported 89 languages, and is used in a number of third-party voice and video applications, like transcription services, speech analytics applications, IVR applications, and more.
In time, the new languages will be added to other Google products, including the Google Translate app.
However, the more critical part of this news is what this means for those in emerging markets – regions that are often ignored when it comes to being among the first to gain access to new technology advances from tech giants.
But with mobile, that's changed. Tech companies are now aiming to establish footholds in these regions, as the next large swath of internet users come online.
In India, especially, Google's move to expand speech recognition tech could have a significant impact. The country is estimated to have some 420 million mobile internet users as of this June, making India one of the biggest markets in the world for companies like Apple, Google and Facebook to address.
Google's expansion with voice technology also comes shortly after a piece in The Wall Street Journal detailed how tech companies are rethinking their products for the developing world – in particular, how the next billion mobile users will heavily take advantage of technologies like video and voice. Google, for example, told The WSJ, that it's been seeing “a new kind of internet user” – a group that's “very different from the first billion” in terms of how they access the web.
To develop speech recognition capabilities for these new languages, Google combined human labor with its machine learning technology.
The company says that it works with native speakers to collect speech samples by asking them to read common phrases. This, in turn, helped to train Google's machine learning models to better understand the sounds and words of the new languages to improve their accuracy when they were exposed to more examples over time.
The full list of new languages includes the following:
STARKVILLE, Miss. — Lamar Peters scored a season-high 20 points to lead Mississippi State to a 72-57 win over Georgia on Saturday night.
Quinndary Weatherspoon and his brother Nick Weatherspoon added 14 points for Mississippi State while Aric Holman chipped in 12 points, all of which came in the second half. The Bulldogs (17-6, 5-5 SEC) have now won three straight SEC games.
Georgia (13-9, 5-5) received 13 points from Yante Maten and Tyree Crump while Pape Diatta added 12 points.
Mississippi State jumped out to a 9-3 lead in the opening minutes and continued to add more separation the remainder of the first half. Thanks to Peters' 3 pointer, Mississippi State built a 24-11 lead midway through the first half and Georgia never got within single digits the rest of the half.
Led by Peters' 13 points in the first half, Mississippi State held a 37-21 advantage at halftime. The Bulldogs shot 48.4 per cent in the first half while Georgia shot just 33.3 per cent from the field. Mississippi State also dominated the boards in the first half with a 22-9 advantage.
BIG PICTURE
Georgia: The Bulldogs have now lost four of their last five games inside SEC play. Head coach Mark Fox pointed to his team's lack of physicality in the loss at Mississippi State, particularly on the defensive backboards.
Mississippi State: After a 2-5 start in the SEC, Mississippi State has now won three straight league games for the first time since last January. The Bulldogs are now 15-1 at home and 3-1 in SEC home games.
UP NEXT
Georgia remains on the road in SEC action and will travel to Vanderbilt on Wednesday.
Like every woman in Pennsylvania, I am represented entirely by men at the federal level.
My home district, PA-1, has never been represented in Congress by a woman. In fact, Pennsylvania is the largest state with an all-male congressional delegation. We rank 49th in the country for female representation in government.
This is dismal. But this year, historic numbers of women throughout the country are running for office. And I'm proud to be one of them.
After Donald Trump won the presidential election, I felt compelled to run for office. Having served my country on active duty in the military, prosecuted sexual assault crimes, and worked as an advocate for survivors of domestic violence, I felt I had to step up and use my experience to fight back against his dangerous agenda.
"I've had sexual demands on social media. I've had rape threats."
And yet, running for office as a woman is a very different experience than it is for a man. Despite my military credentials, I get asked if I'm "tough enough" to serve. I'm asked how I could possibly handle being a mom and a congresswoman at the same time. Some people have even asked why my husband isn't running instead.
These are not questions my male counterparts will ever have to answer. Their strength, dedication, and leadership are assumed.
And I assume neither of my male opponents has ever had a message hit his inbox that threatens, “I want to find you in a dark alley. It's always better when you're terrified.” I've had inappropriate comments. I've had sexual demands on social media. I've had rape threats.
Luckily, I have thick skin, mostly thanks to my time in the Navy. But these comments aren't just from random strangers on the internet — I hear them on the campaign trail too.
"No woman expects to be elected solely because she is female."
It feels remarkably tone-deaf when I hear another candidate tell voters that he is excited it's “the year of the woman." That he tried to find a "prominent" woman to run before he felt compelled to throw his own hat in the ring.
Look: We won't have a "year of the woman" by politely asking men to step out of the way. No woman expects to be elected solely because she is female. We believe we can win because of our hard work, unique experiences, and commitment to our communities.
I am hopeful that the groundswell of women running this year will be enough to change the calculus in Washington. Those of us who have gotten off the sidelines cannot do this alone. We need other women, and men, beside us demanding a collective seat at the table. Even in the so-called "year of the woman," we still have to fight twice as hard.
This op-ed solely reflects the views of the author, and is part of a larger, feminist discourse.
HUTCHINSON, Kan. (AP) — Irrigation projects that aim to improve Kansas's diminishing underground water supply will be showcased across the state this month.
The state's more than 15 Water Technology Farms will show farmers in western Kansas how to use less irrigation water on their crops.
One technology is a precision mobile drip irrigation system that aims to increase efficiency.
The first technology farms were implemented in 2016. They test the latest irrigation equipment on a large level.
Gov. Sam Brownback began working on a plan to preserve the state's water resources shortly after taking office. Irrigation wells are drawing water from the Ogallala Aquifer at a rate that could leave the aquifer 70 percent depleted by 2064.
More than 95 percent of that water is used for irrigation.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Huntsman Corp:
* HUNTSMAN CORP - JON M. HUNTSMAN, FOUNDER AND CHAIRMAN EMERITUS OF HUNTSMAN CORPORATION, PASSED AWAY ON FRIDAY Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Drake and Jennifer Lopez have reportedly been getting seriously cozy over the past few weeks after sharing snaps of themselves embracing on social media and dropping more than a few hints that they're dating, but sources are now claiming that their so-called romance is nothing but a publicity stunt. That's according to a new report by Page Six who cited an inside source as claiming that Jennifer and Drake's widely reported romance is allegedly “fake” and a “publicity stunt” to create buzz for their rumored upcoming duet. The site reported that it “is believed they are using their chemistry to sell their new record,” while even going as far as to allege that the recently leaked footage of the Jennifer and Drake dancing and kissing at a prom was actually purposefully leaked online to promote their alleged upcoming duet. According to the site, it's thought that the clip, which showed Lopez and Drake dressed in prom attire and accepting king and queen accolades on a stage at what appeared to be a high school prom, was actually footage taken from the music video shoot for Jennifer and Drake's collaboration, the name of which has not yet been announced. Yo this is so cute ????❤ @jlo #music #dance #beautiful #goals #jenniferlopez #jlovegas #allihave #jlo #Drake A video posted by @slayitlikejlo on Dec 30, 2016 at 3:08am PST “Several of the videos conveniently come with a soundtrack featuring vocals from both artists from their new song,” Page Six reported amid rumors Lopez and Drake are officially dating, before then citing a source who called Drake's romance with the former American Idol judge “fake.” “This relationship is fake, it is just a publicity stunt to publicize their record together,” a showbiz insider told the site of Lopez and Drake's much buzzed about relationship allegedly being nothing more than a publicity stunt. “If Jennifer and Drake were really dating, they'd be way more private about it.” Lopez and Drake supposedly dating has been widely reported over the past several weeks, as People reported that Jennifer and the “Hotline Bling” have been spending a whole lot of time together recently, adding fuel to the dating rumors by posting a number of photos together on social media. “Jennifer Lopez loves the attention and she seems very happy to be spending time with [Drake],” a source revealed earlier this month. “Drake is very charming. He treats Jennifer with lots of respect. She seems very smitten.” [Image by Kevin Winter/Getty Images] The site's Drake insider then went on to claim that “Jennifer and Drake seem really happy” together prior to the publicity stunt claims, even adding that friends of the two musicians “have no idea where the relationship is going” as the dating rumors continue to swirl. But while Lopez and Drake are yet to officially comment on rumors they're officially dating, the “fake” and publicity stunt accusations also come just one day after Jennifer was spotted spending New Year's Eve with Drake in Las Vegas. E! News reported that Jennifer and Drake celebrated the New Year together in Sin City, claiming that Lopez watched Drake perform a set in a Nevada club before the duo then left the club together at around 2:30 a.m. Jennifer Lopez and Drake have not commented on the publicity stunt accusations, nor have they officially confirmed they're dating, though this isn't the first time the Shades of Blue actress has been accused of using her high-profile dating life to create buzz for a project. [Image by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images] TMZ alleged back in 2015 that Lopez may have faked her breakup with then boyfriend Caspar Smart to promote her movie The Boy Next Door, claiming that Jennifer and Smart conveniently split just before the movie was released, leading the way for rumors to swirl that Lopez could have been dating her co-star Ryan Guzman. Long before Jennifer was accused of dating Drake as a publicity stunt, the site claimed that Lopez and Casper never actually broke up prior to the two eventually splitting for good last year, alleging that those behind the scenes of the blockbuster “felt creating a buzz that [Lopez] was hooking up with Ryan would help sell tickets” allegedly urging Jennifer to fake a breakup with her then boyfriend. Do you think Jennifer Lopez and Drake dating is just a publicity stunt ahead of their rumored new duet? [Featured Image by Jason Merritt and Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty Images]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
The latest edition of Westwood's World Land Drilling Rig Market Forecast 2018-2022. is now available, updated with Westwood's latest data and reflecting the outcomes of the June 22nd-23rd 2018 OPEC meetings.
The need for safe, efficient and cost-effective operations is driving the demand for high-specification rigs and upgrades of the existing fleet in North America. High-spec rigs are also in demand as a result of increased horizontal drilling in China and Russia, as well as the development of the Vaca Muerta shale play in Argentina.
Westwood expects the growth in North American drilling to drive a sustained recovery in the rig market over the next five years, with both the number of operational rigs and rigs drilling forecast to rise at a 5% CAGR through to 2022.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Monday's Champions League Round of 16 draws saw Chelsea paired with Barcelona once again.
The two clubs have provided some thrilling encounters over the years, from Ronaldinho's Stamford Bridge masterclass in 2005 to Fernando Torres's last-minute Nou Camp winner in 2012.
But shortly following the draw, 2006 quotes from Barcelona star Lionel Messi resurfaced - and they make for remarkable reading.
The Argentinian forward made the remarks prior to a group game clash against the Blues. It was also the season after Barcelona had knocked Chelsea out of the Champions League in the Round of 16 and Jose Mourinho had accused Messi of overreacting to get Asier Del Horno sent off.
(Image: David Ramos/Getty Images)
(Image: Mike Hewitt/Getty Images)
The Barcelona forward, then 19, told News of the World : "There are players here who hate Chelsea more than Real Madrid," Messi told the News of the World. "I never thought I would hear myself say that.
"I also never thought I would see something worse than the Boca and River Plate rivalry or Brazil v Argentina - but this is.
(Image: Denis Doyle/Getty Images)
"We would rather play Arsenal, Manchester United or anyone else than be on the pitch with Chelsea."
Astonishingly, Messi has faced Chelsea eight times without scoring a single goal from 29 shots; his worst record against a single club during his career. How he would love to score against the club he 'hates'.
The ties take place in February and March.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
MOOSIC — An uncharacteristic defensive inning by Old Forge put it in an early hole from which it could not overcome.
David Piestrak and Conner Hazlet each had two hits and Brandon Hardiman pitched five solid innings as No. 6 seed Northwest Area upset No. 1 Old Forge, 7-4, in the District 2 Class 2A final Wednesday at PNC Field.
The Rangers (6-11) advance to the PIAA playoffs and will face District 3 champion Camp Hill in the first round Monday.
Old Forge's season ends at 11-5.
“We had to play catch-up the whole time,” Old Forge coach Tony DiMattia said. “It seemed like we couldn't get that two-out hit when we had a chance to maybe cut into it a little bit. It just stayed away from us.”
Credit Hardiman for that. He went five innings and allowed three runs on seven hits. He walked two and struck out four.
David Piestrak pitched the final two innings for Northwest.
“We battled all game,” Hardiman said. “Everything we did, I just tried to capitalize and use it to the best of my ability.”
The teams traded runs in the first inning. In the top half, Hardiman dunked a triple just inside the right-field line and scored on a single by Hazlet. In the bottom half, Michael DiGregorio led off with a double and scored on Brendan Mozeleski's single.
Then came the fateful top of the second for Old Forge. Northwest Area took advantage of a pair of Blue Devils errors to open a 4-1 lead against starting and losing pitcher Mozeleski.
Curtis Gregory drew a leadoff walk and was sacrificed to second. Tommy Antolik then hit a ball wide of first base that went for an infield single. A throwing error allowed Gregory to score and Antolik to take second.
Following a fly out, Mason Mott reached on an error. Piestrak then ripped a two-run double to the gap in right-center field.
“Our defense for the most part this season has been very good,” DiMattia said. “Those were plays we made during the year.”
Old Forge cut into the deficit in the bottom of the third. With one out, DiGregorio singled. Mozeleski doubled into the left-field corner to score DiGregorio. Patrick Donovan then doubled over the right fielder's head to make it 4-3.
Two singles sandwiched around a walk loaded the bases for Northwest in the top of the fifth. Joe Ridgley had a RBI fielder's choice that gave the Rangers a 5-3 lead.
In the bottom of the fifth, Old Forge had runners at second and third with two outs. Hardiman got a strikeout to end the threat. It was the final batter he faced.
“He kept us off-balance the entire game,” DiMattia said. “Even when we got ahead in the count, 2-0, he never gave in. He went off the black, off the black, off the black and we really didn't adjust other than two or three times there when we went the other way.
“He pitched to his strength and toward our weaknesses and we never made the adjustment.”
Northwest again loaded the bases in the top of the sixth on a walk and two singles. With one out, Hazlet hit a high chopper that Mozeleski fielded and threw to first base for the out. But a run scored.
Mason Boettger relieved Mozeleski and Adam Bukavich jumped on his first pitch for a RBI single to make it 7-3.
Sean Donovan led off the bottom of the sixth with a single. He advanced to second on a dropped third strike and came around on a pair of wild pitches to pull Old Forge within 7-4.
However, the Blue Devils could rally no further.
Contact the writer:
swalsh@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9100 ext. 5109;
@swalshTT on Twitter
Northwest Area Old Forge
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Piestrak 1b-p 4 1 2 2 DiGrgrio 2b 3 2 2 0
Hardiman p-1b 4 1 1 0 Mzlski p-rf 4 1 3 2
Hazlet 2b 4 1 2 2 Donovan 1b 3 0 1 1
Bukavich cf 2 0 1 1 Boettger c-p 4 0 0 0
Gregory lf 2 1 1 0 Febbo rf-lf 1 0 0 0
Ridgely ss 2 0 1 1 Marsico lf 0 0 0 0
Antolik rf 4 1 1 0 Jones dh 3 0 0 0
Capece dh 3 0 0 0 DiMattia c 0 0 0 0
Noss 3b 0 0 0 0 Banks ph 1 0 0 0
MacDougall pr 0 0 0 0 Donovan 3b 3 1 2 0
Mott c 4 0 1 0 Welsh ss 2 0 0 0
Pierontoni cr 0 2 0 0 Verespey cf 3 0 0 0
Totals 29 7 10 6 Totals 27 4 8 3
Northwest Area 130 012 0 — 7
Old Forge 102 001 0 — 4
2B: Brendan Mozeleski (OF), Patrick Donovan (OF), David Piestrak (NW), Michael DiGregorio (OF). 3B: Brandon Hardiman (NW).
Northwest Area IP H R ER BB SO
Hardiman, WP 5 7 3 3 2 4
Piestrak 2 1 1 1 1 2
Old Forge IP H R ER BB SO
Mozeleski, LP 5 2/3 8 7 4 6 4
Boettger 1 1/3 2 0 0 0 1
Pitches: NW Hardiman 94, Piestrak 39; OF: Mozeleski 103, Boettger 21
Records: NW 6-11; OF 11-5
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Shenzhen Stock Exchange
* Says China Transinfo Technology Co Ltd TO HALT SHARE TRADE FROM FEB 2 PENDING REGULATORY REVIEW OF ASSET ACQUISITION PROPOSAL Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2DUU4oT Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish authorities on Friday ordered the detention of 13 people for supporting the national medical association online, the newspaper Hurriyet reported, after the organisation publicly opposed a military campaign in Syria.
A prosecutor this week ordered the detention of 11 senior members of the Turkish Medical Association (TTB), including its chairman, after the organisation criticised the incursion into Syria's Afrin, saying “No to war, peace immediately”. President Tayyip Erdoğan accused the body of treason.
More than 300 people have been detained over social media posts that “criticised, opposed or misrepresented” the Afrin campaign, which started nearly two weeks ago, the government has said.
Among the 13 people targeted by the latest detention warrants was the gay rights activist Ali Erol, who had tweeted “War is a public health problem. #WeStandWithTTB”, his organisation said. Another person was detained after tweeting “War is death, destruction, blood and tears. #NoToWar”, other local media reported.
Authorities also raided the residence of a lawyer who had publicly read the statement from the medical association, a lawmaker from the main opposition said.
“They don't want to let anyone breathe,” Baris Yarkadas, of the Republican People's Party (CHP), said on Twitter.
The crackdown on some of Turkey's top doctors has drawn international criticism from rights group Amnesty International and the World Medical Association, which has called for their protection and an immediate end to the legal proceedings.
Erdoğan's critics see the latest arrests as emblematic of the purge that has followed a failed 2016 coup. More than 50,000 people have been arrested and 150,000 sacked or suspended from their jobs, moves the government says are necessary given the multiple security threats Turkey faces.
Right groups and some of Turkey's Western allies fear Erdoğan is using the crackdown to stifle dissent and crush his opponents. Freedom House, a Washington-based watchdog, downgraded Turkey to “not free” from “partly free” in an annual report last month.
Turkey launched its Afrin operation, dubbed “Operation Olive Branch”, nearly two weeks ago to target Kurdish YPG fighters near its southern border. Turkey sees the militia as a terrorist group and an extension of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK).
Separately, authorities on Thursday ordered the detention of another 13 people in three provinces for protesting against the offensive, police said.
PROBATE NOTICE TO CREDITORS
RCW 11.40.030
SUPERIOR COURT OF WASHINGTON FOR CLARK COUNTY
IN THE MATTER OF THE ESTATE OF
ARTHUR ANTHONY ROSSOMONDO, Deceased.
Case No. 18-4-00419-6
The Personal Representative named below has been appointed as Personal Representative of this estate. Any person having a claim against the decedent must, before the time the claim would be barred by any otherwise applicable statute of limitations, present the claim in the manner as provided in RCW 11.40.070 by serving on or mailing to the Personal Representative or the Personal Representative's attorney at the address stated below a copy of the claim and filing the original of the claim with the court in which the probate proceedings were commenced. The claim must be presented within the later of: (1) Thirty days after the Personal Representative served or mailed the notice to the creditor as provided under RCW 11.40.020(1)(c); or (2) four months after the date of first publication of the notice. If the claim is not presented within this time frame, the claim is forever barred, except as otherwise provided in RCW 11.40.051 and 11.40.060. This bar is effective as to claims against both the decedent's probate and nonprobate assets.
DATE OF FIRST PUBLICATION: May 25, 2018 PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE: Fred W. “Marty” Martinez ATTORNEY FOR PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE: Philip B. Janney, WSBA #20126 Of LANDERHOLM, P.S. ADDRESS FOR MAILING OR SERVICE: 805 Broadway Street, Suite 1000, P.O. Box 1086, Vancouver, WA 98666-1086
360-696-3312 Court of probate proceedings: Superior Court of Washington for Clark County Cause number: 18-4-00419-6
Landerholm, 805 Broadway Street, Suite 1000, PO Box 1086, Vancouver, WA 98666 T: 360-696-3312 • F: 360-696-2122
May 25 Jun 1, 8 2018
Comments
comments
LONDON (Reuters) - The "Big Ben" bell in the British parliament's famous clock tower will cease its regular bongs at noon on Aug. 21, falling silent for most of the next four years while renovation works are carried out, the House of Commons said on Monday. The hammers which have struck the 13. reuters 9:35:00 AM CEST
OKLAHOMA CITY -- It was only for 10 minutes, but the Thunder got their first glimpse of what their trio of stars will look like on Friday against the New Orleans Pelicans.
Russell Westbrook returned from a platelet-rich plasma injection in his left knee, joining new teammates Carmelo Anthony and Paul George for the first time this preseason as the Thunder topped the Pelicans 102-91. Westbrook played only in the first quarter, scoring nine points on 3-of-5 shooting plus getting four assists, with the plan for him to ramp up his workload in the final two preseason games. But even in the limited time, Westbrook's influence on the revamped Thunder offense was striking as he focused on playmaking, zipping passes to George, Anthony and Steven Adams.
"[Westbrook's] got speed that you can't scout for, that you can't plan for," George said. "It's a definite luxury to have a guy with you on the floor with you. He's going to create so much stuff for me and Carmelo. It was good, it was good to get a glimpse of that."
Like the Thunder's opening preseason game on Tuesday, Anthony played only in the first half, while George played midway through the third quarter. Anthony finished with nine points on 4-of-10 shooting plus six rebounds, while George poured in 25 on 7-of-14 in 27 minutes. George once again found his rhythm playing solo in the third, scoring nine points in eight minutes on 3-of-4 shooting.
"The communication is great offensively," coach Billy Donovan said. "Carmelo has played in different systems, so he's learning a new system, Paul's learning a system. We've a lot of guys out there doing something for the first time and not only learning something new, not that they haven't seen this before, but playing and functioning and playing with other guys. I think they're doing a really, really good job of continuing to work on that chemistry."
Carmelo Anthony and Russell Westbrook, along with Paul George, made their official debut as Thunder teammates in Friday's preseason win over the Pelicans. Layne Murdoch/NBAE/Getty Images
Though it was only for a quarter, the Thunder also got a dress rehearsal for how rotations might work with their three stars. Anthony was the first one out, leaving George and Westbrook time to run a two-headed attack. After Westbrook checked out, Anthony subbed back in for George, spending time as the focal point of the second unit.
"That's one thing Coach has sat down with myself, sat down with Russ, Carmelo, is he wants us to be ourselves," George said. "He wants us to bring what makes us special, just do it within the confinement of this team. That's what's going to make the game easy for everybody."
One sequence in the first quarter showcased the explosive potential of the trio: After Anthony hit a straightaway 3, he hauled in a defensive rebound, hitting Westbrook on an outlet, and he kicked it ahead to George for a transition 3. It was a six-point flurry in a matter of seconds.
"We joke about it, how to run a fast break with him because he's so fast," George said of Westbrook. "By the time you catch it your feet are all messed up trying to catch up to him. So it's going to be an adjustment, but again, you've got a guy that puts that much pressure on a defense, it's going to make the game so much easier for me. My job is the easy part, just to finish those plays for him."
It's only two preseason games, but with Westbrook in the mix directing the offense, the flow for the Thunder was much more fluid. Both Anthony and George talked following the game against Houston on Tuesday about adjusting and overcoming some of the offensive awkwardness of learning new teammates as they build chemistry on the floor. But on Friday, it was noticeably better with fewer your-turn-my-turn isolation sets.
"We don't know, we're just playing ball right now," Anthony said of building an identity. "We're just trying to figure it out. We want to play fast, we want to play quick, but I think with Russ you almost have to play quick. If he passes it to you and you're open and you don't shoot it, he'll get mad at you. That's something since he's been in practice we've been working on. But we don't know, we're just playing basketball, seeing what works, trying see what doesn't work, and when the time comes we'll see what works and stick with that."
The Green Bay Packers missed the playoffs in 2017 after eight consecutive trips to the postseason. With more roster turnover than previous years, this team will be headed in a different direction next season. There are several players and coaching personnel that should shift philosophies on both sides of the ball. As new faces emerge and impact this year's squad, certain players will have to prove their worth to the future of the organization. There are several Packers under pressure to continue playing at a high level while others must find a way to break out as impact players in 2018.
Randall Cobb
The decision to cut Jordy Nelson shakes up the rest of the receiving corps. Each member will be facing certain pressures. Davante Adams must prove he can step in as the team's go-to receiver and continue to strive without the threat of Nelson on the other side. Jimmy Graham signed a lucrative free-agent deal that made it impossible to carry Nelson's cap number, so he will be counted on to replace the lost red zone production. Geronimo Allison has to ward off three draftees to hold down the third receiver role. Randall Cobb faces the most pressure as the team's number two pass-catcher heading into training camp.
Cobb hasn't been the same player since his career year in 2014. That was Cobb's sole 1,000-yard season as well as the only time he has recorded double-digit touchdowns. He has averaged only ten yards per reception the past three seasons. The former second-round pick has had various shoulder and ankle injuries the past two seasons and it appears he will be starting training camp on the sidelines. Cobb is entering a contract year at age 28, so if he wants to continue making over $ten million/year, he will need to come close to his 2014 totals.
Ha Ha Clinton-Dix
In a league that continues to devalue safeties, Ha Ha Clinton-Dix must prove he is one of the top players at the position. In order to receive a second contract from the Packers next off-season, Clinton-Dix must play better than he did in 2017. The former Pro-Bowler took a step back with a limited supporting cast in the secondary. Longtime strong safety Morgan Burnett left the organization in free agency, so Clinton-Dix becomes the de facto leader on the back end.
Clinton-Dix looked like one of the best players on the team and the future of the Packers' secondary just two years ago. He would be the first to admit that he had a down year in 2017, but Clinton-Dix has also declared that he will be back on top this year. New defensive coordinator Mike Pettine should help the development of the team's safeties. His best defenses have never had premier players at that position. If Clinton-Dix is able to parlay his role in a new scheme into a career year, he could become the highest paid player at the position.
Clay Matthews
First-year general manager Brian Gutekunst has made several moves to improve the Packers' needs at cornerback and wide receiver. Viewed as a major hole at the start of the off-season, Gutekunst mostly ignored adding to the depth at outside linebacker. There is little-proven talent behind Clay Matthews and seventh-year pro Nick Perry. These two are a formidable duo when healthy but therein lies the problem. They rarely are at full strength at the same time.
The Packers will be looking for key contributions from Vince Biegel, Kyler Fackrell, and Reggie Gilbert, names that don't inspire much confidence at this stage in their careers. Matthews will be required to lead this group and generate a consistent pass rush without the help he has had in previous years.
Matthews is entering the final year of a $66 million extension he signed in 2013. He just turned 32 and will be fighting for his last major contract next off-season. He was still the team's best outside linebacker in 2017 but will need to prove that he can continue to contribute at a high level moving forward. The Packers are asking a lot of Matthews this year. If he is able to have a strong season and reach near double-digit sacks, there's a good chance Matthews will earn another contract from the team.
Muhammad Wilkerson
A few years ago, Muhammad Wilkerson was one of the game's most dominant defensive linemen. He compiled 33 sacks and over 250 tackles with the New York Jets from 2012-2015. Wilkerson never matched his totals from that span after signing a five-year $86 million extension in 2016.
He signed a prove-it deal with the Packers in hopes of recouping his image for next off-season. On a defensive line packed with talent, Wilkerson will have plenty of one-on-one opportunities to show he can still be a dominant interior pass-rusher.
Wilkerson doesn't have to carry the weight of the D-line by himself. He's not under pressure to create havoc on his own while line up next to Mike Daniels and Kenny Clark. He won't be facing the same pressure as Matthews to continue being the face of the defense. Wilkerson simply must prove to the rest of the league that he was worthy of becoming one of the highest paid defensive players and that he is worthy of another lucrative deal in 2019.
Jason Spriggs
Jason Spriggs finds himself in the midst of a career crossroads. Former general manager Ted Thompson traded up in the second round of the 2016 NFL Draft to secure Spriggs. The plan was for Spriggs to replace David Bakhtiari on the left side. Shortly after, the general manager signed Bakhtiari to a lucrative extension, signaling Spriggs's place as a swing tackle in case of injury. Spriggs has gotten onto the field each season but hasn't performed up to his draft status. Even after suffering hamstring and knee injuries last year, Spriggs enters camp as one of the team's healthiest tackles.
Right tackle Bryan Bulaga tore his ACL in week 11 last year, and he's not expected to be ready for training camp. Kyle Murphy, a sixth-round draft pick in 2016, also ended last season on injured reserve and is coming back from foot surgery. Byron Bell was signed in free agency to add competition on the right side. Spriggs should be looked at as the favorite to begin training camp next to Justin McCray at guard. If he is ever going to live up to his billing as a high draft pick, Spriggs must take advantage of these extra snaps and make a big jump in his third year.
Main photo:
Embed from Getty Images
Related
View the original article on Last Word On Pro Football: Green Bay Packers Under Pressure To Succeed in 2018
Complete access to news articles on this website is available to Daily Record subscribers who are logged in. Subscribers may login at the login tab, below. Others may join our audience of successful Marylanders with a subscription today
Feb 2(Reuters) - Haima Automobile Group Co Ltd
* Says it and units accumulatively received subsidy of 99 million yuan from the government in 2017
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/GoQEb5
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
CLAIM
A rapist may sue a victim for custody of a child in 31 states, but in no states may victims seek child support from rapists.
Mixture
RATING
Mixture
WHAT'S TRUE
Some states do not have laws to prevent the perpetrator of a rape from seeking custody and visitation for a child conceived during that act.
WHAT'S FALSE
No laws appear to restrict the victim of a rape from seeking child support from the rapist.
ORIGIN
A long-circulating meme holds that in 31 states it is legal for a rapist to sue his victim for custody of a child conceived during the assault, but in no states do rape victims have legal standing to sue their attackers for child support:
The latter claim was the more straightforward, asserting that in all 50 states a victim of rape cannot sue her rapist for child support. We were unable to find any law expressly prohibiting such an action in any state, although objections to the structure and efficacy of mandated child support in rape cases remains controversial. For example, a June 2015 article reported on a case involving a teenaged rape victim who was compelled to seek support in family court, effectively commanding her to maintain a relationship with her attacker:
[Lawyer Wendy] Murphy has been representing a victim who was [14] when she was raped by a 20-year-old, who was then convicted. The convicted assailant was then remanded to family court to pay child support for the baby that resulted from the rape, a court decision that Murphy is still fighting in appellate court in Massachusetts. “It's an unconscionable thing to have your own government, in the name of justice, force you into an 18-year relationship with your attacker in family court,” Murphy said of her client's experience. She also said convicted rapists should be forced to pay restitution in criminal court, not child support in family court.
A 2013 legal paper noted that “victims of sexual violence hide from their abusers, and child support orders and proceedings [frequently triggered by requests for social assistance] necessarily renew contact between rapist and victim.” The paper further explained that “a dangerous absent parent may react to the child support notification by renewed violence or by asserting rights to custody and visitation, which would seriously harm the mother and child.”
In a preface, the paper noted that conditions differ from state to state with respect to the burden of proof placed upon rape victims in cases involving child support due to various requirements with respect to social programs and assistance (known sometimes as paternity “cooperation requirements”):
All states accept official documentation, often in the form of records from birth certificates and documentation from medical professionals or law enforcement. The majority of states provide that sworn statements of third parties with knowledge of the circumstances leading to good cause may substantiate the claim. A minority of states, however, articulate polarized approaches, outlining either a more achievable “permissive” approach, or requiring more demanding “restrictive” standards. The minority permissive approach allows for both third–party statements and applicant corroboration, while the minority restrictive approach will not accept anything other than official documentation. This Note argues that states must craft evidentiary requirements that are compatible with victim behavior following sexual assault to properly protect rape victims seeking welfare benefits from the danger of continued contact with their rapist through child support enforcement. The majority and minority restrictive approaches are too limited, as they require the rape victim to have reported or disclosed her rape in order to receive benefits, despite the realities of victim behavior.
No aspect of that preface suggested that victims of rape “cannot” seek child support, only that laws in some states are structured in a manner that effectively discourage or present difficult-to-surmount barriers to such action.
The primary claim, that 31 states allow a rapist to sue a victim for custody and visitation rights, is far murkier. Unrelated actions decided upon by the Supreme Court in the mid-1990s have upheld state authority over federal authority in cases pertaining to rape.
A possible source for the “31 states” assertion appears to be a 31 August 2012 item published by The Atlantic titled “31 States Allow Rapists Custody and Visitation Rights.” That piece referenced a 2010 law journal article about what might be called a legal loophole, while observing that between 2010 and 2012, several states had amended their laws:
In a paper published in the The Georgetown Law Journal in 2010 — when the number of states without such laws [specific to rape and child custody] were even greater — [lawyer Shauna] Prewitt argued that the absence “stems from the images and other societal rhetoric that depict the prototypical raped woman as hating her unborn child and as viewing her rape pregnancy as continuing her rape trauma.” In her CNN piece, she blames it on “ignorance”: Some believe that women don't raise children conceived from rape, others can't fathom a rapist wanting parental rights.
That 2012 reporting hinted at one factor pertaining to the claim's accuracy: the passage of time. In 2016, CNN reported that additional states had implemented legislation to address circumstances where the law might not sufficiently protect a victim of rape from being forced to interact with the attacker:
Seven states don't have any laws preventing a rapist from claiming parental rights, but that's not to say that these states are oblivious to the issue. Maryland, for one, has been working for years to pass a law that would allow a rape victim to terminate her attacker's parental rights. Forty-three other states and the District of Columbia have legislation that offers at least some protection to prevent rape victims from facing their attackers over parental rights; eight of those laws were just adopted in 2016. But these legislative protections vary greatly. In 20 states and D.C., a rape conviction is required before a victim can request termination of parental rights.
CNN's coverage also alluded to another difficulty in precisely determining a rape victim's vulnerability to custody challenges, namely that a rape conviction is necessary in order for the victim to request her attacker's parental rights be severed. The piece observed that the requirement is problematic, as “the majority of sexual assaults don't even make it to prosecution,” according to Bureau of Justice statistics:
That means in nearly half the states that have legislation meant to prevent rapists from claiming parental rights, a victim is still vulnerable to having to face her attacker if there wasn't a conviction in her case — and that's if she reported it and if it was prosecuted.
The article was footnoted with a state-by-state guide to rights granted to both victims and their attackers, laws which very rarely appeared to resemble one another. For instance, the burden of proof in the state of Michigan was “clear and convincing evidence that a child was conceived through sexual assault,” but the alphabetically-adjacent state of Minnesota “[did] not currently have any legislation protecting mothers who conceived their child through rape from facing their attackers over custody and visitation rights.” Whether those laws have changed since 2016 is unclear, and the details of such laws vary to a point where comparison between them is effectively impossible.
The meme's fundamental premise (that 31 states allow a rapist to sue a victim for custody and visitation rights) is somewhat flawed in the sense that we could not find any state with a law on its books expressly permitting the perpetrator of a rape, convicted or not, to subsequently re-traumatize his victim using the court as a weapon (as opposed to states that lack laws expressly prohibiting such conduct). Determining a specific number of states in which rapists are not prevented from seeking access to the children of their victims is virtually impossible due not only to rapidly changing laws, but also to broad differences in how such a legal barriers might be enacted in any given state.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is concerned about the potential use of sarin gas in Syria, U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Friday, a day after Washington warned it was prepared to consider military action if necessary to deter chemical weapons attacks by the Syrian government.
Mattis, speaking with reporters, said the Syrian government had repeatedly used chlorine as a weapon. He stressed that the United States did not have evidence of sarin gas use.
“We are even more concerned about the possibility of sarin use, (but) I don't have the evidence,” Mattis said. “What I am saying is that other groups on the ground - NGOs, fighters on the ground - have said that sarin has been used, so we are looking for evidence.”
Mattis did not provide further details on which reports on the use of sarin he was referring to.
However, the Syrian Negotiations Commission (SNC), an opposition group, said chemical weapons had been used by the government of Bashar al-Assad in Ghouta.
Rescue workers and medical groups working in the rebel-held enclave of Eastern Ghouta, near Damascus, have accused government forces of using chlorine gas three times over the last month, including early on Thursday.
“Chemical weapons are being used in Ghouta and we have proof,” SNC spokesman Yahya al-Aridi told Reuters.
A deadly sarin attack on another rebel-held area in April 2017 prompted President Donald Trump to order a U.S. missile strike on the Shayrat airbase, from which the Syrian operation is said to have been launched.
“We are on the record and you all have seen how we reacted to that, so they would be ill-advised to go back to violating the chemical (weapons) convention,” Mattis said.
France said on Friday it was “deeply concerned” that Syria's government was flouting its pledges to stop using chemical weapons and Paris was working with its partners to shed light on recent suspected toxic gas attacks.
In 2013, Syria said it would give up all of its chemical weapons. In the past two years, a joint United Nations and Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) inquiry found the Syrian government used the nerve agent sarin and several times used chlorine as a weapon.
U.S. officials have said the Syrian government may be also developing new types of chemical weapons.
The Syrian army and government have consistently denied using chlorine or other chemical weapons during the war and has said it cooperates with international investigations.
Published:
The last batch of 108 Nigerian police officers has been withdrawn from the UN Mission in Liberia (UNMIL) after five years of service. UNMIL said the remaining 108 Nigerian FPU officers, the last UNMIL uniformed contingent remaining in Liberia, withdrew as part of the UN mission's termination.
"The Nigerian contingent has been deployed in Liberia since UNMIL was first established in 2003. Nigeria has been a main contributor of military and police to UNMIL.“The United Nations Mission in Liberia (UNMIL) has been a steadfast partner toLiberia for the last 15 years.“It has supported security and security sector reform, rule of law, efforts to disarm, human rights and sustainable peace.
"The Mission will complete its mandate on 30 March 2018. "UNMIL was established in September 2003 with 16,475 uniformed personnel to monitor a ceasefire agreement in Liberia, following the conclusion of the Second Liberian Civil War". An official farewell ceremony was held in February in honour of the last departing 689 uniformed personnel 404 military and 285 police personnel who had served with the Mission.
Nigeria's Maj.-Gen. Salihu Uba is the Force Commander and Head of UNMIL's Military component of men and women from various countries, including Nigeria,Pakistan and Ukraine. The Formed Police Unit composed of Nigerian and Chinese personnel and since 2003, 61 contingents from various countries had served in Liberia, UNMIL said.“As we are closing, the memory of those 159 persons and others in the Mission will continue to live in our minds.“We will continue to pay special tribute to them and those who contributed to peace and security in Liberia” the Major General said.
Share This
Joshua Fancher after being sworn in as an Orange City police officer on Dec. 21. Orange City Police Department via Facebook
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
Nissan in January previewed the design of its next-generation Altima mid-sizer and now we have the first spy shots of a prototype.
The car is due in showrooms in late 2018, as a 2019 model, and represents the sixth iteration of the Altima nameplate.
January's preview of the next-gen Altima came in the form of the Vmotion 2.0 concept car unveiled at the 2017 Detroit auto show.
Nissan Vmotion 2.0 concept, 2017 Detroit auto show Enlarge Photo
Numerous elements from the concept have made it onto the production model, albeit in toned-down form. Despite the heavy camouflage, the angular headlights, V-shaped grille and floating roof can all be clearly seen on the prototype.
We also have some shots of the interior which reveal a digital screen in the instrument cluster and another, larger screen at the top of the center stack. Thankfully, there are still physical knobs for important functions such as controlling the volume and temperature.
The gear selector looks similar to what we see on the current Altima, suggesting that a CVT will carry over to the next-gen model. One difference, though, should be the availability of all-wheel drive. Front-wheel drive will be standard, though.
2019 Nissan Altima spy shots - Image via S. Baldauf/SB-Medien Enlarge Photo
It's not clear what Nissan has in store for the powertrains though there's a good chance we see the current Altima's V-6 option dropped. A 4-cylinder should be standard while the more powerful option could be a turbocharged 4-cylinder or possibly even a 4-cylinder-based hybrid setup.
The next-gen Altima will also benefit from Nissan's latest electronic driver aids, grouped under the ProPilot heading. These debut on the next-gen Nissan Leaf and are able to assist drivers in acceleration, braking and steering during in a single lane on a highway, as well as in some parking situations.
Rivals for the Altima include the Chevrolet Malibu, Ford Fusion, Honda Accord, Hyundai Sonata, Kia Optima, Subaru Liberty and Toyota Camry.
GHALANAI, Feb 15 (APP): At least three Levies personnel were killed and as many injured when a suicide bomber blew himself up at the gate of Ghalanai Headquarters of Mohmand Agency on Wednesday.
A suicide bomber tried to enter the housing colony of the local
political administration. When he was signaled to stop at the gate, the terrorist blew himself up, killing three Levies personnel and injuring some others, sources in the political administration said.
The Inter Services Public Relations (ISPR) said two suicide bombers were on a motorbike one blew himself up at the gate while the other was killed by firing of security forces.
Security agencies had the intelligence about intrusion of suicide
bombers from Afghanistan inside Mohmand agency, the ISPR said.
Political administration sources added that the Levies personnel laid
their lives to save the lives of so many others present in housing colony and offices of the headquarters at the time of the attack.
The injured Levies personnel have been shifted to Lady Reading
Hospital in Peshawar.
Soon after the blast the areas was sealed and a thorough search
operation was initiated to nab perpetrators involved in this cowardice act, political administration sources said.
I'm chronicling my journey with my first Chromebook, the Asus Chromebook Flip. Join me.
In spite of my obvious allegiance to Android, the truth is that I've never owned or operated a Chromebook. Between two MacBook Pros and a Windows PC, I hardly had a reason to adopt a not-quite-a-desktop laptop. But now that Android apps are a big part of Chrome OS, I'm ready to see what that Chromebook life is like.
I bought the 12.5-inch Asus CS02CA-DHM4 Chromebook Flip, based on a suggestion from my colleague, Android Central's own Jerry Hildenbrand. I was initially planning to hop on the bandwagon and pre-order the Samsung Chromebook Pro before it was even out, but I'm grossly impatient, and thus is the story of my life.
So it's time to buck up. I'm strapping myself into my boots and plugging the power adapter into my first Chromebook. I'll be chronicling my days with the platform all this week. Tune in, ask me questions, give me advice — this is what makes technology so fun.
Setting up my first Chromebook
I have no doubts that I'll soon be met with "back in my day!" comments after writing this column. I know that, like Android, Chrome OS's nascent days ran like one long testing phase. But I also know that people love it precisely because it's a pure implementation of Google's services.
I expected that Chrome OS would be heavily centered around the Chrome Browser, but I didn't expect it to feel so familiar. And though Chrome OS employs similar interface elements from other operating systems, like using an app dock that's similar to Windows 10, it's actually the nuances of the interface, the color palette, and the font style that keep me grounded in the notion that I'm using a Google product.
Sometimes that familiar feeling isn't so welcome, however. The app launcher in Chrome OS, for instance, feels uninspired, and I'm curious why Google decided to keep it so simple as opposed to implementing a full blown application dock, akin to Windows' Start menu. That's the kind of experience I'm used to, and though it may seem antiquated, there's an element of depth that comes across in the State menu that you don't get from the Chrome OS app launcher. What's behind my Chrome OS desktop? Is there a computer system waiting to be explored and unearthed? Or is it merely one big front for the Chrome Browser?
I plan to delve further into the Chrome OS app experience later this week. I spent the last few days setting up my Chromebook, but I'm still figuring out which apps are worth downloading, and whether most of the Android apps I enjoy using on my Galaxy Tab S2 would transfer over smoothly, at least in terms of usability.
Here are a few other items of note from the first few days with my new Chromebook.
I'm incredibly pleased with the look and feel of Asus' Chromebook hardware. It's sleek, it's light, and it feels just as durable and steady as the many, many MacBooks I've owned over the years. The handy fact that I can flip over the screen and immediately launch into tablet mode is neat, too, though this is not the only tablet device you want on you if you frequently use a tablet while traveling. The Chromebook Flip is not light enough to cuddle with in bed, and will require a bit more handling than a dedicated tablet device. But the ability to have more granular control over the interface, and compatibility with Android apps, adds more worth to the Chrome OS operating system as a whole.
I'm also impressed with the Chromebook Flip's battery life. It lasted through about three nights worth of usage, from Friday afternoon to Monday morning, where it was at about 19 percent. I've been using it mostly for correspondence and research thus far, though I plan to get a little more serious with it now that we're back in the work week. Also, man, this thing charges fast.
Does anyone else feel like Chrome OS is a really fancy looking Linux distro? Quite frankly, it acts like it, too.
I'm finding that I continually default to the gestures and commands I'm so used to on Windows and macOS. I like that Chrome OS implements those longstanding ones, like copy and paste (obvi), but it took me an embarrassingly long while to figure out how to take a screenshot. And yes, that was even post Google search.
The keyboard on this thing is great and offers a softer typing experience than that of my last-gen MacBook Pro. However, there's something inherently finicky about where the CTRL button is placed. I feel unnatural holding it down to implement a command. Maybe it's because it's new and I haven't gotten into the routine of typing long narratives on it, but it's a humble reminder of how different the experience is between laptops based on the manufacturer.
Jerry sent over this helpful extension that's a text expander for Google Chrome. I'm setting it up to help me with work matters this week and it'll be especially handy when I'm writing emails.
Next up, I'll be exploring what it's like working on Chrome OS, including editing the photos that you see here on Android Central. Stay tuned.
This is a photo taken on Nov. 14, 2017 in Kiev, Ukraine of Russian opposition journalist Arkady Babchenko. A Russian journalist harshly critical of the Kremlin was shot and killed in the Ukrainian capital Tuesday, May 29, 2018 and the national police said he apparently was targeted because of his work. Vitaliy Nosach AP Photo
SANTA ANA, Calif. – Actor Harrison Ford flew over the top of a commercial airplane while landing his private aircraft after being instructed to use another location at John Wayne Airport on Monday, a source confirmed to KTLA.
The incident at the Santa Ana airport was first reported by NBC News and the source confirmed the information is accurate.
The mixup could result in the actor losing his pilot license, the news agency reported.
Air traffic controllers cleared Ford, who was piloting a single-engine Aviat Husky, to land on runway 20-L at the airport and Ford correctly read back the clearance, the source said.
Ford then landed on a taxiway that runs parallel to the runway and flew over a Boeing 737.
NBC News reported that the American Airlines plane had 110 passengers and a six-person crew. The plane was able to safely take off to Dallas shortly after the incident, according to NBC News.
An air traffic control recording captured Ford asking “Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?” NBC reported, and air traffic controllers told the actor that he had landed on the taxiway.
The Federal Aviation Administration is investigating the incident. The mishap could result in anything from a simple warning to suspension of Ford's pilot license, the news agency reported.
Ford, 74, has been involved in several crashes, including one in Venice on March 2015.
He was piloting a small World War II era-plane when he crashed at a city golf course in Venice.
He underwent surgery after the incident and eventually recovered.
The actor crash-landed a helicopter in Ventura County during a lesson in 1999, NBC News reported.
One year later, Ford's six-seater Beechcraft Bonanza scraped the runway during an emergency landing at Lincoln Municipal Airport in Nebraska.
KTLA's Jennifer Thang contributed to this story.
Summer Concert Series Returns Sunday To Downtown Brighton
July 4, 2018
Despite some construction, free concerts are still taking place in downtown Brighton as part of a popular summer series.
The Brighton Kiwanis Millpond Concert Series is now in its 42nd year. The series will be taking place in a new location due to current construction of the Millpond Bandshell and Amphitheater project that includes replacing the existing pavilion with a new bandshell, stage and seating. The concerts will take place on Sundays in July and August in the parking lot of Brighton City Hall near the Imagination Station playground. Concerts start at 6:30pm and run until 9pm. All of the shows are free and open to the public. The summer line-up will kick off this Sunday with The Dale Hicks Band. A pre-show will feature Frank McCoil.
The complete summer line-up is available through the link. Facebook photo. (JM)
Ekiti State Governor, Mr Ayodele Fayose has described as absurd, claim by the Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed that looters have resorted to burying stolen funds in their backyards, deep forests and burial grounds, saying;
He fired that: “Looters in the Muhammadu Buhari's presidency, especially those being compen sated for funding the election of the president in 2015 bury their own loots in the Villa with Presidential protection, The governor asked; “Should it be wrong for other supposed looters that do not have presidential protection like the Progressives Congress (APC) looters to bury their loots in burial grounds probably for spiritual protection?”
In a statement issued on Monday by his Special Assistant on Public Communications and New Media, Lere Olayinka, the governor said: “Nigerians can no longer be fooled with stage-managed loots recoveries, with no traceable owners (looters), especially when the loots are traceable to close associates of the president and his cabinet members.
He said; “Obviously, this so-called anti-corruption war has become a laughing stock with stray N49m found in Kaduna Airport, N448 million discovered in a shop at Victoria Island, Lagos and N13 billion found in Ikoyi, Lagos neither having owners nor the identities of owners of the properties where the money was found known.” Governor Fayose maintained that:
“It is either the money belongs to members of Buhari's government or it is being planted by the government to sustain its fake anti-corruption fight in the minds of the people.” He said; “Enough of stage-managed and fake anti-corruption war aimed solely at opposition figures, especially presidential hopefuls in the 2019 election.”
The governor noted that two different laws are operable in the country – one law for the APC and those who decamp to the party and the other for the opposition, especially those perceived as having presidential ambition. “The narrative they push daily is that only those in their government are saint while other Nigerians, including those in the National Assembly, Judiciary, opposition politicians and the civil servants are rogues while only Buhari's appointees are saints.
“To worsen matters, the cluelessness of the APC government in the last two years has plunged the country into debt without anything to show. “The cabals in the Presidency are also taking advantage of the President's state of health, which is as a result of his age to oppress Nigerians.
“Nigerians must therefore keep their eyes on the ball and not be carried away by the orchestrated distractions aimed at preventing them from seeing how the APC led government has failed woefully.” He called on the international community to hold Nigeria accountable on the recovered N13 billion cash found in that Ikoyi, Lagos apartment saying; “this must not be swept under the carpet.”
The Sarasota County Sheriff's Office used a helicopter late Thursday, April 19, 2018, to guide deputies in the capture of a Laurel man, 55, who fled from deputies because he thought he was wanted on a warrant, police said. He tried to hide in a boat.
Allama Iqbal Open University (AIOU) will start ‘books-mailing process' of its postgraduate programs by June 10. Students who registered themselves in any postgraduate program will receive their books and allied materials by the end of next month.
Mailing of Matriculation to BA level programs is in progress and it will be completed till the 2nd week of June. Text-books and study materials have been sent so far to eighty thousand students enrolled in Matric, One lac and ten thousand in FA and one lac students enrolled in BA programs.—INP
Related
In what could be described an important initiative in the education sector, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa government has notified district scrutiny committees to regulate private schools in the province. According to law passed by the KP government, these committees would have the authority to enter and inspect any school.
Indeed the establishment of these committees will go a long way in improving the standard of education in the private schools that over the years have opened in each nook and corner of not only Khyber Pakhtunkhwa but other provinces as well. Therefore it had become all the more imperative to keep a check on their curricula and standard of education. Private schools may oppose the KP government's initiative but we expect it will go ahead with its plan despite opposition by violators of the law and those operating without registration will face the music. While we expect that other provinces will also come up with a mechanism to monitor the private schools, it is also time that steps are also taken for keeping a check on the fee regimes of private schools as in the past they have been enhancing the fee structure without any set criterion which the parents very rightly termed as tantamount to robbing them. Indeed the fee structure should commensurate with the quality of education and services being offered by them. In the federal capital, under the administrative control of ministry of education, a regulatory authority was set up in 2006 for registration and regulation of private educational institutions up to HSSC level. There is need to fully empower the regulatory authority so that no chain of private schools could enhance the fee without its approval. This will really help keep the fees within reasonable limits and save the parents from further exploitation. Lastly, the federal and provincial governments must continue their efforts to improve the standard of education in public sector schools so that children of poor families also have equal opportunities to excel in life and better compete with the students of private institutions.
Related
The last day to register to vote or file a change of address for the upcoming city elections is Tuesday, Oct. 10. Early voting for city elections in Claxton and Hagan opens Monday, Oct. 16, at the respective city halls during regular business hours.
Polls on Election Day, November 7, will open from 7 a.m. – 7 p.m. Claxton voters will cast ballots at the Veterans Community Center on Election Day. Hagan votes will be cast at Hagan City Hall.
Comments
comments
Football Soccer - Premier League - Newcastle United vs Tottenham Hotspur - Newcastle, Britain - August 13, 2017 Tottenham's Dele Alli shakes hands with Newcastle United's Rob Elliot at the end of the match.
NEWCASTLE UNITED 0 TOTTENHAM HOTSPUR 2
Aug 13 (Reuters) - Tottenham Hotspur got their Premier League campaign on track with a clinical 2-0 win at 10-man Newcastle United on Sunday after Dele Alli scored one goal and helped create the other at St James's Park.
Having eased back into the top flight from the second-tier Championship, Newcastle held their own against last season's Premier League runners-up in the opening half but succumbed after Jonjo Shelvey was sent off in the 48th minute.
Shelvey got his marching orders for stomping on Alli and Spurs duly took advantage as the England midfielder, who pulled all the strings for the visitors, broke the deadlock on the hour when he steered in an inch-perfect cross by Christian Eriksen.
Alli, who helped Eriksen set up the other for Davies in the 70th minute, made light of Shelvey's petulant reaction.
"I'm sure he'll be disappointed," Alli told Sky Sports.
"It was important we stayed professional. I don't want to talk about it too much. I've been pulled up for my temper before but today we had to keep our cool. There was no need to react."
Newcastle, whose fans incessantly booed their former midfielder Moussa Sissoko now playing for Spurs, missed their best chance straight after Shelvey's dismissal as keeper Hugo Lloris denied Dwight Gayle with a fine save.
Harry Kane, last season's top scorer in the Premier League with 29 goals, missed a sitter at the other end before Alli slid in at the far post and beat Robert Elliot with a fine finish.
The influential Eriksen and livewire Alli carved open Newcastle's defence with a lightning move 10 minutes later, presenting Davies with a simple finish from seven metres.
Kane should have added the third in stoppage time as Spurs charged forward but hit the post with only Elliot to beat.
Newcastle winger Christian Atsu said the temperamental Shelvey had apologised to his teammates after the game.
"That's football," the Ghanaian said.
"He'll learn from his mistakes. He's upset with himself and thinks he let the team down. He apologised to everyone and we believe he will come back stronger."
Encinitas lifeguards could soon be spotted biking on the beach instead of using their trucks for routine trips, in an effort to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from city-owned vehicles.
On March 14, the City Council unanimously agreed to accept a donation of two beach cruiser-style bikes from the Electra Bike Co. Valued at $1,840, these non-electric bikes will be fitted with special racks and other equipment and will be exclusively used by the city's marine safety division.
"These would be for non-emergency use — to transport guards to remote towers and to provide medical resupply also to the remote towers," Crystal Nejara, the city's Climate Action Plan program administrator, told the council. "And, this would actually alleviate some of the vehicle use and reduce emissions ... because we would be reducing the vehicle miles traveled on the beach."
Mayor Catherine Blakespear said the lifeguards' bike use could have other benefits beyond environmental ones.
"I really like the idea of us having lifeguards on bikes because I think ... (people on the beach) don't really like to have vehicles driving around next to them or going by," she said. "You're just so much more friendly when you're on a bike and you can say, 'Hello,' and it's easy to stop."
If the lifeguards later decide they want more bikes, she'd support that, she added.
Councilman Mark Muir, a retired city fire chief, said he wanted to make certain that the new bikes wouldn't be used for emergency calls.
Encinitas Lifeguard Capt. Larry Giles told him that the lifeguards wouldn't jump on the bikes to respond to an emergency call, "but if they're biking on the beach and somebody needs help, they're going to stop and deal with it."
Accepting the bike donation was part of a host of actions the council took March 14 to cut the city's carbon emissions and thus help ease global climate concerns. Other actions included:
Agreeing to enter into an agreement with Del Mar, Solana Beach, Carlsbad, Oceanside, Camp Pendleton and the North County Transit District to create a regional bike share program. The one-year pilot project would allow residents and tourists to rent bikes for short trips and thus avoid using their cars.Authorizing the city manager to put together a licensing agreement with San Diego Gas & Electric for 10 electric vehicles charging stations at the city's Public Works Yard.Upgrading three electric vehicles charging stations in the City Hall parking lot.Buying electric or low-emission vehicles to replace city fleet vehicles that are scheduled for retirement this year.The city's fleet currently includes 11 hybrid vehicles, one plug-in hybrid vehicle and one all-electric vehicle, a city staff report notes. A Climate Action Plan, which the City Council approved in January, calls for Encinitas to convert all its gasoline-fueled cars and light-duty trucks to zero-emission vehicles by 2030.
The city currently has 33 heavy- and medium-duty diesel vehicles and 56 light-duty vehicles in its municipal fleet, a city staff report notes. Plans call for the city's heavy-duty diesel vehicles to switch to renewable diesel fuel.
Finding a supplier for the renewable fuel should be relatively easy as Carlsbad already gets it delivered for its city vehicles, Nejara told the council.
Henry is a reporter for the San Diego Union-Tribune
For “This Is Us” star Mandy Moore, beauty and wardrobe are vital tools in portraying Rebecca Pearson from her mid-20s to her 60s. “This is a character who has suffered tremendous loss, had children, remarried, and I think she wears it all on her face and how she chooses to face the world,” Moore says. The Golden Globe-nominated actress and singer loves switching up her look on the red carpet as well.
2016
The marigold color sold Moore on wearing this Prabal Gurung dress to the Emmys — her “first awards show in a long time.” “I loved the breezy, floaty aspect, especially considering it was an unbelievably hot day,” she says. Finishing with a '70s Parisian beauty look, Moore rejoined the awards circuit feeling like “a gussied-up version” of herself. Days later, “This Is Us” premiered. “We didn't know much about [Rebecca] in the pilot, but I was drawn to this woman deeply in love with her husband, devoted to being the best mother she could be, and whatever happened from there, I was more than game for.”
2017
“‘This Is Us' and I were both nominated, so it felt like a seize-the-moment-type fashion opportunity,” says Moore of these Golden Globes. Her navy Naeem Khan dress was the first option she tried. “The flowy layers of chiffon and cape trailing behind made me feel [like] some sort of chic superhero. The deep V was new for me, too, and I just felt empowered and womanly.” That the freshman show landed nods was mind-boggling to Moore, who considers it cathartic — both an escape from life and an opportunity to “feel it all” via the characters.
Related Stars Talk Time's Up, #WhyWeWearBlack at Golden Globes Emmys: Strong Crowd of New Contenders Shakes Up the Lead Actor Races
Come Emmy time, when the NBC newcomer contended for best drama series, Moore could tell from a photo that this Carolina Herrera dress was “the one.” “Originally we were thinking of asking them to make it in another color, but once we tried on the sample, it was undeniable,” says Moore, who loved the dramatic black and white layers of tulle. She added Jennifer Meyer jewelry, a swept-up hairstyle and pink lips to complete the early fall look. “It was a whole lot of dress, but very much felt like the quintessential ‘princess' moment,” she says.
2018
Since wearing black in solidarity with “our sisters and the Time's Up movement” was a key component to the Golden Globes, Moore knew she wanted to “find a way to make it pop.” With help from Moore's stylist, Erica Cloud, designer Rosie Assoulin created a custom gown, which didn't fall right. “[So] on the day, we went with the original, all-black version that was never shown on the runway,” she says. “The sample fit like a glove, no alteration required, and it was just instantly textured and gorgeous and comfortable — not to mention striking with the crisp red belt.”
Welcome back to Tune In: our weekly newsletter — the first of 2017! — offering a guide to the best of the week's TV.
Each week, Variety's TV team combs through the week's TV schedule, selecting our picks of what to watch and when/how to watch it. The new year kicks off with a new “Celebrity Apprentice,” a new “Bachelor,” a revamped “One Day at a Time,” and much more.
“The New Celebrity Apprentice,” NBC, Monday, 8 p.m.
Donald Trump, who? The eighth season of the “Celebrity Apprentice” — now aptly dubbed “The New Celebrity Apprentice” — will be hosted by Arnold Schwarzenegger, who steps in for the president-elect (who will keep an executive producer credit on the reality series). We'll be tuning in to see how the Terminator does in the boardroom, which will be filled with contestants such as Boy George, Snooki, and “Real Housewives” star Kyle Richards.
“The Bachelor,” ABC, Monday, 8 p.m.
Fourth time's the charm?! Fan-favorite (or, is he?) Nick Viall takes on the role of leading man in Season 21 of the long-running dating show. Viall is known to Bachelor Nation from seasons past — he first appeared on Andi Dorfman's season of “The Bachelorette” in 2014 when he was the runner-up; then, he made a surprise return on Kaitlyn Bristowe's “Bachelorette” season in 2015 when he became runner-up once again; and then, he was a contestant on Season 3 of summer spinoff “Bachelor in Paradise.” Click here to see who's competing for Viall's heart, and click here to set up your fantasy league team. (Yes, really.)
“Nashville,” CMT, Thursday, 9 p.m.
It's not over yet, #Nashies! After being canceled at ABC, the Connie Britton and Hayden Panettiere-starrer was picked up at CMT for its fifth season. Though the country music show is moving to a new network with new showrunners, Season 5 will look very familiar to fans, with returning cast members including Charles Esten, Sam Palladio, Jonathan Jackson, Clare Bowen, Lennon Stella, Maisy Stella, Chris Carmack, Panettiere, and Britton — well, at least for a good chunk of episodes. (Numerous reports have surfaced that Britton will not appear in the entire season, but the network won't comment.)
“One Day at a Time,” Netflix, Friday (CRITICS PICK)
A new Netflix comedy that reboots and refreshes Norman Lear's 1975 sitcom of the same name is an object lesson in how to use the multi-camera format to advantage. The new show, which updates the original's single-mom plotline to follow a Cuban-American family in Los Angeles, is fresh, funny, and smart. Justina Machado plays lead Penelope Alvarez, a recently separated mother of two who juggles raising two adolescents, avoiding her mother's well-meaning scoldings, and making a living as an assistant at a doctor's office. Oh yeah: She's also a veteran, having served in the army in Afghanistan. Moreno, as larger-than-life matriarch Lydia, is an obvious draw, but Machado holds the show together with a natural ebullience tinged with just a bit of desperation. And with various moods, levels of seriousness, and mutual good humor, the Alvarez family fights — constantly. “One Day at a Time” is what would happen if NBC's “The Carmichael Show” and “Cristela” were mashed together; a talky, female-centric sitcom about a Latin-American family that loves each other very much and disagrees on a lot, but finds a way back to each other each time. It's also a show that just would not work in any other format; its concern is with the mechanics of this family's mutual existence, with the slow and repetitive paces of intimacy.
“Emerald City,” NBC, Friday, 8 p.m.
NBC's long-gestating project, which is a darker take on “The Wizard of Oz,” has been buzzing since 2013 when it was first put into development — however, Variety critic Maureen Ryan says there's not much to buzz about. “Although it's gorgeous, there's too little tension and suspense driving it,” Ryan writes in her review, continuing, “The familiarity of the story and the lack of charisma displayed by core characters combine to impart the idea that there is less here than meets the eye.” Despite our critic's opinion, with comparisons to fantasy projects like “Game of Thrones” and “Lord of the Rings,” perhaps “Emerald City” is worth checking out.
Cleveland Indians starting pitcher Corey Kluber delivers in the first inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Cleveland. Tony Dejak AP Photo
PARIS (AP) — French police say an 8-year-old girl was killed and at least five people were injured when a driver slammed his car into the sidewalk cafe of a pizza restaurant in a small town east of Paris.
An official with the national gendarme service said the driver was arrested soon after the incident Monday night in the town of Sept-Sorts.
The official said it is unclear whether the act was deliberate. The official was not authorized to be publicly named according to police policy.
An Algerian man drove his car into a group of French soldiers last week, and a truck attack in the French city of Nice left 86 people dead a little more than a year ago. Several other countries have seen cars used as weapons in recent years.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Left-hander Tyler Skaggs, who leads the Los Angeles Angels in wins, ERA and strikeouts this season, was placed on the 10-day disabled list Wednesday with a right adductor strain.
The move was made retroactive to Sunday. Skaggs had been scheduled to start Thursday's game against the Seattle Mariners, but Jaime Barria (5-4, 3.40 ERA) will start in his place.
Skaggs, 26, is 6-5 with a 2.64 ERA in 16 starts this season. He has stuck out 100 batters in 92 innings pitched.
The Angels activated another member of the starting rotation Wednesday, however, as right-hander Garrett Richards was reinstated from the disabled list. He is scheduled to start Wednesday's game against the Mariners. The 30-year-old Richards, who is 4-4 with a 3.42 ERA in 14 starts, had been sidelined since the middle of last month with a left hamstring strain.
The Angels also placed outfielder Chris Young on the 10-day DL on Tuesday and optioned utilityman Kaleb Cowart to Triple-A Salt Lake. The team recalled outfielder Jabari Blash and right-hander Deck McGuire from Salt Lake in corresponding moves.
(Adds core inflation)
CAIRO, Dec 10 (Reuters) - Egypt's inflation in November fell to a 2017 low a year after the country floated its pound currency as part of a $12 billion International Monetary Fund deal to boost the economy.
Inflation has shot up since the pound's flotation last November, reaching a record high in July on the back of energy subsidy cuts, but has gradually eased since.
Annual urban consumer price inflation eased to 26 percent in November from 30.8 percent the previous month, official data showed on Sunday.
Core inflation, which strips out volatile items such as food, fell to 25.53 percent from 30.53 percent.
The central bank has raised key interest rates by 700 basis points since the pound float, but economists see it cutting them in its monetary policy meeting later this month amid a continuing easing of post-float inflationary pressure.
Egypt's finance minister said on Sunday that he expected inflation to reach 20 percent by January and 13-14 percent by August. (Reporting by Arwa Gaballa; editing by Jason Neely)
There was a time in the 1970s and early '80s when Joseph Beuys' name was on the lips of every self-respecting art lover. His liberating expansion of what art could be infuriated the conservative establishment and energized generations of fellow artists and gallery goers. Together with Andy Warhol (temperamentally Beuys' polar opposite), no one since Marcel Duchamp had so shaken up how we categorize art, and his legacy is crucial for an understanding of today's scene, from Ai Wei Wei to Marina Abramovic. Yet such are the vagaries of fame, and such the specificities of Beuys' work, that younger generations now have difficulty placing his legacy. If Andres Veiel's “Beuys” is meant to change this, the effort unfortunately fails. Messily organized and unable to convey the revolutionary importance of Beuys' vision, the documentary will have little impact and will likely be relegated to museum screenings.
In remarkably prescient ways, Beuys knew how to use his distinctive image to make inaccessible performance art seem comprehensible and practically friendly (Abramovic should take lessons on that score). With his deeply sunken eyes and semi-skeletal face, likely the result of malnutrition during the War, he bore a passing resemblance to Max Schreck, yet the trademark hat, dowdy vest and, most of all, broad, ready smile belied his potentially forbidding aspect. Beuys embodied Picasso's statement that art is “an offensive and defensive weapon against the enemy,” with the enemy being the establishment in all its forms, especially those who use capitalism to numb democracy.
Veiel (“Black Box BRD”) attempts to wrestle with a very broad overview of Beuys' character and methodology in the opening section, mentioning a few of his most iconic works, including “7,000 Oaks” and his felt-shrouded piano installation. From there, he jumps back for a cursory mention of the artist's early life in Cleves, followed by a longer discussion of a 1944 plane crash when he was a Luftwaffe rear-gunner. Beuys famously used this trauma as a sort of origin myth, claiming he was wrapped in animal fat to keep warm before hospitalization; Veiel makes no attempt to counter the fat story, which has largely been debunked, although Beuys frequently used it to explain why he used animal fat in some of his installations (his father's margarine factory surely is a clue).
Nothing in the documentary is contextualized: A montage of the artist's early graphic work is presented without any discussion, which means there's no sense of his development nor of the ways he used various media. Curiously, it then jumps to 1965 and his groundbreaking installation “How to Explain Pictures to a Dead Hare” (reimagined by Abramovic in 2005).
From there, Veiel moves through other works, stopping a while to look at the installation that earned him fame in New York, “I Like America and America Likes Me.” Beuys' rocky relationship with the Düsseldorf Art Academy is referenced, and there's much footage of him being questioned on stage about “what is art?” Characteristically, his answers were always generous and full of humor, but that didn't endear him to those who continued to scratch their heads at his insistence on the term's limitless nature.
In the press notes, Veiel says he filmed about 20 interviews and originally cut the film in an entirely different way; now there are only five talking heads (Beuys' wife and two sons are thanked in the credits but do not appear apart from photographs). The re-editing decision could be the problem, as it feels the director and his team simply don't know how to organize such a vast amount of material.
Frustratingly, there's no historical context. Beuys' heyday came during a period of volatile political-artistic ferment, from the Red Brigade to Fassbinder's feverish output, and to ignore this seems downright perverse considering the political nature of the artist's work. Beuys expert Caroline Tisdall boldly calls “7,000 Oaks” one of the most important art projects of the 20th century, but such an extraordinary statement cries out for further discussion, which is delivered.
About the only visible structure in the documentary is the clever use of contact sheets, which allows Veiel to zero in on a particular photo or group of photos and then enter that moment. One wise decision made was to only show Beuys' installations in footage from the time, rather than as they appear now in museums. Seeing them as they were created, or with the artist in the room, makes them come alive, whereas their importance pales in the sanitary confines of a gallery space. Beuys' vision was dynamic and challenging; he still needs a documentary to capture not just the man, but his impact.
Sacred Heart Youth U13s Saints proved too strong for Leighton Town Youth U13s in their Chiltern Youth League U13 Division Two clashes last Sunday.
James Denniss, Tyler Downey, Rocco Goss, George Kerr and Mason James were all on target, with Charlie Brackenridge and Archie Hudson named joint MOM.
In U16 Division One, Barton Rovers Youth went down 3-1 to Ampthill Town Casuals, Tierlen Wilson the scorer.
>> To have your youth football report printed in the paper, just email luton.sport@bedsnews.com by Tuesday morning.
"Scheer knows well enough: if you start to become the architect of rift creation in the Conservative party, you may as well kiss any hopes of winning an election away," said Powers, adding there's "tension, absolutely."
"Yes, [Bernier] can perhaps be a source of irritation to some of his peers, but equally he does represent views that many conservatives have."
And with the 2019 election looming large, Scheer — a Saskatchewan MP who's still busy introducing himself to Canadians — can't afford to lose Bernier, a gregarious veteran who was edged out of the Conservative leadership last year by the narrowest of margins, and who represents a part of the country where the Tories are keen to hold on to support.
Kicking Bernier out of caucus would have meant "huge brand damage" for the party at the worst possible time, said Powers — a challenge similar to that faced by his predecessor, former prime minister Stephen Harper.
Harper, famous for his rigid caucus discipline, found a way to keep Bernier in the fold. Scheer — often described by political rivals as "Stephen Harper with a smile" — is trying to do the same.
The MP who wanted Bernier's ouster expressed confidence they would have had a "fair amount of support," given the number of caucus members who felt deliberately misled.
"There was a fair amount of people that felt that Max had crossed the line."
One Conservative MP accused Bernier of being "incredibly disloyal," said he has "destroyed all of his credibility" and in fact told Scheer he would have booted him from caucus a long time ago. Another said caucus felt Bernier had broken his pledge to the group.
Brock Harrison, Scheer's director of communications, said the leader's office would not comment on internal caucus matters or any private conversations that may have taken place.
"Mr. Bernier continues to be an important member of our national caucus and his perspectives and his expertise are valued," Harrison said.
Many of Bernier's supporters are convinced Scheer removed Bernier from his shadow cabinet as way of smoothing things over with dairy farmers, but Conservative sources insist it's because Bernier broke his promise.
Scheer has largely recovered from any political damage he may have incurred for removing Bernier from his critic's role, said Powers, who acknowledged that the Quebec MP and outspoken libertarian does indeed "march to the beat of his own drum."
"He's the yin to Scheer's yang," he said — "particularly when it comes to supply management."
By Janice Dickson, The Canadian Press
In the annals of both-sides-isms, this is a doozy: Washington Post reporter Ed O'Keefe reports from nearby a Republican fainting couch on the threat that Democrats—let us pause to brace ourselves against the alarming charge—may go against traditional happy puppy comity when it comes to some of Donald Trump's (cough) more unusual presidential nominees.
Democratic senators plan to aggressively target eight of Donald Trump's Cabinet nominees in the coming weeks and are pushing to stretch their confirmation votes into March — an unprecedented break with Senate tradition.
I know that this is bringing up things from the before-times of, say, five minutes ago, but for the span of nearly one full year the Republican Senate refused to allow a sitting president to nominate any nominee, period, to the Supreme Court of the United States.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - The Reserve Bank of India said on Friday it accepted all 59 bids for 246.35 billion rupees ($3.85 billion) at its one-day reverse repo auction on Thursday, through which it absorbs liquidity from the banking system. REPO DATE BIDS BIDS FIXED RECEIVED ACCEPTED RATE No. AMT (bln No. AMT (bln (%) rupees) rupees) 01/02 5 25.10 5 25.10 6.00 31/01 5 26.60 5 26.60 6.00 30/01 6 26 6 26 6.00 29/01 5 26.20 5 26.20 6.00 25/01 7 29.20 7 29.20 6.00 24/01 7 28.17 7 28.17 6.00 23/01 17 135.72 17 135.72 6.00 22/01 24 117.22 24 117.22 6.00 20/01 16 141.63 16 141.63 6.00 19/01 10 28.05 10 28.05 6.00 18/01 5 25.30 5 25.30 6.00 17/01 6 29.80 6 29.80 6.00 16/01 6 37.55 6 37.55 6.00 15/01 10 84.70 10 84.70 6.00 12/01 5 32.55 5 32.55 6.00 11/01 5 32.55 5 32.55 6.00 10/01 5 32.55 5 32.55 6.00 09/01 5 26.05 5 26.05 6.00 08/01 5 28.50 5 28.50 6.00 06/01 17 68.99 17 68.99 6.00 05/01 8 33.20 8 33.20 6.00 04/01 5 31.95 5 31.95 6.00 03/01 6 33.15 6 33.15 6.00 02/01 6 34.90 6 34.90 6.00 01/01 6 34.90 6 34.90 6.00 30/12 6 33.50 6 32.99 6.00 29/12 16 78.55 16 78.55 6.00 28/12 23 182.29 23 182.29 6.00 27/12 41 254.80 41 254.80 6.00 26/12 18 107.75 18 107.75 6.00 22/12 30 185.45 30 185.45 6.00 21/12 6 40.10 6 40.10 6.00 20/12 17 101.75 17 101.75 6.00 19/12 43 248.94 43 248.94 6.00 18/12 42 240.22 42 240.22 6.00 16/12 14 117.07 14 117.07 6.00 15/12 43 167.89 43 167.89 6.00 14/12 5 30.20 5 30.20 6.00 13/12 6 31.15 6 31.15 6.00 12/12 7 36.15 7 36.15 6.00 11/12 13 74.30 13 74.30 6.00 08/12 24 126.67 24 126.67 6.00 07/12 5 27.95 5 27.95 6.00 06/12 5 29.70 5 29.70 6.00 05/12 5 29.20 5 29.20 6.00 04/12 6 30.21 6 30.21 6.00 02/12 0 0 0 0 6.00 REVERSE REPO DATE BIDS BIDS FIXED RECEIVED ACCEPTED RATE NO AMT (bln NO AMT (bln (%) rupees) rupees) 01/02 59 246.35 59 246.35 5.75 31/01 52 481.87 52 481.87 5.75 30/01 50 257.83 50 257.83 5.75 29/01 47 148.85 47 148.85 5.75 25/01 42 157.76 42 157.76 5.75 24/01 39 120.15 39 120.15 5.75 23/01 36 86.27 36 86.27 5.75 22/01 38 69.07 38 69.07 5.75 20/01 18 27.40 18 27.40 5.75 19/01 70 289.73 70 289.73 5.75 18/01 42 179.31 42 179.31 5.75 17/01 52 290.80 52 290.80 5.75 16/01 35 83.62 35 83.62 5.75 15/01 30 45.28 30 45.28 5.75 12/01 43 68.94 43 68.94 5.75 11/01 33 66.24 33 66.24 5.75 10/01 34 73.28 34 73.28 5.75 09/01 40 134.63 40 134.63 5.75 08/01 40 86.62 40 86.62 5.75 06/01 14 16.12 14 16.12 5.75 05/01 80 472.73 80 472.73 5.75 04/01 63 493.65 63 493.65 5.75 03/01 73 366.79 73 366.79 5.75 02/01 81 412.15 81 412.15 5.75 01/01 55 292.62 55 292.62 5.75 30/12 56 511.24 56 511.24 5.75 29/12 46 440.07 46 440.07 5.75 28/12 58 330.35 58 330.35 5.75 27/12 41 81.45 41 81.45 5.75 26/12 35 97.81 35 97.81 5.75 22/12 76 402.85 76 402.85 5.75 21/12 45 81.16 45 81.16 5.75 20/12 37 82.92 37 82.92 5.75 19/12 37 138.56 37 138.56 5.75 18/12 32 39.19 32 39.19 5.75 16/12 17 37.40 17 37.40 5.75 15/12 20 41.23 20 41.23 5.75 14/12 45 136.87 45 136.87 5.75 13/12 55 190.75 55 190.75 5.75 12/12 40 205.06 40 205.06 5.75 11/12 37 89.48 37 89.48 5.75 08/12 64 182.76 64 182.76 5.75 07/12 64 290.19 64 290.19 5.75 06/12 59 227.08 59 227.08 5.75 05/12 47 133.18 47 133.18 5.75 04/12 58 401.59 58 401.59 5.75 02/12 52 247.29 52 247.29 5.75 01/12 23 117.99 23 117.99 5.75 Source text - bit.ly/2E57xd8 ($1 = 63.9700 Indian rupees) (Bengaluru newsroom)
By Phillip Jackson
Founder and Chairman, Board of Directors
The Black Star Project
If Howard Shultz wasn't the founder of Starbucks, he would have been one of the boycott protesters with us. He said he was “embarrassed” and “ashamed” by the arrest of two Black men in a Starbucks Store in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania who were taken away by police and subsequently held for nine hours in a Philadelphia jail for the crime of sitting in a Starbucks store and not ordering coffee.
Starbucks is widely known as a good operator and an overall good guy in American business circles with its clean stores, open meeting spaces, free Wi-Fi; strong community relations, and its great business model consisting of good jobs with fair benefits.
But the Starbucks decision to fix this public relations problem with “diversity training” is not the Howard Schultz or even the Starbucks way. Rather than work with the Black community towards a solution to this potentially international issue, Starbucks turned to themselves and created a program for diversity training that includes closing their stores for one day and hiring the highest-priced diversity trainers money can buy.
The Black community wanted to know, “How will we, the Black community–aggrieved by this incident and aggrieved every day–how will we be better because of your “diversity training”? The only answer Starbucks could give was, after the training “You will be better because we will be better.” Sorry! Not good enough!
Numerous studies by Harvard University, MIT, Tel Aviv University and others show that diversity training doesn't work and can produce the opposite of intended outcomes. These studies conclude that decades of cultural, racial and environmental bias and prejudice cannot be eradicated with one or 50 or 100 “diversity trainings.” In fact, such “trainings” can cause those hard-wired feelings to become more deeply entrenched thus resulting in the opposite of the sought-after effect.
The Chicago Boycott – Case Study
In Chicago, The Black Star Project organized a 12-store boycott of Starbucks. During the boycott, no anger was displayed. No one was arrested. No windows were broken. No stores were firebombed. Instead, there was plenty of dialogue. Dialogue is the Starbucks way. There were reports of Starbucks' employees offering the boycotters free coffee and standing with the protesters. Protesters held doors open for elderly customers who did not honor the boycott. One protester even offered to buy a Starbucks coffee for the sick father of a man who expressed guilt about violating the boycott, but explained that his dad could only drink one kind of coffee—only available at Starbucks. It seemed as though boycotters and boycottees had reached a human accord — The Starbucks Way.
The Chicago boycott organizers are now planning community forums at more than 300 Black-owned or managed coffee houses, as well as at faith-based and community-based organizations across the U.S., especially near the 12 Starbucks stores previously boycotted. These community forums will serve as “Black Economic Empowerment Forums”, where attendees will develop plans to improve the economic vitality of their communities.
We wanted Starbucks to be part of this initiative. So far, they have said no. Starbucks is really one of the “good guys” in corporate America but working with the community will only make them better. It's important to understand that even with over 9,000 stores throughout America, Starbucks shops are really only guests in these communities.
Meet Howard Schultz, Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors
Howard Schultz, Founder and Executive Chairman of the Starbucks Board of Directors does understand Starbucks culture and he understands America. He knows that the Starbucks success is tied to communities' success. He is unafraid to try new ideas even though those ideas might fail. However, this seems not to be the Starbucks way today. In 2015, Starbucks tried to convene a ‘Race Together” dialogue through its stores. America was not ready then. In 2018, America is coming apart racially, socially and religiously. America is now ready for Howard Schultz' ideas. But this effort cannot be owned by Starbucks alone. Other corporations, government agencies at all levels, foundations, faith-based and civic organizations along with social institutions and others must partner with Starbucks to make America and the world better.
Mr. Schultz' leadership style has been described as transformational. He does not think like a businessperson. He thinks like a person wanting to make the world a better place. But even he, super-rich, powerful, and well-intentioned, needs the help of the world to achieve this transformational vision and reality. Starbucks, well established in business history, now has a chance to establish itself in human history.
In the words of Mr. Schultz: “…if we think about the country today — and I'm not talking about politics — I think the country needs to become more compassionate, more empathic. And we can't speak about the promise of America and the American Dream and leave millions of people behind. And it's my view that — leave Washington aside and all the politics aside — businesses and business leaders need to do a lot more for the people we employ, the communities we serve, and we can make a significant difference.”
So where does Starbucks go from here?
Schultz says that he knows the Starbucks chain “won't bridge the racial divide on its own” and that a coffee company “can only do so much.” However, he hopes to keep pushing forward and pursue initiatives that matter to him with the “same vigor he pursues corporate profits.”
The Montgomery Bus Boycott that changed America forever lasted 381 days. The Starbucks Boycott is only 33 days old. Only 348 days to go.
A couple of Iowans, including a child, were injured in separate hunting accidents Sunday.
Both victims have non-life-threatening injuries, according to the Iowa Department of Natural Resources. An 11-year-old boy was shot in the hip by his 13-year-old brother as the two were hunting with their grandfather in Johnson County. It happened when a doe ran between the boys.
In southwest Iowa's Taylor County, the DNR reports a 28-year-old Justin Scroggie of New Market was shot in the forearm by 42-year-old Brooks Lambert of Clarinda, who mistook Scroggie for a deer as the two were searching for an injured deer in some dense vegetation.
SPRINGFIELD -- A West Springfield construction company has begun a $1 million renovation project at Stearns Square and Duryea Way that includes a refurbished historic fountain and improved pedestrian ways.
JL Construction Corp. was awarded the project after submitting the low bid of $1,068,000 in February, said Peter Garvey, the city's director of capital asset construction. JL Construction was the low bidder of nine bids submitted.
Prior bids submitted in November were deemed too expensive, triggering the city to rebid the project and delay the work, Garvey said.
Work began last week and is expected to be completed by Nov. 1, Garvey said. The project is city funded.
In November, the city had anticipated the project would be completed by late June, but it was delayed by rebidding, Garvey said.
The project includes restoring the fountain at Stearns Square, new and widened sidewalks, retained trees and new landscaping and enhancements for pedestrians and outdoor dining, according to city officials.
Mayor Domenic J. Sarno has praised the project and said restoration of Duryea Way will provide a strong pedestrian gateway between Union Station, the Silverbrick Apartments, Stearns Square and the downtown dining and innovation district.
Sarno has said the Stearns Square and Duryea Way project will play a key role in the "renaissance of our downtown."
Stearns Square is bordered by Worthington and Bridge streets on the north and south, and by two short one-way streets on the east and west.
The plans for the two short streets remains under review, Garvey said. The city is conferring with MassDevelopment, an agency that purchased and is redeveloping the former Skyplex building that overlooks Stearns Square, to determine final plans for the two connecting streets, he said.
Organisers of the Peterhead Relay for Life are inviting survivors and teams to sign up for the popular annual fundraising event.
This year's Relay for Life will be held on July 1 and 2 at Lord Catto Park in Peterhead.
The relay event celebrates cancer survivors.
Courageous survivors open the relay by leading the first lap, and then they are treated to a lovely reception tea afterwards.
They are welcome to take someone with them who has supported them on their journey.
In the evening, a Candle of Hope ceremony is held to celebrate the lives of those battling with cancer, those who have survived, and remember the loved ones that we have lost in the fight against it.
A spokesperson for the Peterhead Relay team said: “We are extremely grateful to these inspirational survivors for their participation in our event, as they highlight the success of what we are fighting for.
“If you have been inspired to take part in the Relay for Life Peterhead 2017 as a survivor, then we can't wait to have you on board!”
Presently 20 teams have registered but organisers are hoping for more as a total of 31 took part last year.
The next team meeting of Peterhead Relay for Life will be held on Thursday, February 23 at 7.30pm at the Buchanhaven Hearts Social Club, Peterhead.
To register or find out more contact Lorraine Coleman by emaling locoleman1962@gmail.com, phone 07928 342619, visit cruk.org/relay or see the Peterhead Relay Facebook page.
In May 2013, months after friends and family had gathered to remember Wayne Millard, his son was arrested for the murder of Tim Bosma, of Hamilton, who disappeared after leaving his house with two men who asked to test drive a truck he posted for sale online.
Soon after Dellen Millard's arrest, police reopened the case of his father's death. They still had the gun that was found beside his bed, court has heard. They tested the gun and found Dellen Millard's DNA on the handle, court documents show. Last year, a gun trafficker pleaded guilty to selling Dellen Millard the revolver.
In 2016, Dellen Millard and his friend, Mark Smich, were found guilty of first-degree murder in Bosma's death and received life sentences. The jury heard that the pair killed Bosma and burned his body in an animal incinerator.
Millard and Smich were also later convicted — and sentenced to life — in the murder of Laura Babcock, a young Toronto woman who vanished in the summer of 2012 and whose case was also reopened by police following Millard's arrest in Bosma's disappearance.
Millard's third murder trial will be in front of a judge alone. Ontario's attorney general agreed the man's notoriety would make it difficult to find fair jurors, thus granting the rare request to hold a first-degree murder trial without a jury.
Millard's defence, according to court documents, will be that his father killed himself. A portion of the trial is expected to focus on Wayne Millard's state of mind at the time of his death.
The elder Millard loved aviation and animals.
In 1982, just days after he was arrested for filming baby seals being clubbed to death, he flew a small crew back into the area to get onto the ice near the beaches of P.E.I.
Wayne Millard had the means — a plane, a helicopter and money to burn — for the venture. He and Burns, who would later become his wife, were making a film about the seal hunt with the help of Sea Shepherd Conservation Society founder Paul Watson.
"He was very incensed about the seal hunt," Watson said. "He stuck to his ground and didn't give in. He was persistent, passionate and he was dedicated."
Wayne Millard was a longtime Air Canada pilot before getting involved with Millardair. He once sued Air Canada because they suspended him for growing his hair too long, said Dennis Chadala, who wrote a book about his years with Millardair.
"Wayne was a kind man who trained me on many different kinds of planes and we had a kinship in that we were banded together in order to handle his father, Carl, who was a real tough boss," Chadala said. "But he was also a rabble-rouser."
After his father died in 2006, Wayne Millard took over Millardair, but the company wasn't doing well. He embarked on a project to transform Millardair into a maintenance, repair and overhaul operation and secured a massive hangar at the Region of Waterloo International Airport. He told others, including his cousin Roberts, that he was doing it so his son could run it one day.
Shortly after Wayne Millard was found dead, his son fired everyone at Millardair and wound the business down.
In an obituary published in the Toronto Star in 2012, Dellen Millard called his dad a generous man.
"His hope was for a time when co-operation would be the norm and competition was only friendly," he wrote. "He was patient and stubborn ... He believed animal welfare was a humanitarian effort. He was a good man in a careless world. He was my father."
Analysis Convinced that intelligent conversational assistants like Amazon Alexa, Microsoft Cortana, and Apple Siri are neither particularly intelligent nor capable of sophisticated conversation, computer boffins last year began testing a crowd-powered assistant embodied by Amazon Mechanical Turk workers.
The chatbot, a people-powered app called Chorus, proved better at conversation than software-based advisors, but hasn't managed to overcome poor human behavior.
Described in a recently published research paper, Chorus was developed by Ting-Hao (Kenneth) Huang and Jeffrey P. Bigham of Carnegie Mellon University, Walter S. Lasecki of the University of Michigan, and Amos Azaria of Ariel University.
The researchers undertook the project because chatbots are just shy of worthless, a sorry state of affairs made evident by the proliferation of labelled buttons in chatbot interfaces. It was hoped by businesses the world over that conversational software could replace face-to-face reps and people in call centers, as the machines should be far cheaper and easier to run.
The problem is simply that natural language processing in software is not very good at the moment.
"Due to the lack of fully automated methods for handling the complexity of natural language and user intent, these services are largely limited to answering a small set of common queries involving topics like weather forecasts, driving directions, finding restaurants, and similar requests," the paper explains.
Jeff Bigham, associate professor at Carnegie Mellon's Human-Computer Interaction Institute, in a phone interview with The Register, said, "Today, if you look at what's out there, like Siri, they do a pretty good job using specific speech commands. But if you want to talk about anything you want, they all fail badly."
Bigham and his colleagues devised a system that connects Google Hangouts, through a third-party framework called Hangoutsbot, with the Chorus web server, which routes queries to on-demand workers participating in Amazon Mechanical Turk.
Chorus is not the first project to incorporate a living backend, the research paper acknowledges, pointing to projects like VizWiz, which crowdsources help for the blind. Its aim is to explore the challenges of deploying a crowd-based system and to suggest future avenues of research for improving conversational software.
Real people, it turns out, are fairly adept at extemporaneous conversation, even if they're basically meat-to-metal bridges for Google Search queries in Chorus.
During the test period last year, 59 people participated in 320 conversations, which lasted more than 10 minutes and involved more than 25 messages on average. A lengthy sample exchange presented in the paper details a conversation about the number of suitcases a person can take on a plane from the US to Israel. It reads like a call center transcript.
The average cost of each HIT – Amazon Mechanical Turk terminology for a task – came to $5.05. The average cost per day was $28.90 total.
So far so good. But while people may have an edge with words, they bring with them their own set of problems.
Sponsored: The Joy and Pain of Buying IT - Have Your Say
A senate committee has approved legislation that would limit the liability for Iowa businesses accused of over-serving a customer involved in a drunk driving crash.
If the bill becomes law, a person injured in a drunk driving wreck or the relatives of someone who dies in an accident would be limited to receiving a total of $175,000 from a bar or restaurant. Senator Michael Breitbach, a Republican from Strawberry Point, says the bill's needed because Iowa bar owners are finding it harder to buy liability insurance.
“Especially in the western part of our area, in our rural areas if you don't serve food with your beverages, there's only one company that will write your coverage,” he says.
Breitbach grew up living on the floor above “The Hub” in Colesburg, his family's bar, and Breitbach says he doesn't want businesses like it to close because they can't afford the liability coverage.
“We have a lot of small towns where maybe the only business in the town is the local tavern and maybe they don't serve enough food that they don't quality for a better priced policy,” Breitbach says. “We don't want that business to do away. It might be the backbone of that town.”
Senator Nate Boulton, a Democrat from Des Moines, opposes the bill. He says the current law helps “control risk.”
“In many of these situations, the person that is in the best spot to stop an impaired driver is the one who stops that next drink from being served,” Boulton says. “…What this legislation does is it does tear down some of that responsibility.”
Under current law, a bar or restaurant can be held liable for all damages from an accident if the person was sold or served alcohol and the business did know or should have known the person was intoxicated or was becoming too drunk to drive.
SAN DIEGO (AP)  The city of San Diego has agreed to pay $15,000 to settle a lawsuit filed by a homeless man who accused police of harassment and improper arrests.
The Union-Tribune reports (http://bit.ly/2kt7FFa ) that Zack Green, who has lived on the streets in and around Pacific Beach for decades, will get $7,500 and his lawyers will collect $7,500 in legal fees and other costs. The initial complaint sought $1 million in damages.
Green accepted the settlement last month, and the agreement was approved by the judge Monday.
Green told the newspaper in September that he was wrongly and repeatedly targeted and jailed without facing criminal charges.
Advertisement
The City Attorney's Office did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the settlement.
___
Information from: The San Diego Union-Tribune, http://www.utsandiego.com
Florida State has dominated its rivalry with Miami, which dates back to 1951 -- but that wasn't always the case. (1:53)
Miami has lost seven straight to Florida State, a streak the Hurricanes want to banish to history when the rivals play again Saturday.
The way they did in 1973.
Forty-four years ago, Miami went into its game against Florida State on a seven-game losing streak, too. Those two streaks happen to be tied for the longest in series history. But back then, the game between the two schools had more regional appeal and had not quite manifested into the rivalry it is today.
The real animosity was saved for one opponent both Miami and Florida State disliked equally: Florida. Believe it or not, the focus on the losing streak was relatively nonexistent as Miami prepared for Florida State in 1973.
“I didn't know it had been that long until you told me,” former Miami receiver Steve MarcAntonio said.
Miami's losses to Florida State the last several years have been particularly difficult. Steve Mitchell-USA TODAY Sports
That is not meant to diminish how badly Miami players wanted to win. “It was a heated game for us,” MarcAntonio said.
But there were plenty of other heated games, especially that season. Miami faced a brutal schedule, opening against No. 6 Texas, then Florida State and then No. 6 Oklahoma before finishing with No. 2 Alabama, Florida and No. 5 Notre Dame.
What MarcAntonio and teammate Mike Archer remember about the Florida State game is how it came down to the wire, with Woody Thompson rushing for the game-winning touchdown in the fourth quarter to win 14-10.
The Orlando Sentinel reported it this way on Sept. 29, 1973:
Trailing 10-7 and seemingly caught in a maze of mistakes that are reminiscent of the past seven Seminole victories in succession, Miami awoke with a blazing fury, ignited by a successful fourth-and-one gamble at its own 37.
For practical purposes, that was the ball game.
“It was a typical Miami-Florida State game,” Archer said. “There was a lot of hype, but it's not like it is now. I remember there was a respect factor between Miami and Florida State that I think is still there. We always respected them and I think they respected us except for those three hours that we played and then it was all hands on deck.”
It was not until Bobby Bowden and Howard Schnellenberger arrived at their respective schools that Florida State-Miami became appointment television, growing the rivalry far beyond the results on the field. Depending on who won or lost, championships would eventually be on the line.
“In 1973, Florida State and Miami, they were just football programs,” said Archer, now an assistant with Toronto in the Canadian Football League. “They were not like they are now. I distinctly remember my last Miami-Florida State game in 1983. We had to win to go to the Orange Bowl to play for the national championship. It was a dogfight. It came down to a field goal we kicked with three seconds to go by Jeff Davis or we don't go to the OB and win the first national championship. That I think is when the two programs really started to take off.”
Miami has won five national championships while Florida State has won three, giving the Hurricanes bragging rights in that sense. But over the past seven years, Florida State has exerted itself as the most dominant team in the state, becoming a roadblock Miami must get past if the Hurricanes want to firmly make the case they are on the road "back."
The losses the past several years have been particularly difficult:
Three years ago in Miami, the Hurricanes held a late fourth-quarter lead before Dalvin Cook ran for the winning score.
Two years ago in Tallahassee, Miami had the ball with a chance for a go-ahead score late in the fourth quarter but couldn't convert.
Last year, Miami appeared on the verge of sending the game into overtime, until Demarcus Walker blocked Michael Badgley's extra point attempt to give Florida State the 20-19 win.
“That loss stuck with me every game after that and in the offseason,” Miami linebacker Shaq Quarterman said. “That was one game we had to win, and we didn't so that really stung us.”
Just like 1973, the game this year is in Tallahassee, against a Florida State team that has gotten off to a shaky start. Quarterman said the streak has been mentioned only once, and only to say it was time to end it.
“It's one of those things where what's understood doesn't have to be explained,” Quarterman said. “It doesn't matter who looks like who's having the best or worst season. This Saturday is going to be a fight no matter what. If we focus on the preparations and don't let the outside world dictate what the game is going to be, that's what we have to rely on.”
What also is understood: a loss and Miami will be left with many more questions to answer. As well as the longest losing streak in the series' 62-year history.
CLEVELAND — Indians slugger Edwin Encarnacion sustained a potentially serious right ankle injury in the first inning of Game 2 of the AL Division Series against the New York Yankees.
Encarnacion was scrambling to get back to second base when he jammed his foot into the bag and rolled his ankle Friday. He dropped to the ground in obvious pain and writhed in the infield dirt while waiting for medical personnel.
Encarnacion, who was doubled up on the play, was unable to put much weight on his leg and had to be helped off the field. He had to pause on the trip to the dugout because he was hurting so much.
The Indians said Encarnacion has a sprained ankle and is undergoing further evaluation.
Michael Brantley, who made it all the way back from a serious ankle injury to make the post-season roster, replaced Encarnacion as Cleveland's designated hitter in the second inning and struck out on three pitches to leave the bases loaded.
In his first season with Cleveland, Encarnacion hit 38 homers with 107 RBIs. Cleveland signed him to a three-year, $60 million contract in January after he spent seven-plus seasons with Toronto.
The loss of Encarnacion for any significant time would be a major blow to the defending AL champions, who are trying to get back to the World Series and end a 69-year title drought.
Cleveland led the ALDS 1-0 going into Game 2, which was tied 8-8 after 12 innings. The Indians won the opener 4-0 over the Yankees, who were held to three hits and got nothing from rookie slugger Aaron Judge.
The MVP candidate struck out four times, but manager Joe Girardi wasn't worried about the right fielder, who slumped miserably after the All-Star break before a strong finish.
"I don't really have any concerns about it because as watching him go through some of his ups and downs this year, how he's always bounced back," he said following Game 1. "So I'm not really too concerned about it."
The following are the radio dispatch logs from the Morgan City Police Department. To report unlawful or suspicious activity, call the police department at 985-380-4605.
Thursday, Oct. 5
6:12 a.m. 800 Florida Alley; Complaint.
7:05 a.m. Filmore Street and Victor II Boulevard; Assistance.
7:21 a.m. 1000 block of Belanger Street; Complaint.
7:52 a.m. U.S. 90 and La. 70; Stalled vehicle.
8:16 a.m. 3200 block of Roselawn Drive; Animal complaint.
9:10 a.m. 500 block of Orange Street; Disturbance.
11:19 a.m. 800 block of Brashear Avenue; Fire.
12:05 p.m. 900 block of Youngs Road; 911 hang up.
12:24 p.m. 300 block of Aycock Street; Complaint.
1:53 p.m. 1800 block of Maple Street; Medical.
3:25 p.m. Glenwood and Roderick streets; Disturbance.
3:27 p.m. 900 block of Marguerite Street; Complaint.
3:41 p.m. 900 block of Duke Street; Complaint.
3:57 p.m. 600 block of Bush Street; Suspicious person.
4:50 p.m. La. 70; Reckless driver.
7:39 p.m. 500 block of Fifth Street; Domestic disturbance.
8:45 p.m. 1200 block of Victor II Boulevard; Complaint.
10:31 p.m. 800 block of Brashear Avenue; Complaint.
10:38 p.m. 6400 block of La. 182 East; Complaint.
10:46 p.m. 2400 block of Hemlock Street; Assistance.
Friday, Oct. 6
3:50 a.m. 7400 block of La. 182 East; Patrol request.
4:15 a.m. 1200 block of Brashear Avenue; Alarm.
A lot of chatter has surfaced around The Bachelor 2017 “villain,” Corinne Olympios, and the antics she'll cop to in winning over Nick Viall. Warning: brief spoilers will be posted below. Stop reading if you don't want any details. Reality Steve has informed his readers that Corinne Olympios will be this season's “villain” and she lives up to it perfectly. The Bachelor 2017 will entail plenty of drama from this 24-year-old business owner from Miami, Florida, Steve claims. She's going to be the most detested woman by the other contestants and the ones fans will love to hate on. [Image by Mitch Haaseth/ABC] On Sunday, Steve teased fans about upcoming spoilers for the show in Season 21 and revealed that in the first group date, Corinne is topless for a portion of it. The photo below shows Olympios taking off her top while in a pool with Nick. If nothing made the other women view Corinne as a threat, this stunt might do it. Corinne taking her top off on the first group date of the season. (SPOILER): She got the group date rose. pic.twitter.com/NEgCapZU6S — RealitySteve (@RealitySteve) January 2, 2017 In other spoilers for The Bachelor 2017 season, Steve spilled that Corinne Olympios and Taylor Nolan will be on a 2-on-1 date with Nick Viall in New Orleans. A photo below shows Nick and Corinne kissing during the daytime portion of the date. Another image shows Corinne and Taylor sitting alone near a fire in the evening portion. Nick & Corinne on the 2-on-1 day portion in New Orleans… pic.twitter.com/4oEgO44LTJ — RealitySteve (@RealitySteve) January 2, 2017 Taylor & Corinne at the night portion of their 2-on-1 date in New Orleans pic.twitter.com/LZtGuB3hhU — RealitySteve (@RealitySteve) January 2, 2017 Spoilers for this date are elaborated upon in a separate Inquisitr article you can check out here. Corinne Olympios reveals in her ABC bio that if she could be any animal, she'd like to be a cheetah because they're “strong and fierce.” She admits that she's had so many embarrassing moments that there are too many to count. If Corinne doesn't seem like a great woman to share with a man on a date as she does a few times on The Bachelor, it's because her idea for the perfect date is “just us” having dinner at an “amazing place.” Ironically, Corinne thinks Chicago is the most romantic U.S. city — which is where Nick used to live. She likes the city because “it has a lot of fun activities you would want to share with someone special.” Corinne Olympios also works as a model. The Bachelor contestant has a profile page on Model Mayhem. Reality Steve blogged that there are a lot of “racy” photos of her on the internet if anyone wants to look her up! Just???? A photo posted by Corinne Olympios (@colympios) on Dec 22, 2016 at 2:04pm PST Corinne goes further on the show than many feels she should, but this occurs in every season of The Bachelor and Nick's is no different. The “villain” role serves up good television and plays to the more secret desires of the show's lead. Some will accuse Nick of not changing his ways by keeping Corinne around if he wants to truly find love his fourth time around in the franchise. There's going to be the same theme this season having a villain, in which the other women will caution Nick about Corinne's true intentions and how he should steer clear of her calculating ways. Adhering to tradition, Nick won't eliminate Corinne Olympios based on gossip coming from the other cast members and keep her around as long as possible and decide if she's worth keeping around when he has to narrow down his options. The Bachelor 2017 premieres on Monday, January 2 at 8 p.m., ET/PT on ABC. [Featured Image by Rick Rowell/ABC Entertainment]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
The Trump administration will delay an Obama-era rule limiting emissions of the powerful greenhouse gas methane from oil and gas operations on federal and tribal lands, it said on Thursday, a move slammed by environmentalists.
The Bureau of Land Management, an office of the Department of Interior, will officially suspend the rule on Friday to “avoid imposing likely considerable and immediate compliance costs on operators for requirements that may be rescinded or significantly revised in the near future,” it said in a document to be published on Friday.
Implementation will be delayed one year until Jan. 17, 2019.
Energy companies say the rule, finalized at the end of the Obama administration, could cost them tens of thousands of dollars per well, and some driller groups had sued the previous administration.
The implementation deadline and substance of the rule could be changed as the Trump administration is expected to announce a new draft in coming weeks in line with its policy of maximizing fossil fuel production and dismantling regulations it says prevent job growth.
The rule targets accidental leaks and intentional venting of methane from operations on public lands, where about 9 percent of the country's natural gas and 5 percent of its oil was produced last fiscal year. Some of its 2017 provisions have already been phased in but the majority has yet to go into effect.
Drillers who had sued the Obama administration over the rule welcomed the delay. “It makes no sense for companies to comply with a rule that is being significantly rewritten,” said Kathleen Sgamma, president of Western Energy Alliance, a trade association representing more than 300 companies.
The American Petroleum Institute, which has opposed the rule, this week launched a voluntary program to report emissions cuts of methane from oil and gas operations.
Environmentalists said the administration was handing management of the lands to industry. Chase Huntley, the energy and climate director at the Wilderness Society, said delaying the rule demonstrates the lengths to which President Donald Trump and Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke will “gut land, water, and climate protections to help oil and gas companies make a quick buck.”
The collapse of U.K. construction and services giant Carillion in Britain is a lesson that all levels of government in Canada should study closely.
Controversy over operations of its Canadian subsidiary, particularly highway maintenance on behalf of the Ontario Ministry of Transportation, has been obscured by soothing words from politicians. But it's increasingly clear substandard performance from the private-sector contractors and partners can no longer be ignored when Canada is about to embark on a historic infrastructure building boom.
Much of this will be predicated on public-private partnerships, often called P3 or alternate financing and procurement (AFP) plans. The newly formed Canadian Infrastructure Bank (CIB) is mandated to achieve the best balance of public (taxpayer) money and private investment in large projects that could provide Canadians with, among other things, improved mobility options, municipal facilities and health services.
Such things are necessary if Canada is to remain a modern and progressive country with an excellent quality of life for most of its peoples. It suits government because most of the eye-watering cost of building large and necessary infrastructure projects can be kept off the public books and therefore not add significantly to government debt levels. Private capital, which we are assured is plentiful, can be used instead.
The euphoria of public-private partnerships needs to be countered by understanding they can add considerably to capital and operating costs of projects. Private-sector investors demand reward for putting their money at risk and usually encounter higher financing costs than governments. So, there's no free money, only favourable optics.
The U.K. has embraced P3 and AFP projects with gusto based on the ideology of an earlier prime minister, Margaret Thatcher, and propagated by subsequent leaders believing that private sector “efficiencies” and risk tolerance can build infrastructure and provide public services at lower cost than the government. It also suits the right-wing mantra that smaller government is better.
But the U.K. has many examples, including the collapse of Carillion, where public-private partnerships have been ill-conceived, and accountability has often been over-written by ideology, cronyism, entrepreneurial opportunism and politicians' willful blindness.
A search of the British press provides a quick study of many instances where outsourcing and privatization have failed, miserably. Much touted savings and efficiencies morphed into poor contractual performance, business failure and huge bills for taxpayers who were previously assured of savings, more choice and better service.
One would hope, therefore, that P3 or AFP financing of major Canadian infrastructure projects, whether financed through CIB or awarded directly by governments will be evidence-based and performance-focused.
Ontario has had successful examples of these, including several transit projects in Toronto. But the Carillion issue proves that extreme diligence on contract terms and careful assessment of the strengths and motives of private partners are required.
From a governmental standpoint, the five-ton gorillas in Canada's infrastructure plans are politics and absence of policy. They have lethal potential and are the primary reasons we have a dysfunctional public transportation system, needed pipelines that don't get built and creaky hydro and water infrastructure. And they are likely the greatest threats to the shared success of future infrastructure investments.
Inappropriate political meddling comes in many forms — anything from a local councillor not supporting a project because it doesn't benefit their riding to pressure from special interest groups to blatant attempts at vote-buying at the party level. Look at any failed public-private partnership and political interference will be one of several possible smoking guns.
As the CIB starts looking at funding opportunities, it needs to bar political interference. Perhaps easier said than done. But projects must be merit-based for the broader community, driven by evidence and demonstrated need, and based on longer-term policy rather than the current ad-hoc approach.
They must be costed on a totally-absorbed basis with an exit path if early planning and design signify previously hidden technical and commercial impediments.
And the allocation of risk must be clear from the outset. This can only be accomplished if the private-sector partner is robust in terms of experience and financial strength.
The Carillion failure and its resultant heavy cost to British taxpayers was caused, in part, by the government awarding it contracts when it was allegedly financially unsound. It seems to be a case of willful political blindness, or perhaps that and something even more sinister.
As we continue to build our country we have the right to expect astute public investment decisions based on sound policies and evidence, not election cycles and special interests. Whether this is possible remains to be seen.
Ken Westcar is a Woodstock resident.
PanARMENIAN.Net - Armenian midfielder Henrikh Mkhitaryan who currently plays for the English club Arsenal, has donated a car to a rehabilitation center for servicemen in Yerevan.
The playmaker on Monday, March 19 visited the Yerevan State Medical University to meet with wounded and disabled servicemen, the website of the Football Federation reveals.
Accompanied by university rector Armen Muradyan, Mkhitaryan visited the center for the rehabilitation of wounded and disabled servicemen, chatted with the students and those receiving treatment.
Mkhitaryan donated the car he received after being named one of Armenia's top 10 athletes of 2017 to the center.
Mkhitaryan is Armenia's UNICEF ambassador.
Test Boost Elite lamentably, there may be no easy solution to the question of a way to advantage muscular tissues. the only approach that works is ensuring to carry out a balanced, universal training regimen that attacks the problem of how to benefit muscle groups from more than one fronts. In this article we're going to have a look at some of the most crucial things you may do to. http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
Darcus Beese, president of Island Records U.K., will replace outgoing David Massey at the helm of the label's U.S. operation, sources confirmed to Variety. The news was first reported in Hits; reps for Island and parent company Universal Music Group did not immediately reply to requests for comment.
A London native with a West Indian background, Beese has been with Island for his entire professional career, joining as an assistant in the promotion department in 1993 and gradually rising to A&R director, in 2008 co-president and president five years later. He signed and/or worked closely with a wide array of artists including Amy Winehouse, Florence & the Machine, Disclosure, Taio Cruz, Dizzee Rascal, Ben Howard, Gotye, Jessie J and others. He also oversaw the U.K. success of Drake, The Weeknd, Nicki Minaj and the continued success of U2 — all of whom are signed to the label in the U.K.
He is also an OBE (Officer of the Order of the British Empire), a distinction he received in 2014.
Speaking to Music Week in 2016 about the label's diverse roster, Beese said, “It's hard to imagine two artists as different as PJ Harvey and Ariana Grande [who is on Island in the U.K.] I always said that Island is a broad church. Whether it's American repertoire or domestic, you've got to be in the game. Polly [Harvey] signed to Island when I started, we were a month apart and our birthdays are a month apart as well. To be here, putting out her latest record and it's getting to No.1 was a feat for Island Records. As a label, you do have to reflect the majority of what's going on in the marketplace.
“You cut me and I bleed Island,” he added. “I wouldn't work anywhere else.”
The British Pound Sterling steadied on Monday, December 11, after posting its biggest daily drop in more than a month on Friday as investors cautiously added some long bets in a week when Britain and the European Union will sign off on a deal to move to the next stage of Brexit talks.
The British currency was choppy in early trading in a potentially big week with a central bank meeting scheduled on Thursday and a raft of top tier data including retail sales, inflation and jobs data also due this week.
With latest positioning data showing a growth in long sterling bets for a third consecutive week after Prime Minister Theresa May managed to break the Brexit deadlock last week, investors have become a bit more optimistic in the short term
Some analysts such as Viraj Patel, an FX strategist at ING in London, say the central bank decision this week will be closely watched to see whether policymakers will acknowledge the developments in the Brexit negotiations.
“While we suspect the statement will be largely unchanged, it'll be interesting to see whether the monetary policy committee explicitly acknowledge the recent Brexit progress,” said ING's Patel.
“If so, one could see this as a hawkish development – with risks sterling moves up to 1.3500/50.”
Sterling was broadly steady against the dollar at $1.3375 after falling 0.7 percent on Friday, its biggest daily drop since Nov. 2. Sterling had skidded when cautious investors booked profits after a sharp rally in previous days.
Against the euro, sterling weakened by 0.3 percent to 88.15 pence in early trade on Monday, Reuters reports.
OTTAWA—NDP leadership candidate Charlie Angus says his opponents in the race are too focused on pipeline politics, and proposes that Canada adopt a “carbon budget” to curb emissions in the long term instead of squabbling over particular resource projects. “The only discussion we've had on the environment is ‘this pipeline versus that pipeline.' There's no talk about how we get to move forward or laying out the roadmap,” Angus said in an interview Wednesday.“I'm saying: ‘Let's look at the horizon and where we need to be, and let's lay out the plan of how to get there.' ”The MP from northern Ontario is one of five candidates vying to replace Tom Mulcair as leader of the federal NDP. Angus plans to release his plan to tackle climate change on Thursday, and his campaign provided it in advance to the Star. The plan is centred on a “carbon-budget” proposal, which Angus compared to the system in place in the United Kingdom. He said it would work like a hard cap on emissions, which would be mandated by legislation and determined on a sector-by-sector basis by a panel of experts and stakeholders. Article Continued BelowAngus would also create a new crown corporation to advise Ottawa on where to invest money for clean technology and renewable energy, and, in this way, “take the politics” out of climate-change planning. “Twenty years, we've talked about how we're going to meet our international targets. There are all kinds of positive platitudes, and no plan, no direction for it, and, year after year, the greenhouse gas emissions continue to rise,” Angus said.“We need a roadmap. We need a direction to go.”
To paraphrase the movie publicists, if you follow only one Twitter account in 2017, make it this one.
Chris Arnade is a former Wall Street bond trader who observed first-hand how the financial industry has screwed ordinary people. He now travels the US chronicling the stories of struggling people in left-behind communities.
1. Let's hope 17 is year political writers/pundits stop calling groups of voters stupid or idiots. & understand how deeply offensive that is — Chris Arnade (@Chris_arnade) January 2, 2017
6. One of my biggest disappointments of last year was seeing progressives (my group!) dismiss entire groups of voters as lesser. — Chris Arnade (@Chris_arnade) January 2, 2017
7. Denying socio- eco context to entire groups. Imo going against everything progressives are supposed to be about: understanding ALL people — Chris Arnade (@Chris_arnade) January 2, 2017
Yes. I've seen and heard too many nominal progressives doing just this. The first step to winning majorities in coming elections is to stop doing it.
OTTAWA — A Supreme Court of Canada decision has moved a British Columbia First Nation a big step closer to receiving financial compensation for the loss of its traditional lands in the 19th century.
In a split decision released Friday, the high court restored a tribunal ruling in favour of the Williams Lake Indian Band, which had argued the pre-Confederation colony of British Columbia failed to protect its territory from encroaching settlers.
The band also said Canada neglected to adequately remedy the wrong following B.C.'s entry into Confederation in 1871.
Instead of reclaiming the band's ancestral village lands, Canada set aside different, nearby territory for the First Nation.
A majority of the Supreme Court justices said the federal specific-claims tribunal "reasonably found" that both pre-Confederation British Columbia and Canada had failed to live up to their obligations to the band.
"A just resolution of these types of claims is essential to the process of reconciliation," Chief Justice Richard Wagner wrote on behalf of the majority.
Williams Lake Indian Band Chief Ann Louie said the members were "elated" with the high court's ruling.
"For over 150 years our chiefs and elders have been saying that we were unlawfully pushed off our village lands," Louie said in a statement. "This decision from our country's highest court clearly says our dispossession from these lands was wrong."
The band is one of 17 communities of the Shuswap Nation, which traditionally lived around Williams Lake, harvesting game, fish and berries.
The lands would become the south-central B.C. municipality of Williams Lake, 540 kilometres north of Vancouver, with a population of about 10,500.
Take your music with you with a portable Bluetooth speaker.
Portable Bluetooth speakers are one of the best ways to take those excellent audio waves with you everywhere. Compatible with practically every device out there, Bluetooth speakers will make sure that, as long as your phone, tablet, or laptop is around, your music is loud!
We've rounded up some of the best portable Bluetooth speakers that you can take with you just about anywhere!
Sony SRS-X55
Sony has a whole line of Bluetooth speakers that vary in size, but, if we are talking about the best portable speakers, it would be a shame to forget about the SRS-X55.
Let's get to the most important part of any speaker: the sound quality. It works on a 2.1 channel system, meaning it has a dedicated driver for bass to deliver a great low-end without muddling the rest of the sound at all, which, from this 2.5-pound machine, is impressive, to say the least.
We aren't the only ones who think the Sony-X5 is worth your $160, CNET gave it 4 out of 5 stars:
"For a relatively compact wireless speaker, the simple but classy-looking Sony SRS-X5 offers excellent sound with strong bass."
Sony clearly had functionality on the brain when designing the SRS-X5. Not only does it work with Bluetooth, but it also has NFC compatibility and a standard 3.5-millimeter jack, so you should have no problem getting all your favorites devices to play through it. On top of what you can plug into it, Sony has also thrown in a USB port for charging your phone or tablet on the go, making the SRS-X55 one of the most versatile Bluetooth speakers in its class.
See at Amazon
Bose SoundLink Mini II
The Bose Soundlink Mini 2 is an incredibly well-rounded wireless speaker, offering top-notch audio quality and portability for about $200. It only weighs about 1.2 pounds making it perfect for carrying it around wherever you go.
The Wirecutter has extensively tested Bluetooth speakers and enjoys the performance of the Soundlink Mini II
"It's shocking to hear how much better the SoundLink Mini II comes across than most competitors, with clearer voices and a fuller sound closer to what you might expect to hear from a decent small stereo system."
A charging base keeps it going while you're home. Meanwhile, a big battery provides up to 10 hours of tunes while you're away. Plus, you can pair two devices simultaneously to bring in your calls and music from anywhere.
See at Amazon
UE Boom 2
Living up to its onomatopoeic name, the UE Boom 2 is an impressive speaker, offering 360-degree sound in a truly portable package.
The Boom 2 has a very high water-resistant rating, allowing it to be submerged in three feet of water for 30 minutes and emerge just fine. It's also protected against dirt and mud, but you can hand-wash the speaker with warm, soapy water just in case it gets messy.
UE Boom 2's battery will last you approximately 15 hours of playing time and has a Bluetooth range of 100 feet, giving you more than enough time and space to enjoy all the sounds you want to hear. Plus, if you find yourself lacking the volume you want from just one UE Boom 2, you have the option to set up another one to make a stereo pair and raise the roof.
The UE Boom also has the added pleasure of a controller app that you can use to skip songs, adjust volume and pause music without having to touch the speaker at all. You can pick up a UE Boom 2 in a wide variety of colors for about $200.
See at Amazon
UE Roll 2
The UE Roll 2 has a cool design meant to follow you wherever you go. It has a great waterproof rating, meaning it can even follow you to the beach and the convenient strap allows you to hang it from anywhere. Plus, it also comes with a little life preserver that allows it to float, meaning you can bring this speaker to a pool party.
This is Wirecutter's top pick in their portable Bluetooth speaker roundup, citing its versatility and portability as key selling points.
"The UE Roll 2 sounds full, with smooth reproduction of everything from bass notes to cymbals, and it plays loud enough to fill a hotel room or a spot at the beach with sound."
Volume on this little guy is impressive and can be even more impressive if you pair another UE Roll 2 with it. It has an app you can download, which allows you to completely control playback from afar. The UE Roll 2 will cost you about $100.
See at Amazon
Riva Turbo X
The Riva Turbo X is often overlooked due to its slightly higher price point (about $280), but fans of the Riva Turbo X will tell you to look twice.
When it comes to portability, the Riva Turbo X is a tad on the big side; however, when it comes to power, the Riva Turbo X is the real deal. The Wirecutter was quick to mention how sleek and sturdy the design was, citing it as "refined and elegant-looking."
If you're looking for a Bluetooth speaker to blow the doors off your place, the Riva Turbo X will have you smiling — and probably covering your ears.
See at Amazon
Anker SoundCore
Although Anker is usually praised for its battery banks, the Anker SoundCore is a surprisingly good little speaker.
With only five buttons atop this rectangle, the SoundCore is pretty minimalist in its design. It won't look out of place anywhere, and it's only $70, which is a big hit with its fans.
Battery life is where the Anker SoundCore stands out above all the rest; a full charge will last you roughly 24 hours of playback, which is perfect for taking it camping or on a road trip away from wall outlets.
See at Amazon
Amazon Tap
I couldn't leave the Amazon Tap off this list because you're not going to find a more useful Bluetooth speaker, especially at its $130 price point.
On top of being powered by Dolby Audio and offering 306-degree sound, the Amazon Tap has Alexa. You simply have to tap the speaker and ask Alexa to play Spotify, Pandora, iHeartRadio, you name it, and it starts playing instantly. Plus, if you're using the Tap at home (or anywhere with a Wi-FI connection) Alexa becomes even more useful.
The Amazon Tap will give you nine hours of playback time on a single charge, and it comes with a nice charging cradle that keeps it upright and looking great even when it's refilling its tank.
See at Amazon
How do you take your music with you?
Are you constantly listening to your favorite jams on a portable Bluetooth speaker? Why do you love it and what kind do you have? Let us know in the comments below!
Updated September 2017: We've taken the Bose Soundlink III off our list because of lack of availability.
The National Bank of Kyrgyzstan has revoked the license for the right to conduct exchange operations with cash foreign currency at the exchange office Tyncha Company LLC in Talas, the website of the National Bank of the Kyrgyz Republic informed.
It is noted that the decision was made for failure to comply with the requirements of the National Bank. In addition, the owners of the exchange office didn't systematically comply with the requirements of warnings and instructions of the National Bank.
To combat work without licenses and violation of legislation in the field of currency exchange, the National Bank is actively penalizing exchange offices. Only in November 2017 they were fined for 990,000 soms.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This shocking footage captures a savage pit bull attack on a packed subway train in New York.
Video posted on Instagram shows the crazed animal with its jaws locked on a young woman's foot.
Passengers can be heard screaming as the owner, a man in a blue jacket, struggles to pull the animal away.
A woman screamed "Get the dog off of her!" while another man shouted "call the police!"
Another passenger calmly helps the victim, untying her shoe laces so it can be removed.
The animal continues to shake the foot from side to side with the owner powerless to pull it off.
(Image: Instagram/subwaycreatures)
(Image: Instagram/subwaycreatures)
Eventually, the shoe comes loose and the owner manages to grab it and throw it back to the victim as he pulls the dog into a carrying cage.
A transit spokesperson told the New York Post the incident has been referred to police.
"Our rules require non-service animals to be kept inside containers and not disturbing other passengers,” said MTA spokesman Shams Tarek.
"What's happening in this video is disturbing and a clear violation of our rules.
"We flagged this video for NYPD, which is responsible for enforcing Transit rules."
ISLAMABAD, Jul 4 (APP):Pakistan's ambassador to Republic of Kosovo (resident in Ankara), Muhammad Syrus Sajjad Qazi has presented his credentials to Kosovo's President Hashim Thaci in a graceful and dignified ceremony held at the Office of the President of Kosovo in Pristina.
According to a press release received here Wednesday, ambassador Qazi conveyed heartfelt sentiments and warm wishes on behalf of the President of Pakistan Mamnoon Hussain as well as the people of Pakistan for the peace and prosperity of the brotherly people of Kosovo.
President Thaci thanked the people and the government of Pakistan for their warm sentiments and support. Both sides expressed the desire to expand bilateral relations in all areas of mutual interest on the occasion.
The ambassador also called on the deputy prime minister of Kosovo Enver Hoxhaj and reiterated Pakistan's support for all efforts aimed towards peace and stability in the Balkans.
Views were also exchanged on issues of regional and international importance during the meeting.
Later, in the meeting with the foreign minister of Kosovo Behgjet Isa Pacolli, the entire spectrum of Kosovo-Pakistan bilateral relations came under discussion.
Both sides reiterated their commitment to institutionalize bilateral contacts in various areas of cooperation, and to expand the scope of the bilateral collaboration to include new avenues in the realm of political, economic, commercial, cultural, and educational fields.
The ambassador also held a meeting with the president of the Assembly of Republic of Kosovo Kadri Veseli and underlined that parliamentary diplomacy could play an important role in forging stronger relations between the two countries.
The need for exploring the possibility for the establishment of a Pakistan-Kosovo Parliamentary Friendship Group in the respective Parliaments was also agreed during the meeting.
In his meeting with the minister of Economy of Kosovo Valdrin Lluka the two sides reached an understanding on evolving institutional mechanisms to promote economic and commercial cooperation as well as to enhance awareness about trade and investment opportunities.
Ambassador Syrus Sajjad Qazi also held a meeting with the president of the Kosovo Chamber of Commerce Safet Gerxhaliu during which the two sides agreed to promote interactions between the Chambers of Commerce of the two countries, including the possible establishment of Pakistan-Kosovo Business Council.
Authorities in Minnesota are now releasing the name of the Iowan who was killed in a crash in that state over the weekend.
The Minnesota State Patrol says a car failed to yield at a median crossing late Friday night and was hit by a semi along Highway 52 in Goodhue County.
The car was driven by 22-year-old Jacob Nelson of St. Ansgar, who was injured in the crash. His passenger, 22-year-old Cody Squier of St. Ansgar was killed.
The truck driver wasn't hurt. Troopers say both of the Iowans were belted in and there's no sign alcohol was a factor.
Beatriz Adriana Mora Manriquez is happy Ottawa is reviewing its policy that bans people with disabilities and excessive health needs from immigrating to Canada. The Mexican migrant says time is running out for her husband, Sergio Soberano Osorio, however. Soberano is suffering from renal failure and needs to get on the kidney transplant wait list as soon as possible. The Toronto couple has applied for permanent resident status on humanitarian and compassionate grounds and has been waiting almost four years for a decision. Without permanent residency, Soberano is not eligible to get on the transplant list — even though his wife's sister is willing to donate one of her kidneys if she's a match. The irony is that the processing of their case has been delayed because officials are waiting for the changes to the policy to be finalized, according to an email to the couple's lawyer from the office of their MP — who happens to be Immigration Minister Ahmed Hussen. Hussen has said the current policy must change. “It's simply not in line with our government's policies with respect to moving toward an accessibility agenda, (and) how Canadians are increasingly of the opinion that we should be more inclusive as a society,” he told the parliamentary immigration committee last year.
Article Continued Below
“Sergio is living on borrowed time because of his medical condition. He has no time to wait for the (policy) changes to take its course,” the couple's immigration lawyer, Patricia Wells, told the Star. “We applaud the immigration minister for wanting to change the policy so there's no more discrimination because of medical inadmissibility, but it's ironic because of the delays, it's causing more suffering for Sergio.” Mora, 38, and Soberano, 33, arrived in Canada to visit her family in June 2008 and stayed in the country. Their daughter, Fernanda, 5, and son Sergio, 2, were born here. Mora works as an office cleaner and her husband was a carpenter before he stopped because of his kidney disease.
The family was content to live in Canada under the radar until late 2011, when Soberano fell ill, losing 20 kilograms (roughly 45 pounds) in mere weeks. Blood tests confirmed his renal failure. With Soberano's chronic health needs, the family decided in 2012 to apply for permanent residency on humanitarian grounds. In 2014, an immigration officer rejected the application, saying that dialysis and treatment would be available in Mexico and the family had failed to show they were established and integrated in Canada. “The applicants have not established that severing their employment and community ties to Canada would amount to hardship that is unusual and undeserved or disproportionate if they were to return to Mexico,” said the rejection letter. “Loss of employment will occur should the applicants return to Mexico, however, this is a normal consequence of immigration.” The couple appealed the decision and the government consented before a hearing in May 2014 to have their case reassessed. The family has been waiting for a decision since. Although the family's case has taken far beyond the average 29 months for humanitarian applications to be processed, the Immigration Department said processing times vary because of the resources at an office, the length of time an applicant takes to respond to requests for information and the need for medical and security screening. To pay for her husband's medical bills, Mora has taken on a second office cleaning job, working 80 hours a week. “If they are going to say no to us, why are they having us wait this long?” asked Mora. “Sergio is getting weaker and weaker. He doesn't have much time left for a transplant.” In December, a parliamentary committee recommended Ottawa repeal a provision in the law that bans people with disabilities and excessive health needs from immigrating to Canada. The government must respond to the recommendation by April 12.
Feb 2(Reuters) - Hangzhou TianMuShan Pharmaceutical Enterprise Co Ltd
* Says co's Yinchuan-based endowment and wellness unit received government subsidy of 36.9 million yuan recently
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/GCrWUt
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Salim Ahmed
The Department of Clinical Medicine & Surgery of the University of Veterinary and Animal Sciences (UVAS) Lahore organised “2-day International workshop on Collective Action for Knowledge Economy Using Technology (CAKE-TECH)” funded by Punjab Agriculture Research Board (PARB) under Civic Engagement Programme with the theme of communities empowerment for sustainable development for knowledge economy.
Deputy Head of Mission Embassy of Norway Ms Siv Kaspersen chaired the inaugural session of the workshops here on Monday while UVAS Vice-chancellor Prof Dr Talat Naseer Pasha, Rector Virtual University of Pakistan Dr Naveed A Malik, Vice-Chancellor University of the Gambia Prof Dr Faqir Muhammad Anjum, Mare Nostrum Norway Mr Otto Evjenth, Prof Dr Muhammad Nawaz, Prof Dr Anila Zameer Durrani, Dr Shahida Noumani and a large number of students, faculty members and national and international participants from all over the world were present.
Speaking on the occasion, Prof Dr Talat Naseer Pasha said that UVAS is providing disease diagnostics, 24/7 clinical & extension services, consultancy and advisory services by using the best modern practices and technologies for the profitability and poverty alleviation of poor livestock farming community.
He also listed the achievement of UVAS especially its ranking not only among top Asian Universities but also among world universities in Times Higher Education World University Ranking and QS World Top University Ranking. He said that in collaboration of Pakistan Poultry Association (PPA) UVAS provided an egg and drum stick to school going students in Pattoki surrounding area school for improving their health and solve issue of malnutrition. He lauded the organiser to arrange workshop for the nobel cause to uplift the poor community.
Iowa Senator Chuck Grassley will be questioning U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue today in a Senate Ag Committee hearing focused on the state of rural America.
Rural states like Iowa are facing serious economic threats from looming international trade wars following years of poor commodity prices, in addition to new obstacles on the production of ethanol.
“That's why I intend to stress to Secretary Perdue that trade and ethanol are very important to farmers of Iowa and to the prosperity of the Midwest,” Grassley says, “particularly to good paying jobs in small towns of Iowa.” According to Grassley, Perdue has already demonstrated he's very willing to support corn-based ethanol with his efforts on the renewable fuel standard (RFS) and to boost the production and sale of the E-15 blend.
Grassley says, “He deserves a lot of credit for working with the ethanol industry and corn producers to get E-15 without damaging a RIN cap that would undercut the RFS more than Administrator Pruitt has already done with the EPA's potential illegal abuse of so-called hardship waivers.” Those waivers are designed to benefit oil producers. Corn and soybean growers have seen the value of their crops spiral in recent years, with few lasting rebounds. Those staple Midwestern commodities are in much worse shape than cotton, for example, and Grassley says the Southern farmers complain that cotton is always distressed.
“I suppose you could talk about putting a lot of money into rural America through rural development programs,” Grassley says, “but the vitality of agriculture and prices that farmers get is a good part of solving the problems in rural America.”
(Reuters) - Telstra Corp said on Friday it would write down to zero the value of its U.S. video platform Ooyala, which had symbolized the Australian company's efforts to diversify from its ageing domestic copper-line telecoms business.
Almost four years after it bought the firm for $330 million, Telstra said in a statement it would take a A$273 million ($219 million) non-cash charge to its half-year financial results as a consequence of the write-down.
“Telstra identified challenges in the business and changing market dynamics 18 months ago and impaired the business at the time of its 2016 results,” Telstra added.
It said it would look to exit one of the three key parts of Ooyala's business, ad tech, but still saw a future for the firm's video player and workflow management system units.
Ooyala was once the biggest single investment by Telstra's venture-capital arm, which was conceived to help the company break out of its main business in Australia at a time of rapid technological change.
Telstra has tried its hands at a range of business in the technology and media sphere, ranging from music streaming services to restaurant booking applications.
Telstra is expected to report its half-year earnings on Feb. 15.
Manatees congregate at the Tampa Electric Company's Big Bend Power Station in February 2016. Manatee deaths in January related to cold stress syndrome were five times as many compared to the same time in 2017. Marc R. Masferrer mmasferrer@bradenton.com
Arlington Heights, IL – Avant Tecno USA, the fastest growing articulated, compact equipment company in North America, debuts its full line of multi-functional loaders at the world's largest international construction trade show, ConExpo-Con/Agg, in Las Vegas, Nevada March 7-11, 2017.
Though Avant Tecno USA is celebrating its 5-year anniversary in North America this spring, it will be their first time exhibiting at ConExpo. Avant, manufactured in Finland, is well-known in Europe and in over 50 countries worldwide. The North American team will be showcasing Avant's 200, 400, 500, 600, and 700 series loaders along with various attachments suited for professionals in the Construction, Demolition, Landscaping, and Mining markets.
The Avant articulated, compact loaders are truly multi-purpose, multi-functional machines. With hundreds of attachments to choose from, there is a solution for every market segment from Landscaping and Property Maintenance to Material Handling and Farming. They are especially popular amongst municipalities and many tree care specialists.
In the Construction and Demolition market, the versatile, agile, and powerful compact Avant loaders utilize many attachments in a variety of configurations including concrete mixers, soil screening buckets, vibrating plate and brick paver installation clamp for construction projects; hydraulic breakers, cutter crusher, and an asphalt grinder for demolition jobs. Avant's backhoes, trenchers, and augers are ideal tools for digging applications within construction projects. But, performing one task is not in Avant's DNA. Quickly change attachments with Avant's unique attachment coupler and hydraulic multi-connector. In seconds, you can release the hydraulic breaker attachment and hook up a heavy-duty bucket to carry the debris away.
The compact and lightweight styling of the Avant also makes it ideal for work inside buildings. Avant loaders can be lifted onto the roof, take the freight elevator to the basement, and generally perform construction and demolition tasks in tight spaces that usually requires manual labor. The hydrostatic drive system, offset telescopic boom providing great visibility, and multi-function joystick give you full precision control for the best possible results.
Avant's five model series offer the same compact, articulated, multi-purpose solutions for many types of projects in every season. These versatile machines have multiple cab options, provide excellent lift to weight ratio, and offer low operating and maintenance costs. Whether you are a Construction and Demolition contractor, Landscape and Property Maintenance professional, or a Municipality or Snow Removal Contractor visit us at booth G1628 to see the full line of Avant loaders.
We've put together this handy guide to cover “rent vs. lease vs. buy” questions. Included are three decision trees along with a recap of pros and cons of each option. How to Choose Between Rent vs. Buy. Download it now!
About AVANT TECNO USA
Avant Tecno USA brings a new breed of compact articulated loaders and attachments to the market. Its technology, benefits and solutions are unmatched in North America. Avant loaders can be equipped with hundreds of attachments, making one machine able to do the work of several. The use of modern hydraulics makes Avant loaders strong and durable while remaining light and agile. Avant Tecno USA is a subsidiary of Avant Tecno Corporation which is headquartered in Finland. Avant leads the industry in providing superior engineering and product development in the field of multi-functional loaders and attachments. To learn more, visit www.AvantTecnoUSA.com or https://www.facebook.com/AvantTecnoUsa/
NEW YORK (AP) — If you've ever wondered exactly what sorts of things Facebook would like you not to do on its service, you're in luck. For the first time, the social network is publishing detailed guidelines to what does and doesn't belong on its service — 27 pages worth of them, in fact.
So please don't make credible violent threats or revel in sexual violence; promote terrorism or the poaching of endangered species; attempt to buy marijuana, sell firearms, or list prescription drug prices for sale; post instructions for self-injury; depict minors in a sexual context; or commit multiple homicides at different times or locations.
Facebook already banned most of these actions on its previous “community standards” page , which sketched out the company's standards in broad strokes. But on Tuesday it will spell out the sometimes gory details.
The updated community standards will mirror the rules its 7,600 moderators used to review questionable posts, then decide if they should be pulled off Facebook. And sometimes whether to call in the authorities.
The standards themselves aren't changing, but the details reveal some interesting tidbits. Photos of breasts are OK in some cases — such as breastfeeding or in a painting — but not in others. The document details what counts as sexual exploitation of adults or minors, but leaves room to ban more forms of abuse, should it arise.
Since Facebook doesn't allow serial murders on its service, its new standards even define the term. Anyone who has committed two or more murders over “multiple incidents or locations” qualifies. But you're not banned if you've only committed a single homicide. It could have been self-defense, after all.
Reading through the guidelines gives you an idea of how difficult the jobs of Facebook moderators must be. These are people who have to read and watch objectionable material of every stripe and then make hard calls — deciding, for instance, if a video promotes eating disorders or merely seeks to help people. Or what crosses the line from joke to harassment, from theoretical musing to direct threats, and so on.
Moderators work in 40 languages. Facebook's goal is to respond to reports of questionable content within 24 hours. But the company says it doesn't impose quotas or time limits on the reviewers.
The company has made some high-profile mistakes over the years. For instance, human rights groups say Facebook has mounted an inadequate response to hate speech and the incitement of violence against Muslim minorities in Myanmar. In 2016, Facebook backtracked after removing an iconic 1972 Associated Press photo featuring a screaming, naked girl running from a napalm attack in Vietnam. The company initially insisted it couldn't create an exception for that particular photograph of a nude child, but soon reversed itself, saying the photo had “global importance.”
Monica Bickert, Facebook's head of product policy and counterterrorism, said the detailed public guidelines have been a long time in the works. “I have been at this job five years and I wanted to do this that whole time,” she said. Bickert said Facebook's recent privacy travails, which forced CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify for 10 hours before Congress, didn't prompt their release now.
The policy is an evolving document, and Bickert said updates go out to the content reviewers every week. Facebook hopes it will give people clarity if posts or videos they report aren't taken down. Bickert said one challenge is having the same document guide vastly different “community standards” around the world. What passes as acceptable nudity in Norway may not pass in Uganda or the U.S.
There are more universal gray areas, too. For instance, what exactly counts as political protest? How can you know that the person in a photo agreed to have it posted on Facebook? That latter question is the main reason for Facebook's nudity ban, Bickert said, since it's “hard to determine consent and age.” Even if the person agreed to be taped or photographed, for example, they may not have agreed to have their naked image posted on social media.
Facebook uses a combination of the human reviewers and artificial intelligence to weed out content that violates its policies. But its AI tools aren't close to the point where they could pinpoint subtle differences in context and history — not to mention shadings such as humor and satire — that would let them make judgments as accurate as those of humans.
And of course, humans make plenty of mistakes themselves.
Two Pacific University football players were arrested in connection with a robbery and a street fight.
Washington County Deputies said just after 5 pm Saturday, they were called to a disturbance in the 2800 block of North Davis Court.
They said 18-year-old Christopher Goosby and 19-year-old Jeremy McGoldrick went to a home to buy marijuana from an 18-year-old man.
Deputies said they attacked the man and took off.
By FOX 12 Staff
Read more HERE from KPTV.com
PITTSBURGH — A hard slide by Pittsburgh pitcher Joe Musgrove led to the Pirates and Chicago Cubs emptying their benches in another tense moment in the series between NL Central rivals.
Musgrove slid hard into second baseman Javier Baez to break up a potential double play in the third inning on Wednesday night. Baez was knocked off balance but did not hit the ground.
No punches were thrown as both teams milled around the infield and there were no ejections.
Crew chief Gerry Davis instituted a video replay review to see if Musgrove interfered with Baez. However, replay officials at Major League Baseball's central office in New York informed Davis that it was not a reviewable play.
by Jack Kramer | Oct 6, 2017 5:30am
( ) Comments | Log in to Facebook to Post a Comment
Posted to: Civil Liberties, Congress, Legal, Public Safety
Jack Kramer / ctnewsjunkie Sen. Ted Kennedy Jr. Thursday at a vigil on the Branford Town Green for the victims in Las Vegas
BRANFORD, CT — After staying silent for days, the National Rifle Association on Thursday came out in support of additional federal regulations on bump stocks, a firearm accessory that allowed the Las Vegas massacre shooter to convert some of his semiautomatic rifles to fully automatic fire.
It was the first statement by the NRA since the Sunday night shooting by Stephen Paddock that left 58 dead and nearly 500 wounded, 50 of them critically.
Paddock reportedly was armed with 23 rifles, a dozen of which were modified with bump stocks during the massacre — the deadliest shooting in the history of the United States.
The position statement by the NRA is expected to give cover to Republicans to support a ban on bump stocks — meaning there's a chance of rare bipartisan action on gun control in Congress.
The NRA's complete statement calls on the ATF to review bump stocks and that they should be “subject to additional regulations.”
The statement goes on to say: “Unfortunately, the first response from some politicians has been to call for more gun control. Banning guns from law-abiding Americans based on the criminal act of a madman will do nothing to prevent future attacks.
“This is a fact that has been proven time and again in countries across the world. In Las Vegas, reports indicate that certain devices were used to modify the firearms involved.”
The organization also took a jab at former President Barack Obama's administration, pointing out that the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms in 2010 decided bump-stock modifiers do not convert semi-automatic weapons into automatic weapons, which are more heavily regulated.
The NRA said: “Despite the fact that the Obama administration approved the sale of bump fire stocks on at least two occasions, the National Rifle Association is calling on the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (BATFE) to immediately review whether these devices comply with federal law.
“The NRA believes that devices designed to allow semi-automatic rifles to function like fully-automatic rifles should be subject to additional regulations.”
U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan, in reaction to the NRA's statement, said that the bump stock ban was “something we need to look into.”
President Donald Trump has also indicated in statements after the Las Vegas shooting that he welcomes the discussion on possible Congressional action on bump stock devices.
A ban on bump stock devices is being called for by both of Connecticut's United States senators and Gov. Dannel P. Malloy.
The governor said Wednesday that he expects that when the legislature is back in session early next year that legislation will be introduced to ban bump stocks in Connecticut.
U.S. Senators Richard Blumenthal and Chris Murphy have been urging their colleagues to ban bump stock devices and toughen up background checks on firearm sales. They also introduced legislation Thursday that would repeal the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act (PLCAA) passed by Congress in 2005.
In an unapologetic email to his supporters Thursday night, Murphy said he's been accused of using the Las Vegas massacre to score political points.
“My instinct was to let a few days go by without talking about how we can change laws to prevent this slaughter. No more,” Murphy said in a fundraising email. “The only one that benefits from a required period of silence and non-action is the gun lobby. I do not accept the premise that there is a waiting period before engaging in political action.”
Murphy asked supporters to give to Gabby Giffords' organization, Americans for Responsible Solutions.
John St.'s much-anticipated makeover that will turn the downtown street into a pedestrian-friendly plaza now has $40 million in funding.
The John Street Cultural Corridor project was a decade in the making. The consultations and designs have been completed, and formal construction will start as soon as 2018 or early 2019, said local Councillor Joe Cressy.
“It's part of a generational shift to move people rather than cars,” he said of the plan to transform John Street, which will have a pedestrian focus in the same way the new design for King St. will have a transit focus.
“Think of Pedestrian Sundays in Kensington, but along a cultural corridor.”
Read more:
NORTH BAY, Ont. — Canada had its first scare at the world women's curling championship on Monday afternoon but recovered for a 9-5 victory over China.
Skip Jennifer Jones came through with a hit for a deuce in the ninth end and tacked on two more points in the 10th for her fourth straight round-robin victory.
Canada moved into a tie with unbeaten Anna Hasselborg of Sweden at 4-0. Hasselborg, the 2018 Olympic champion, beat American Jamie Sinclair 6-4 in the morning draw.
Italy edged Russia 6-5 in the other early game.
South Korea's EunJung Kim (3-0) was the only other unbeaten team after six draws. The Olympic silver medallists were scheduled to play Sweden on Monday evening.
After a so-so first half, Jones and her Winnipeg team caught a break when China skip Yilun Jiang missed a takeout in the sixth end to give Canada a steal of three.
Jones forced China to a single in the seventh but was wide on a blank attempt in the eighth, which left China even with a steal.
Third Kaitlyn Lawes came through with a double takeout in the ninth and Jiang was light on her final throw to set up the critical deuce. Jiang missed a longshot runback attempt in the 10th to end the game.
Four games were scheduled for Monday night. Jones had the evening off and will play twice on Tuesday.
Round-robin play continues through Friday. The six-team playoff round starts Saturday and the medal games are scheduled for Sunday.
WASHINGTON (AP) - The U.S. Supreme Court is keeping in place a revised map of Pennsylvania's congressional districts, turning down a request from Republican leaders in the state Legislature.
The court's order Monday declining to put on hold the revised map comes as incumbents and potential challengers are circulating petitions to get on the May primary ballot.
The court is declining to halt a series of decisions by the Pennsylvania Supreme Court that threw out a 2011 Republican-crafted map and established a new map of the state's 18 districts.
Pennsylvania's 2011 map is generally considered among the most gerrymandered in the nation, and Democrats hope new district lines will boost their chances of reclaiming majority control of the U.S. House.
RICHMOND, Va. – A Virginia family returned home to find their floors and walls splattered in blood after their German Shepherd apparently attacked an intruder, according to WRIC.
Tristan Murrin said he knew something was wrong when the dog greeted him at the front door.
“We noticed something when we walked in, when I walked in with my mother and there is blood spots on the ground, we looked upstairs and you see trails of blood coming from upstairs going all the way down,” Murrin told WRIC.
Murrin said Oden is not typically aggressive. However, he said he's thankful the dog stood his ground.
“I think the dog did its job. He knew that someone was not supposed to be in my house and no one was home and he knows that he wasn't supposed to be in there and he was doing something that he wasn't supposed to be doing and so he knew to act upon it,” Murrin told WRIC.
Murrin shared photos and videos on Facebook that show the aftermath of the attempted break-in. His Facebook post has been shared over 100,000 times. He wrote:
“Last night we had a break in, luckily no one was home. My best friend Oden who is a German shepherd, protected my home and belongings when I wasn't there, I couldn't be more proud of him. Such an amazing breed that's why everyone who doesn't have an actual dog should consider on adopting or buying a dog.”
Police said no arrests have been made. The investigation is ongoing.
This is a year Genevieve Fisher is unlikely to forget.
First, the 25-year-old country singer-songwriter saw her song, Take It On Home, break through the Top 40 country music charts after four successive songs reached the Top 50.
A month later Fisher won the country music category at the Jack Richardson London Music Awards.
Then, the Country Music Association of Ontario announced Fisher and London native Jessica Mitchell were both nominated for the association's female artist of the year award, later won by Meghan Patrick.
And, now, Fisher's newest single, You Me We, is her second consecutive single to break into the Top 40, up against Canadian and American country stars.
“It's just been amazing,” said Fisher, who also found time along the way to get married to Brian Shaw.
“This year's been crazy.
How far You Me We will climb is anyone's guess. So far, Fisher said it's been a “roller coaster ride” with the tune.
“Every song is different and you never know what's going to happen,” Fisher said. “This was a tough song. I was getting worried because it wasn't getting picked up (by radio stations) but then all of a sudden they started playing it.”
Other songs by Fisher that made the Top 50, but not beyond, include July (2012), Shut Down This Day (2013), Bad Enough (2013) and Night In Night Out (2014).
The graduate of Western University's Don Wright Faculty of Music was identified by the TopCountry.ca website, as one of the emerging country artists to watch in 2017 and she has not disappointed.
To date, there is no plan to put out an album. Fisher is an independent artist not signed to a ­label.
“I want to make sure I'm putting out songs that I really want to sing,” said Fisher, who's not opposed to signing with a label.
“So I feel like there are more pluses to be an indie artist right now because you have the freedom to do what you want and when you want to do it.”
Fisher said her calendar for next summer's festival season is “packed” and she hasn't yet heard if she'll be performing at this year's Country Music Association of Ontario's awards gala being held in London June 3 at Centennial Hall.
“I'm not sure, but I would love to,” said Fisher. “It'll be an interesting year and we'll have to wait and see what happens.”
jbelanger@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/JoeBatLFPress
Struggling to find your favourite brand at the supermarket? Get used to it.
In a massive dumbing down of Australia's pantries, Coles, Woolworths and wholesaler Metcash are shrinking the number of products in supermarkets by around 10 per cent to cut costs, improve on-shelf availability, clear space for fresh foods and make the weekly grocery shop simpler for consumers.
Known in the trade as assortment reduction, the cull has been under way since the number of packaged food and grocery products peaked in 2014.
But it will pick up pace this year as major retailers attempt to reinvigorate sales and cut costs amid margin-sapping grocery price deflation.
Cole has unveiled plans to cut its product range by up to 15pc in the next few years and Metcash by up to 3000 products, or 12pc, in its largest IGA stores.
Woolworths is believed to be targeting an 8pc to 12pc reduction in stock keeping units (SKUs), including private label products.
This is well below the 30pc SKU reduction under way at Britain's largest grocery retailer, Tesco.
However, given the relatively small size of the $90 billion Australian grocery market and the level of retail concentration, the strategy is ringing alarm bells at food and grocery manufacturers already struggling to recoup rising costs amid intense price competition.
"I absolutely get why they're doing it, but I think it's a high-risk strategy," says Australian Food and Grocery Council chief executive, Gary Dawson.
"The rationale is they want to simplify their ranges in order to improve on-shelf availability and through that drive higher sales velocity.
"But there are also downsides.
There's a risk that as consumers lose choice they go elsewhere, he says, especially if the number of brands in a category is reduced to two – one national brand and a retailer's private label brand – which appears to be Coles' strategy.
It's a high-risk strategy says Australian Food and Grocery Council chief executive, Gary Dawson.
"They're laying out the welcome mat to Amazon, which offers a very extensive range,” Mr Dawson said.
“The other risk is it turns into a Dutch auction amongst suppliers – who can offer the retailer the most to stay on the shelf.
“We've already had reports that has happened in categories."
Retailers are well aware of the risks, particularly when fast-growing discounter Aldi is expanding its range of 1300 mainly private-label products and adding well-known national brands such as Nescafe, Nutella and Weetbix, so customers can do a full basket shop.
Consumers are quick to take to social media and threaten to shop elsewhere when retailers take their favourite brands or products off the shelves.
For that reason, retailers are now taking a more scientific approach to range rationalisation, deploying tools including data from customer loyalty programs and market research firms such as Nielsen, IRI and Quantium, customer surveys, in-store trials and good old store manager/owner nous before they make decisions that may come back to bite them.
"We won't want to do what Coles did prior to the (Wesfarmers)] acquisition, which is just unilaterally take products out and that gets your customers off side," Wesfarmers group managing director, Richard Goyder, told investors in August.
"We want to take our customers with us and that's why it takes a bit longer but as a consequence we'll be more efficient.
“Every additional SKU you put through the supply chain creates complexity, and therefore creates a cost."
There is no doubt Australian consumers are spoilt for choice.
According to IRI, there were 52,763 "active" food and grocery products on the market in 2016, including tobacco and private-label brands but excluding fresh produce and fresh meat.
The average full-service supermarket stocks between 20,000 and 25,000 SKUs.
"There are a lot more products around now – the range was in the single thousands decades ago," says veteran retailer, Steven Cain, the head of supermarkets and convenience at Metcash.
"When you look at the sheer variety of food that's available now it's unprecedented ... the consumer has never had more choice."
But choice comes at a cost – taking up space on shelves, in distribution centres and on trucks, tying up working capital, impeding the introduction of new products, adding complexity in the supply chain and making it harder to keep shelves fully stocked.
In most categories there are three or four brands, each of which offers multiple product variations in two and sometimes three different pack sizes.
Take baked beans.
Woolworths sells 60 different products from five suppliers – Heinz, SPC, Watties, Weight Watchers and Woolworths' Homebrand and Macro private labels – in a multitude of pack sizes and multi-packs.
Woolworths head of buying Steve Donohue said the limited range consolidation taking place in stores is equal across branded and own-brand products.
"Woolworths will always be a house of brands," he said.
"We are constantly listening to our customers and working hard to ensure we have the most popular products at the correct quantities on our shelves."
Another example is brie.
Earlier this year Coles sold 22 types of brie cheeses under seven brands, including King Island, South Cape, President, Castello and the Coles own brand.
Now the range appears to have been reduced to 17, according to Coles' website.
"I doubt that anyone would expect us to have 22 brie products," Coles boss, John Durkan, told investors earlier this year.
"I would imagine we could take 30 or 40pc out of that range easily and drive more demand through better availability and the right products."
Retailers are primarily reducing SKUs in low-growth and no-growth categories where there is a proliferation of brands and pack sizes, a high level of product duplication and low customer loyalty.
They are handing shelf space over to fast-growing categories such as organic and health foods, health and beauty products, fresh foods, and in some cases locally made brands, which are growing in popularity.
"As people are moving to healthier and fresh foods we are reducing processed foods like canned goods where you might have less differentiation and where as a category you're making less sales every year," said Metcash's Mr Cain.
"According to IRI almost half of what you'd call traditional grocery categories are in decline, in particular processed foods, canned goods, and more people are buying more fresh.
“Fresh is almost 50pc of the basket now."
He uses UHT milk as an example.
The overall category is flat, despite strong demand for soy and nut-based UHT drinks such as almond and coconut milk.
"You still have five or six brands in classic 1-litre UHT milk," he said.
"In a category that's not growing overall if you want to introduce some of the more health-based varieties you have to reduce the core range, which might be in decline."
Eliminating SKUs does not necessarily lead to falling sales for retailers and suppliers, but arbitrarily culling products can be a recipe for disaster, says IRI.
IRI's client service team leader, Adam Vine-Hall, said manufacturers who reduced SKUs can focus their above-the-line and below-the-line marketing and promotional efforts on products that are more likely to appeal to customers and achieve clearer brand architecture. He points out that several categories that experienced an overall reduction in SKUs last year achieved above-average sales growth.
For example, in men's skin care, the number of SKUs reduced 18.1pc, but sales rose 4.3pc.
In chilled pet food, SKUs fell 9.9pc but sales rose 3.8pc, and in dental floss the number of SKUs fell 9pc, but sales rose 6.7pc.
Companies such as Masterpet, which owns the Vitapet brand, reduced SKUs by 10pc but sales rose 16pc, PharmaCare, which owns brands such as Bioglan, Natures Way, Brut and Rosken, shrank SKUs by 1.2pc, but grew sales 4pc.
"Those that have grown have picked the winners and cut the losers," Mr Vine-Hall said.
However, a large number of suppliers had culled products and seen sales go backwards.
"The key for manufacturers is that with increased range-reduction pressure from the retail space, their ability to launch and innovate new products grows more challenging," he said.
"Previously most manufacturers could operate on a one-in, one-out policy.
“Now they're under pressure to not just take lines out for the new ones they put in, but take more lines out.
"So manufacturers are having to justify not just poor-performing items but their OK-performing items as well."
The competition watchdog has also raised concerns about the way retailers are treating suppliers when products are permanently dumped.
ACCC chairman Rod Sims said in some cases the chains failed to give reasonable notice or reasons before delisting products – some suppliers were given less than a day's notice.
Grocery retailers needed to improve the way they notify suppliers when delisting products to avoid breaching the Food and Grocery Code of Conduct.
TURIN, Italy — Italy all but secured a qualifying playoff spot for next year's World Cup but it was booed off the pitch after drawing with Macedonia 1-1 on Friday.
Defender Giorgio Chiellini gave Italy the lead shortly before halftime but Macedonia levelled through substitute Aleksandar Trajkovski with 13 minutes remaining.
Italy, which was without Claudio Marchisio, Daniele De Rossi, Marco Verratti and Andrea Belotti, didn't have a shot on target after Chiellini's goal, against a side ranked outside the top 100.
"The second half was disappointing," Italy coach Gian Piero Ventura said. "But we were missing some players and we were tired.
"The jeers at the end were deserved looking at how we played after the break, even if the national team should never be jeered ... we have to help the fans to applaud us, but also the fans have to help us."
Italy remained second in Group G, five points behind Spain, and can't be caught heading into the last round of European qualifiers. However, it needs a point against Albania on Monday to ensure it finishes as one of the best eight runners-up from the nine groups.
It could be assured of a playoff berth on Saturday if Bosnia doesn't beat Belgium.
"Will we go to the World Cup? We're Italy and we have to be there," defender Andrea Barzagli said.
"We lacked that conviction and confidence that you always need on the pitch, because that gives you the certainty in your movements."
Confidence was low after last month's 3-0 loss in Spain but, despite winning only 3-2 in Skopje last year thanks to a stoppage-time goal, Italy was expected to easily sweep away Macedonia in Turin.
The UK police are investigating about 40 people belonging to the neo-Nazi movement on suspicion they could be preparing terrorist attacks targeting Muslims, local media reported Sunday, citing police intelligence sources.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — According to The Sunday Times, most of the suspects live in Yorkshire. Their activity is likely to become more active after Labour lawmaker Jo Cox was murdered in June 2016 by a suspected neo-Nazi.
The suspects are under investigation for “proactively plotting” of the attacks by familiarizing themselves with the Islamic institutions and community representatives, the newspaper said.
Full story: sputniknews.com
Sputnik International
Did you know everyday household items with Box Tops can benefit your public schools? The Box Top for Education Program began back in 1996 by General Mills. The program encourages students, their parents and the community to clip and submit box tops from participating manufacturers – each earning almost 10 cents for public schools.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
Feb 2 (Reuters) - The Thomson Reuters benchmark rates for Indian gilts at 1215 IST (0645 GMT) Friday follow: ------------------ ----- --------- ----------- ------ Security Name Tenor Price Yield Year Range Range to Mat. ------------------ ----- --------- ----------- ------ 03/05/18 (Tbill) 3M 98.49/50 6.430/6.390 0.25 02/08/18 (Tbill) 6M 96.92/94 6.520/6.480 0.50 07.28 pct GOI 2019 1Y 100.62/67 6.773/6.733 1.34 06.35 pct GOI 2020 2Y 98.93/95 6.954/6.942 1.92 07.80 pct GOI 2021 3Y 101.70/80 7.187/7.152 3.19 08.20 pct GOI 2022 4Y 102.40/60 7.497/7.440 4.04 06.84 pct GOI 2022 5Y 97.35/50 7.496/7.458 4.88 07.68 pct GOI 2023 6Y 100.00/30 7.677/7.613 5.87 07.72 pct GOI 2025 7Y 99.67/87 7.777/7.740 7.31 06.97 pct GOI 2026 8Y 94.33/50 7.890/7.861 8.59 06.79 pct GOI 2027 9Y 93.13/17 7.844/7.837 9.29 07.17 pct GOI 2028 10Y 96.60/65 7.664/7.657 9.93 08.60 pct GOI 2028 11Y 104.70/10 7.922/7.867 10.33 06.79 pct GOI 2029 12Y 92.30/60 7.793/7.752 11.90 07.61 pct GOI 2030 13Y 97.35/50 7.950/7.930 12.27 06.68 pct GOI 2031 14Y 89.85/90 7.909/7.903 13.63 06.57 pct GOI 2033 15Y 87.45/80 7.978/7.935 15.84 07.40 pct GOI 2035 19Y 96.10/55 7.810/7.762 17.60 08.83 pct GOI 2041 24Y 109.37/83 7.946/7.906 23.86 07.06 pct GOI 2046 30Y 91.04/52 7.849/7.803 28.69 The yield curve based on the above rates is available on Thomson Reuters Graphics . For liquid Government of India securities, please double-click in the brackets . For further details, double-click on and . (Mumbai Rate Reporting Unit, +91 22 6180-7222/3317 7222, rru.data@thomsonreuters.com)
(Reuters) - Jamaica's Yohan Blake is a doubt for the 4x100 metres relay final at the World Athletics Championships and will be assessed by medical staff before Saturday's final, head Coach Maurice Wilson said.
Blake has not been able to train at full pace in the leadup to the race, which will be sprint great Usain Bolt's last on the track.
“Well I cannot speak definitively on it until I have had conversations with the medical staff,” Wilson told Television Jamaica.
"The possibility exists that we may have some niggles."
The coach was asked whether Blake had trained with the team in relay practice on Saturday.
“Well he did some hand offs today at about half-pace and we're expecting that if there is a problem he's a professional athlete, he's an experienced athlete; he will have that conversation with the medical staff, he will also be examined by the medical staff if there is a problem,” the coach said.
The Jamaican men's quartet of Tyquendo Tracey, 100m semi-finalist Julian Forte, debutant Michael Campbell and 11-time world championship gold medallist Bolt clocked 37.95 seconds, the third fastest time to advance to the final.
The U.S. team featuring Justin Gatlin and Christian Coleman, logged a world leading 37.70 seconds to win the first heat, followed by Britain on 37.76 seconds.
Tuberculosis behind him, Thiago Silva aims high at World Cup
Tuberculosis behind him, Thiago Silva aims high at World Cup
Associated Press NEWS News 30 May 2018, 21:33 IST 98 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
LONDON (AP) — When Thiago Silva moved to Russia more than a decade ago, tuberculosis nearly derailed his career.
This year, the Brazil defender will be back in the country playing at the World Cup.
The 33-year-old Silva joined Dynamo Moscow in 2005 but soon felt chest pain that needed to be checked out. It was found to be tuberculosis, which put him in the hospital for five months. Russian doctors even considered removing part of his lungs.
"That would have ended my career, I needed guardian angels to take me away," Silva said this week at the Brazilian team's training camp in London. "I was a bit overwhelmed in a friendly we played against Russia this year. It is different for me to play there. I hope I can erase that by lifting the World Cup trophy."
Silva, who now plays for Paris Saint-Germain alongside Brazil teammate Neymar, never played a match for Dynamo but ended up being the captain of his national team at the last World Cup. In Russia, though, Silva may struggle to find a starting position under coach Tite.
Another PSG player, Marquinhos, and Inter Milan defender Miranda have started most of Brazil's matches in the last two years.
When Silva had his health issues in 2005, it was Dynamo coach Ivo Wortmann who stopped the defender from having surgery on his lungs.
"I knew Thiago from Brazil, took him to Porto B and approved his transfer to Russia," Wortmann, who is also Brazilian, told The Associated Press.
Silva's mother, Angela, and his wife, Isabelle, also thought the surgery was unnecessary.
"I told them no one would open my husband up and end his dream," Isabelle said. "I am not a doctor, but no one believed he should go through surgery.
"To see him wearing the Brazil shirt is a victory for us all, especially those that know him from those days."
Silva recovered and signed again to play for Wortmann, this time at Brazilian club Fluminense.
"When Thiago arrived I said he would play, be one of the best, go to a World Cup and win it," Wortmann said. "Tite makes the captaincy go around, so we never know who the captain will be. But if Brazil reaches the final and wins it, there is no one better than Thiago to lift it. His perseverance is an example to us all."
Silva is just happy to be part of the team.
"If I get to wear the badge again it will be a great honor," Silva said. "But if I don't I will try to lead in the same way."
1:55 Public comment was heard Tuesday night on Holmes Beach speed limit change Pause
3:03 The importance of river restoration in the Everglades
1:37 Oscar-winning actress Geena Davis speaks in Sarasota
0:35 Couples say 'I do' on Valentine's Day
1:53 Legoland surprise for one generous 8-year old
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
1:08 Council's, historic burger joint in downtown Bradenton, reopens for business
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
2:03 Commission holds a brain-storming session to discuss heroin epidemic
Toms Sandoval and Schwartz seem to have it pretty good on Vanderpump Rules — they're in relationships with cool women they love, and Lisa Vanderpump has entrusted them with her next new project. The Toms have partnered with Lisa and Ken on new bar Tom Tom, and most of their storylines for Vanderpump Rules Season 6 has focused on getting the restaurant off the ground. But will Tom Tom get its own show?
While there's no official word from Bravo quite yet, the cast seems like they'd be down to get their own show. Who wouldn't really? In a recent appearance on Danny Pellegrino's Everything Iconic podcast, Ariana, Sandoval's girlfriend, expressed that Tom Tom should break off from the Vanderpump Rules pack. “I think a spinoff show about Tom Tom would be great because Lisa and Ken would still be involved but then you would have Tom and Tom as the seniors and then you'd have all these fresh faces being servers.” Basically, the Toms and Lisa and Ken would anchor the show, and we'd get the chance to meet a whole new slew of young, supple bartenders and servers to cause more drama. It's like a backdoor pilot into expanding Lisa Vanderpump's empire, which, I must say, I'm pretty down with.
This isn't the first time that Ariana has wished publicly for her own show. Even Brittany and Jax got their own spinoff, Vanderpump Rules: Jax & Brittany Take Kentucky, and that show wasn't even that interesting. Instead of a relationship vibe (which was all Jax and Brittany's show was really about), Ariana thinks she and Tom would do well with a travel show. “I'd love to have a younger Anthony Bourdain-type show,” Ariana told NW magazine in Australia. The new spinoff could have “travel, eat amazing food, meet amazing people, go on adventures, help some people out along the way.” Again, there are no plans in the works for spinoffs (at least that have been announced), so for now, this is all just a moot point.
Really, before the Toms can bring Tom Tom into the limelight, they need to open the place. In a recent trip to Las Vegas with Lisa and Ken, the Toms got way too drunk and were over an hour late to one of their business meetings, making Lisa angry. It's not smart to make the woman who signs all of your checks mad. Get it together, guys — you all think Jax is so old, but you're both in your mid-30s now, too. But I guess that this behavior has lessened or Lisa has ignored them entirely, because Tom Tom is slowly moving toward an opening. In an interview with Life & Style, Sandoval said, "We're working on it… It's something that we are working on and you'll find out what happens with that." At the beginning of February 2018, Schwartz told Bravo that Tom Tom was “60 percent done” and that the space that the Toms, Lisa, and Ken have created was something “really special.”
Again, this is a “believe it when I see it” sort of situation. As Ariana said, Tom Tom really does have the makings of a great Vanderpump Rules spinoff — Sandoval ex Kristen Doute has even expressed interest in coming back to the SUR family and working at Tom Tom. ("I think I have to convince Lisa first. And then convince Tom Sandoval, because Tom Schwartz is a pushover,” she told Entertainment Tonight. Charming.) This would be great television, and Vanderpump Rules fans would eat it up. But there needs to be a restaurant to cast and film in, so until Tom Tom is actually going to open, there's no need to talk about a Tom Tom spinoff. Yet.
The 17th annual Tribeca Film Festival will celebrate the anniversaries of “Schindler's List” and “Scarface” with retrospective screenings as well as Tribeca Talks discussions featuring big names from the movies.
The screening of Steven Spielberg's “Schindler's List,” honoring the title's 25th anniversary, will include a conversation with stars Liam Neeson, Sir Ben Kingsley, Embeth Davidtz, and more. Brian De Palma's “Scarface,” meanwhile, will be celebrating its 35th anniversary at the festival with a screening and a discussion with De Palma and leads Al Pacino and Michelle Pfeiffer.
Also lined up for a retrospective event is “In the Soup,” the 25-year-old indie directed by Alexandre Rockwell and starring Steve Buscemi. Tribeca will present the world premiere of the 4K restoration of the indie drama, followed by a panel with Rockwell, Buscemi, and co-stars Sam Rockwell and Jennifer Beals.
In addition, Tribeca has also announced the lineup of filmmakers, entertainers, artists, and icons set to participate in Tribeca Talks: Directors Series, Tribeca Talks: Storytellers, and Tribeca Talks: The Journey, among other programs.
The Tribeca Talks: Directors Series will include “The Descendants” director-writer Alexander Payne; “Tully” writer, director, and producer Jason Reitman; and “Something's Gotta Give” director and writer Nancy Meyers. The event will also include the New York premiere of “Tully.”
Bradley Cooper, Robert De Niro, Alec Baldwin, Spike Lee, John Legend, Jamie Foxx, and more will participate in the Tribeca Talks: Storytellers program, while Tribeca Talks: The Journey will focus on Sarah Jessica Parker's career across multiple platforms including film, Broadway, television, literature, and fashion.
The 2018 Tribeca Film Festival will run April 18-29. Tickets for the event go on sale March 20.
Dortmund comeback the best moment of Bartra's career
A winner of five LaLiga titles and two Champions Leagues, Marc Bartra says his return from surgery was his favourite footballing moment.
by Omnisport News 14 Jun 2017, 23:46 IST
Marc Bartra salutes Borussia Dortmund fans
Borussia Dortmund defender Marc Bartra says his return to action following the attack on the team bus was his best moment in professional football.
The 26-year-old needed surgery on his wrist after being injured by broken glass when three explosive devices were detonated close to the Dortmund bus as the team travelled to Signal Iduna Park for a European clash with Monaco on April 11.
Bartra was unable to play again until May 20, when Dortmund concluded their Bundesliga campaign with a thrilling 4-3 win over Werder Bremen that secured an automatic Champions League spot.
The Spain international went on to win the DFB-Pokal final and enjoyed substantial success with Barcelona early in his career, winning five LaLiga titles and two Champions Leagues in a trophy-laden six-year spell.
However, he believes that the emotion of his return at Signal Iduna Park makes it the pinnacle of his career to date.
"I remember coming out of the hotel. There were fans gathered around as usual; maybe more, because it was a big game," he recalled in an interview with the Bundesliga's official website.
"Then I heard this bang. It sounded like a kind of machine gun but I had no idea what it was. I was hit in the arm and felt this intense pain, and then a very warm wind blowing across my face.
What a match, so thrilling, what an atmosphere, such a feeling.. Really HAPPY and PROUD!
Tarde increible la de hoy..FELIZ!
DANKE Familie!! pic.twitter.com/wYYti6jV1I — Marc Bartra (@MarcBartra) May 20, 2017
"I couldn't move, I couldn't hear anything, just this beeping sound. They said we had to lie down on the floor. I could see that was what I was supposed to do because everyone else did, but I couldn't move. Eventually I somehow managed it.
"Everyone was shouting 'what's happening, what's happening?'. We didn't know where it had come from. My arm was really hurting and when I looked, it was covered in blood.
"Then Papa Sokratis and Roman Burki came. They called for the doctor, saying I was in a bad way. Our physio came over. I was lying on the floor, unable to move.
"At that moment, all I was thinking about was my daughter. The physio gave me a few slaps on the cheek to keep me conscious. I told myself, Marc, you can't nod off now. I was afraid something else might happen.
"I don't know how long it lasted. It might have been 10 minutes but for me it felt like about four hours."
Recounting his return against Bremen, he continued: "At home, in front of our supporters... Just being able to play football again, the thing I love most.
"And to top it all, we won the game to finish third in the table and clinch an automatic place in the Champions League.
"When I got home, I told my wife and my family that it was the happiest moment of my professional career. it was unbelievable. I've experienced a lot of great moments but that was fantastic.
"I just felt surrounded by so much love all the way through it."
Wrentham police had a message for the person who left five kittens for dead in an overheating crate on the side of the highway.
Whoever abandoned the five kittens, who are just 3 or 4 weeks old, is pure evil in their eyes.
"To the Evil...," police wrote. "If you are the one who dumped these innocent little kittens on the side of 495, turn yourself in or get the help you obviously and desperately need."
The kittens, who were "facing certain death," police said, were rescued from the side of Interstate 495 Tuesday. They're now aptly dubbed The 495 Five.
Police used Facebook Wednesday to tell the tale of "Good v. Evil."
"If you know who did this, you're just as guilty if you're silent," police said. "Speak up and prevent it from happening again."
But the good in the story is that some good Samaritans saw the kittens, scooped them up and brought them to Wrentham Animal Control Officer Chris Wider.
"The furry five are now getting the royal treatment, safe in their foster home," police said.
While police started to search for a suspect, they told anyone interested in adopting the kittens that "the kittens will personally (or more precisely kittenally)" would review applications from interested humans.
Meanwhile, people who saw the social media post gave the police some tips about The 495 Five, police said. It led officers to a suspect.
"We are actively following up with investigation to determine who is responsible for this act of animal cruelty," police said. "After we gather all information possible, we will release the suspect's name and seek criminal charges."
Anyone interested in qualifying for adopting can send an email to kpanimalrescue@gmail.com to request an application.
NEW YORK POST:
Men are scared, and feminists are delighted. But the urge to call out and punish male sexual transgression is bound to clash with an inescapable truth: We're all in this together, men and women.
Consider what's happening in the capital of Florida. Female staffers and lobbyists have found “many male legislators will no longer meet with them privately,” reported The Miami Herald. “I had a senator say, ‘I need my aide here in the room because I need a chaperone,' ” lobbyist Jennifer Green told the paper. “I said, ‘Senator, why do you need a chaperone? . . . Do you feel uncomfortable around me?' ‘Well,' he said, ‘anyone can say anything with the door shut.' ”
“I'm getting the feeling that we're going back 20 years as female professionals,” said Green, who owns her company. “I fully anticipate I'm going to be competing with another firm that is currently owned by some male, and the deciding factor is going to be: ‘You don't want to hire a female lobbying firm in this environment.' ”
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Emperor Watch & Jewellery Ltd:
* CHAN HUNG MING RESIGNS AS EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Help could be on the way for Marcus Mariota in Tennesee.
One day after officially being released by the Jets, free agent receiver Eric Decker will visit the Titans on Wednesday, ESPN's Adam Schefter has confirmed. Decker has also been linked to the Ravens, but Tennessee is his first visit.
Decker (6-3, 214 pounds) would be a welcomed addition to the Titans' offense, especially in the red zone. In 2015, Decker hauled in 80 receptions for 1,027 yards and a career-high 12 touchdowns.
Decker entered the NFL as a third-round pick out of Minnesota in 2010 with the Broncos. He put up stellar numbers when Peyton Manning was his quarterback, catching 172 receptions for 2,352 yards and 24 touchdowns from 2012-2013.
During the 2014 offseason, Decker left Denver to sign with New York. He had two big seasons from 2014-2015 but was healthy for only three games in 2016. Decker was placed on injured reserve with a shoulder injury last October.
The Titans have witnessed firsthand what Decker is capable of. In five career games against Tennessee, Decker owns 29 catches for 339 yards and two touchdowns.
America's gun problem a multi-faceted, undefinable one
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
Tragedy happens everywhere, that comes to the surprise of no one. What may be surprising is that over one percent of all deaths in America come at the hands of firearms, per the National Research Council; shockingly, mass-shootings make up a small fraction of those deaths.
What constitutes a mass shooting? Depending on your source, the answer could be radically different. Mother Jones magazine cites the recent Las Vegas Massacre as the seventh mass shooting in the United States this year, while the mass shooting tracker database lists it as the 337th mass shooting of the year. What gives for the difference? In 2013, Congress defined a mass shooting as “a murder of three or more people.” The reported numbers of shooting mostly differ because some sources cite “three or more injuries, not deaths” as a mass-shooting. While there may be slight variations on this definition, the number of people killed never drops below three for anybody's definition. The disturbing fact is that there have been more than 337 instances of three or murders of people in America so far this year, and that number only makes up a fraction of total gun-related deaths.
A CDC report in 2013 showed that there were 33,636 deaths in America related to firearms. Among those, a staggering 21,175 were suicides. The vast majority of deaths left from guns come from homicides, being 11,208 in number (CDC). Among those homicides, a minuscule 288 deaths came from mass shootings. If mass shootings aren't the primary problem, why do they garner substantial media attention?
Media sensationalization is definitely partially to blame. While it would be nearly impossible to cover every one of the over 33,000 deaths, the media does a poor job at displaying the big picture of gun deaths. I have never once seen a news story about alarming amounts of suicide rates, but I see stories almost every day about mass shootings. No death from these events is unimportant, but if there is around-the-clock coverage for 288 yearly deaths, the other 33,348 deserve the same treatment.
It is no secret that the United States has a less-than-stellar history with gun violence. America houses only 4.4 percent of the globe's population, but 42 percent of the world's citizen-owned guns (UNDOC). America also has the highest gun death rate of any developed country by a gigantic margin (29.7 per one million people, Sweden is second with 7.7 per million). This phenomenon is not exclusive to the United States. Across the board, the more citizen-owned guns that a country has, the more deaths by firearms they also have (Tewksbury). The aforementioned Mother Jones database confirms that this is also the case with U.S. states; the states with the highest firearm-ownership levels are the ones with the most deaths from those firearms.
The United States greatly lacks gun control. In states that have regulatory measures to protect children from gun violence, all but one (Nevada) are in the bottom half of gun deaths (Martin Prosperity Institute).
The main problem with regulating guns in the United States is that supporters of gun ownership are so obsequious to organizations like the NRA and those that support it that they could never be convinced that regulation would ever reduce gun deaths.
Australia has something to say about that. In the 1990s, Australia was, like America now, in the midst of a huge gun control problem. Almost three people per 100,000 were dying due to gun-related suicides. To curb this Australia introduced a nationwide gun buyback program in 1996. This included limiting the purchase of semi-automatic rifles and shotguns, and later included regulations to magazine size, barrel length and caliber. After that law was passed, citizens were given time to sell their now-prohibited guns back to the national government. 640,000 prohibited guns were sold back, and 60,o00 were sold back voluntarily. In just one year, gun suicides per 100,000 residents fell to just one; today it sits barely above 0.5 (Kiely).
Despite another first-world country experiencing success so recently with their gun problem, many uncompromising individuals will always say “There is no way to prevent this.” There is a way to prevent this, it starts in small steps. I'm from a small town that definitely loves their hunting, and I know absolutely zero hunters who require 60 bullet clips and semi-automatic rifles to get the job done.
America has been riding the second amendment for 219 years, and I think it's time we stop riding it so blindly. This one-sentence amendment was written by men who only knew firearms that could fire once per minute. Firearms in 2017 can shoot at more than 300 times that.
1.4 million people have met their end of the line due to firearms in America between 1968 and 2011. For the sake of them, the sake of the 59 dead from Las Vegas, and the sake of everyone in the future, the time to act is right now.
After besting the UQAM on Friday, the Gees pulled off a big win against the first-place Montréal Carabins. Photo: Marta Kierkus.
Gees treat fans to thrilling victory in final home game of regular season
After pulling off an impressive 3–0 victory against the Université du Québec à Montréal Citadins on Feb. 10, the University of Ottawa women's volleyball team geared up for their final home game of the regular season the very next day.
The Gees fans were out in full force as they took on the first-place Université de Montréal Carabins, and the home team did not disappoint.
As has been the case a number of times this season, the Gees got off to a slow start, going down 16–5 in the first set. They did their best to come back, but still lost the set 25–17.
The second set didn't start out much better, with the Carabins taking a 17–8 lead. But the Gees demonstrated a no-quit attitude that has become a trademark of the team, and fought back to win the set 25–22.
Carrying that momentum into the third, the Gees totally outplayed the Carabins, easily downing them 25–15.
🏐 Kaly Soro is on 🔥 tonight with 9 kills through 3 sets pic.twitter.com/a4WURWghSN — uOttawa Gee-Gees (@uOttawaGeeGees) February 12, 2017
Montréal was determined not to go down without a fight in the fourth set, and played the U of O close the entire frame. However, the Gees eventually came out on top, winning the fourth set 25–23.
After the game, head coach Lionel Woods praised his team's character in coming back to win the entire match.
“To start the way they did, most teams would have packed up tents and gone home the way that first set went. We made adjustments on what it was that was causing that, and it took them two sets to trust us to do it. They did it, they bought in, they had the right attitude again, and we (won).”
Fifth-year setter Kira Tome credited the Gees' ability to come back in the second set to their “team-first mentality.”
“In the first set we just decided we can either look down and just give in to the game and let them beat us, or we can fight back,” said Tome. “We knew we came down from a lot and really fought back. So I think we were feeling good going into the second set knowing that we can play together and we continued that atmosphere all the way through.”
Despite the point difference in the standings (Montréal has 26 points to Ottawa's 18), Woods thought his team showed that they are more than capable of competing with the Carabins.
“We can play toe-to-toe with them, as long as we're putting our first contact somewhere in the circle to play with.”
Tome said the focus going into the final two games of the regular season will be on continuing to grow together as a team.
“We'll have to maybe adjust some things, but most of all (we want to focus on) just being together and enjoying it and having fun and keeping that atmosphere even when we're down five, ten points.”
The Gees now sit in a four-way tie for second in the Réseau du sport étudiant du Québec with 18 points. They have a double-header against Laval next weekend to close out the regular season.
The Gees' final two regular-season games will take place in Laval on Feb. 18 and 19. The playoffs are scheduled to start on Feb. 24.
WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland is seeing a resurgence of anti-Semitism over pending legislation that would impose jail terms for suggestions that the nation was complicit in the Holocaust, local minority groups warned, as pressure mounts on the president to veto the bill.
Parliament passed the measure on Thursday, drawing outrage from Israel, U.S. criticism and condemnation from a number of international organisations. President Andrzej Duda has 21 days to decide whether to sign it into law.
The bill would impose prison sentences of up to three years for mentioning the term “Polish death camps” and for suggesting “publicly and against the facts” complicity on the part of the Polish nation or state in Nazi Germany's crimes.
More than three million of Poland's 3.2 million Jews were murdered by the Nazis, accounting for about half of the Jews killed in the Holocaust. Jews from across Europe were sent to be killed at death camps built and operated by the Germans on Polish soil, including Auschwitz, Treblinka, Belzec and Sobibor.
According to figures from the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum, the Nazis also killed at least 1.9 million non-Jewish Polish civilians.
In a rare show of unity, Polish minority and ethnic groups, including Jewish, Ukrainian and Russian, urged Duda and other authorities to counteract all forms of xenophobia, intolerance and anti-Semitism, although they did not directly call on the president to veto the bill.
“Our particular concern and objection is caused by the numerous and loud manifestations of anti-Semitism that we have been witnessing this week after the (parliament) passed (the Holocaust bill),” the groups said in statement.
GERMAN DEATH CAMPS
Poland, which has gone through a painful public debate in recent years after the publication of research showing some Poles participated in the Nazi atrocities, has long sought to discourage use of the term “Polish camps” to refer to Nazi camps on its territory, arguing that the phrase implies complicity.
On Saturday, German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said the use of the phrase “Polish death camps” was wrong.
“There is not the slightest doubt as to who was responsible for the extermination camps, operated them and murdered millions of European Jews there: namely Germans,” Gabriel said in a statement.
Israeli officials said the legislation criminalises basic historical facts. The country's foreign ministry said on Thursday that Israel “adamantly opposes” the bill's approval as a whole.
The Israeli embassy in Warsaw said late on Friday that Israel does not oppose Poland's fight for assuring the phrase “Polish death camps” is never used.
“We would like to use this opportunity to repeat that Israel stands with Poland in using the proper term for the death camps - German Nazi camps,” the embassy said in its statement.
The embassy also said that it has received “a wave of anti-Semitic statements” in the past week.
Poland is one of the most ethnically and religiously homogenous countries in Europe, but before World War Two Jews made up 10 percent of the population and the country also had large Ukrainian, German, Belarussian and other minorities.
Poland's ruling party, the socially conservative PiS, has reignited debate on the Holocaust as part of a campaign to fuel patriotism since sweeping into power in 2015.
The party says the bill is needed to protect Poland's reputation and ensure historians recognise that Poles as well as Jews were victims of the Nazis.
Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the chairman of the PiS and de facto the country's leader, told the public radio Jedynka on Saturday that Poland rejects “anti-Semitism very radically”.
“But we are also a sovereign state and we have a duty to start, because this is only the beginning, the fight against ... this great defamatory campaign against Poland, namely, insulting Poland, blaming us for someone else's actions.”
FREE SPEECH
Critics of the bill have raised concerns it will curb free speech and could potentially be used against Holocaust survivors or historians.
A U.S. congressional task force on combating anti-Semitism and a number of Jewish groups urged Duda to veto the bill.
The International Auschwitz Council, an advisory body to the office of the Polish prime minister, Mateusz Morawiecki, said on Friday the bill's imprecision raised “legitimate concerns about restricting freedom in discovering the truth about the Holocaust”.
Duda has not said whether he will sign the bill, but his spokesman told the Polish state radio Trojka: “The president believes that Poland, as any other country, has the right to defend its good name ... has the right to defend the truth”.
Kaczynski said that Duda should sign the law.
“We must talk to our allies in a way that would allow them to understand that we have no intention of renouncing our dignity,” he said.
Sumter throttles West Florence, 44-6
FLORENCE, S.C. (WOLO ) — Sumter cruised to a 44-6 win over West Florence on the road Friday night.
The Fighting Gamecocks are 6-1 this season, with their only loss to Spring Valley.
MARSEILLE, France (Reuters) - Two French military helicopters belonging to an army flight training school crashed in the southeastern Var region on Friday, causing deaths, the local prefecture said.
A security source and an official from the local authority said five people were killed in the accident.
There were no immediate details on what caused the crash.
GENEVA (Reuters) - The Syrian government's delegation returned to Geneva on Sunday for the resumption of talks with United Nations mediator Staffan de Mistura after more than a week's absence, but Western diplomats voiced scepticism about its willingness to engage.
United Nations Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura (2R) sits opposite to Syria's U.N. ambassador and chief negotiator Bashar al-Ja'afari during a meeting of the Intra Syria talks in Geneva, Switzerland December 1, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
Bashar al-Ja‘afari, Syria's ambassador to the U.N. and chief negotiator in talks aimed at finding a political solution to end the nearly seven-year-old war, landed in a snowstorm on a flight from Beirut, a Reuters reporter on board said. Ja‘afari declined to comment.
De Mistura convened an eighth round of separate talks with the government and unified opposition delegations on Nov. 28, focusing on constitutional reform as well as elections.
But Ja‘afari arrived a day late and left after two days, saying the opposition had “mined the road” to the talks by insisting that President Bashar al-Assad could not play any interim role in Syria's political transition.
De Mistura told reporters last Thursday that he would assess this week whether either side is trying to “sabotage” the process.
“The opposition has been extremely constructive and willing to get down to it,” a senior Western diplomat said. “They are in a difficult place while being criticised internally and pressured by the fact that the regime is bombing away in eastern Ghouta and other places.”
The diplomat told Reuters that the government's failure to return as scheduled on Dec. 5 had been “a clear sign of not being interested in engaging in the political process”.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has suggested holding a Syrian congress in the Russian city of Sochi early in 2018. Diplomats see his plan as a bid to draw a line under the war and celebrate Moscow's role as the power that tipped the balance of the war and became the key player in the peace process.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
BOSTON — Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski says he is returning for his ninth NFL season.
Gronkowski made the announcement in a post on Instagram Tuesday . Gronkowski said he met with coach Bill Belichick to inform him of his intention to return, adding he's "been working out, staying in shape and feel great."
Gronk previously hinted at considering retirement following New England's Super Bowl loss to the Eagles in February.
He appeared in 14 games during the 2017 season and led the team in receiving with 69 catches for 1,084 yards and eight touchdowns.
The Kansas City Royals have agreed to a minor league deal with free agent right-hander Clay Buchholz, USA Today Sports reports.
The deal reportedly would pay Buchholz $1.5 million, with $250,000 in incentives, if he is added to the major league roster.
He can opt out of the deal if he is not promoted by May 1.
Buchholz, 33, appeared in just two games in 2017 in his lone season with the Philadelphia Phillies because of shoulder surgery.
He was a two-time All-Star in 10 seasons with the Boston Red Sox prior to signing with the Phillies. His best season was 2010, when he went 17-7 with a 2.33 ERA in 28 starts.
Volunteers Needed For MDNR Stewardship Workdays
July 4, 2018
The Michigan Department of Natural Resources is putting out the call for stewardship volunteers in the coming weeks at state parks.
The DNR is always looking for dedicated volunteers to help restore and maintain fragile, native ecosystems in more than twenty state parks across southern Michigan. Volunteer stewardship workdays are taking place at a handful of state parks throughout July. Volunteers will pull invasive plants like spotted knapweed and sweet clover from prairies and dunes. They'll also cut invasive shrubs like honeysuckle and buckthorn from wet mesic flatwoods to restore balance to high-quality natural areas.
Locally, workdays are planned at the Island lake State Recreation Area on Saturday, July 7th and 21st; the Brighton Recreation Area on Sunday, July 8th and 22nd; the Pinckney Recreation Area on Saturday, July 28th and at the Highland Recreation Area, also on July 28th. More information about the volunteer stewardship workdays is available through the link. (JM)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - ESA Co Ltd :
* Says it lowered conversion price of 7th series convertible bonds to 3,377 won/share from 3,435 won/share, effective Feb. 1
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/5EeMk4
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Lisa Holtz shows a sample of the new Cleveland Central Wolves band jacket.
Cleveland School District financial manager Lisa Holtz show recently showed the board of trustees a sample of the Cleveland Central Wolves band uniform that was proposed by the band directors.
Holtz said, "One of the things we have been working on very intensely because of the time frame for the last three weeks is getting uniforms, cheerleaders, yearbooks and getting branding off the ground."
Holtz said the purchase order for all football equipment and uniforms went out on Thursday.
She said the black, purple, and silver band uniforms are scheduled to come in very soon.
Holtz explained the silver on the uniform jacket is a 'C' that represents the new name, Cleveland Central.
She said, "I think these are a very pretty looking.
"We will start working on four or five other sports that we can get a quote at one time. They have a list of sports that we are going to break it down into several quotes," said Holtz.
Holtz mentioned that once the cheerleaders are chosen they will begin working on that as well.
ISLAMABAD, June 15 (APP): First ten-day exhibition of handicrafts made by Benazir Income Support Programme (BISP) beneficiaries and its E-Commerce would be held here at Lok Virsa on June 19.
The exhibition would be held in collaboration with Lok Virsa -National Institute of Folk and Traditional Heritage and TCS.
Minister of State and Chairperson, BISP, MNA, Marvi Memon is sceduled to inaugurate the ten-day exhibition.
“BISP E-Commerce” is a unique initiative of BISP to bring entrepreneurial potential in its beneficiaries by marketing their products, so that they may graduate out of poverty.
The products of beneficiaries, available online, provide international recognition to the traditional handicrafts.
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - Jason Day began the day in the final threesome, two strokes off the lead, and had the usual ups and downs on Saturday before his
quadruple-bogey at the Quail Hollow gauntlet known as the 'Green Mile'.
Day began the stretch at the par-four 16th with his third successive birdie to reach five-under but danger was just around the corner. The Australian bogeyed the par-three 17th and finished with a nightmare quadruple-bogey eight.
That adventure started with a wayward drive that took him into the trees, leading to two horrendous shots and a penalty stroke, a weak escape from choking rough, a weak chip and two putts.
Day lost five shots over the two holes and finished seven off the pace.
"He played good coming in and then gave it all away, so that's tough," said playing companion Kevin Kisner.
A shell-shocked Day, usually accomodating with the media, walked off hand-in-hand with wife Ellie without taking questions.
Tournament leader Kisner was not unscathed, either.
Sailing along with a two-shot lead, Kisner pulled a shot into the water at the 16th and had his bogey-putt spin out of the hole for a double. At 18, he bounced an approach off a stone bridge that saved him from another splash but sent him into deep rough and a bogey.
That slight reprieve allowed him to cling to a one-shot lead over Hideki Matsuyama and fellow American Chris Stroud going into Sunday's final round.
Entire threesomes fell victim to the 18th.
Jordan Spieth, who came to Quail Hollow looking to complete a career grand slam of majors, England's Tommy Fleetwood and veteran Vijay Singh all double-bogeyed the last.
Spaniard Jon Rahm and playing partner Steve Stricker doubled as well. As did Paul Casey, whose two-under for the tournament turned into even-par.
Australian Adam Scott joined the double-bogey brigade as one of 12 scores at the 18th of double-bogey or worse.
Not everyone was left cursing the 18th, with first-round leader Thorbjorn Olesen (three-over) and Patrick Cantley (two-over) both signing off with birdies.
Feb 2(Reuters) - Hubei Feilihua Quartz Glass Co Ltd
* Says it was recognized as high-tech enterprise, and to enjoy a tax preference of 15 percent for three years from 2017
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/5szYdb
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
CAIRO, Aug 13 (Reuters) - An Egyptian prosecutor has ordered the detention of the train drivers and their assistants involved in the fatal collision in Alexandria on Friday, state news agency MENA said.
At least 41 people were killed and 133 injured, the health ministry said, when two trains collided in the coastal city on Friday, the latest in a string of crashes have inflamed public anger over an antiquated transport network.
Egyptians have long complained that successive governments failed to enforce basic safeguards for railways.
A witness said the trains rose into the air "forming a pyramid" as they slammed into each other just outside a suburban station in the Mediterranean port city.
The prosecutor ordered two train drivers and two assistants be held for 15 days and released several other railway employees, MENA said. Blood and urine samples were taken from one driver to check for drug use.
President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has ordered an inquiry into the crash. (Reporting by Ahmed Tolba; Writing by Arwa Gaballa; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
ENGLEWOOD — Civica, a leading supplier of critical software applications, digital solutions and managed services that help transform the way organizations work, has announced the appointment of Arvind Kohli to the position of Finance Director for their US Business Unit, Civica CMI.
Kohli brings a wealth of education and experience to Civica. His education includes earning his CPA, CMA certification from CPA Ontario, as well as an Honours Bachelor of Commerce from the University of Windsor.
Kohli will direct the financial initiatives for Civica's US Local Government business operations, which serves over 500 municipal and public-sector organizations. Prior to joining Civica, Kohli worked for multiple Fortune 500 companies providing finance and accounting support to the leadership teams and working to increase profit.
His past success in reporting, leadership, and effective financial management made him a natural choice for the position at Civica. The Managing Director of Civica's US business unit, Lin Malott, said, “Arvind is going to be an integral part of our leadership team moving forward and we are thrilled to have him on board”.
Upon accepting his new assignment, Arvind stated, “I am very excited to join Civica. Given the products, relationships, local team and parent support – there is tremendous potential for the US business. I am looking forward to working with this team to achieve great successes.”
Civica (www.civica.com) is a market leader in business-critical software, digital solutions and managed services for organizations around the world helping transform the way organizations work. Drawing on a unique combination of people, technology and business process expertise, Civica supports more than 3,000 major organizations globally with offices in the UK, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, India, Singapore and the USA.
Kohli http://www.englewoodindependent.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/26/2018/03/web1_ArvindKohli.jpg Kohli
Staff Report
Reach Civica at (937) 836-4499.
Reach Civica at (937) 836-4499.
8 SEO Tests to Help Boost Your Website's Rank
When you need to increase your website's rank on Google, nothing will stop you from doing everything that you know will help in your pursuit. SEO is naturally the most widely believed route of increasing passive traffic generation. But as Neil Patel advocates, you've got to be a bit adventurous in your efforts, including trying out the unconventional experiments.
Out of that undying spirit of success, you might discover some tactics that work and others that don't, after all, everyone's testimony will be different. After all, when it comes to SEO strategies and trying them out, consistency is the keyword.
Are you aware of the best way of running a successful SEO test?
By running your SEO trials consistently and tracking their results, you will determine which one works for your business and the others that don't. But first, don't test the depth of the river with both feet.
SEO experts recommend that you don't dive into testing every bit of your website, right from the Meta descriptions and title tags to its keywords and guest posting. Instead, do it as if it were a scientific test whereby you do the experiments cautiously, skillfully and over a specific period.
Don't run a shoddy, amateurish test!
A comprehensive and conclusive A/B test must have the following six factors, but of course, don't forget to memorize (or reference) the testing method used.
Formulate a question of the whole experiment.
Come up with some hypothesis – what you expect to happen.
Remove any variables and run the tests.
Collect the data.
Analyze the data collected.
Finally, report the results.
Why A/B Test?
A/B style of testing is a better method than the tiring and eccentric technique of measuring the results over a specific period, say monthly, and then comparing the two. This method also allows you to formulate real and practical assumptions and determine whether they could be affecting your rankings. Eventually, from the contrasting outcomes, you will accurately determine whether the test is bearing the fruits you'd love to see.
You ready to roll out your adventurous SEO spirit?
Test #1: Determine the impact of nofollow links
Several websites allege to have experienced remarkable results from nofollow backlinks, both concerning traffic and rankings. And unless you give this a shot, there's no way you'll tell if they work. If you've got the energy to test this, use the Chrome extension, NoFollow.
Test #2: impact of social signals
Social media can turn your modest startup into a huge business overnight. From reaching new audiences to driving sales, traffic and killing off competition, this tool is the ultimate weapon. But since the link between social media and SEO is blurred, especially when it touches on SEO rankings, maybe you should set off and give it a trial.
Test #3: Experiment different keywords
Perhaps you've seen some keywords receiving a thousand searches every month and others receiving a paltry hundred or less. In the spirit of knowing those which can supercharge the SEO ranking of your website, go on a road trip with the aim of discovering the hidden gems of keywords.
Test #4: your website's AMP
Google recently unleashed AMP websites, and it's expected to launch mobile-first indexing later in 2018. If Google is prioritizing ranking mobile-friendly pages, then you should try to see if you'll be among the first to benefit. Just come up with an AMP version of your website to correspond with your conventional site and observe which ones fair well.
Test #5: impact of low load speed
Now is the right time to test your load speed again. Google seemingly uses it to rank websites, and maybe the speed of your site is pathetic. Use Pingdom or any other credible resource.
Test #6: how creating compelling title tags and Meta descriptions can help
The general assumption out there is that compelling headings and Meta descriptions are crucial to increasing traffic. But what if you give it a go and determine the exact impact it has on the number of clicks your website will have? Spend a day or a night and monitor the results to see if your new tricks worked.
Test #7: impact of LSE keywords
After doing your keyword analysis and determining the best keywords, do an A/B test of the LSE keywords vis-à-vis your analyzed keywords.
Test #8: impact of updating old content
Get back to your old posts, perform a few tweaks and wait for Google to do its analysis.
Conclusion
There is no one, the best way to get your website ranked. You need to test things out to see what works for your business website. Stick to an A/B test since it's the universal way of running marketing experiments. Also, don't skip the steps if you'd like to get the most out of your experiment.
Happy testing!
So, you know what you want to discuss, you've pinned down your list of attendees, and the meeting room is booked.
But in an often fragmented workplace, where various departments have varying opinions and goals, it can be challenging to get everyone on the same page and make strategy meetings productive.
What's more, it can be even more challenging to make sure your objectives are seen through once the meeting has run its course.
Luckily, there are a few steps we can take to make sure we get the best outcome possible, through active participation from all parties.
1. Allow everyone time for preparation
Strategy sessions require an interplay between a structured agenda and original, spontaneous ideas. By sharing your main discussion topics a week before the meeting, you can allow all attendees to suggest additional points and think through those you have proposed.
Furthermore, you can communicate in advance to all attendees where their participation is required. This helps shape the attendee list too, as it provides time to consider whose attendance is vital to the desired outcome of the session.
One helpful idea from Daniel Kahneman's ‘Thinking, Fast and Slow' is to ask all attendees to write their thoughts down prior to the meeting. This could be their opinion on a proposal, their ideas for a content marketing campaign, or even some difficulties they foresee for the coming year. This provides insight into what people really think going into the session, and makes for a useful reference point once the meeting has run its course.
2. State your purpose
Meetings are notorious time drains, so it is important to make sure you have a clear reason for holding yours, and some anticipated outcomes. This should be stated prior to the meeting, but also at the session's outset. Establish your ground rules and be specific on the framework.
Open this up to the floor, too. One way to do this is to pose the simple question: What would make this a successful meeting for you?
Note the responses to this question, as this allows you to bookend the meeting quite neatly. At the meeting's close, return to your agreed objectives and go round the room to ask if everyone feels their aims have been met. This makes it easier to set up subsequent sessions too, if an important topic requires further discussion.
3. Know when to take a back seat – and listen
The temptation for those of us on the agency side of the table can be to run the meeting at all costs. That's what we're paid for, after all.
However, there is a lot of validity in ceding the floor to the client, whose business we are ultimately there to assist. This isn't a dereliction of duty from the agency; it is a good way to hear invaluable information from a reliable source. Just be sure to listen, ask questions, and incorporate the information into your plans.
Don't be afraid to separate the meeting into smaller working groups either, some of which exclusively contain employees from the client's business. Creating these sub-teams can allow new ideas to arise through conversation – whether the agency team is there to add strategic input or not.
4. Facilitate, don't dominate
When planning a quarterly strategy, for example, there will likely be a wide range of stakeholders in the room, all with informed opinions to share. The facilitator of the meeting is charged with extracting this information, ensuring that everyone has their say, and also synthesizing these viewpoints into a cohesive plan.
Go through your agenda and highlight the areas that you know require discussion in this particular meeting. It may be the only chance you will get to speak to these attendees at once; or there may be a shelf-life on an idea, for example.
Manage your time effectively and, should the meeting dwell too long less important points, bring the conversation back to the agreed agenda.
One person dominating the meeting is rarely to the benefit of the session's purpose. As such, it is essential to know when to probe further into relevant topics and when to divert the conversation back to the main focal point of the session – but be courteous, of course.
5. Make the familiar strange
All attendees will most likely know the client's business inside out, and they will be experts in their respective fields. But sometimes, familiarity breeds contentment, and a hampered ability to see new possibilities.
This is where the concept of making the familiar strange can be vital in bringing new ideas to bear. Asking seemingly disparate teams to work together on a task can encourage different departments to pose questions they might not otherwise ask. It is often from these interactions that we can gain new perspectives.
It can also be helpful to introduce some outside market research, taken from consumers who have never heard of the brand in question.
When working with a company every day, one's horizons can become narrowed; hearing an outside opinion can be a helpful reminder that opinions beyond the meeting room are often rather different to those inside it.
6. Close the meeting with clarity
It can be surprising just how often people leave meetings with differing – at times opposing – ideas of what has just happened.
So make sure to share your summary before the meeting runs its course, and go back round the room to ask if everyone's objectives have been met.
If you asked everyone to write down their opinions in advance of the meeting, use this as a reference point to see how opinions have changed.
Have people changed their mind during the meeting? If so, why? This is often a positive, if it shows that the meeting's discussions have led to new concepts and ideas. If they have all stayed the same, perhaps an adequate forum for free, challenging discussion has not been created.
Either way, it is essential to wrap up the meeting with a clear summary and a list of actions – suggesting follow-up sessions where needed.
7. Foster collaboration in the subsequent weeks & months
It can be all too easy to let all the positives from a great meeting slip away once everyone leaves the room.
That's why it is essential to follow up within 24 hours with a list of notes, action points and responsible parties.
But it is equally important to keep the conversation going. Try setting up monthly check-in meetings to ensure that everyone is on track with their actions and has a forum to share any challenges. Set measurable objectives so that, at your next strategy meeting, you can assess the effectiveness of the previous one and make changes where necessary.
Hopefully the above will serve as a useful guide next time you are planning a client strategy session. Oh and one more tip: no laptops.
Published:
Share This
The attention of Federal Road Safety Corps has been drawn to media statement about a fatal road crash, where eighteen passengers were reported to have died. The crash actually led to the death of seven people and occurred on Sunday along Lagos- Ibadan expressway at SANCRETE at about 1650hrs.The crash involved a Ford explorer SUV with Registration number KJA 278DS and Mazda E2200 Bus(BDG 873 XU). Nineteen people where involved in the crash, (11 male adult, 7 female adult and 1 male child). The crash claimed seven lives, ( 3 male adult, 3 female adult and 1 child) and twelve persons sustained various degrees of injuries.The dead were deposited at FOS ISHARA and the injured victims taken to Idera hospital at Sagamu by the men of Federal Road safety Corps. The crash was a result of suspected tyre burst and speeding.The crash occurred at Sancrete within the portion of the road where RCC, the construction company rehabilitating the road diverted traffic on the five kilometers stretch of road from Sanceret to Fidiwo to enable them rehabilitate the weakened bridges which necessitated the diversion of traffic, since December 2017.A hospital follow-up visit, in line with WHO thirty-day rule, by the FRSC team led by the Ogun State Sector Commander, Corps Commander Clement Oladele to Idera hospital Sagamu where some of the victims are currently receiving treatment.Nine of the victims taken to Idera hospital are responding to treatment and one, Titilayo Eboluwa has been discharged. The remaining patients at Idera hospital Sagamu are1.ISMAIL OPEYEMI2.IYABO MORUF3.MISS.PRECIOUS4.MUTIU RAHMON5.WASIU GANIYU6.AJIBOLA OLADIPUPO7.KHADIJAT QADRI and Mr FRANCIS who confirmed that his bus driver was speeding and suddenly the tyre burst, which made the vehicle to veered off and eventually collided with the Ford Explorer travelling in opposite direction as all traffic were diverted to one section by the construction company.Preliminary investigation by the FRSC accident investigation team revealed that the burst tyre of the commercial bus had expired and the bus was not fitted with speed limiting device at the time of the crash.In addition there was no record of drivers license and passengers manifest in the commercial bus .The tyre examination of the two vehicles are as follows. FORD EXPLORER. Front left was manufactured week 35 of year 2017 (3517) RADAR . Front right (4011) MICHELIN. Rear left (3211) BRIDGESTONE. Rear right (3215) RADAR. The Mazda Bus tyre is front left (3917) TORQUE. Front right (4017) TORQUE. Rear left (turn inside out) MICHELINE. Rear right (turn inside out) MICHELINE.Signed: Route Commander Florence Okpe, Public Education Officer, Federal Road Safety Corps Ogun State Command for Sector Commander, FRSC Ogun State Command
Islamabad
Honey Bees that are adapted to the local environment fare better at meeting challenges than bees purchased from a different home area, researchers have found. Scientists came to the conclusion after studying the genes of honey bees and their interaction with the environment.” It is very clear that the local bees fare better than imported ones and that they live longer,” said Per Kryger from the Aarhus University, Denmark. Colonies with queens from the local environment lived on average 83 days more than colonies with queens from foreign areas, Science Daily reported. “Our results indicate that the way forward is to strengthen the breeding programmes with local honey bees instead of imported queens. That would help maintain the bee population's natural diversity,” explained Per Kryger. Bees are one of the most important insects for humans, producing honey and pollinating our crops.The numbers of bees are under pressure from pesticides, germs and environmental changes the world over and when bees in a colony die, many bee-keepers believe that it is best to buy queens from outside.—APP
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov met North Korean leader Kim Jong-un during a visit to Pyongyang on Thursday, Russian news agencies reported citing a delegation source.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un meets with South Korean President Moon Jae-in (not pictured) during their summit at the truce village of Panmunjom, North Korea, in this handout picture released by North Korea's Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) on May 27, 2018. KCNA/via REUTERS
Lavrov travelled to North Korea on Thursday and was due to hold talks with counterpart Ri Yong Ho about the situation on the Korean peninsula.
Lavrov's trip is taking place ahead of a possible summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and the North Korean leader next month.
HAVANA (Reuters) - The eldest son of late Cuban revolutionary leader Fidel Castro, Fidel Castro Diaz-Balart, committed suicide on Thursday aged 68 after being treated for months for depression, Cuban state-run media reported.
The nuclear scientist, also known as “Fidelito”, or Little Fidel, because of how much he looked like his father, had initially been hospitalized and then continued treatment as an outpatient.
“Castro Diaz-Balart, who had been attended by a group of doctors for several months due to a state of profound depression, committed suicide this morning,” Cubadebate website said.
Fidelito, who had the highest public profile of all Castro's children, was born in 1949 out of his brief marriage to Mirta Diaz-Balart before he went on to topple a U.S.-backed dictator and build a communist-run state on the doorstep of the United States during the Cold War.
Through his mother, Castro Diaz-Balart was the cousin of some of Castro's most bitter enemies in the Cuban American exile community, U.S. Representative Mario Diaz-Balart and former U.S. congressman Lincoln Diaz-Balart.
He was also the subject of a dramatic custody dispute between the two families as a child.
Cuba scholars say his mother took him with her to the United States when he was aged five after announcing she wanted a divorce from Castro, while he was imprisoned for an attack on the Moncada military barracks in Santiago.
Castro was able to bring Fidelito back to Cuba after the 1959 revolution.
A multilingual nuclear physicist who studied in the former Soviet Union, Castro Diaz-Balart was head of Cuba's national nuclear programme from 1980 to 1992, and spearheaded the development of a nuclear plant on the Caribbean's largest island until his father fired him.
FILE PHOTO: Fidel Castro Diaz-Balart, son of Cuba's President Fidel Castro, talks to Argentine human right activist and member of the Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo group Hebe de Bonafini during the inauguration of the International Book Fair in Havana February 8, 2007. REUTERS/Claudia Daut/File Photo
Cuba halted its plant plans that same year because of a lack of funding after the collapse of Cuba's trade and aid ties with the ex-Soviet bloc and he largely disappeared from public view appearing at the occasional scientific conference or diplomatic event.
Fidelito had been working for his uncle President Raul Castro as a scientific counselor to the Cuban Council of State and Vice-president of the Cuban Academy of Sciences at the time of his death.
A former British ambassador to Cuba, Paul Hare, who lectures at Boston University's Pardee School of Global Studies, said Castro Diaz-Balart had seemed “thoughtful, rather curious about the world beyond Cuba” at a dinner in Boston two years ago.
Slideshow (2 Images)
“But he seemed a bit weary about having to be a Castro, rather than himself,” Hare said.
Jonathan Benjamin-Alvarado, a Cuba expert at the University of Nebraska in Omaha, said Fidelito had provided him with invaluable help in the 1990s while he was writing a book on Cuba's nuclear program.
In 2000 they met again at a conference in Moscow and Fidelito worked “the room full of international nonproliferation experts, diplomats and journalists with aplomb, speaking no less than four languages -Spanish, English, Russian and French.”
Benjamin-Alvarado said he suspected Fidelito's title as scientific advisor was largely ceremonial as his views on energy development were not incorporated into national policies.
“He had written extensively on Cuba's need for developing renewable energy resources,” Benjamin-Alvarado said. “And yet almost all efforts by the Cuban government were geared to maintaining the status quo of oil dependency.”
“I imagine that was disappointing for him.”
Fidelito's death came just over a year after that of his father on Nov. 25, 2016, aged 90.
PanARMENIAN.Net - The doctors of FC Ararat Moscow saved a passenger's life on board a plane while traveling to Yerevan from the Russian capital, the press service of the club reports.
One of the passengers experienced a hypertensive crisis during the flight, however the timely intervention of the club's doctor and the massage therapists saved the life of a man.
The team have arrived in Yerevan for a final gathering. The club have already conducted training.
Feb 2(Reuters) - Toly Bread Co Ltd
* Says it plans to invest 8 million yuan to set up a Haikou-based wholly owned unit, which will be mainly engaged in prepackaged food, agricultural by-product related business
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/F8MXgF
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Jeanette (Dechant) Misegadis, age 71, of Peyton, Colorado formerly of Hays, passed away Saturday, February 11, 2017, in Colorado Springs, CO. She was born April 8, 1945, in Hays, Kansas to Cornel and Ursula (Legleiter) Dechant. She graduated in 1963, from Schoenchen High and attended Beauty School in Hays. The following year, she married Melvin J. Gabel and shortly thereafter opened her own beauty salon, Fashion Flair in Hays which she operated for over 10 years. She was a homemaker, loving mother and grandmother, and a member of Immaculate Heart of Mary Parish for many years. Later, she worked for Wal-Mart in Garden City, KS and Phoenix, AZ.
On April 26, 2011, she married Dennis Misegadis in Colorado Springs, CO.
She enjoyed dancing, music, crafting and gardening. She loved the mountains, car races, and rescuing animals.
She is survived by her husband, Dennis of Peyton, Colorado; her three children from her first marriage to Melvin J. Gabel of Salina, KS; Ursula Gabel Baird and husband Kevin, Los Angeles, CA, Cory Gabel and wife Donna, and grandchildren Kiera and Max, Simsbury, CT, Jessica Gabel Cino and husband Ryan, Atlanta, GA; siblings, Virgil Dechant and wife Ann, Leawood, KS, Harry E. Dechant, Hays, Peggy Norris, Russell, Rosie Giesick, WaKeeney.
She was preceded in death by her parents; three brothers, Emerald, LaVerne and Donnie Dechant and four sisters, Bernice Shaffer, Annie Meder, Delores Dechant and Carol Werth.
Funeral services will be 10 AM Saturday, February 18, 2017, at Immaculate Heart of Mary Church in Hays. Burial will follow in St. Joseph's Cemetery.
Visitation will be Friday, February 17, 2017, 4 PM – 8 PM with a combined parish vigil service and rosary at 7 PM all at Brock's-Keithley Funeral Chapel and Crematory 2509 Vine Hays, KS 67601.
Memorial contributions are suggested to the Padre Pio Foundation of America http://www.padrepio.com/ or the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (ASPCA) in her name https://secure.aspca.org/team/jeanette-memorial-campaign.
Condolences may be left by guestbook at www.keithleyfuneralchapels.com or by email at www.keithleyfuneralhomes@gmail.com
Rep. Rick Crawford Of House Intelligence Committee Discusses Decision To Release Memo NPR's Mary Louise Kelly talks to Rep. Rick Crawford, R-Ark., of the House Intelligence Committee about the decision to release the memo authored by Devin Nunes on the beginnings of the Russia investigation.
Avoid. Deny. DEFEND.
Quinn Welsch
editor@thewestsidejournal.com
If a gunman opened fire near you, would you know what to do?
The fear of a mass shooting is not something Joann Glasper, of Plaquemine, takes lightly. Glasper teamed up with local law enforcement officers for a public class on what to do in the event of a mass shooting on Monday, Dec. 5, at the West Baton Rouge Community Center in Port Allen.
“Avoid, deny and defend,” said Louisiana State Police Special Agent Brian Cazes, listing the civilian response to an active shooter. “That's all you get,” and not always in that order.
The mind will struggle to grasp the situation, motor skills will decrease and perception will alter in the heat of an active shooter situation. One of the best things to do is remain calm and breathe deeply to control your heart rate, Cazes said. If it starts beating too fast, the body reaches a fight or flight mode, which can increase the risk in an active shooter scenario.
Glasper was worried she wouldn't know what to do if a gunman attacked her church, similar to the recent church shooting in Sutherland Springs, Texas, that killed 25 people in November. She asked her church pastor what they would do. Neither had an answer.
She organized the class in Port Allen through Sigma Delta Theta Tri-Parish chapter, where she serves as chapter president. The sorority is a “public service” organization that focuses in social action, Glasper said.
“We know that we can't prevent [mass shootings], but we can raise awareness for people and how to react in those situations,” Glasper said. “Whatever your opinion is on gun control, you still can't prevent situations from happening. I think we need to be prepared.”
WBRSO Sgt. Carl Jarrett says that it's not a question of “if it will happen,” but rather “when.”
Don't put yourself in harm's way, avoid confrontation unless absolutely necessary and know where the exits are in a building, they said. Don't attempt to rationalize unexpected explosive noises, they said.
The United States has experienced 326 mass shootings this year so far, according to the Gun Violence Archive (GVA). Among those 13 were in Louisiana, the GVA reported.
A mass shooting is described by the FBI as a four or more people wounded or killed in a shooting incident.
The church shooting in Texas disturbed Glasper, but there were two others in recent years that also hit close to home, she said.
The first was at the Grand 16 Theater in Lafayette in July, 23, 2015, when a gunman opened fire in a theater, killing three and wounding nine. Glasper had been working in Lafayette at the time of the shooting, she said.
The second was a recent shooting during a country music concert in Las Vegas. Glasper said the Sigma Delta Theta Sorority just held its 2017 national convention at the Mandalay Bay Hotel – the same hotel the gunman used to fire from a window and kill 59 concert-goers and wound 441 others.
“If it were to happen, everyone would be in shock and not know what to do,” Glasper said. “But we would have someone there who would.”
Mass shootings typically invoke conversations about gun control, which can quickly become politically polarizing.
“You can argue all day and listen to each person's side about what they think about gun control and not come to a solution,” Glasper said. “Whatever your opinion is on gun control, you still can't prevent situations from happening.”
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Full-year trading at British online estate agent Purplebricks Group remains in line with expectations, the company said on Friday after its share price was sent tumbling 7 percent on Thursday by a broker's research note.
The company, which plans to enter the New York market in the second quarter of 2018, also said it achieved 6,160 instructions in January, up 66 percent from last year. Its financial year ends in April.
Purplebricks said that Thursday's 7.5 percent share price decline was attributable to the research note published by Jefferies International, with which it took issue.
The company said it did not agree with the findings of the Jefferies report and contested its estimation of Purplebricks' completion rate.
“Blade Runner 2049,” starring Ryan Gosling, kept its universe of alternate-futuristic brands consistent. There doesn't appear to be a Facebook or Google search. (Photo: Warner Bros.)
In the 1982 film “Blade Runner,” Los Angeles has become a dark dystopia caked in grime. Set in the distant future of 2019, various brands of the time are spotted around the streets of the seedy, gloomy city. There's video game maker Atari and airline behemoth Pan Am. RCA makes a cameo, as does the Bell telephone company.
As we approach 2019 in real life, many of those brands are gone or extremely diminished. Superstitious fans declared a “Blade Runner” curse for the corporate icons of the film. Appear in the film's grim future, and a brand is believed to be doomed to the dustbin before that day arrives. Now, with the long-awaited sequel arriving in theaters, “Blade Runner” is rewriting business history.
“Blade Runner 2049,” starring Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford, pushes the franchise forward another 30 years. The universe not only retained all its noir grunge for a new tale of bio-engineered humans; it also kept its universe of alternate-futuristic brands consistent. There doesn't appear to be a Facebook social network or Google search because in film version 2049 because those companies never existed in the first place.
Instead, director Denis Villeneuve took the original film's vision of the future and thrust it onward. Society shunned sleekness, choosing retrofitting and pragmatism over glamor. Everything feels descended from the Walkman, not the iPod, and perhaps that's in part why Sony Corp. is evident in the brand landscape of “Blade Runner 2049,” while Apple doesn't get so much as a fleeting nod. Another explanation: Bloomberg News reported that Sony Corp., which is distributing the new movie, also put up $90 million of the $150 million budget.
Atmospheric shots are common in the film's first hour, featuring glowing advertisements above the steamy streets of L.A. You see Sony and, in another throwback to the first film ,a prominent Coca-Cola vista. There's a billboard for Diageo, and Ford's character still drinks Johnnie Walker Black Label whisky, as he did in the original movie. Real-world Diageo even produced a special “Blade Runner 2049” edition of the Scotch. Gosling's character drives a flying police cruiser that bears the logo of French car manufacturer Peugeot. Not GM, not Toyota, and certainly not something glossy like Tesla – Peugeot, which left the U.S. market in 1991.
Sony, Diageo, Coke and even Peugeot is all alive in real life and generally doing well, but Blade Runner also offers a few alternate-timeline callbacks. An imagined Los Angeles skyscraper is emblazoned with the name Pan Am, which in our world collapsed back in 1991. Atari, which is currently trying to stage a comeback, is lavished with a screen-wide fire hose of nostalgia in 2049. For a few moments, the camera lingers on a pair of towering Atari signs shining intensely in the night – a stature the video game pioneer hasn't enjoyed since the early 1980s.
As for those brands in Blade Runner's world that are still thriving today, such as Coke and Peugeot, we'll just have to wait to see if the film's curse claims new victims. There's a long way until 2049.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2wDSAaH
Netflix added fewer subscribers than expected for the first three months of 2017, while the No. 1 subscription-video provider said it will surpass the 100-million mark this coming weekend.
For the first quarter, Netflix added 1.42 million U.S. subs and 3.53 million overseas. Previously the company had projected net gains of 1.5 million in the U.S. and 3.7 million internationally for period.
On the subscriber-growth miss, the company's stock fell 3% in after-hours trading, after closing up 3% for the day at $147.25 per share.
As of the end of March, Netflix had 98.75 million global members. The company said it expects to surpass the 100 million mark this coming weekend. “We remain incredibly excited about the opportunity in front of us to build a truly global and durable internet TV business,” Netflix said in its letter to shareholders.
In 2017, the company plans to spend more than $1 billion marketing its content, Netflix said in the shareholder letter.
Netflix reported revenue of $2.64 billion, in line with analyst forecasts, and earnings of 40 cents per share (versus Wall Street estimates of EPS of 38 cents).
The Q1 results come after Netflix added 7.05 million new subscribers in the fourth quarter of 2016, setting a quarterly record for net subscriber adds.
For the second quarter — historically soft for Netflix — the company projects 600,000 U.S. net adds and 2.6 million internationally.
Pictured above: Netflix original series “Marvel's Iron Fist,” which premiered March 17.
TOKYO (AP) — Share prices were higher in Asia on Monday, lifted by encouraging employment data from the U.S. that took the Standard & Poor's 500 index to its third straight weekly gain on Friday despite weakness earlier in the week.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index was up 0.2 percent at 22,855.98 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index gained 0.5 percent to 28,777.13. The S&P ASX 200 in Australia edged 0.1 percent higher to 6,000.20 and the Shanghai Composite index added 0.4 percent to 3.303.22. South Korea's Kospi was up a bit more than 0.1 percent at 2,467.22. shares in Southeast Asia also were higher.
WALL STREET: U.S. shares climbed after the jobs report showed that employers added 228,000 jobs last month and the unemployment rate remained at a low 4.1 percent in the latest evidence that the U.S. economy continues to improve, in sync with the rest of the world. The S&P 500 rose 0.6 percent to 2,651.50, another record. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 0.5 percent to 24,329.16 and the Nasdaq composite added 0.4 percent to 6,840.08.
ANALYST VIEWPOINT: “Stronger than forecast data from China, Japan and the U.S. sparked a global rally in share markets on Friday. The US dollar rose, industrial commodities lifted and futures markets indicate the rally will continue in Asia Pacific trading today. However investors are likely to show some caution ahead of major central bank decisions and further globally important data reads this week,” Michael McCarthy of CMC Markets said in a commentary.
GEOPOLITICS: An agreement that allows talks to continue to the next stage for the United Kingdom to leave the European Union has reassured investors investors hoping for a smooth exit that does not disrupt global trade. Another potential source of worry for investors dissipated after Congress passed a spending bill that prevented a government shutdown. It keeps the U.S. government running only until Dec. 22, though, when another deadline looms.
ENERGY: The price of oil fell back, with benchmark U.S. crude losing 30 cents to settle at $57.06 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It gained 67 cents to $57.06 per barrel on Friday. Brent crude, the international standard, lost 31 cents to $63.09 per barrel. It rose $1.20 to $63.40 per barrel on Friday. That helped energy stocks in the S&P 500 rise 0.9 percent.
BITCOIN: The first-ever bitcoin future jumped as the increasingly popular virtual currency made its debut on the Chicago Board Options Exchange. The futures contract that expires in January surged more than $3,000 to $18,010 four hours after trading launched on the Chicago Board Options Exchange. The price of an actual bitcoin has soared since beginning the year below $1,000. As of 0400 GMT it was at $16,353.67 on the private exchange Coindesk.
CURRENCIES: The dollar ticked up to 113.59 Japanese yen from 113.48 yen late Friday. The euro rose to $1.1784 from $1.1774, and the British pound climbed to $1.3403 from $1.3465.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
NEW YORK POST:
A New Jersey family cheated death when they pulled off a wild move — straight out of an action movie — and escaped the clutches of an opening drawbridge.
Terrance Naphys and his family were en route by car to Cape May earlier this month when they found themselves caught in a terrifying situation as they were crossing the Middle Thorofare Bridge, which connects Wildwood and Cape May.
Suddenly, the steel grate of the bridge started to open underneath them, rising between 3 and 6 feet in the air — and Naphys made a quick decision to gun it over the bridge.
“He accelerated, and of course then we landed with a big impact on the concrete on the side,” the man's wife, Jackie Naphys, told CBS Philadelphia in an interview this week.
(Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Tuesday as strong earnings from Caterpillar, Verizon and a host of other big names boosted optimism about corporate America's health, but the gains were curbed by rising bond yields.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in the Manhattan borough of New York City, New York, U.S., April 19, 2018. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
The yield on the 10-year U.S Treasury notes hit 3 percent for the first time since 2014, due to a growing supply of government debt and accelerating inflation as commodity prices gained. [US/]
Caterpillar (CAT.N), which serves as a bellwether for global economic activity jumped 4 percent, while Pratt & Whitney aircraft engines-maker United Tech (UTX.N) rose 1.3 percent. Both companies topped quarterly profit estimates and raised their full-year earnings forecasts.
The results also run contrary to a 0.4 percent fall in the S&P industrials index .SPLRCI this year due to fears of a tit-for-tat trade war with China.
“Two big-cap companies, industrials and global in nature, beating estimates, and the takeaway being that fundamentals remain strong for corporate America,” said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia.
About 18 percent of the S&P 500 companies had reported results as of Monday, with 78 percent topping profit estimates, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
That has pushed up analysts' estimates for earnings growth in the quarter to nearly 20 percent, from 18.6 percent just over than a week back, making it the strongest in seven years.
One dampener was Google-parent Alphabet (GOOGL.O), which dipped 2.5 percent as investors focused on rising costs rather than the profit beat.
“On balance, the numbers were pretty good and some of the issues related to spending are idiosyncratic to the business. I don't think its going to indict the entire sector,” said Luschini.
At 10:01 a.m. EDT the Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI was up 65.45 points, or 0.27 percent, at 24,514.14, the S&P 500 .SPX was up 7.14 points, or 0.27 percent, at 2,677.43 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC was up 20.42 points, or 0.29 percent, at 7,149.02.
Coca-Cola (KO.N) gained 2 percent after its revenue beat estimates, helped by higher demand for Coke Zero Sugar and new flavors of Diet Coke. Verizon (VZ.N) jumped 1.3 percent after its profit beat expectations.
3M (MMM.N) fell 6.1 percent after it managed to only match profit estimates.
A drop in sales for the screen glass unit of telecoms parts producer Corning Inc (GLW.N) may also add to growing market nerves about demand for high-end smartphones.
Oil rose above $75 a barrel to its highest since November 2014, supported by OPEC-led production cuts, strong demand and the prospect of renewed U.S. sanctions on Iran. [O/R]
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners by a 2.09-to-1 ratio on the NYSE and by a 2.07-to-1 ratio on the Nasdaq.
The S&P index recorded 10 new 52-week highs and 11 new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 42 new highs and 23 new lows.
CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela's opposition faces a weak adversary in an upcoming presidential election in the form of unpopular President Nicolas Maduro but it must overcome a more formidable challenge - abstention in its own ranks.
Maduro's approval ratings are languishing at around 20 percent amid a collapsing economy, runaway inflation and rising malnutrition: a shocking deterioration in a country that was once a byword in South America for oil-financed opulence.
Yet voter motivation is being weakened by concerns about fraud, mistrust of the electoral authority and weak opposition candidates, which may help Maduro clinch a second six-year term.
The government has not yet set a date for the election but has said it must be held before the end of April.
Opposition leaders are calling for unity in the run-up to the vote but are conditioning their participation on demands such as the creation of a new electoral authority - something Maduro allies appear unlikely to grant.
The most coherent message so far has come from fringe politicians who are insisting the opposition should walk away.
“There is only one answer: No,” said Maria Corina Machado, who has a significant media profile but little political influence. “(The opposition) cannot be complicit in a process that seeks to legitimize this regime.”
Optimists believe that the official launch of the campaign for the election could create momentum and convince crisis-weary Venezuelans to vote for whichever candidate faces off against Maduro.
But skeptics insist that the electoral council is in the pocket of the Socialist Party and is likely to alter the results of the vote.
“I wouldn't want to go out and vote for the opposition only to have the results show my vote went to the government,” said Manuel Melo, 21, a graphic designer who lost a kidney in 2017 when he was hit by a water cannon during a protest.
“Since there's going to be fraud, I'd rather not vote.”
Many have also accused opposition leaders of offering too many concessions to the government and in some cases of working as stalking horse candidates on behalf of Maduro.
The pro-Maduro Supreme Court last week blocked the opposition's Democratic Unity coalition from running a presidential candidate, requiring aspirants to run under individual parties.
FILE PHOTO: Andres Velasquez, former candidate for governor of Bolivar state, shows an electoral record as he talks to the media during a news conference in Caracas, Venezuela, October 20, 2017. REUTERS/Marco Bello/File Photo
Critics called it an effort to increase division within the opposition and weaken turnout.
LEADERS JAILED OR BARRED
October's gubernatorial elections were a warning sign of how the Socialist Party can score electoral victories despite fury over economic mismanagement.
Even though polls showed the opposition winning most of the 23 governorships, Maduro allies took 18 of them as a result of heavy abstention.
Slideshow (5 Images)
Many insisted that participating in the vote was legitimizing Maduro's government following what they said was a power grab with the creation of an all-powerful legislature called the Constitutional Assembly in a July ballot boycotted by the opposition.
The governors' vote gave Maduro a political boost and left the opposition divided and squabbling. It boycotted elections for 335 mayors in December, further fueling abstentionism.
With the election at most three months away, the opposition still does not have a standard bearer.
And the field of candidates has been heavily limited by the government's aggressive moves to jail its best-known leaders or bar them from politics.
Two-time presidential candidate Henrique Capriles is banned from holding office. Former Mayor Leopoldo Lopez is under house arrest for leading protests against Maduro while his protege Freddy Guevara is holed up in the residence of the Chilean ambassador, seeking to avoid arrest on similar accusations.
However, former union leader Andres Velasquez has shown interest in a presidential bid, while ex-Lara state Governor Henri Falcon has called on the opposition to unite behind him. Former Congress chief Henry Ramos has also said he would run in opposition primaries.
Both Ramos and Falcon have done better in recent polls than Maduro, according to Luis Vicente Leon, director of pollster Datanalisis, adding that Maduro is widely rejected by the population.
But doubts about the fairness of elections and limited motivation following the opposition's recent ballot box fiascos may make that irrelevant.
“The opposition is indeed the majority, but that won't matter if it makes can't mobilize its people in an election,” Leon said in a telephone interview.
There has been a fairly prevalent belief in the ceramics world that cone 6 electric ceramic glazes are boring. But these days, that myth is being dispelled as more and more artists glaze fire their work to cone 6. To get great cone 6 pottery glaze surfaces, you just need some good glaze recipes and firing tricks.
Jonathan Kaplan figured out how to tweak his cone 6 glazes and his kiln firing schedule to add some “oomph” to his electric-kiln-fired ceramic surfaces. Today, he shares his techniques for enlivening cone 6 glazes and some of his favorite Cone 6 ceramic glaze recipes. – Jennifer Poellot Harnetty, editor.
Ceramic Glazes and a Kiln Firing Schedule for Exciting Cone 6 Glazes
Color and texture in cone 6 glazes are the result of three variables: First, selecting proper glazes; second, learning how to layer and combine different glazes by pouring, dipping and spraying; and third, using a controlled cooling cycle that brings the ceramic kiln temperature down slowly to further enhance the color and texture. This slow cooling not only creates a visual dialog in thick and thin areas of glaze application, but also helps with the crystallization of certain materials, which adds depth and interest to the glaze.
This fourth edition of Electric Kiln Ceramics, has been completely rewritten, reorganized, and expanded by Frederick Bartolovic. Loaded with new color images that highlight some of the most beautiful results possible with electric firing, the new edition features step-by-step instruction on forming and finishing pieces for electric firing, kiln firing schedules for both manual and computerized kilns, and even glazing techniques and recipes to try out in your electric kiln.
Ceramic Glaze Application
I spray or dip glazes over each other. My experience is that no single glaze can provide a visually interesting surface in an electric kiln, although there may certainly be exceptions. My layering technique allows the many differing glaze materials to combine and melt in unique ways, providing a visually interesting surface with depth. All of this is caused by the interactions of multiple materials applied over each other.
Applying glazes over textures in the clay allows the melted glaze to pool. A thicker concentration of glaze materials in these areas yields different areas of color.
When mixing and testing glazes for future use on your pottery, it is useful to try different methods of combining glazes. For example, if you mix up a few small test batches of different glazes, try dipping one glaze over the other on the top rim of your test tile. Then reverse the order. For instance, if you dip glaze A over glaze B, then do another tile with glaze B dipped over glaze A.
Jonathan's Kiln Firing Schedule
Most glazes have a range of several pyrometric cones. I fire my cone 6 glazes to cone 7 using a programmable controller with the following heating and cooling cycle:
1st segment – 50°F/hour to 220°F
2nd segment – 250°F/hour to 2167°F
3rd segment – 150°F/hour to 1500°F
I have found that this provides a better melt and allows a good mingling of the many layers of glaze. It's necessary to experiment and test your glazes to determine their range. Kiln wash or stilts under your ware is a necessity!
It is fine to program a “hold” into the end of the second segment if you have a single zone kiln and wish to try to even out the firing from top to bottom. With the introduction of multiple zone controls on many of the new kilns, a soak at the end is not really necessary. If you don't have a computer-controlled kiln, use the infinite switches to “fire down” the kiln. With the addition of a pyrometer and a decent thermocouple, you can achieve a reasonable controlled cooling cycle.
Record Keeping
It's important to keep accurate records so when you get results that are pleasing, you can repeat them. In an electric kiln, repeatable results are easier to achieve than in a fuel-burning kiln, especially if your electric kiln is equipped with a programmable controller. There is no substitute for experimenting. It takes time and persistence to achieve the surfaces that are pleasing to you. No one glaze or method will work. It is a combination of glazes and applications, followed by the proper firing schedule with a controlled cooling cycle.
**First published in 2012
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Kayne Anderson Mlp Investment Co:
* ‍AS OF JANUARY 31, 2018, COMPANY‘S NET ASSETS WERE $2.3 BILLION, AND ITS NET ASSET VALUE PER SHARE WAS $19.75​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Tigers' Miguel Cabrera walks back to the dugout after striking out in the first inning on Wednesday. (Photo: Carlos Osorio, Associated Press)
Detroit – The Tigers got a brilliantly pitched game from starter Jordan Zimmermann Wednesday night. The kind of game they envisioned him pitching with regularity when they signed him to a $110-million contract before last season.
Of course, the way things are going for the team at present, it wasn't good enough to win the game.
Zimmermann allowed a pair of sketchy runs in the first inning and almost literally nothing else through eight innings, but the Diamondbacks made it stand up, beating the Tigers 2-1 – their fifth loss in six games.
BOX SCORE: Diamondbacks 2, Tigers 1
As he did Tuesday, former Tiger Fernando Rodney closed it out, striking out Justin Upton, Nick Castellanos and Andrew Romine.
The Tigers weren't having many comfortable swings against Diamondbacks starter Taijuan Walker, who had just come off the disabled list (blister). He struck out five of six batters between the first and third innings.
But Ian Kinsler rapped a two-out double in the third and scored on a first-pitch base hit by Alex Avila.
The Tigers put two on with one out in the fourth, but couldn't score. Miguel Cabrera hit a two-out double in the fifth, sending Avila to third. But Walker got Victor Martinez to fly to left to end the inning.
Walker left after five innings (one run, six hits, six strikeouts). Right-handed reliever Randall Delgado was even stingier. He dispatched seven straight Tigers before Cabrera singled with one out in the eighth.
But Victor Martinez grounded into a fielder's choice and J.D. Martinez struck out, which set up the ninth for Rodney.
Much like the Tigers' inconceivable six-run sixth inning against Zack Greinke Tuesday, Zimmermann's gem was wasted.
Zimmermann completed eight innings for the first time since June 19 of last year. He allowed just two singles after the first inning and fanned six. And he probably deserved a better result in the first inning.
Gregor Blanco led off the game with a blooper to left field that bounced past an on-rushing Upton – a two-base error allowing Blanco to get to third base. He scored on a sacrifice fly by David Peralta.
Paul Goldschmidt bounced a single through the left side of the infield, just eluding Castellanos, and went to third on a double by Chris Owings. Brandon Drury followed with a single scoring Goldschmidt.
Upton, though, atoned for his error by throwing out Owings at the plate.
Zimmermann allowed a leadoff single to Chris Herrmann in the second and then set down 14 straight Diamondbacks hitters.
He was getting ahead of hitters. He had full command of his fastball, curveball and especially his slider, which had sharp and late downward action. He struck out Goldschmidt twice with the slider, once looking and once swinging.
Of his 108 pitches, 33 were sliders and he got seven of his 11 swings and misses with it.
His consecutive outs streak ended with a leadoff single by Jake Lamb in the seventh, but Zimmermann got the next six outs without any stress.
He left to a well-deserved standing ovation after the eighth.
And the Tigers fall four games under .500 – 30-34.
Twitter: @cmccosky
We're constantly fascinated by what our zodiac sign says about our lives, whether it's which signs are most compatible or how each sign handles conflict in relationships. That's why Bustle has enlisted Mecca Woods, a New York City-based astrologer of MyLifeCreated.com, to tell us all about how astrology is affecting our lives each day. Today's topic: your daily horoscope for April 24, 2018.
The Moon remains in playful and creative Leo during the first half of the day, meeting up with unconventional Uranus in Aries by the mid-afternoon afternoon. This means that the overall vibe to the first half of the day will be centered on creativity and out of the box thinking, especially with pleasure planet Venus entering curious and quick-thinking Gemini this morning. With Venus in Gemini, our source of fun, romance, and pleasure comes by way of intellectual pursuits and discussions, a sharp sense of humor, and big does of spontaneity.
By the late afternoon, the Moon enters analytical Virgo, putting us in the mood to focus on the details and facts. With the Virgo Moon squaring off Venus in Gemini in the early evening, we might find that what we want and what we need are at odds, namely when it comes to having fun and being productive. The best way to handle this cosmic combo is to stick to the activities and relationships worth our time and energy.
Read below to see what the stars mean for your sign today, and check out your April 2018 monthly horoscope.
Aries (March 21 - April 19)
Tina Gong/Bustle
Expect to be busy today as the items on your to-do list double. Though to make sure that you're optimizing your time, focus on the things that will either bring you cash or a solid return on the investment of time and energy you're putting in. Use your network to find opportunities.
Taurus (April 20 - May 20)
Tina Gong/Bustle
Someone cute could catch your eye today, but is this person worth your attention? May be best to take things slow and focus on having your own fun for now. In what ways do you shine? Don't be shy about flaunting what makes you special. Confidence will attract the right people anyway.
Gemini (May 21 - June 20)
Tina Gong/Bustle
Your popularity points are about to skyrocket, though everyone won't be welcome to the party. People will want to get next to you but make sure to vet them carefully. Trust your intuition above appearances or pretty words. In fact, hanging out behind the scenes today will do you good.
Cancer (June 21 - July 22)
Tina Gong/Bustle
You might feel caught today between wanting to chill out and wanting to get into everything you can today. You might find it helpful to be intentional with how you spend your time so you don't wear yourself out. Spending time with close friends could be good for a spiritual recharge.
Leo (July 23 - Aug. 22)
Tina Gong/Bustle
You may be feeling pulled between work and having fun with friends today. If having fun is going to get in the way of doing things that are more productive, you may need to reschedule or sit this round out. Meanwhile, you may want to spend some cash too. Treat your finances with care.
Virgo (Aug. 23 - Sept. 22)
Tina Gong/Bustle
Your career is about to get a serious boost but don't think that you have to cater too much to what others want right now. Otherwise, you risk spreading yourself too thin. Instead take a risk and go in your own direction, trusting your heart along the way. That's the way to impress.
Libra (Sept. 23 - Oct. 22)
Tina Gong/Bustle
You may be ready to take a risk on something but you may not have all the facts needed to make an educated decision. It may be best to do some digging and investigate or hang back and allow more information to be revealed. For now, lay low. On another note, make sure to get some rest.
Scorpio (Oct. 23 - Nov. 21)
Tina Gong/Bustle
You may be ready to make a financial investment towards your future, but you may need to hold off for now or revise your plans. Before you sign anything or give the green light, it may be best to talk to an advisor or someone you trust so you don't do anything hasty with your cash.
Sagittarius (Nov. 22 - Dec. 21)
Tina Gong/Bustle
Love may be heating up for you but you seem to be focused on work for now. That's a good thing because anyone that enters your life right now should be able to add to it not distract you or take away from it. Keep that in mind as you go about your business. In terms of work, you're golden.
Capricorn (Dec. 22 - Jan. 19)
Tina Gong/Bustle
You might be dealing with a case of trying to do too much today. While you usually love working hard, there is such a thing as being overworked. Plus, things may not be coming together the way you want them to right now. To avoid frustration, take it easy on yourself and find time to take it easy.
Aquarius (Jan. 20 - Feb. 18)
Tina Gong/Bustle
You might have have your eye on someone today, but when it comes to romance, you may need to fall back a bit to see if they're as into you as they should be. In other words, make sure the words and the actions line up with this person. You need substance and intimacy, not just a good time.
Pisces (Feb. 19 - March 20)
Tina Gong/Bustle
You and your partner or a family member may not be on the same page today. Though it could have you in your feelings, the best way to handle this conflict is by addressing it head on and communicating what you need. What they have to say may enlighten you too. Talk it all out.
1:55 Public comment was heard Tuesday night on Holmes Beach speed limit change Pause
1:37 Oscar-winning actress Geena Davis speaks in Sarasota
3:03 The importance of river restoration in the Everglades
0:35 Couples say 'I do' on Valentine's Day
1:53 Legoland surprise for one generous 8-year old
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
0:33 The Pittsburgh Pirates begin spring training workouts at Pirate City
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
LONDON (Reuters) - Usain Bolt's unparalleled career ended in extraordinary drama on Saturday as he pulled up with injury on the anchor leg of his very last race, the 4x100 metres relay final at the World Championships.
The 30-year-old had taken the baton for Jamaica a few metres adrift of the two leaders when, straining hard to catch them, he stopped abruptly with cramp in his left hamstring, began hobbling and tumbled to a halt after a forward roll.
As Britain went on to win gold, Bolt lay on his back in his lane, his head in hands, being tended to by medics as one waited with a wheelchair to help push him off the track.
Yet the sport's greatest entertainer was determined that one of the finest careers in sport was not going to end with him in a wheelchair.
So the fastest man of all-time, surrounded by his three worried teammates, Omar McLeod, Julian Forte and Yohan Blake, rose gingerly to his feet and limped the last 30 metres to the line.
The official result recorded that the Jamaicans did not finish but Bolt had been absolutely determined to ensure he completed the last race after a matchless career in which he won 19 major championship gold medals.
Typically, Bolt's only thoughts were with the teammates he felt he had let down.
"He kept apologising to us but we told him there was no need to apologise," Forte said. "Injuries are part of the sport."
McLeod added: "It just happened - Usain Bolt's name will always live on."
THIRD PLACE
Justin Gatlin, the American winner of the individual 100 metres who had consigned Bolt to third place in his final individual race last Saturday, paid tribute to his rival.
"I think it was the elements (that caused the injury). I'm sorry he got this injury. He is still the best in the world," Gatlin said.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – men's 4 x 100 meters relay final – London Stadium, London, Britain – August 12, 2017 – Usain Bolt of Jamaica stumbles injured. John Sibley
"This is farewell time, I am sentimental about it already now. In the warm-up area, we give ourselves respect and greeted each other. Usain Bolt is a great athlete."
Kevin Jones, the Jamaican team doctor, said Bolt had suffered cramp in his left hamstring.
Blake was angry at having to wait for two medal ceremonies to take place before the race.
"It was 40 minutes and two medal presentations before our run ... we were kept 40 minutes. It was crazy," Blake said. "They were holding us too long.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - Men's 100 Metres Relay Final - London Stadium, London, Britain – August 12, 2017. Usain Bolt of Jamaica reacts after the final. John Sibley
"We keep warming up and waiting, then warming up and waiting. I think it got the better of us.
"It hurts to see a true legend, a true champion go out there and struggle like that."
Jamaican team manager Ian Forbes praised Bolt for "going out there and giving his all" and added that the squad were "very saddened".
"The diagnostic work will be done shortly to determine how serious it is. He was able to walk to the team bus so hopefully that signals it's not as serious as it possibly could be," Forbes said.
With the 56,000-strong crowd going wild about the British victory, there was still time for them to hail the sport's favourite performer, who waved to them a mite forlornly while hobbling away from the track.
Five years ago, almost to the very night, British distance running hero Mo Farah had broken into Bolt's lightning bolt pose in this same stadium and the Jamaican had reciprocated with the Briton's trademark "Mobot" to mark their joyous supremacy at the London Olympics.
Yet in the same stadium on Saturday, they attempted in vain to reprise that triumphant night, Farah ending up with silver in his final track race, over 5,000 metres, and Bolt suffering his anti-climactic farewell.
Their leaving of the track scene leaves a void in the sport that does not look like being filled any time soon.
Just as a spat with one next-door province fizzles, another considerably more serious dispute flares up on Alberta's other boundary.
While the recent tit-for-tat with Saskatchewan over licence plates and the price of beer bordered on the silly, the latest salvo fired at Alberta by British Columbia's government is no laughing matter.
B.C. Environment Minister George Heyman announced Tuesday his government is introducing additional regulatory measures to protect the province from potential oil spills. The province is threatening to restrict increases in oilsands crude shipments from Alberta by pipeline or rail while an advisory panel studies whether diluted bitumen can be effectively cleaned up in water.
B.C. Premier John Horgan, who took power last spring with backing from the province's Green Party, has vowed to use every tool at his disposal to block Kinder Morgan's pending $7.4-billion Trans Mountain pipeline expansion from Alberta. This announcement is the political monkey wrench his government has come up with.
Renewed tension with B.C. will exacerbate already strained relations between the two provinces and could trigger the start of a long interprovincial trade war.
So serious are the potential ramifications, Alberta Premier Rachel Notley angrily accused B.C. of trying to circumvent the law and rewrite Canada's Constitution. She could also have mentioned the move will likely be considered to breach the spirit of the New West Partnership trade deal.
On Wednesday, Notley convened an emergency cabinet meeting to chart next steps, a signal Alberta may retaliate with its own legal and trade actions that may include interprovincial electricity trade.
Notley's anger is understandable given what's at stake and the sheer audacity of B.C.'s delaying tactic.
While oilsands production is increasing, pipeline capacity is running short and that steeply discounts the price of Alberta crude. Stalled pipelines take a huge monetary toll on Alberta, and the national economy, which relies heavily on its resource revenues.
B.C.'s pursuit of more study comes off as disingenuous given the reams of review that Trans Mountain has already undergone, resulting in an environmental certificate by the previous B.C. government and approval from both the National Energy Board and federal cabinet.
Speaking of the federal government, it's time for Canada's leader to act against B.C.'s latest obstruction for a project of national importance.
China elevated a key confidante of President Xi Jinping to one of the top positions in government on Monday as Beijing cracks down on riskier financing and a debt build-up that may pose systemic risks to the world's second-largest economy. Ciara Lee reports on the challenges ahead for China's new economic team.
FILE - In this Dec. 2, 2015, file photo, Tesla Motors Inc. CEO Elon Musk delivers a speech at the Paris Pantheon Sorbonne University as part of the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Paris. For years, Tesla has boasted that its cars and SUVs are safer than other vehicles on the roads, and CEO Elon Musk doubled down on the claims in a series of tweets this week. Francois Mori, File AP Photo
The 47th Annual Miss Altus Scholarship Pageant was held at the Altus City Auditorium on Saturday and eight young women competed for the title of Miss Altus 2017.
Contestants included Angelica Sanchez, Darcy George, Emilie James, Meaghan Dorn, Brianna Barker, Rachel Reeves, Jessica Wohlford and Talayna Petzold.
Present to show their support and lend their talents to the night's pageant were visiting reigning royals Miss Oklahoma 2016 Sarah Klein, Miss America's Outstanding Teen 2017 Nicole Jia, Miss Oklahoma's Outstanding Teen 2016 Addison Price, Miss Altus Outstanding Teen 2017 Lynzie Herron and Miss Altus 2016 Lexie Herron.
This year's theme was Sparkle and Shine, commemorating the memory of Ovena Milton, one of the founders of the Miss Altus Scholarship Pageant who was described by Mast of Ceremonies Robert Yockam as a radiant, positive person who was dedicated to making the pageant a success.
The pageant began with a dance number featuring the 2017 Miss Altus contestants, Miss Altus 2016 Lexie Herron and Miss Altus Star Katie Beth Davis.
From toe-tapping jazz routines to piano performances, each young lady presented her talent with enthusiasm and skill, offered answers to critical questions to topical questions, and showed her dedication to physical fitness racking up points in the swimsuit, evening wear, talent and interview portions of the pageant.
“They're sweet, talented young women with critical platforms,” pageant promoter Rollann Horschler said.
Platforms ranged from cancer awareness to the importance of volunteering and encouraging children to dream, achieve, believe.
Miss Oklahoma Sarah Klein and Miss America's Outstanding Teen 2017 Nicole Jia performed piano selections, Miss Oklahoma's Outstanding Teen 2016 Addison Price performed a jazz routine to Elvis Presley's “Blue Suede Shoes,” Miss Altus Outstanding Teen 2017 Lynzie Herron sang “I Enjoy Being a Girl” from “Flower Drum Song,” and Miss Altus 2016 Lexie Herron sang Stevie Wonder's “Don't You Worry ‘Bout a Thing.”
After a lively jazz routine to “Skeletons” and interview segment, Meaghan Dorn was crowned Miss Altus 2017 by Miss Altus 2016 Lynzie Herron after a heartfelt tribute to the many people who helped her succeed in the last year.
Dorn received a $1,000 college scholarship, wardrobe allowances, the official Miss America Crown and a Fossil watch from Crown Jewelry, a bouquet of roses from Petal Pushers and gift certificates from many local businesses.
Dorn, 19, of Mangum, also received the Interview Award, Physical Fitness and Swimsuit Award, Talent Award, Pizzazz Award, Poise and Elegance Award and an education scholarship.
Brianna Barker was named 1st runner-up and awarded a two-year scholarship from Western Oklahoma State College. Emilie James was named 2nd runner -up and received the Rookie Interview Award.
Darcy George was named Miss Congeniality and received the Art of Encouragement for Community Service Award and the Special Achievement Award. Rachel Reeves was named Miss Photogenic and given a one-year scholarship from Western Oklahoma State College. Angelica Sanchez won the non-finalist Talent Award.
Scholarships and prizes exceeded $40,000 for the 2017 Miss Altus Scholarship Pageant.
Judges for the pageant included Steve Robinson, Carolyn Hefner, Cindy Ade, Rick Woodward and Curt Johnson.
Miss Altus 2016 Lexie Herron crowns Miss Altus 2017 Meaghan Dorn. http://altustimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_CrowningRGB-1.jpg Miss Altus 2016 Lexie Herron crowns Miss Altus 2017 Meaghan Dorn. Miss Altus 2017 contestant Emilie James performs a jazz-tap routine to Meghan Trainor's “Better When I'm Dancin'.” http://altustimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_EmilieRGB-1.jpg Miss Altus 2017 contestant Emilie James performs a jazz-tap routine to Meghan Trainor's “Better When I'm Dancin'.” From left, Angelica Sanchez, Rachel Reeves, Emilie James, Miss Altus 2016 Lexie Herron, Miss Altus 2017 Meaghan Dorn, Brianna Barker, Darcy George, Talayna Petzold, Jessica Wohlford and Miss Altus Star Katie Beth Davis. http://altustimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_Group1RGB-1.jpg From left, Angelica Sanchez, Rachel Reeves, Emilie James, Miss Altus 2016 Lexie Herron, Miss Altus 2017 Meaghan Dorn, Brianna Barker, Darcy George, Talayna Petzold, Jessica Wohlford and Miss Altus Star Katie Beth Davis. From left, Miss Oklahoma 2016 Sarah Klein, Miss Oklahoma's Outstanding Teen 2016 Addison Price, Miss Altus 2016 Lexie Herron, Miss Altus 2017 Meaghan Dorn, Miss America's Outstanding Teen 2017 Nicole Jia and Miss Altus Outstanding Teen 2017 Lynzie Herron. http://altustimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_Group2RGB-1.jpg From left, Miss Oklahoma 2016 Sarah Klein, Miss Oklahoma's Outstanding Teen 2016 Addison Price, Miss Altus 2016 Lexie Herron, Miss Altus 2017 Meaghan Dorn, Miss America's Outstanding Teen 2017 Nicole Jia and Miss Altus Outstanding Teen 2017 Lynzie Herron. From left, Jessica Wohlford answers an interview question asked by Miss Oklahoma 2016 Sarah Klein. http://altustimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_InterviewRGB-1.jpg From left, Jessica Wohlford answers an interview question asked by Miss Oklahoma 2016 Sarah Klein.
Eight contestantsvie for the crown
By Katrina Goforth kgoforth@civitasmedia.com
Reach Katrina Goforth at 580-482-1221, ext. 2077.
Reach Katrina Goforth at 580-482-1221, ext. 2077.
ISLAMABAD: Outgoing Chinese Ambassador Sun Weidong made a farewell call to Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi at the Prime Minister's Office on Friday.
The prime minister commended the services of the outgoing Ambassador in deepening the strong bonds of friendship and multi-sector cooperation between Pakistan and China, and in facilitating the smooth and speedy execution of the CPEC projects.
He also lauded Sun Weidong for contributing significantly to the expansion of people-to-people contacts and collaboration in various areas, ranging from trade and commerce to education and culture.
Referring to the conferment of Hilal-i-Pakistan to Mr Sun Weidong, the prime minister said that the award was very prestigious and that it stood as a testimony of outstanding performance of the ambassador.
The prime minister also appreciated the work of Madame Bao Jiqing for creating better understanding and affinity between the people of Pakistan and China. He wished the outgoing ambassador the very best in his future personal and professional life.
OFFICE OF GOV.
TOPEKA – Governor Sam Brownback and Topeka Mayor Larry Wolgast Friday, April 14, asked Attorney General Derek Schmidt to examine the financial structure of St. Francis Hospital of Topeka. Following a joint meeting late Friday afternoon between Governor Brownback, Attorney General Schmidt, and St. Francis medical personnel, Attorney General Schmidt confirmed he will launch an inquiry aimed at ensuring the charitable assets of St. Francis remain in Kansas.
The hospital's parent company maintains over $2 billion dollars in assets, yet is seeking to “divest” St. Francis, possibly leading to its closure. The Kansas roots of St. Francis trace back to 1858 and the founding of Sisters of Charity of Leavenworth which remains organized as a non-profit corporation under the laws of the State of Kansas. The actions by Governor Brownback and Attorney General Schmidt seek to protect Kansas-based charitable assets from being improperly transferred from the state leading to the closure of St. Francis.
“St. Francis has benefitted from its status as a Kansas charity for many years, and it is important to make certain that such charitable assets are properly managed and remain in Kansas,” said Governor Brownback. “The charitable assets should stay here for the benefit of Kansans, to serve their stated mission of improving the health of those who are poor and vulnerable. Northeast Kansas needs the medical services St. Francis provides.”
The office of the Attorney General has the authority to safeguard Kansas charities.
“Any decision by its out-of-state owners that would fail to maintain full operations of Saint Francis Hospital would be deeply troubling,” Schmidt said. “The absence of meaningful consultation with local leaders compounds the concern, particularly in light of the considerable benefits the people of Kansas have bestowed on this charitable operation over the years.”
Topeka Mayor Larry Wolgast emphasized the importance of St. Francis to the health and economy of Topeka and surrounding communities.
“I share Governor Brownback and the Attorney General's deep concern that the charitable assets of St. Francis Hospital, a hospital that met the health care needs of our community for so long, will be improperly removed from the people it serves,” Wolgast said. “I welcome the action the Attorney General is taking. St. Francis has been a vital part of this city and northeast Kansas for 159 years and has benefited by the non-profit status the citizens of Kansas granted.”
LIVERPOOL, England — A linesman found himself in a tough spot when he needed to award an offside in the Champions League game between Liverpool and Roma on Tuesday.
He didn't have a flag to wave.
The German official's flag had fallen apart moments earlier and its replacement was unusable, too. So when Liverpool striker Roberto Firmino was played through on goal in the fifth minute, the linesman had to run down the touchline with a flag in one hand and a bare pole in the other.
He eventually brandished his flagpole, though it wasn't easy to see.
Baz Luhrmann says his wife Catherine Martin still knows how to "rock out" in the bedroom.
The 55-year-old director has been married to the 53-year-old costume designer since 1997, and despite the passing of time, the couple still know how to have a good time between the sheets.
Asked whether they still have regular sex, he answered: "Yeah, we do. And you know what? She rocks out. She's a bit of a wolf. She always dresses up in strange costumes."
Despite still enjoying an active erotic life, Baz concedes that their lovemaking exploits have evolved over time.
The acclaimed writer - who has daughter Lillian, 14, and son William, 12, with his wife - revealed that he's slowed down as he's gotten older.
He told The Guardian newspaper: "Look, it's never gonna be like when you were 20. I'm not saying it's boring, but it becomes part of the ceremony: the intimacy, the talk afterwards.
"Our relationship is full of acceptance. She knew who I was going in, and I knew who she was. Without going into details, we've lived a pretty boho life. There's nothing about either of us that the other one doesn't know. We have our way, and that works for us."
The loved-up couple first met in the late 80s and, at the time, Baz was going by his birth name of Mark Anthony Luhrmann.
However, he subsequently changed his name to Baz by deed poll after being likened to a fictional anthropomorphic fox called Basil Brush from a British TV show.
Baz - who now splits his time between New York and Sydney - said: "I had this crazy curly hair, this big 'fro, and at school there were all these boys in their uniforms who used to beat the s**t out of me.
You may not have heard of Maya Kodes, but over the past year, the slender blond singer has released a dance pop song on iTunes, recorded an EP set for release in June, performed 30 concerts and amassed 5,500 Facebook followers.Pretty impressive for a hologram.Billed as the world's first interactive real-time virtual pop star, Kodes is the creation of Montreal's Neweb Labs.In development for 18 months, she's the brainchild of Yves St-Gelais, producer of the popular Radio-Canada TV series ICI Laflaque, and a former Cirque du Soleil comedian and director. Kodes has already been road-tested at the company's custom-designed holographic Prince Theatre, where she performed a fluffy dance-pop confection called “Boomerang” — the song currently for sale on iTunes — amid a flesh and blood dance crew and in front of a largely tween audience, kibitzing with the show's emcee in a fromage-filled routine that bordered on juvenile.Article Continued BelowIt's also the venue from where Kodes will present, on June 13, a 360-degree livestream VIP performance to launch her first EP, The New Kode Vol. 1.CGI pop star Maya Kodes, the creation of Montreal-based Neweb Labs. (SYSTEM / handout photo) A Toronto performance is expected before the end of the year, says Neweb spokesperson Élodie Lorrain-Martin.“We really want to do a world tour and also have her perform in multiple venues at the same time,” says Lorrain-Martin.
Baby goats and wine at yoga class? We're not kidding
Owners of Critter Creek Farm and Cat's Paw Winery, both in Rock Hill, teamed up Saturday for a "baby goat yoga" class, which drew dozens of yogis from as far away as Alabama and West Virginia. A yoga instructor led the class as baby goats played, relaxed and climbed on participants. The farm and winery will continue goat yoga through May.
Menlo Security, a startup with a unique approach to protecting your company from malware and phishing attacks, announced a $40 million Series C round today.
Menlo protects customers by never lets employees access an actual website or email containing malware. Instead, they isolate the original in a container, then display a clean mirror image in the browser, which has been stripped of any of the bad stuff. The thinking goes that if the malware never reaches you, it can't harm you.
As CEO and co-founder Amir Ben-Efraim explained after the company's $25 million Series B round in 2015, “We isolate all web pages and email in the cloud (either public or private). As content gets isolated, it never makes it to the end point. This eliminates the malware at an architectural level.”
It's an effective approach, as Ben-Efraim reports that they now have more than a million users at hundreds of customers and have had zero infections to date.
This kind of results are resonating with customers and investors alike, he says. “We have now at this point hundreds of customers, mostly from the Global 2000. There has been a tremendous uptick in adoption. We are hitting the nail on the head in terms of impact we've been having. The big breaches over the last couple of years [often] trace back to an end user being targeted by malware,” Ben-Efraim said.
This round of funding adds several strategic investors including American Express Ventures, Ericsson Ventures and HSBC. Menlo's existing investors JPMorgan Chase, General Catalyst, Sutter Hill Ventures, Osage University Partners and Engineering Capital also participated. The company has now raised over $85 million.
Tim Dawson, who is head of cyber technology at HSBC, says they are always looking for innovative security solutions. “Cybersecurity is a top priority for us. This investment is an example of how as threats constantly evolve, we will continue to dedicate time and resources to the challenge, exploring innovative ways to protect our clients and staff,” he said in a statement.
The company currently has 125 employees, but Ben-Efraim expects that to increase to close to 200 by the end of 2018. “Series C is tends to be about accelerating go-to market motion,” he said, and to that end, they intend to concentrate those hires on building a worldwide sales and marketing team in the coming year.
Featured Image: nadia_bormotova/Getty Images
A 55-year-old woman was found dead and a man was injured early Monday morning in a fire at a Hillsboro mobile home.
At 4:52 a.m., firefighters responded to the 1900 block of Southeast Minter Bridge Road on the report of a mobile home on fire.
When crews arrived at the scene, they found the home fully engulfed in flames and learned two people had been inside the home when the fire ignited.
By FOX 12 Staff
Read more HERE from KPTV.com
Yoga instructor YuMee Chung teaches her class a move at the Octopus Garden Holistic Yoga Centre. ( Nick Kozak / for the Toronto Star )
To that person who hovers around the squat rack waiting to pounce. And that puffed up gym rat who grunts with every pump. Or that runner who tails too closely on the trail like it's a race: Enough is enough. New year, new you — and that means it's time to stop annoying people when you work out. We asked some local fitness instructors to sound off to the Star about the top pet peeves they hope not to see in 2017. Excessive chalking You are not LeBron James, the elite basketball player who claps his hands in a cloud of chalk to kick off a game. Since you are not LeBron James, trainer Blair Lyon of CrossFit YKV says it's time to ease up on the chalk use at the gym.
Article Continued Below
Co-founder of CrossFit YKV, Blair Lyon, says you are not LeBron James, so you don't need to excessively chalk your hands in the gym. ( Melissa Renwick/Toronto Star )
“Some people basically bathe in the chalk,” says Lyon, who once saw a man use chalk to perform burpees. The man chalked up after every set of 10 leaving hand prints on the floor. Instead, chalk wisely. It's meant to keep hands dry and create a better grip when using a bar, barbell or Olympic rings, Lyon says. Showy breathing Breathing is easy. But for some yoga students, it is laboured and boisterous when it should be subtle and “whispery,” says instructor YuMee Chung, who teaches at Octopus Garden Holistic Yoga Centre. The yogic breath called ujjaya is generated by a gentle squeeze at the back of the throat.
YuMee Chung says your breathing should be subtle and "whispery" while doing yoga, not laboured and boisterous. ( Anne-Marie Jackson/Toronto Star File Photo )
“Some students go to great lengths to breathe loud and proud, ensuring they are heard throughout the studio as if a noisy breath is a badge of honour,” she says. Instead, focus on generating the subtle ujjaya breathing technique, which, Chung says, provides “a point of focus for the practitioner's mind while dynamically controlling the flow of breath.” Treating the gym like a coffee shop Kathleen Trotter is all for having a fitness buddy.
Kathleen Trotter, fitness expert and author of Finding Your Fit, says gyms shouldn't be used like a coffee shop. Save your chatting for the changing room. ( SMILING CAT INC. )
“Going to the gym is way more fun with a friend, but don't hang out on the leg press chatting,” says the fitness expert and author of Finding Your Fit. She's seen and heard it all: weight machines turned into coat racks, cardio machines used for standing still, outside voices spilling details on love lives. Lucky for Trotter, she now owns a boutique studio near Avenue and Davenport Rds. where she says that behaviour is less common than at larger gyms. Instead, talk to your friend after, before or in the change room. Back seat driving No one likes a back seat driver and neither do trainers in the gym. Joel Kerr works with a lot of youth at the Health Institute in Scarborough where he helps train kids as young as 7 years old for sports from gymnastics to track. Many teenagers there are vying for coveted sports scholarships in hockey, basketball or soccer. Naturally, parents come with the territory.
Joel Kerr, owner and founder of the Health Institute gym in Scarborough, says overbearing parents should trust their kid's trainer and not back seat drive fitness. ( Carlos Osorio/ Toronto Star )
“As much as I love every single client and every parent, it's those overbearing parents that are coaching on the side lines and telling us how we should be training the kids who are difficult,” he says. Instead, trust your trainer, even when they're your kid's trainer. Last-minute cancellations No-shows and last-minute cancellations aren't exclusive to small businesses of or the restaurant industry. Small gyms such as Rhonda Roberts Smid's TAB Fitness near Bloor West Village rely heavily on clients to honour their bookings.
Rhonda Roberts Smid, owner of TAB Fitness, says no-shows and last-minute cancellations are her biggest pet peeves. ( Lucas Oleniuk/Toronto Star File Photo )
A sip of dark chocolate balsamic vinegar, several swigs of malt porter with chocolate notes plus a whiff of chocolate coffee and another of chocolate tea.
These temptations are just the tip of the “n'ice berg” awaiting visitors who embark on Stratford's 27-stop Chocolate Trail.
It's a dream come true for chocolate lovers and an especially sweet treat for couples choosing to trek on Valentine's Day.
The popular trail, now in its eighth year, showcases an array of Stratford's specialty shops. It was re-launched earlier this week.
It was our pleasure to preview this year's trail last weekend.
The first stop is the Stratford Tourism office at 47 Downie St., where for $30 plus HST, trekkers receive six coupons and a brochure listing trail locales. Most are within easy walking distance of the historic Queen's Inn, where we settled in as overnight guests, courtesy of Stratford Tourism.
A brief description of each shop and what it offers for a coupon can help you plan your route and perhaps decide if you want to trek together or split up to cater to individual tastes.
Of course everyone's invited to scout all the stops, but there are some tough decisions to be made before parting with a coupon. Some chocolate experiences are devoured immediately while others can accompany you home.
Also, it's best to check the hours of each stop to avoid disappointing your tastebuds. Some are closed on Sundays and the Stratford Festival Shop won't re-open until the theatre season heats up in the spring.
We expected the self-guided trail to feature Stratford's elite candy-making tradition with places such as Rheo Thompson Candies, Chocolate Barr's Candies and Rocky Mountain Chocolate. But there were unexpected delights too.
Three of these are found along tiny York Street, which is tucked between the main drag of Ontario Street and the Avon River. Our eyes popped as we entered what must be the most amazing tea shop in Ontario, Distinctly Tea at 18 York St., Olive Your Favourites at 21 York and the bursting-with-colours Kandy Cakes at 47 York, where we were served by Kandy herself.
At Distinctly Tea we chose to take home a pack of chocolate mint black made with brittle bits, chocolate nut bits and peppermint leaves.
A sample from a row of shiny kegs at Olive Your Favourites, produced a craving for the sample bottle of aged dark chocolate balsamic vinegar from Modena, Italy. The dreamy liquid can be drizzled on ice cream, berries or salad or used as zing for sauce.
At Kandy Cakes, one coupon garnered us two miniature cupcakes — one topped with Perth County bacon, the other with a decadent dollop of silky smooth peanut butter. Kandy advised the pretty treats often sell out during the busy summer festival season.
Back up to Ontario Street we find a trio of decidedly non-­chocolate shops welcoming trail explorers.
Totally Spoke'd is a hip bicycle sales and rental shop (including fat tires for snow cycling trails) whose chocolate treats from Chocosol are a nod to social responsibility and ecology. Chocosol's cocoa beans are sourced from indigenous communities in Mexico and ground using bicycle power.
MacLeods Scottish Shop, selling goods that range from kilts to woollen mittens, presents a box of delicious chocolate chip shortbread cookies from Scotland.
And Bradshaw's, one of the city's retail icons, prepares visitors for home pairing, providing four Brix chocolates and a wine tumbler.
If fudge is your thing, Blowes Cards & Gifts is a must-visit where our coupon was transformed into three delectable bars of locally made fudge.
We skipped the new Sinvention Boutique, an adult entertainment store featuring a Chocolate Pecker Pop, but did get our hearts pumping by popping into what's arguably Stratford's best coffee shop, Revel on Market Square.
Man and woman cannot live by chocolate alone and browsing and shopping at unique, locally owned stores can be thirsty work.
Thankfully, there's craft beer included on the trail and we both readily swapped a pair of coupons for 16-ounce pints of ­chocolate-tinged craft porter at Black Swan Brewing Co. on Downie Street. Lucky us to catch singer-songwriter Derek McIntyre starting a set. He's booked to entertain the last Sunday of every month.
As responsible Chocolate Trail trekkers we circled back to the Queen's Inn and its live-in neighbour, Boar's Head Pub, for a memorable highlight — a flourless brownie served warm with fudge sauce, strawberries and vanilla ice cream. A gluten-free delight.
This year's trail also features chocolate liqueur made in partnership with craft distillery Junction 56 and Rheo Thompson Candies.
The route extends to two neighbouring communities, the colourful British Touch, which is a 10-minute drive away in Shakespeare, and Troyer's Spices in St. Marys.
btaylor@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/suntravelgal
wayne.newton@bell.net
Twitter.com/WayneWriteOn
--- --- ---
INFORMATION ONLINE
visitstratford.ca/stratford-chocolate-trail
--- --- ---
GREAT EATS
You need more than chocolate for sustenance. Stratford's reputation as a foodie mecca is well-known, but perhaps the most sought-after experience is a table at Stratford Chefs School dinners. Located at 136 Ontario St., the $85 dinners feature multi-courses created by renowned visiting chefs and students. To reserve, go to stratfordchef.com/dinners
--- --- ---
STAY THE NIGHT
Stratford has quaint, historic hotels perfect for Valentine's Day or a weekend getaway any time.
• The historic Queen's Inn, at the corner of Ontario and Waterloo streets, is a 32-room hotel that's been welcoming guests since before Confederation. Its rooms are often named in honour of someone — our suite was a tribute to housekeeper Betty Jasper. There are also tales of paranormal activity, including a sighting of a past owner and a woman waving from our third-floor corner suite, which features a fabulous storey-high windowed-dome ceiling. Visit: https://queensinnstratford.ca/
• Parlour Inn, a 56-room vintage hotel located a short walk from Market Square. Parlour Inn was originally the Mansion House, built in 1871 to serve travellers and workers on the Grand Trunk Railway. Visit: http://www.theparlour.ca/
BUILDING character and confidence is the main purpose for the creation of the Basketball and Character Camp 2017, which opened yesterday at the Sacred Heart School-Ateneo de Cebu Magis Eagles Old Campus gym on Gen. Maxilom Ave.
The camp, which was a joint venture of RDAK Transport and Equipment Inc. and Pinoy Dreamers, is giving its campers more than just basketball skills.
“Basketball has always been my advocacy. That is why I did not have second thoughts when I was approached to partner with this project. Having an activity such as this is always encourage kids to be active, to engage in a more productive activity, rather than become a couch potato and doing non-sense computer games,” said RDAK Global Motors CEO Regan King.
The camp is a 15-day activity with Pinoy Youth Dreamers Founder and Director and a former national coach and former head coach of the Cebuana Lhuillier in the PBA D-League Beaujing Acot serving as the lead camp director along with four-time Cebu Schools Athletic Foundation Inc. (Cesafi) high school champion coach Rommel Rasmo as the co-camp director.
“I also believe that basketball is character-building. You will know who is reliable, who will break in pressure games, who will stay calm despite the odds and who will shine. This basketball clinic is not just teaching skills but also gives them confidence and value formation. Along the way we will invite a motivational speaker and famous basketball players who could inspire these young campers to dream big,” added King.
Acot is assisted by the coaching staff of SHS-AdC and some players from the University of San Carlos Warriors.
BEDMINSTER, N.J./SEOUL (Reuters) - President Donald Trump issued a new threat to North Korea on Friday, saying the U.S. military was "locked and loaded" as Pyongyang accused him of driving the Korean peninsula to the brink of nuclear war and world powers expressed alarm.
The Pentagon said the United States and South Korea would proceed as planned with a joint military exercise in 10 days, an action sure to further antagonize North Korea.
China, Russia and Germany voiced dismay at the war of words between Pyongyang and Washington.
Trump, who has pressed China to help rein in its ally North Korea, spoke with Chinese President Xi Jinping by telephone on Friday night, with the two leaders reiterating their mutual commitment to denuclearize the Korean peninsula, the White House said in a statement.
"President Trump and President Xi agreed North Korea must stop its provocative and escalatory behavior," the statement said, adding the relationship between the two presidents was "an extremely close one, and will hopefully lead to a peaceful resolution of the North Korea problem."
Trump and Xi also agreed that the recent adoption of a United Nations Security Council resolution on North Korea was an important step toward achieving peace and stability on the peninsula, the statement said.
China's state media said Xi told Trump the North Korean nuclear issue required a peaceful resolution through talks, and urged the "relevant side" to exercise restraint, avoiding words or action that raise tension.
Trump, vacationing at his Bedminster, New Jersey, golf resort, again referred to North Korea's leader in his latest bellicose remarks. "Military solutions are now fully in place, locked and loaded, should North Korea act unwisely," he wrote on Twitter. "Hopefully Kim Jong-un will find another path!"
The term "locked and loaded," popularized in the 1949 war film "Sands of Iwo Jima" starring American actor John Wayne, refers to preparations for shooting a gun.
Asked later by reporters to explain the remark, Trump said: "Those words are very, very easy to understand."
Again referring to Kim, Trump added, "If he utters one threat ... or if he does anything with respect to Guam or any place else that's an American territory or an American ally, he will truly regret it, and he will regret it fast."
In remarks to reporters after a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley, Trump said the situation with North Korea was "very dangerous and it will not continue."
"We will see what happens. We think that lots of good things could happen, and we could also have a bad solution," he said.
Despite the tough rhetoric, Trump insisted that "nobody loves a peaceful solution better than President Trump."
Trump said he thought U.S. allies South Korea and Japan were "very happy" with how he was handling the confrontation.
The president, a wealthy businessman and former reality television personality, sent his tweet after North Korean state news agency, KCNA said in a statement that "Trump is driving the situation on the Korean peninsula to the brink of a nuclear war."
Guam, the Pacific island that is a U.S. territory, posted emergency guidelines on Friday to help residents prepare for any potential nuclear attack after a threat from North Korea to fire missiles in its vicinity.
Guam is home to a U.S. air base, a Navy installation, a Coast Guard group and roughly 6,000 U.S. military personnel. KCNA said on Thursday the North Korean army would complete plans in mid-August to fire four intermediate-range missiles over Japan to land in the sea 18-25 miles (30-40 km) from Guam.
Trump called the governor of Guam, Eddie Baza Calvo. "We are with you a thousand percent. You are safe," Trump told Calvo, who posted a video of himself speaking with the president on Facebook.
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks to reporters with Vice President Mike Pence at his side at Trump's golf estate in Bedminster, New Jersey U.S. August 10, 2017. Jonathan Ernst
Washington wants to stop Pyongyang from developing nuclear missiles that could hit the United States. North Korea sees its nuclear arsenal as protection against the United States and its partners in Asia.
Trump said he was considering additional sanctions on North Korea, adding these would be "very strong." He gave no details and did not make clear whether he meant unilateral or multilateral sanctions.
U.S. officials have said new U.S. steps that would target Chinese banks and firms doing business with Pyongyang are in the works, but these have appeared to be put on hold to give Beijing time to show it is serious about enforcing new U.N. sanctions.
'OVER THE TOP'
Trump said he did not want to talk about diplomatic "back channels" with North Korea after U.S. media reports that Joseph Yun, the U.S. envoy for North Korea policy, had engaged in diplomacy for several months with Pak Song Il, a senior diplomat at Pyongyang's U.N. mission, on the deteriorating ties and the issue of Americans imprisoned in North Korea.
But Daniel Russel, until April the top U.S. diplomat for East Asia, said this so-called New York channel had been a relatively commonplace means of communication with North Korea over the years, and it was not a forum for negotiation.
"It's never been a vehicle for negotiations and this doesn't constitute substantive U.S.-DPRK dialogue," he said, using the acronym for North Korea's formal name, Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
Slideshow (14 Images)
In Moscow, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov urged Pyongyang and Washington to sign up to a previously unveiled joint Russian-Chinese plan by which North Korea would freeze missile tests and the United States and South Korea would impose a moratorium on large-scale military exercises. Neither the United States nor North Korea has embraced the plan.
Lavrov said the risks of a military conflict over North Korea's nuclear program are very high and Moscow is deeply worried by the threats from both sides.
"Unfortunately, the rhetoric in Washington and Pyongyang is now starting to go over the top," Lavrov said on live state television at a forum for Russian students. "We still hope and believe that common sense will prevail."
The annual joint U.S.-South Korean military exercise, called Ulchi-Freedom Guardian, is expected to proceed as scheduled starting on Aug. 21, said Lieutenant Colonel Christopher Logan, a Pentagon spokesman.
Trump's latest comments were a continuation of days of incendiary rhetoric, including his warning on Tuesday that the United States would unleash "fire and fury" on Pyongyang if it threatened the United States.
Amid the heated words, South Koreans are buying more ready-to-eat meals for emergency use, and the government aims to expand nationwide civil defense drills planned for Aug. 23. Hundreds of thousands of troops and huge arsenals are arrayed on both sides of the tense demilitarized zone between the two Koreas.
TRUMP RESPONDS TO MERKEL
Tension in the region rose when North Korea staged two nuclear bomb tests last year and increased further when it launched two intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) tests in July in defiance of world powers, prompting the United Nations to tighten sanctions on Pyongyang.
The damage inflicted on world stocks this week by the tension topped $1 trillion by Friday, as investors again took cover in the yen, the Swiss franc, gold and government bonds.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said there is no military solution, adding that "an escalation of the rhetoric is the wrong answer."
"I see the need for enduring work at the U.N. Security Council ... as well as tight cooperation between the countries involved, especially the U.S. and China," she told reporters in Berlin.
Trump said hours later, "Let her speak for Germany."
Japanese media reported the government decided to deploy its Patriot missile defence system to four locations in the west of the country.
THE NEW YORK TIMES – JONATHAN MARTIN
Sexual harassment allegations against prominent Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein have led several Democrats to donate thousands of dollars in campaign contributions to charity.
Weinstein personally contributed to the campaigns of many liberal candidates over the years, including Sens. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.), Martin Heinrich (D-N.M.), and Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.)
Leahy, Blumenthal, and Warren plan to donate sums equal to Weinstein's campaign contributions in an effort to distance themselves from the producer. Leahy is expected to donate $5,600 to the Change the Story Initiative for the Women's Fund at the Vermont Community Foundation. Other lawmakers have said they plan to donate to groups against domestic violence.
Weinstein contributed five-figure sums to the presidential campaigns of both former President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, and in 2016 he held a fundraiser at his home for Clinton. More Democrats are expected to donate to charity in light of the allegations. Weinstein released a statement Thursday apologizing for his actions.
In the aftermath of a fire breaking out at Iron Club Agogo in Walking Street, police have brought an air con technician in for questioning.
Tourists looked on as three fire engines attended the smoldering scene the bar described online as one of the top clubs in the area famous for its “remarkable interactive shows”.
Full story: Pattaya One
By Pattaya One
MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian Foreign ministry said on Wednesday it was happy Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko had turned out to be alive after all, but said Ukraine has used his story as propaganda.
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko (R), who was reported murdered in the Ukrainian capital on May 29, Ukrainian Prosecutor General Yuriy Lutsenko (C) and head of the state security service (SBU) Vasily Gritsak attend a news briefing in Kiev, Ukraine May 30, 2018. REUTERS/Valentyn Ogirenko
Babchenko, a dissident Russian journalist who was reported murdered in Kiev, dramatically reappeared alive on Wednesday in the middle of a briefing about his own killing by the Ukrainian state security service.
Archive Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 September 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 April 2000 March 2000 February 2000 January 2000 December 1999 November 1999 October 1999 September 1999 August 1999 July 1999 June 1999 May 1999 April 1999 March 1999 February 1999 January 1999 September 1998 February 1998
EPL 2016/17: Arsenal 2-0 Crystal Palace - Player ratings
Arsenal keep pace with the table toppers with a resounding win.
by Sumedh Analysis 02 Jan 2017, 10:12 IST
The Gunners will look to keep the pressure on the two teams above them with an easy set of fixtures in the offing
A routine victory set the ball rolling for Arsenal in 2017 as the Gunners beat Crystal Palace 2-0 at the Emirates. This win takes them to the third spot on the Premier League table as they hope to catch the likes of Chelsea and Liverpool. Olivier Giroud opened the scoring for the home side with a sensational Scorpion kick from an Alexis Sanchez cross with Wenger claiming it to be the best goal he has seen at the Emirates.
Palace had their share of chances but could not keep the pressure on Arsenal to score an equaliser. Alex Iwobi doubled Arsenal's lead as the win sees the Gunners leapfrog Spurs and Manchester City in the standings. Let's take a look at the player ratings from the first Arsenal game of the calendar year:
Arsenal
Petr Cech - 6.5/10
Cech had a quiet first half but was sharp whenever he was needed. He made three important saves to keep a clean sheet and negate Palace's pressure.
Hector Bellerin - 7/10
The fullback has been crucial to Arsenal's attacks and he proved that yet again as he put in a great shift on the right flank and did well both offensively and defensively.
Gabriel - 7/10
This might be his last start with Mustafi being fit again but the Brazilian made a statement of intent to prove his worth as he handled Benteke to perfection and never gave him a sigh of relief.
Laurent Koscielny - 6.5/10
Another assured performance by the captain as he had very little to deal with but was solid when the opportunity arrived.
Nacho Monreal - 7.5/10
He might not grab the headlines like Bellerin but Monreal has gone on to make his presence felt in the team. He was colossal on the left flank as he handled the threat of Andros Townsend well and also had a hand in the second half with a dangerous cross.
Mohammed Elneny - 6.5/10
Elneny was calm when in possession but looked for easy options rather than creating spaces going forward. He was smart off the ball and cut the opposition's passing lines well.
Granit Xhaka - 6/10
A decent outing for Xhaka where he joined Arsenal's attackers going forward but seldom troubled the Palace defence. The Swiss international dictated the tempo well in the second half.
Alex Iwobi - 8/10
Iwobi continued his good run of form with a goal against Palace
The youngster scored yet again as he was rewarded with a goal for his industrious performance. He showed massive work rate and always looked a threat when in possession.
Lucas Perez - 6/10
Perez received a surprise start and started on the right for the hosts. He made some incisive runs and dominated Ward on his wing.
Alexis Sanchez - 7/10
The Chilean enjoyed toying the Palace defence as he created many opportunities and was Arsenal's primary creative outlet in Özil's absence.
Olivier Giroud - 9/10
Everyone will hope that 2017 will just be sensational like the Frenchman's goal as he scored an absolute belter. Even after the goal, he was a threat throughout the game and was a strong presence in Palace's box.
Substitutes
Francis Coquelin - 6/10
Coquelin played for 20 minutes and was resolute in clearing the ball when needed and helped Arsenal to cross the finishing line.
Aaron Ramsey - 6.5/10
Ramsey replaced Perez and continued his good work on the right side and whipped in some delightful crosses for Giroud to feed on.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain - 6/10
The Ox looked comfortable in possession and was very close to scoring in the final few moments of the game.
Allardyce not off to the best of starts
Crystal Palace
Wayne Hennessey - 6.5/10
He could do nothing to sort Giroud's wonder goal but did everything in his control to help Palace suffer a massive beating and succeeded in that with some brilliant saves.
Martin Kelly - 5/10
The former Liverpool man struggled against the pace of Sanchez and was a liability for Sam Allardyce from the word go.
Scott Dann - 5.5/10
Dann was up against a pacy attacking unit and he failed to come up strongly against that. Though he made some important interceptions, Dann struggled to cope with Arsenal's pace.
James Tomkins - 5.5/10
Tomkins returned to the starting lineup after an injury and got completely dominated by Olivier Giroud as he failed to handle his threat to the tee.
Joel Ward - 5/10
Like Kelly, the fullback struggled to contain Perez as he failed to catch runs of first Perez and then Chamberlain as they beat him at will.
Mathieu Flamini - 6/10
Flamini made a return to his former club but failed to help his side achieve something against Arsenal
He received a good welcome at the Emirates and played as a third centre back with Arsenal attacking incessantly. He too struggled with Arsenal's creativity and was very slow to react at times.
Yohan Cabaye - 5/10
He was not able to influence the proceedings and failed to create any good opportunity for the likes of Zaha and Benteke.
Wilfred Zaha - 5.5/10
Not a night to remember for Zaha and co.
Zaha was invisible in the first half but was decent in the second. His attacks were largely reduced by Bellerin's surging runs forward which pegged him to track back and defend.
Andros Townsend - 6/10
He showed immense work rate and also created some rare chances for his teammates to take advantage of on the counter.
Jason Puncheon - 5/10
A bad night for Puncheon as he was denied enough time on the ball and also was sluggish when tracking back.
Christian Benteke - 5.5/10
It was going to be a quiet night for the Belgian as he was isolated up forward and failed to take advantage of some of the half chances that were presented to him.
Substitutes
Jordan Mutch - 5/10
Defensively, Mutch made some important interceptions but on the ball, he lost possession on a number of occasions.
Chung-Yong Lee - 6/10
Lee could not do much in the short span he was on the field but made some good passes in his short cameo.
Frazer Campbell - 4.5/10
He replaced Benteke but met with the same fate as him and endured a frustrating night as he was devoid of any service.
Join Plus+ and get exclusive shows and extensions! Subscribe Today!
This week we load up the ark with history's greatest zoological myths and mistakes to discover the truth about animals.
We discover the benefits of Hippo Slime, Beaver Balls and Eel sex while stopping along the way to DNA test “snarge” and uncover its secrets.
This episode is EXCLUSIVE to Plus+ members. To join, click HERE.
Links
CHONBURI — At least 23 people were killed Monday afternoon when a van and truck burst into flames after colliding in the Ban Bueng district of Chonburi province.
The van was traveling from Chanthaburi to Bangkok when it collided at about 2pm with the pickup on Highway No. 344. Both vehicles were engulfed in flames and 23 people died instantly, including passengers and the driver of the van.
Full story: khaosodenglish.com
By Chayanit Itthipongmaetee
The following are the radio dispatch logs from the Morgan City Police Department. To report unlawful or suspicious activity, call the police department at 985-380-4605.
Friday, Aug. 11
6:34 a.m. 1000 block of Brashear Avenue; Theft.
8:19 a.m. 2400 block of Hemlock Street; Medical.
10:34 a.m. 2000 block of Keith Street; Theft.
10:59 a.m. 1000 block of First Street; Medical.
12:08 p.m. 7200 block of La. 182; Complaint.
12:23 p.m. 400 block of Levee Road; Complaint.
12:55 p.m. 1800 block of East Garner Street; Complaint.
1:30 p.m. 900 block of Railroad Avenue; Complaint.
2:06 p.m. 6600 block of La. 182; Alarm.
2:14 p.m. 2300 block of Clements Street; Assistance.
3:05 p.m. 200 block of South Railroad Avenue; Complaint.
4:11 p.m. 1000 block of Shaw Street; Complaint.
4:37 p.m. 900 block of Marguerite Street; Animal complaint.
6:07 p.m. 500 block of Freret Street; Officer stand by.
7:17 p.m. 1700 block of Elk Street; Complaint.
7:35 p.m. 300 block of Cardinal Street; Medical.
7:42 p.m. 1400 block of Federal Avenue; Disturbance.
7:56 p.m. 3200 block of Lake Palourde Road; Medical.
8:21 p.m. 7500 block of La. 182; Suspicious person.
8:23 p.m. 800 block of South Everett Street; Disturbance.
8:24 p.m. 7200 block of La. 182; Traffic incident.
9:29 p.m. 500 block of Orange Street; Medical.
9:32 p.m. Federal Avenue and Everett Street; Animal.
11:39 p.m. 600 block of Brashear Avenue; Suspicious person.
Saturday, Aug. 12
12:38 a.m. 1000 block of La. 70; Suspicious person.
12:42 a.m. 3000 block of Roderick Street; Suspicious person.
7:22 a.m. 800 block of Ninth Street; Alarm.
10:27 a.m. 3100 block of Vine Drive; Crash.
10:57 a.m. Martin Luther King Boulevard; Crash.
11:39 a.m. La. 182 East; Traffic incident.
12:30 p.m. 900 block of Marguerite Street; Complaint.
1:05 p.m. Martin Luther King Boulevard; Traffic incident.
5:13 p.m. 1600 block of Parlange Street; Animal complaint.
5:16 p.m. 200 block of Franklin Street; Com-plaint.
6:31 p.m. 7100 block of Park Street; Suspicious activity.
6:58 p.m. 300 block of Franklin Street; Officer stand by.
8:05 p.m. 900 block of Poplar Street; Phone harassment.
8:12 p.m. 1600 block of Willow Bend Drive; Civil matter.
9:06 p.m. 7400 block of La. 182; Disturbance.
9:17 p.m. 100 block of Wren Street; Medical.
11:09 p.m. 900 block of Railroad Avenue; Disturbance.
Sunday, Aug. 13
2:01 a.m. 300 block of Second Street; Patrol request.
2:10 a.m. 200 block of Robin Street; 911 hang up.
2:23 a.m. U.S. 90 East; Reckless driving.
3:19 a.m. 3000 block of Lesley Drive; Complaint.
7:12 a.m. 700 block of Myrtle Street; Medical.
8:45 a.m. Maple Street; Arrest.
9:30 a.m. Railroad Avenue and Halsey Street; Animal complaint.
11:50 a.m. Morgan City; Assistance.
12:13 p.m. 300 block of Greenwood Street; Alarm.
12:44 p.m. 6400 block of La. 182; Complaint.
12:54 p.m. 2000 block of Cedar Street; War-rant.
1:09 p.m. U.S. 90 East; Crash.
1:42 p.m. 2200 block of Federal Avenue; Disturbance.
1:56 p.m. 3000 block of Catherine Street; Alarm.
3:09 p.m. 1400 block of Lakewood Drive; Alarm.
3:10 p.m. 1500 block of Sixth Street; Alarm.
3:20 p.m. 500 block of First Street; Complaint.
3:40 p.m. 2100 block of Maple Street; Crash.
3:58 p.m. 700 block of Fifth Street; Complaint.
4:23 p.m. 6400 block of La. 182; Traffic incident.
4:52 p.m. 6400 block of La. 182; Complaint.
5:49 p.m. 3000 block of Keith Street; 911 hang up.
6:13 p.m. Federal Avenue and Barrow Street; Suspicious activity.
7:34 p.m. 600 block of Front Street; Accident.
8:49 p.m. 1200 block of Youngs Road; Assistance.
8:51 p.m. 1600 block of Victor II Boulevard; Loud music.
9:27 p.m. 7000 block of La. 182; Complaint.
10:08 p.m. Brashear Avenue and David Drive; Accident.
10:27 p.m. Greenwood and Second streets; Suspicious activity.
11:11 p.m. 900 block of Railroad Avenue; Frequent patrols.
Monday, Aug. 14
12:47 a.m. 500 block of Roderick Street; Assistance.
3:24 a.m. 200 block of Glenwood Street; Loud music.
3:26 a.m. U.S. 90 West; Stalled vehicle.
The Royal Thai Navy has admitted it has agreed to buy a number of cruise missiles from the United States, but denies the prime minister or defence minister were involved as the purchase is part of a previously agreed contract.
It said the deal is not new but part of a frigate-building contract made with South Korea three years ago.
Full story: Bangkok Post
WASSANA NANUAM
BANGKOK POST
* Chinese yuan top performing currency for the week * Philippine peso worst performing currency for the week * South Korean won at over 1-mth low (Adds text, updates prices) By Ambar Warrick Feb 2 (Reuters) - China's yuan hit a more than two-year high on Friday, but most other Asian currencies fell and were on track to end the week lower as investors grew cautious ahead of U.S. employment data due later in the global day. Nonfarm payrolls in the U.S. are expected to rise by 180,000 in January, according to a Reuters poll, compared to a 148,000 rise in December. Optimism about the U.S. economy, bolstered by comments from the Federal Reserve, has undermined Asian currencies this week by triggering a slight recovery in the dollar and U.S. bond yields, although the greenback is still set to end the week lower. "The market is wary of upside surprises in tonight's U.S. monthly jobs report. The odds for US nonfarm payrolls to beat the 180k consensus for January and come in above 200k cannot be discounted," DBS said in a research note. In Asia, the yuan was among the few gainers, rising about 0.2 percent against the dollar after the central bank set a stronger midpoint fixing. The currency has benefitted largely from stronger midpoint fixes and general dollar weakness, making it among the few Asian currencies set to end the week higher. The yuan was at its highest level since August 2015, when China shocked global markets with a sharp 2 percent one-off currency devaluation. "Markets will pay close attention to the daily fixing in the next few days to gauge whether there is any potential sign of discomfort about the recent yuan appreciation," OCBC said in a research note. The Malaysian ringgit was also higher against the dollar as it resumed trade following two days of holidays. It was on track to end the week slightly lower. On the other hand, the South Korean won fell to a more than one-month low against the dollar. It was the biggest intraday loser among its peers. Following suit were the Philippine Peso and the Singapore dollar. WEEKLY PERFORMANCE OF ASIAN CURRENCIES, barring the yuan and the Thai baht were on track to end the week lower. "Foreign sentiment towards emerging-market assets turned mixed, as the market become more cautious on risky assets after FOMC meeting minutes were released on January 31," Standard Chartered said in a research note. The Philippine peso was on track to be the worst performing Asian currency for the week, shedding more than 1.5 percent to the dollar. The South Korean won was a close second, shedding about 1.3 percent. The yuan on the other hand, was on track to end the week more than 0.7 percent higher, while the baht scraped by with marginal gains. The following table shows rates for Asian currencies against the dollar at 0451 GMT. CURRENCIES VS U.S. DOLLAR Change on the day at 0451 GMT Currency The Latest bid Previous day Pct Move Japan yen 109.650 109.39 -0.24 Sing dlr 1.312 1.3080 -0.33 Taiwan dlr 29.226 29.207 -0.07 Korean won 1078.700 1071.9 -0.63 Baht 31.340 31.34 +0.00 Peso 51.640 51.58 -0.12 Rupiah 13440.000 13425 -0.11 Rupee 64.070 64.02 -0.09 Ringgit 3.887 3.8995 +0.32 Yuan 6.282 6.2965 +0.23 Change so far in 2018 Currency The Latest bid End 2017 Pct Move Japan yen 109.650 112.67 +2.75 Sing dlr 1.312 1.3373 +1.91 Taiwan dlr 29.226 29.848 +2.13 Korean won 1078.700 1070.50 -0.76 Baht 31.340 32.58 +3.96 Peso 51.640 49.93 -3.31 Rupiah 13440.000 13565 +0.93 Rupee 64.070 63.87 -0.31 Ringgit 3.887 4.0440 +4.04 Yuan 6.282 6.5069 +3.58 (Reporting by Ambar Warrick in Bengaluru; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips and Kim Coghill)
Several activist groups are planning a rally by the river in downtown Des Moines on Thursday — which is World Water Day.
Jessye Waxman, an Iowa field organizer for Mighty Earth, says they want to both celebrate and raise awareness about the importance of access to clean water. Waxman says, “We're working to reduce the meat industry's impact on water contamination and we're trying to get the biggest meat producer in the country, Tyson Foods, to commit to buying animal feed grown using sustainable practices as a way to tackle this water pollution problem.”
Sixty-five percent of Iowa is dedicated to growing corn, soybeans and livestock, Waxman claims, and conventional growing practices bring significant runoff. “This has impacts on our environment. All of these nutrients, toxins, they run off and get into our waterways, cause a lot of ecological problems like leading to the ‘dead zone' in the Gulf of Mexico which this year was the size of New Jersey,” Waxman says. “These heightened levels of nitrates are hazardous to our health. They increase rates of cancer and birth defects.”
The group claims more than 500,000 Iowans are exposed to unsafe levels of chemicals related to runoff from industrial agriculture.
“Enough is enough, right? It's time that we demand an end to this pollution,” Waxman says. “It's possible to have good food without damaging our health or the environment or the communities in which we're raising and growing this food.”
The rally is scheduled for 5:15 PM on the River Walk beside the World Food Prize Hall of Laureates. It's being organized by three groups: Mighty Earth, Iowa CCI, and the Des Moines branch of the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom. For more information, visit the Mighty Earth Des Moines Facebook page.
Creation VI joins Cryo Chamber with the album ‘Deus Sive Natura'
Drone veteran act Creation VI (started in 2006 by the duo Tim Six & Aloe, based in Yaroslavl, Russia) presents us with his debut album on Cryo Chamber: “Deus Sive Natura”. Interesting to know for the audio fanatics, the material has been recorded on old tapes “for a fuzzy warmth” as the band describes it.
On the album you'll find an abundant use of acoustic instruments like blockflute, chinese flute (hulusi), shruti-box, harmonica, ocarina, kazoo, bells, chimes, seeds & seedpods. Add to that tribal drums and you recognise immediately that this is hypnotic ritual shaman material. Especially – and warmly – recommended for those of you who enjoy Ugasanie, Paleowolf and field recordings.
You can order the album right here on Bandcamp as a high quality audio download or as a 6-panel digital (limited to just 500 copies) with splendid artwork by Cryo Chamber boss Simon Heath.
Deus Sive Natura by Creation VI
This post is syndicated from Side-Line Music Magazine.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
2018 Ford F-150 Enlarge Photo
Ford's F-150 has just been updated. It's now got best-in-class towing, improved fuel economy, and a host of other attributes. What's it like to drive? Click on the link below.
The A7 is the next model in the Audi portfolio to be given a redesign. Our latest spy shots show clear influences from Audi's Prologue concept as well as some much more pronounced character lines.
Opting for a V-8 in the Chevrolet Camaro is a much pricier move than in the Ford Mustang and Dodge Challenger. Chevy realizes this and is considering lowering the price of the V-8-powered Camaro SS by deleting some of the pricier features that are currently standard.
You'll find all these stories and more in today's car news, right here at Motor Authority.
2018 Ford F-150 first drive review: so good you won't even notice
2019 Audi A7 spy shots and video
Chevy assesses more affordable Camaro V-8 to challenge Mustang, Challenger
Mini has a car just for students, and it's priced below $20,000
2019 Nissan Altima spy shots
Baojun E100: GM's tiny, 2-seat electric car for China
Opel's range-topping SUV put on hold following brand's sale to PSA Group
2017 Chrysler Pacifica long-term road test: what do our passengers say?
Mini will preview electric car with 2017 Frankfurt auto show concept
We visited NYC's Ford Hub; we still don't know what it was
Central Michigan's Marcus Keene averaged 30 points per game last season, the first player to achieve the feat since 1997. (Photo: Central Michigan University)
Auburn Hills — It's back to the grind for Michigan's Zak Irvin and Central Michigan's Marcus Keene.
Not that the grind ever really ended, but they're not looking to take on prominent roles like they did at their college programs; rather, they're just trying to get a shot. With a week left before the NBA draft, they're finishing their final workouts and hoping they can make enough of an impression to be selected in the second round.
Even if they don't get their name called in the draft, they still could try to earn their way to a roster by making a summer league squad, hoping to get a better shot at an invitation to a training camp in the fall.
It's been a long road just to get to this point, with plenty of workouts and flights across the country to get some face time with team scouts and front-office staff.
Wednesday's opportunity with the Detroit Pistons was the ninth NBA pre-draft workout for Irvin. There's plenty of game tape on him — he played 142 games, tied for the career mark at Michigan. Michigan's run to the Big Ten tournament title and a spot in the Sweet 16 gave him a little extra exposure.
“I took some strides in the right direction toward the end of the year,” Irvin said. “I really wasn't focused on my draft stock throughout the season.”
But now, it's time to start making some strides. Neither Keene nor Irvin is projected as a draft choice and if that doesn't change, they'll have to work with their agents to wade through the waters of free agency to try to find the right team and the right fit.
In some ways, it's better not to be drafted, to allow for that freedom to pick a fit, but a shot is a shot. For Keene, a 5-foot-9 guard, the challenges are obvious, in trying to show that he can contribute with a smaller frame.
The comparisons to the Boston Celtics' Isaiah Thomas are obvious, but Keene is leaning on his scoring ability as his calling card. He averaged 30 points per game — the first player to achieve that feat since 1997 — but the questions will come about whether it really matters at a mid-major school.
“I'm showing teams what I can do throughout the workouts, which is what I did throughout the season and it feels like it's going well now,” Keene said. “Teams compare me to Isaiah Thomas and I feel I can bring that type of scoring power off the bench and whatever the team may need.
“That's what I'm going to continue to work on: getting in better shape and showing teams I can score at the highest level and keep working on my game and everything else I do.”
Zak Irvin (Photo: Robin Buckson, Detroit News)
After having major roles in college, the two must prove themselves all over again, at two of the most critical spots on the floor. As wing players are plentiful in the NBA, Irvin knows that he'll have to have a specific skill set to stick — hitting 3-pointers and playing good defense.
At 6-foot-6, he has the size and after shooting 34 percent from beyond the arc, he's looking to show that he's over the back surgery he had two years ago that slowed his Michigan career. After his sophomore year, in which he hit 36 percent from 3, he struggled some, but can see a path to the league.
For Keene, it's another issue, with having to show that he can overcome his size. He hit 37 percent and averaged about four made 3-pointers per game. He can look, though, at other recent players under 6 feet who were able to make it in the NBA, including Oakland's Kay Felder, who was drafted by the Cleveland Cavaliers in the second round.
“I saw what (Felder) did at a mid-major and I watched him a lot because I knew I could do the same thing he did to get to this spot,” Keene said. “Even Tyler Ulis, who played at Kentucky. When the Phoenix Suns gave him a chance toward the end of the year, he showed that little guards can play in the league. Watching (Thomas, Felder and Ulis) throughout the year has motivated me and helped me get to where I am now.”
Those are good templates, but it's going to take more work and convincing at least one team to take a chance on him, looking mostly at the offensive end as the benefit.
Irvin has many more Michigan teammates, including Caris LeVert, Nik Stauskas and Glenn Robinson III. Irvin's backcourt mate, Derrick Walton Jr., also worked out for the Pistons on Tuesday and gave Irvin a heads-up on what to expect.
“I have two more workouts left,” Irvin said. “The process goes by quick and I'm enjoying every step of the way.”
He'll enjoy it more if he hears his name called during the draft next week.
Rod.Beard@detroitnews.com
Twitter: @detnewsRodBeard
Guillermo Del Toro's “The Shape of Water,” Steven Spielberg's “The Post,” and Martin McDonagh's “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri” were among the big winners as nominations for the 75th Golden Globe Awards were unveiled on Monday.
“Three Billboards,” a revenge drama, “The Post,” a dramatic re-telling of the Pentagon Papers saga, and “The Shape of Water,” a sci-fi romance, earned best film and director nods in addition to picking up nominations for the performances of several of its actors. “The Shape of Water” nabbed a leading seven nominations, while “Three Billboards” and “The Post” picked up six a piece. The other best drama nominees were Christopher Nolan's World War II epic “Dunkirk” and Luca Guadagnino's lyrical romance “Call Me by Your Name.”
Unlike other awards shows, the Globes separates its film honors into the best drama and best musical or comedy categories. It also hands out hardware to television shows. The Globes are a looser, boozier affair than the more staid Oscars, with A-list stars downing flutes of Moet between victory speeches. They are also the subject of some controversy for their insular voting body of roughly 90 members of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, which in the past has shown an appetite for accepting lavish junkets and meals from contending films and studios. The group is comprised of international journalists, and has made efforts to clean up its ethical guidelines in recent years.
On the television front, HBO's “Big Little Lies,” a water-cooler hit about a murder in a tony Monterey enclave, was also dominant, picking up six nominations. It finds itself facing off against FX's “Fargo” and “Feud: Bette and Joan,” as well as USA's “The Sinner” and IFC's “Top of the Lake: China Girl” in the best TV limited series or movie category.
Netflix's “The Crown” and “Stranger Things” will duke it out with Hulu's “The Handmaid's Tale,” HBO”s “Game of Thrones,” and NBC's “This is Us” for the best TV drama Golden Globe. In the best comedy category, ABC's “Black-ish,” Showtime's “SMILF,” and NBC's “Will & Grace” will square off against two buzzy programs from the world of streaming — Amazon's “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel” and Netflix's “Master of None.”
Family film hits “The Boss Baby” and “Coco” scored best animated film Golden Globes nominations. They will face off against “Ferdinand,” a yet-to-be released animated film, and two adult skewing films “The Breadwinner” and “Loving Vincent.” “The LEGO Batman Movie” and “Despicable Me 3,” two of the year's biggest animated hits, were shut out.
Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman, who starred in “Big Little Lies,” picked up best actress in a TV limited series or movie nominations, along with Jessica Biel (“The Sinner”),Jessica Lange, (“Feud: Bette and Joan”), and Susan Sarandon (“Feud: Bette and Joan”). It's a sign of the blurring of boundaries between the big and small screen. All five actresses are best known for the work in movies, but television has been offering meatier parts of late.
The same kind of prestige was evident in the best actor in a TV limited series or movie category. Two time Oscar winner Robert De Niro scored a nod for playing disgraced financier Bernie Madoff in HBO's “The Wizard of Lies,” Academy Award winner Geoffrey Rush was recognized for playing Albert Einstein in the Discovery Channel's “Genius,” and two-time Oscar nominee Jude Law picked up a nomination for playing a radical pontiff in HBO's “The Young Pope.”
Kyle MacLachlan (“Twin Peaks”) and Ewan McGregor (“Fargo”) rounded out the category.
Hugh Jackman scored the best actor in a musical or comedy nod for his singing and dancing work as circus impresario P.T. Barnum in “The Greatest Showman.” He faces off against tween heartthrob Ansel Elgort as a getaway driver in “Baby Driver,” Steve Carell's turn as sexist tennis champ Bobby Riggs in “Battle of the Sexes,” James Franco's work as a delusional director in “The Disaster Artist,” and Daniel Kaluuya's performance as a houseguest in for a world of hurt in “Get Out.”
This year's awards are being unveiled at a tumultuous time in Hollywood history. Bombshell reports about Harvey Weinstein's decades of alleged sexual harassment and abuse have widened to ensnare other industry figures. Kevin Spacey, Brett Ratner, Dustin Hoffman, and Matt Lauer are just a few of the major media and entertainment personalities who are now facing accusations of misconduct.
Despite facing sexual harassment allegations, Rush picked up a nomination for best actor in a TV limited series for “Genius.” Christopher Plummer wasn't accused of any misdeeds, but the celebrated thespian owes his nod to the harassment scandal. Plummer was a last-minute stand-in for Kevin Spacey, re-shooting his scenes as J. Paul Getty in “All the Money in the World.” He earned the best supporting actor nod. Ridley Scott, who made the decision to scrub Spacey from the film after allegations accusing the actor of unwanted groping of several men surfaced, was honored with the best director nomination. His competition includes Spielberg, Del Toro, Nolan, and McDonagh. Guadagnino was snubbed for his work on “Call Me By Your Name.”
Plummer will face off against Willem Dafoe (“The Florida Project”), Armie Hammer (“Call Me by Your Name”), Richard Jenkins (“The Shape of Water”), and Sam Rockwell (“Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri”)
The supporting actress category consists of Mary J. Blige (“Mudbound”), Hong Chau (“Downsizing”), Allison Janney (“I, Tonya”), Laurie Metcalf (“Lady Bird”), and
Octavia Spencer (“The Shape of Water”)
Globe winners aren't always predictive of future Oscars glory. Last year, the organization gave its top musical/comedy prize to “La La Land” and its best drama statue to “Moonlight,” which went on to pick up the Academy Award for Best Picture. However, it failed to recognize the two previous Best Picture Oscar winners, “Spotlight” and “Birdman.”
The Globes will be televised by NBC on Sunday, January 7, 2018. Seth Meyers will host the broadcast, taking the reins from his fellow late night TV staple Jimmy Fallon, who emceed last year.
More to come…
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Millrock Resources Inc:
* MILLROCK RESOURCES INC SAYS WILL VEND ITS TODD CREEK PROJECT TO SOJOURN EXPLORATION INC
* MILLROCK RESOURCES - IF TRANSACTION IS COMPLETED MILLROCK WILL BE 19.9% OWNER OF SOJOURN, AND ROYALTY HOLDER ON PROPERTIES
* MILLROCK RESOURCES INC - CONCURRENTLY WITH CLOSING OF PROPOSED TRANSACTION, SOJOURN‘S BOARD WILL BE RECONSTITUTED TO COMPRISE FIVE DIRECTORS
* MILLROCK RESOURCES - ADDITIONALLY, UNDER PROPOSAL, SOJOURN WILL ISSUE SHARES TO SEVEN DEVILS EXPLORATION LTD FOR FOUR BRITISH COLUMBIA PROJECTS
* MILLROCK RESOURCES-‍ SDE TEAM WILL SERVE AS INCOMING MANAGEMENT FOR SOJOURN Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE - This September 2017 file photo provided by Metro Nashville Police Department shows Emanuel Kidega Samson, who is charged with murder in the Sept. 24 slaying of a woman at Burnette Chapel Church of Christ in Nashville. Samson faces a 43-count indictment, including first-degree murder, attempted murder and felony civil rights intimidation charges. His arraignment is Tuesday, March 20, 2018. (Metro Nashville Police Department via AP, File)
FILE - This September 2017 file photo provided by Metro Nashville Police Department shows Emanuel Kidega Samson, who is charged with murder in the Sept. 24 slaying of a woman at Burnette Chapel Church of Christ in Nashville. Samson faces a 43-count indictment, including first-degree murder, attempted murder and felony civil rights intimidation charges. His arraignment is Tuesday, March 20, 2018. (Metro Nashville Police Department via AP, File)
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) - The man accused of fatally shooting a woman and wounding six people at a Tennessee church in September faces a 43-count indictment, including charges of first-degree murder, attempted murder and felony civil rights intimidation.
The grand jury indictment in Davidson County against 26-year-old Emanuel Kidega Samson comes several months after the Burnette Chapel Church of Christ shooting in Nashville. He has been held without bond since September. His arraignment is March 28. He hasn't appeared in court yet.
An arrest affidavit from September says Samson waived his rights and told police he arrived armed and fired at the church. The Sunday shooting rampage killed 38-year-old Melanie L. Crow of Smyrna, Tennessee. She was shot in the church parking lot.
All of the victims in the church shooting were white, but authorities have not definitively said whether they believe Samson, who is black, specifically targeted them based on their race or not. The indictment doesn't specify which civil rights were infringed upon.
In October, Nashville Police Detective Steve Jolley testified that a note in Samson's car referred to a white supremacist's 2015 massacre at a South Carolina black church.
The note found on the dashboard read something like, "Dylann Roof was less than nothing," Jolley said.
"It was really kind of just vague," Jolley said.
But Jolley said Samson downplayed the role of race to detectives.
"I asked him specifically and he said that he didn't give much thought to race," Jolley said. "I think he also said the same thing about religion. So he didn't indicate to me any particular thing for motivation."
Jolley said Samson also told him he heard voices and had visions. Samson wouldn't elaborate on a vision of the church when pressed by police during an interview, Jolley said.
Authorities have said Samson came to the U.S. from Sudan as a child in 1996 and is a U.S. citizen.
The FBI and U.S. attorney's office in Nashville quickly opened a civil rights investigation into the shooting.
Churchgoer Robert Caleb Engle has testified that during the rampage, he twice confronted the gunman, who was wearing a tactical vest and a motorcycle-style mask with a clown smile on it. Engle said he was pistol-whipped three times in the head. At one point, he pushed the gun back on the shooter and a shot fired, striking the gunman and sending him to the ground.
Engle said his father kicked the gun away, stood on the shooter's hand and told Engle to go get his gun out of his truck.
Engle came back with his weapon, put his foot on the shooter's back and stood guard until first responders arrived.
According to police records, Samson struggled to hold a job, had a volatile relationship with a woman that twice involved police this year, and also had expressed suicidal thoughts in June.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - S&P Global Ratings:
* S&P SAYS STATE OF KUWAIT RATINGS AFFIRMED AT 'AA/A-1+'; OUTLOOK STABLE Source text: bit.ly/2nwJN8e
From sleigh bells to sleigh rides, your favorite Christmas songs are coming to downtown Saginaw.
The Saginaw Bay Symphony Orchestra is hosting their annual Christmas concert at the Temple Theater on Tuesday.
"It's probably our largest show. We'll have anywhere from 1,500 to 1,700 be coming into the Temple Theater on Tuesday evening," said Daniel McGoo, CEO of the orchestra.
Those music lovers will hear holiday favorite songs.
Music director and conductor Fouad Fakkhouri said the first part of the concert will feature the adults playing Christmas favorites. Then the kids will come on stage.
"They are pieces from the classical repertoire, so the kids will perform with us Ravel's Bolero, Shostakovich Festive Overture and Tchaikovsky's piece from the Nutcracker," Fakkhouri said.
After working with young musicians, Fakkhouri is confident classical music has a very bright future, that it's not going away anytime soon.
"The kids end up learning tremendously from the adults and you can tell. I mean, when they sit next to them all of a sudden their posture is great. They're really working very hard and they're focused on a level that they weren't on before," Fakkhouri said.
He said the adults are happy as well.
"You look at their faces, they're happy because they're dealing with kids and I think it reminds them of their youth and when they were starting out just like those kids," Fakkhouri said.
The show starts at 8 p.m.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
South Korean stocks opened higher Tuesday, tracking gains on Wall Street, amid eased market uncertainties. The Korean won rose against the US dollar.
The benchmark Korea Composite Stock Price Index gained 5.12 points, or 0.24 percent, to 2,150.88 in the first 15 minutes of trading.
Analysts expected the main index to get a boost from the United States' decision not to designate South Korea as a currency manipulator in Tuesday's session.
The Dow Jones industrial average gained 0.90 percent, and the tech-heavy NASDAQ also advanced 0.89 percent Monday (US time).
Tech and utility stocks led gains, with market behemoth Samsung Electronics rising 0.24 percent and No. 2 chipmaker SK hynix climbing 1.02 percent. Utility firm Korea Electric Power Corp. advanced 1.22 percent.
Defensive stocks, which are less prone to external changes and provide constant earnings, shed gains from the previous session.
No. 1 cosmetics company AmorePacific fell 0.18 percent, and industry leader Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance declined 0.18 percent.
The local currency was trading at 1,133.10 won against the US dollar, a gain of 4.60 won from the previous session's close. (Yonhap)
Pluto TV isn't concerned about the growing number of cord-cutting consumers seeking content via paid streaming options.
In this week's episode of the Variety podcast “Strictly Business,” Pluto CEO Tom Ryan expressed his faith in the OTT service, which delivers hundreds of channels to more than 6 million users for free.
“We are one of many players, but I think we're quite a differentiated player,” Ryan said. “When we launched the service live in 2014, everyone said, ‘Everything is going on-demand, and subscription is the only way to do it.' We had a different opinion about delivering a programmed, linear-ized experience — or leading with it at least — and also going free, which we also saw as an underappreciated opportunity.”
Pluto TV offers a mix of channels that span multiple networks — like News 24/7, which aggregates different networks' takes on news stories — as well as content from singular networks like NBC or Scripps. While Ryan advocated for the consumer appeal of having options, he also acknowledged the decreasing popularity of linear programming.
“Anyone listening to this podcast is probably familiar with the acceleration in cord-cutting, and perhaps even more serious is the fact that lots of younger people are not connecting the cord to begin with,” Ryan said.
Related Strictly Business Podcast: Byron Allen Expands in TV and Film, Fights for 'Economic Inclusion' Strictly Business Podcast: Tyra Banks on Becoming a Boss and Building Her Brand
Pluto is trying to capitalize on this trend — by offering free linear programming on mobile platforms — while sticking to the belief that channel surfing is human nature.
“One of the misconceptions over the past few years is that everything's moving to on-demand, and one of our core theses is actually that the linear use — the programmed use case — is alive and well and will remain alive and well in the digital space because people fundamentally want to be programmed to.”
“Strictly Business” is Variety‘s weekly podcast featuring conversations with industry leaders about the business of entertainment. Listen to the podcast below for the full interview, or check out previous “Strictly Business” episodes featuring comedian/actor/producer Kevin Hart, ICM Partners agent Esther Newberg, and HBO chairman/CEO Richard Plepler. A new episode debuts each Tuesday and can be downloaded on iTunes, Google Play, Stitcher, and SoundCloud.
In today's film news roundup, Paramount dates “Book Club” against “Deadpool 2,” Julianne Nicholson takes the lead in an Argentinian comedy, and Jason London's “As Far as the Eye Can See” gets sold.
RELEASE DATE
Paramount Pictures has set a May 18 opening the comedy “Book Club,” starring Diane Keaton, Jane Fonda, Candice Bergen, and Mary Steenburgen.
It will open against Fox's “Deadpool 2” and Open Road's “Show Dogs.” Andy Garcia, Don Johnson, Craig T. Nelson, Richard Dreyfuss, Alicia Silverstone, Tommy Dewey, Katie Aselton, Ed Begley Jr., and Wallace Shawn are also starring.
Bill Holderman is directing from a script co-wrote with Erin Simms about four friends in their 60s who read “Fifty Shades of Grey” in their monthly book club and have their lives forever changed. Holderman, Simms, Andrew Duncan, and Alex Saks are producing the project.
“Book Club” is financed by June Pictures and Endeavor Content. The film was unveiled at the Cannes Film Festival in May.
CASTINGS
Julianne Nicholson and Argentina's Diego Peretti are starring in the dark comedy “Iniciales SG” (Initials SG), Variety has learned exclusively.
Related Toronto Film Review: 'Who We Are Now' Julianne Nicholson Joins Margot Robbie's 'I, Tonya' Movie
Rania Attieh and Daniel Garcia are directing from their own script. The film is produced by Ivan Eibuszyc of Frutacine S.R.L. and Shruti Ganguly of Honto88. Shooting is underway and will continue through February.
The film takes place in Buenos Aires during the 2014 Soccer World Cup championship, which culminated with Germany defeating Argentina in the final. Peretti portrays a struggling actor, aging gracelessly who likens himself to Serge Gainsbourg. He has a chance encounter with an American film programmer, played by Nicholson and visiting Buenos Aires for a film festival, which leads them both on a path involving lust, longing and murder. The film will include Spanish renditions of some of Gainsbourg's songs.
“Iniciales SG” marks the fourth narrative feature for Attieh and Garcia. They wrote and directed the sci-fi thriller “H.,” which screened at the Venice Film Festival, Sundance Film Festival and Berlin Film Festival.
Ganguly recently finished production on “Green Dolphin,” with Keanu Reeves exec producing. Eibuszyc's latest production is “Kékszakállú” by director Gastón Solnicki.
Nicholson recently appeared in “I, Tonya,” as skating coach Diane Rawlinson and will next be appearing in “Who We Are Now.” Peretti's work includes “En terapia,” “La Reconstrucción,” and “Mamá se fue de viaje,” one of the biggest box office successes in Argentina in 2017.
Nicholson is repped by UTA and is managed by Davien Littlefield of Davien Littlefield Management.
GRAVITAS ACQUISITION
“As Far As The Eye Can See,” starring Jason London, Danny Mora, and Jenni Tooley, has been acquired by Gravitas Ventures for North American VOD and DVD release, Variety has learned exclusively.
The film was produced in Texas and directed by David Franklin. London plays a former piano prodigy once mentored by pianist Van Cliburn, who has withdrawn from performing and is living on the family farm, which has gone to seed. When his wife sends him divorce papers and he punches his fist into a wall, it threatens to derail his first public performance in years.
“As Far As The Eye Can See” was named the best Texas film at the Lone Star Film Festival, and London won the best actor at the Hill Country Film Festival. The movie is in the midst of a nine-city theatrical tour, to be followed by VOD and DVD on March 24.
The player: Calvin de Haan, 27, defenseman
The terms: Four years at $4.55 million against the cap annually from the Carolina Hurricanes.
Where does he fit in?
Well, this was a surprise, as the rich got richer. The Carolina Hurricanes are more known for their inefficiencies (center, goalie, making the playoffs) than their true strength, which is incredible depth on defense. They got deeper when they traded for Dougie Hamilton of the Calgary Flames, and got deeper still in winning the Calvin de Haan derby.
The 27-year-old New York Islanders unrestricted free agent got serious interest from several teams, including John Tavares' Toronto Maple Leafs, but settled on a four-year term with the Hurricanes. The move gives the Hurricanes a left-handed defenseman to join Jaccob Slavin and Haydn Fleury, the No. 7 overall pick in 2014 who played 67 games last season for the Canes.
On the right side, they have Hamilton, Justin Faulk, Brett Pesce and restricted free agent Trevor van Riemsdyk. If that seems like a logjam, it is. The assumption that Faulk will be moved for help up front was underscored by adding de Haan to the deepest part of the team.
As for de Haan, he's a borderline top-pairing guy based on his analytics. (And continued kudos to Carolina analytics guru Eric Tulsky for finds like this.) His relative goals-for percentage was plus-6.22 vs. the rest of his team during the last 115 games, putting him in the top 25 defensemen in the NHL for that metric.
Does this deal make sense?
Here's the catch: Those 115 games were a total for the last two seasons. Calvin de Haan was limited to 33 games last season with a shoulder injury that required surgery, and 2016-17 was the only season in which he appeared in all 82 games. Injuries have been a factor for him, and that can't be ignored in this evaluation.
That said, the investment seems sound. Assuming Faulk and his two remaining seasons with a $4,833,333 cap hit are moved, de Haan slots right into that salary spot. The Hurricanes have done a good job getting their blue line locked up for manageable hits, including Slavin ($5.3 million through 2025) and Pesce ($4.025 million through 2024), and de Haan continues that trend if he's healthy.
Solid signing, and according to owner Tom Dundon, they won de Haan without offering the most money.
Overall Grade: B-plus
I'm not going A-minus here because, frankly, it's a move that sets up another one or two that will address the Canes' other needs. So the quality of the signing is somewhat linked to that. I'm also a little worried about de Haan's durability. But the potential is there for us to look back at this signing as a major building block towards Carolina becoming a championship contender.
Yaxley Amateur Players return to the stage today (Saturday) with Robin Hood, which has been given the panto makeover treatment by David Griffin-Stephens (Treasure Island, Happy Ever After).
Join the hero Robin Hood in a romp through Sherwood Forest with his Merry Men.
Boo at the wicked Sheriff of Nottingham and his mother the Witch as they try to take the crown, and laugh at the fabulous Dame and Court Jester and their slapstick antics - from trying to bake a pie to taking over the local school.
With jokes galore, slapstick and slop it'll certainly make you forget the winter blues.
You can see Robin Hood at Yaxley Public Hall today, Saturday, February 3, at 3pm and 7.30pm; Sunday, February 4, at 1pm; and Saturday, February 10, at 3pm and 7.30pm.
Tickets from www.ticketsource.co.uk/yaxleyamateurplayers
Yaxley Amateur Players is made up of an adult and youth section that was founded in 1979.
While you may be by a grill or a pool or just laying in your bed on your day off, there's one place you should also definitely visit on the Fourth of July, and that's the internet. Why? It's basically sale central, and Kylie Cosmetics' Fourth of July sale is proof that these summer holiday deals are can't miss. From beauty to fashion, there's more than enough to go around, but after hearing about Kylie Jenner's deals, you may want to pop over to the Kylie Cosmetics website first.
What's the youngest member of the Kar-Jenner family doing for her summer sale? She's giving fans a whopping 40 percent off some of her most popular items majorly reducing their retail value. While the deal doesn't extend to the entire site (there are exclusions like her recently restocked Kourt x Kylie collection), there is more than enough that qualifies for you to stock up on some of your Kylie Cosmetics favorites.
Once you head over to the brand's site, you'll find an entire section dedicated to the sale including lipsticks, lip kits, kylighters and blushes. While Jenner's palettes aren't included in the sale, those iconic lip kits are on super sale, and that's the perfect way to get that Kylie Jenner pout, right?
The brand also has a second deal going. While this one is around all the time, the Fourth of July sale is a great time to take advantage of it. Once you've done your damage on the site's sale section, if you spend $40 or more, you'll qualify for free domestic shipping. Not only can you stock up, but you can stock up and get free shipping at the same time.
If you were hoping to get your hands on Jenner's newest releases of the Sorta Sweet palette and lip bundle, that'll probably have to wait for a bit. Some of her latest launches don't qualify for the sale. Given that they just launched a little over a week ago, their exclusion makes total sense. Despite no other eyeshadow palettes being included, that doesn't mean the sale is just lip product specific. You can shop any of her pressed powder blushes and pressed powder, individual Kylighters in the sale, and honestly the prices are so, so good on all of it.
According to the website, her famous lip kits have been marked down to a killer $17.40 making them well under their typical retail price. Then there are the liquid lipstick singles which are only $10 each now (okay, $10.20, but still). Don't forget that with a bomb new liquid lip, you'll probably want a liner. Those beauties are now under $10 and ring in at only $7.20. While this doesn't include every lip color, there are some Jenner favorites like Exposed and best sellers like Maliboo.
As for complexion products, it's all about the cheeks. While the Kylie Cosmetics concealers don't make the cut for the sale, Jenner's blush and highlight products did. All six of her individual Kylighters now cost under $15, and if you're really looking to splurge, you can get them bundled for under $85. The same goes for her blushes. Snag a single for only $12 or grab the entire collection in a bundle for only $58.
If you want to snag some new Kylie Cosmetics products, head over to the brand's website now. The sale is for one day only and will last just until midnight PT. With deals this good, it's a Fourth of July sale that you just can't afford to miss (as in you can actually afford a Kylie haul now).
Margot Robbie is still wearing her retainers because she is "paranoid" something will go wrong with her teeth.
The 27-year-old actress was told by her dental practitioner when she was 14 that she would need to keep the plastic guards in for two years, but she has continued wearing both the bottom one, for teeth grinding, and top one for movement for 10 years.
Appearing on Australia's 'The Kyle and Jackie O Show', the blonde beauty confessed when asked how she coped playing a character with a lisp in 'Peter Rabbit': "This is so embarrassing, I actually have two retainers, one for the bottom teeth which is for grinding and one for my top teeth which is just so my teeth don't move.
"The orthodontist, when I got my braces off when I was 14, said, 'You'll need to wear it for two years but I am so paranoid that, 10 years later, I'm still wearing them."
The 'Suicide Squad' star revealed she took extreme measures to try and stop her teeth grinding habit by having Botox injected into her muscles inside her mouth.
She said: "I grind my teeth so bad I ended up getting Botox in the muscles there and it stops you from grinding your teeth."
Margot portrays Flopsy the bunny - who suffers from speech problems - in the big screen adaptation of the Beatrix Potter classic.
'Peter Rabbit' stars James Corden as the voice of the mischievous bunny created by British children's author Beatrix Potter and published in the early 1900s.
Meanwhile, Margot is reportedly in talks to star in the Quentin Tarantino-directed 'Once Upon a Time in Hollywood'.
The Australian-born star - who has recently emerged as one of Hollywood's most bankable stars - is being lined up to play the role of Sharon Tate in the much-anticipated new movie, which is set in Los Angeles in 1969, at the height of so-called hippy Hollywood.
Chatham-Kent Essex MPP Rick Nicholls will have the full backing of the Ontario Progressive Conservative caucus when he introduces legislation Wednesday that targets wind farm developers.
Nicholls told The Chatham Daily News he will table a bill at Queen's Park to prohibit non-disclosure clauses as part of leases signed with landowners to have industrial wind turbines erected on their properties.
He said if a landowner chooses to have an industrial wind turbine on their property, and “you start to encounter any type of . . . health problems, due noise or vibration or suddenly your well goes bad, because of pile driving or so on, the non-disclosure agreement says to people, you can't complain to anybody other than you take it back to the wind turbine company.”
He said the non-disclosure agreements are done intentionally to prevent residents from talking to third-parties about health hazards and pollution connected with the building of these wind farms.
Nicholls said this can affect other people in the area, citing the concerns raised with pile driving into the Kettle Point black shale bedrock in the area, which is known to contain uranium, arsenic and lead, which are all known to be harmful to human health.
He said vibration from the pile driving breaks up this toxic shale below the groundwater and contaminates it.
“Water wells are being poisoned as the government continues to allow the pile driving,” he added.
The Daily News contacted the Canadian Wind Energy Association for comment on this proposed bill.
“When landowners host wind energy turbines on their land they sign long-term private legal agreements that allow the wind developer to use their land. In return, these agreements provide compensation to farmers and landowners which can help to provide stable income and a cushion against crop yield variations, commodity pricing fluctuations and weather-induced incidents,” said CanWEA regional director – Ontario, Brandy Giannetta, in a written statement.
“CanWEA and the wind energy industry are committed to working closely with landowners, communities and regulatory agencies to ensure wind energy developments are constructed and operated in a responsible and sustainable manner,” she added.
Nicholls acknowledges the bill won't likely become law before the upcoming provincial election.
However, he said it is important to prove the Ontario PCs are “the only party that will stop the further development of industrial wind turbines.”
Nicholls said the NDP propped up the Ontario Liberals with their support of the Green Energy Act, adding that wind and solar are at the centre of the NDP platform.
eshreve@postmedia.com
@Chathamnews
Several families in eastern Iowa are doing something this month they've not been able to afford to do before – place holiday cards, featuring family photos, in the mail.
A group of volunteers in Cedar Rapids organized last week's free family photo sessions by turning a church classroom into a portrait studio. Amy Mueggenberg started the Greater Cedar Rapids Area Help-Portrait group five years ago and coordinates all the volunteers.
“My favorite part is working all year round on it and then getting here, giving it to the volunteers and just watching the magic happen,” Mueggenberg said. Valerie Jedlicka brought her family in for a photo session, including two toddlers in matching red and black plaid. Jedlicka said she's thankful for the opportunity to create happy memories.
“The funds just aren't there to get family pictures and it's been great that they can help us out,” Jedlicka said. Jedlicka was among more than a thousand individuals getting their photo taken for free in the local Help-Portrait's biggest event yet. Eric Jones was there with his four kids and wife for their first-ever family portrait.
“It was a very nice experience. They got a lot of families together. A lot of nice looking families. This means a lot you know to see the smiles around the Christmas season,” Jones said. “We got some nice photos that we can send out through the holidays. Finally, we can make some post cards and stuff like that with our photos.”
This year, the Help-Portrait group also offered photo sessions to people in nursing homes and high school seniors. Eighteen-year-old Jose Guadalupe Juarez Estrada was thrilled to get a professional photo to mark his last year of high school.
“I'm very excited, I brought a whole bunch of clothes to change out with, I brought some props. I think I feel blessed because I don't have to pay for anything, they just get to help me out, take my senior photos. They're pretty important to me,” Estrada said. Volunteer photographer Astrid Gale and her husband Tim come back each year to shoot portraits.
“Just seeing the smiles and the excitement and joy, for them it's a huge blessing and privilege to be here and having their photos taken – it's beautiful to see their excitement,” Gale said. Volunteers also edited the photos, made some prints, and delivered the professional portraits over the weekend.
(Story and photo by Katarina Sostaric, Iowa Public Radio)
After missing the last four games while recovering from a procedure to treat an abnormal heart rhythm, Boston Bruins rookie defenseman Charlie McAvoy is set to return to game action this weekend.
Speaking after Saturday's morning skate, Bruins head coach Bruce Cassidy noted that Charlie McAvoy will be back in the lineup for that night's home matchup against the Toronto Maple Leafs.
McAvoy returned to the top pairing with Zdeno Chara during practice at Warrior Ice Arena, while Kevan Miller will miss Saturday's matchup due to an upper-body injury.
McAvoy, 20, has been one of the top young players in the NHL this season, leading all NHL rookies in ice time (22:48) while tied for seventh in team scoring with five goals and 20 assists this season.
McAvoy underwent the procedure on Jan. 22 after being diagnosed with a supraventricular tachycardia (SVT). The rookie informed team physicians of his issue following a loss to the Edmonton Oilers on Nov. 26 -- noting that he experienced heart palpitations during the matchup.
After undergoing an ablation, McAvoy returned to the ice just a week later for practice before returning to the lineup Saturday.
The Nikkei Asian Review newspaper is reporting that the Japanese entertainment company Konami is blacklisting former employees in the Japanese video game industry . "The company is particularly targeting those who work for Kojima Productions, which was founded in 2016 by Hideo Kojima, who used to be a top designer at Konami," reports Ars Technica. From the report:
FILE- This April 5, 2018, file photo shows the facade of the New York Stock Exchange. The U.S. stock market opens at 9:30 a.m. EDT on Tuesday, April 25. Richard Drew, File AP Photo
Our Correspondent
Mardan
Police on Saturday registered a case against the murder of dancer Sumbal in Mardan after she allegedly refused to perform at a local event.
According to initial inquiry reports, the incident took place at the residence of the popular Pashto stage dancer in Sheikh Maltoon Town. She had resisted abduction and was shot dead before her murderers fled the scene.
Three persons have been named in the FIR for the murder of Sumbal. The suspected murderers include former inspector Naeem Khattak, taxi driver Naseeb and Jahangir Khan. Police sources confirmed that the armed killers attacked the stage performer for refusing to participate in a musical gathering.
No suspect has yet been held by the police. It was told that the law enforcement agencies are raiding whereabouts to arrest the suspects.
Meanwhile, body of Sumbal was sent to the Mardan Medical Complex for postmortem. It is worth mentioning that the nominated suspect Jahangir Khan was sentenced to death on the charges of his wife's murder. Jahangir had pledged apology after which he was released from custody.
It is the third murder in Mardan, including rape case of a minor girl. The culprits of all three crimes are on the run and yet to be arrested by the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa police. Supreme Court took suo motu notices of Asma murder case and sought inquiry report from the authorities.
Related
STOCKHOLM, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Swedish security services group Securitas said on Sunday that Magnus Ahlqvist, the current head of its Security Services Europe division, would become chief executive in March 2018.
Alf Goransson, Securitas' CEO since 2007, asked to step down and will resign from the Seuritas board in March, the company said in a statement. He will remain as an advisor to Ahlqvist for two years. In March, Goransson said in the statement, he will have been president and CEO of Securitas for 11 years, and "now is the time to do something else in my career and in my life."
Chairwoman Marie Ehrling said that with the appointment of Ahlqvist, Securitas ensures continuity and "a continued powerful implementation of Securitas' strategy".
ROME (Reuters) - An Italian man opened fire on African migrants in the central city of Macerata on Saturday, injuring six people in the racially motivated attack before he was captured, police said.
The shootings happened just days after a Nigerian migrant was arrested in connection with the death of an 18-year-old Italian woman, whose dismembered body was discovered hidden in two suitcases near Macerata.
Police named the suspected shooter as Luca Traini, 28, and said he had an Italian flag draped over his shoulders when he was seized in the street by armed police. A pistol was found in his nearby car.
“He drove around in his car and when he saw any coloured people he shot them,” Marcello Mancini, a Macerata resident, told Reuters television. Police said one of the six victims was seriously hurt and needed surgery, but gave no further details.
The ruling centre-left Democratic Party (PD) said Traini had stood as a candidate for the rightist Northern League at local elections last year and accused him of also firing shoots at one of their offices in Macerata before he was arrested.
The League backs fiercely anti-immigrant policies and is part of ex-prime Silvio Berlusconi's centre-right alliance that is leading in the polls ahead of a March 4 national election.
League leader Matteo Salvini distanced himself from the shooting, but said unrestrained immigration was causing social strife. “I can't wait to get into government to restore security, social justice and serenity to Italy,” he said.
PD leader Matteo Renzi called for calm. “The man who fired the gun, hitting six people of colour, is a squalid, mad person. But the state is stronger than him,” the former prime minister wrote on Facebook.
Police said the shooter drove around Macerata, which is famed for its outdoor opera festivals, in a black Alfa Romeo car firing out of his window at migrants in various locations.
With police closing in, he tried to escape by foot but was almost immediately caught. Local media said he shouted, “Long live Italy,” as he was taken away.
DENIED ASYLUM
Tensions in Macerata had risen this week following the gruesome discovery of Pamela Mastropietro's body. The teenager had run away from a drug rehabilitation centre on Monday and met a Nigerian asylum seeker, Innocent Oseghale, the next day.
Her body was found on Wednesday and a preliminary postmortem could not immediately identify the cause of death.
Witnesses said they had earlier seen Oseghale with the suitcases. He refused to talk to the police after his arrest. Newspapers said he was denied asylum last year but had remained in Macerata to appeal against the decision.
“What was this worm still doing in Italy?” Northern League leader Salvini wrote on Facebook at mid-week, accusing the centre-left government of responsibility for Mastropietro's death for allowing migrants to stay in the country.
“The left has blood on its hands,” he wrote.
More than 600,000 mainly African migrants have reached Italy by boat over the past four years. The centre-right bloc, which includes the League, says the vast majority have no right to asylum and has promised mass expulsions if it takes power.
Leftist parties have ruled out any such deportations.
“The news from Macerata leaves me horrified and shocked. We must stop this spiral of hate and violence,” said Pietro Grasso, who is the head of the Free and Equal party.
Source: Latest Posts in the Farming topic. |
Before the first robin arrives in southwest Wisconsin, I know spring is approaching when the calls about “what's pasture renting for” questions start coming in. According to the USDA-National Ag Statistics Survey, the simple answer is that the average was $44/acre dollars for Iowa County in 2016. We can look up that value for every Wisconsin county. While this is a technically correct answer, it paints an incomplete picture. Not every acre rents at this rate. If some pasture rents for $10/acre this implies other pasture rents for $78, and the average is still $44. There can be a wide... Read more »
Get ready for some good news, Bed Bath & Beyond fans, because your ability to snag new décor for your pad is getting a serious upgrade. Bed Bath & Beyond just launched its new rewards program, Beyond+, and it comes with two big-time benefits that will save you so much. Even better, those benefits are only going to run you $29 per year.
Business Insider called Beyond+, which is currently in beta, "Amazon Prime-like," and it's not hard to see why. Though some exclusions apply, of course, Beyond+ membership perks will allow Bed Bath & Beyond members to get free standard shipping on many products, along with "20% off your ENTIRE purchase for every purchase made at Bed Bath & Beyond stores and online" throughout the year of your membership, according to the program's launch page.
Folks who have been part of shipping-included membership programs like Amazon Prime can save a legit chunk of change. Android Central reporter Brent Zaniewski found that if he ordered one item per week on Amazon without Prime, it'd cost him nearly $500 per year in two-day shipping, but with Prime, those shipping costs were covered. Beyond+ offers standard shipping, not two-day shipping, but that's still an opportunity for significant savings — especially since that's after your 20 percent discount comes off your order.
Bed Bath & Beyond is known for its 20 percent off coupons, but Beyond+ amps up the savings customers could get with their usual 20 percent coupons by taking 20 percent off members' entire orders, rather than 20 percent off one item, CookingLight reported. So if you're looking to redecorate your home, give your office a makeover, or you just want to nab a statement piece or two, literally everything will be discounted, so long as you're not buying excluded products.
As for which products may be excluded, Bed Bath & Beyond gave a statement to CookingLight, saying that "some items in store and online may be excluded from the Beyond Plus discount as of right now — but it'll be made clear when items are not eligible for the 20 percent off promotion." The membership program's launch page says that all currently excluded items are listed in the Beyond+ terms and conditions, and Business Insider noted that some products currently not available for discount include "[i]tems from popular home brands like Le Creuset, Staub, Dyson, and Kenneth Cole."
Beyond+ benefits also don't apply at any of Bed Bath & Beyond's affiliated companies, including BuyBuy Baby, Harmon Face Values, Christmas Tree Shops And That!, Cost Plus World Market, One Kings Lane, Personalization Mall, Decorist, Chef Central, and Of A Kind, according to the Beyond+ launch page.
But even with exclusions, and even with what may seem like a small number of perks, Beyond+ packs a pretty hefty handful of benefits for members. And they're easy to use. According to the launch page, if you join, your 20 percent discount will always be available in the Offers section of the Bed Bath & Beyond app, and in your account on the Bed Bath & Beyond website. To use your perks online, you'll enter your email address during checkout, which will auto-apply your 20 percent off and your free standard shipping.
For use in-store, you can take your phone, or you can print out a coupon from the Offers section of your account. The coupon will be for 20 percent off your order, and it will be one use only, but according to the Beyond+ launch page, the coupon will always be available in your My Offers section, and "you simply print a new one each time you want to shop in-store."
No matter what your décor plans are, it sounds like the Bed Bath & Beyond rewards program will have a little something for everyone — and if you're looking for a reason to treat yourself, consider that just one purchase of around $150 will cover the $29 annual cost.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - A federal judge on Wednesday ordered attorneys for Michael Cohen, President Donald Trump's longtime personal lawyer, to finish reviewing millions of documents authorities seized from him by mid-June, overriding their request for more time.
Stormy Daniels, the porn star currently in legal battles with U.S. President Donald Trump, speaks during a ceremony in her honor in West Hollywood, California, U.S., May 23, 2018. REUTERS/Mike Blake
U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood in Manhattan ordered the lawyers to complete the review of 3.7 million files, which are being examined to determine whether they fall under attorney-client privilege.
“We're moving heaven and Earth” to review the files, said Todd Harrison, a lawyer for Cohen who had asked the judge to give him until mid-July. Harrison said Cohen's attorneys had reviewed 1.3 million files so far.
Also expected to come up at the hearing was a request by adult film star Stormy Daniels' attorney, Michael Avenatti, that he be allowed to address claims that Cohen leaked audio recordings seized from Cohen in raids of his home and office to news media outlets.
Cohen and Avenatti were among those in court on Wednesday morning.
Cohen, who has not been charged with any crime, is under investigation by the U.S. attorney's office in Manhattan regarding his business dealings.
The investigation stems in part from a referral by Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who is probing whether Trump's 2016 presidential campaign colluded with Russia. Trump has repeatedly said there was no collusion, and Russia has denied interfering in the U.S. presidential elections.
Cohen has worked for Trump for more than a decade, first as counsel at the Trump Organization and later than his personal lawyer.
In 2016, Cohen paid Daniels $130,000. Daniels has said the payment was intended to buy her silence about a sexual encounter she says she had with Trump in 2006. The president has denied the allegation.
Avenatti said in a letter last week that he had reason to believe that Cohen had leaked audio recordings, which he said may relate to his client, to media outlets. Daniels' attorney asked that Wood ask Cohen about the possible leaks.
Avenatti has also asked Wood to allow him to represent Daniels in the Cohen case. He has said he believes some of the seized materials could relate to Daniels, whose real name is Stephanie Clifford.
Cohen has asked Wood to deny Avenatti permission to appear before the federal court, saying he violated court rules by making what he characterized as false statements about Cohen in frequent news media appearances.
After the raids on Cohen's home and office, Cohen and Trump asked the judge to block prosecutors from reviewing the seized documents, citing attorney-client privilege.
Wood responded by appointing former U.S. District Judge Barbara Jones as a so-called special master to review whether any of the documents were shielded by attorney-client privilege before turning them over to prosecutors.
In a court filing on Tuesday evening, Jones said she had already turned over to prosecutors more than 290,000 seized items that were not marked privileged by Cohen or Trump.
She said that more than a million items from three seized phones had also been designated as not privileged by Cohen and Trump, and would be turned over to prosecutors Wednesday after a final review.
Cohen and Trump have made at least 252 claims of privilege, according to the filing.
A number of Cohen's financial dealings since Trump's January 2017 inauguration have become public.
Swiss drugmaker Novartis AG has said it had paid Cohen nearly $1.2 million as a consultant; U.S. telecommunications company AT&T Inc said it made payments of $600,000; and South Korea's Korea Aerospace Industries Ltd said it hired him for $150,000.
Cohen also received $500,000 from Columbus Nova Llc, a New York company linked to Russian businessman Viktor Vekselberg. The firm has said the transaction had nothing to do with Vekselberg.
Mueller's investigation, which began in May 2017, has yielded 17 indictments and five guilty pleas so far.
A former master warrant officer with the Canadian Armed Forces says she developed PTSD and had to leave the military after having her kidney removed as a result of being wrongly diagnosed with cancer.
She said she was told at the time that the mistake was no one's fault and that “medicine is not an exact science.”
Sharon Marson, who now lives in New Brunswick, attempted to sue the now-retired Ottawa urologist who diagnosed and treated her, and The Ottawa Hospital. Affidavits were filed and both sides were cross-examined in them, but her lawsuit alleging medical negligence was dismissed in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice earlier this year because she waited too long to pursue it.
Marson's surgery was in August 2000. For most lawsuits, the claim must be issued within two years. Marson pursued the lawsuit in 2015.
She said a medical report commissioned by Veterans Affairs Canada concluded in 2014 that “I have been the victim of medical malpractice.” Until then, she said, she was not aware there had been malpractice.
The case began when Marson underwent a routine medical exam in early 2000 as a condition of her service in the armed forces. Tests done after the exam found a “shadow” on her right kidney and she was referred to urologist Dr. Carl Leahy.
He ordered a series of tests. Based on those, he concluded she had cancer in the right kidney and recommended that the kidney and her ureter be surgically removed, to which she agreed.
In August 2000, during a post-op consultation, Leahy told her the mass that had been diagnosed as cancer was, in fact, benign and that she had a kidney infection and scarring, not cancer.
“Following my nephrectomy, I was told that the pathology report, much to Dr. Leahy's surprise, was not cancer. I had been misdiagnosed. I had had a kidney infection and scar tissue, for which I had had not one symptom,” she said in a court document.
According to court documents, Marson stated that after surgery she had been told by the doctor that tests had produced a “false positive result” for cancer and that “tests can be wrong, but this is not the result of any error of the technicians operating the lab equipment or conducting the tests but that this was the nature of the tests that were conducted.”
He added, “Medicine is not an exact science.”
At the time, she said, several people encouraged her to launch a lawsuit, but she declined.
It was only when she was applying for a disability pension, she said, that she read the entire medical file and was struck by an “inconsistency” between what the doctor told her and her husband after the surgery and what the records said.
At the heart of her concern was a cytopathology test conducted prior to surgery, which was negative for cancer. Cytopathology testing examines cells from various sites in the body and is sometimes used for cancer screening. Marson argued that further testing should have been done, in light of that result, before her kidney was removed.
“He never explained to me that he should have conducted further tests and that my condition may have been cured alternatively and he maintained that the kidney and ureter required removal in order to save my life.”
In court testimony, Leahy said all the test results had been disclosed to Marson prior to the surgery. He also said that a negative cytopathology report did not rule out cancer and was not significant to his diagnosis.
Marson, meanwhile, who had been working as a supply technician, said she left the armed forces as a result of the surgery and later suffered from depression and PTSD.
When she underwent a medical exam as part of her release from the military later in 2000, she talked about the misdiagnoses as part of her reason.
“I now know that, at all material times, I have suffered from and continue to suffer from post traumatic stress disorder and severe depression as a result of the treatment.” It was only after receiving treatment for them that she was capable of commencing legal action, she said, which is why she waited more than 15 years after the surgery to commence legal proceedings.
“I was unable to make important decisions at that time due to my depressed state.”
Both Marson and the lawyer representing Leahy declined to comment. The Ottawa Hospital released this statement: “The Court was clear in its decision in this case. The hospital cannot speak on behalf of other parties.”
epayne@postmedia.com
Sports News of Tuesday, 24 April 2018
Source: www.ghanaweb.com
Goerge Afriyie is the fourth Vice President under Nyantakyi
The Ghana Football Association has put rumours to rest by announcing that George Afriyie has been relieved of his duties as the Vice President of the association.
The announcement which came via the FA's official Twitter handle reads “Mr George Afriyie has been released of his duties as the Vice President of the @ghanafaofficial following a meeting of the Executive Committee. A new Vice President will be announced soon".
George Afriyie was appointed in 2015 by Kwesi Nyantakyi in accordance with article 30.3 of the FA's regulations.
But before George Afriyie's arrival, Kwesi Nyantakyi's administration had already witnessed three vice presidents
Fred Pappoe
Fred Pappoe was the first person to serve under Kwesi Nyantakyi as a Vice President. Papsey, as he is known in the footballs circle, was elected in 2005.
He lost an election at the FA after the 2010 World Cup amid rumours of a fall-out with Kwesi Nyantakyi
Jordan Anagbla
Jordan Anagbla took over from Fred Pappoe as Nyantakyi's veep in 2011.
He assumed the position on the back of historic achievements as the management committee chairman of the Black Satellites.
Jordan Anagbla led the Black Satellites to victory in the 2009 Africa Youth Championship and the World Youth Championship.
His spell was however short-lived as he died two years later.
Fred Crentsil
Following the demise of Jordan Anagbla, fresh elections were held and Fred Crentsil was chosen by the executive committee of the GFA to be Nyantakyi's assistant.
The former Hearts of Oak Chief Executive stood unopposed in the elections to replace the departed Anagbla.
Fred Crentsil was however unable to retain his Executive Committee slot in 2015 paving way for George Afriyie to become vice president of the FA.
Afriyie is the first Vice President to be APPOINTED and not elected hence Nyantakyi's free-will to remove him when he deems fit or appropriate.
Bill Belichick's press conference on Monday night tested new boundaries of uncomfortable silences and pregnant pauses.
After the Patriots' lost 27-20 to the Dolphins in Miami, Belichick fielded a question he didn't seem to like. He was asked whether the Patriots might have looked past Miami and ahead to the Pittsburgh Steelers, who the Patriots play in Week 15.
Silence ensued. Then Belichick said: “No, give me a break. Any questions about the game?”
Here's a look at the moment.
British cybersecurity expert Marcus Hutchins, the WannaCry ransomware hero, has pleaded not guilty to computer fraud charges in a US court.
A British cybersecurity researcher credited with helping curb a recent worldwide ransomware attack has pleaded not guilty to federal charges accusing him of creating malicious software to steal banking information three years ago.
Marcus Hutchins entered his plea on Monday in Wisconsin federal court, where prosecutors charged him and an unnamed co-defendant with conspiring to commit computer fraud in the state and elsewhere.
Authorities arrested the 23-year-old on August 2 at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas, where he was going to board a flight to his home in England. He had been in Las Vegas for a cybersecurity convention.
Hutchins is free on $US30,000 ($A38 trillion) bail but with strict conditions. His bond has been modified so that he can stay in Los Angeles near his lawyer and travel anywhere in the US, but Hutchins is not allowed to leave the country.
He was also granted access to use a computer for work, a change from an earlier judge's order barring him from using any device with access to the internet. Hutchins' current work wasn't detailed at Monday's hearing. The next hearing in the case was set for October 17.
The legal troubles Hutchins faces are a dramatic turnaround from the status of cybercrime-fighting hero he enjoyed four months ago when he found a "kill switch" to slow the outbreak of the WannaCry virus. It crippled computers worldwide, encrypting files and making them inaccessible unless people paid a ransom ranging from $US300 to $US600.
Prosecutors allege that Hutchins created and distributed a malicious software called Kronos to steal banking passwords from unsuspecting computer users. In addition to computer fraud, the indictment lists five other charges, including attempting to intercept electronic communications and trying to access a computer without authorisation.
The indictment says the crimes happened between July 2014 and July 2015.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Quanta Services Inc:
* QUANTA SERVICES SELECTED FOR TWO LARGE DIAMETER MAINLINE PIPELINE PROJECTS
* QUANTA SERVICES SAYS EXECUTED CONTRACTS FOR TWO DIAMETER MAINLINE PIPELINE PROJECTS WITH ESTIMATED REVENUE IN EXCESS OF $550 MILLION
* QUANTA SERVICES INC - CONTRACTS FOR OTHER PROJECT WERE EXECUTED IN JANUARY 2018 AND WILL BE REFLECTED IN BACKLOG AS OF MARCH 31, 2018.
* QUANTA SERVICES - TWO DIAMETER MAINLINE PIPELINE PROJECTS EXPECTED TO BEGIN CONSTRUCTION IN H1 2018 WITH COMPLETION EXPECTED BY END OF 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DAVIS, Calif. (AP)  Authorities say a 30-year-old woman is being charged with hate crimes after police say she broke windows and left bacon at a Northern California mosque.
The Sacramento Bee reports (http://bit.ly/2leLQOa ) that the Yolo County District Attorney's Office announced the arrest of Lauren Kirk-Coehlo of Davis on Tuesday.
She is charged in the vandalism of the Davis Islamic Center last month. The vandal broke six windows and two bicycles and put bacon strips on door handles.
Muslims are prohibited from eating pork products.
Advertisement
Earlier this month in the region, Roseville's Tarbiya Institute was spray-painted with obscene and racist slurs, including "Muslim out." The two communities are about 34 miles apart.
Roseville police say that also is being investigated as a hate crime, though there is no sign the two incidents are related.
Meet Binky, The Social Media App Where Nothing Matters
Do you ever feel like social media apps are a waste of time? A new app called Binky sets out to prove that point.
Open Binky and you'll find an infinite list of random stuff: Llamas. Hot sauce. Joan of Arc. Much like Twitter, Binky displays posts on a timeline. Unlike Twitter, nothing you do matters.
See an image you like? Swipe right! See an image that makes you sad? Swipe left! Do you relate to that photo of Amelia Earhart on a deep spiritual level and feel that you must, must share it? Re-bink that! Do it!
Enlarge this image toggle caption iTunes iTunes
The options are endless — and utterly meaningless.
Interacting with a Binky post does nothing. It is a false action. There is no record of it. Your friends will never know that you commented "wha-aaa-aaa-aaat that is so cool #bffs #badidea #drunkhungryandsad" on a picture of René Descartes, the French philosopher.
Actually, you can't even comment. When you attempt to do that, a keyboard appears, but, much like the app itself, it's meaningless. With each keyboard click, a pre-generated word appears. As soon as you click away, the comment disappears forever.
If you're wondering, "what's the point?" that's kind of the point.
"Binky is just as meaningless as other social media apps, but it's up front about it," Binky creator Dan Kurtz tells NPR's Morning Edition.
Kurtz says his inspiration for Binky came after he scrolled through his social media feeds, only to realize he couldn't remember what he just read.
"Does that mean that like, nothing I'm seeing on Facebook actually matters? If I replaced all the stuff that I'm seeing with just random photos of chairs and condiments, would that be just as compelling?" he says. "It turns out the answer is yes."
Binky has all of the cute cat photos of social media, without the sometimes stressful consequences of it.
"[It's] the freedom to satisfy the appetite that you have for scrolling through stuff, without needing to worry about any of the consequences, because it's all meaningless," Kurtz says.
So is this ruse pointless?
Maybe this is a commentary on what drives us to pick up our phones every 20 seconds, Haje Jan Kamps writes for TechCrunch.
Kamps argues that Binky could be "a no-cost ... habit-reinforcing fidget spinner for the social-media addicts among us."
Binky is a social networking app without socializing, and yet, Binky may be "even more" satisfying than real social media apps like Twitter or Instagram, writes Ian Bogost, a contributing editor at The Atlantic.
He says Binky may even cure the ills of smartphone compulsion: a way to use smartphones without doing anything at all. "Isn't that all anyone really wants?" Bogost asks.
Or maybe it's yet another reminder of how entrenched we are in this digital world and, try as we might, we can't escape.
Laura Roman is the social media strategist for Morning Edition; Taylor Haney is a production assistant for Morning Edition.
Complete access to news articles on this website is available to Daily Record subscribers who are logged in. Subscribers may login at the login tab, below. Others may join our audience of successful Marylanders with a subscription today
A Watch For The Ages - The Watch Snobs Weighs In
Why These Few Watches Win, According To The Watch Snob
The Handmade Tale
I read your column quite regularly. My question is about handmade watches. You have stressed the value of hand finished fine movements, and movements adjusted (and decorated) by hand many a time. Leaving aside the independents, if we focus on the major brands, are their watches really finished and adjusted by craftsmen by hand? Reason I am asking is because in that case their volume should be lower than what it is. For example AP produces 40k watches annually, Patek is around 40k too, JLC is around 50k. Are all of their watches hand finished to a very high level? Wouldn't the quality suffer with such high production runs?
In general, the answer is no, not all their watches are finished to a very high level. Of the three brands you mention, Patek Philippe probably comes the closest, but even here we can see different degrees of finishing in their entry level movements, than in their high complications. Audemars Piguet is the same. Jaeger-LeCoultre at its entry price points, does not exhibit a great deal of elaborate hand finishing, but rather a very cleanly executed semi-industrial approach, which is perfectly appropriate to the price point.
What one always hopes with brands like Vacheron, Patek, Audemars Piguet, and A. Lange & Sohne (which are the four luxury watch brands that offer the most consistently good hand-finishing of movements across their product lines, from the entry level to the high end) is that the entry level stuff gets treated with as much dignity as the grandest Grand Complication. It's quite difficult to say with any certainty, but the impression many of us have been that the degree of hand finishing nowadays is not what it was during the heyday of the Swiss watch industry, post-World War II – most consumers don't know what to look for in any case. There are still plenty of folks in Switzerland who take great pride in their work, but the absolute best in hand-finishing in entry level watches is not sufficiently profitable nowadays.
You Never Forget Your First
I am 30 years old and am I looking for a very classically designed dress watch that I can wear with my daily suit (this will be the first watch in my collection). But, I live in a very humid and rainy climate – I'm concerned about needing to “tuck” the watch away when the weather is poor. Can you allay my fears or recommend something that bridges the gap between waterproof and ultra-thin? Should I just put a Datejust on a leather strap? A Reverso would seem to fit the bill (and fit my budget), but my heart isn't in the rectangular case shape.
I don't think you would find the Reverso problematic in terms of weather, to be quite honest, at least no more than any other watch. Modern case technology, and especially gaskets and seals, are far better at preventing the ingress of undue amounts of moisture which in former days were the bane of dress watches; I personally can still remember, as a much younger Snob, carefully removing my wristwatch prior to washing my hands in the gents'. Unless you are planning on actually immersing the watch (swimming, bathing, or showering with it) I think you are probably in the clear with any reasonably well-maintained modern wristwatch.
By the way, this is not to say that an Oyster Perpetual or a Datejust on a strap would be a bad thing at all, and I feel very much nowadays that there is a lot to be said for a Rolex as a first wristwatch. They hold their value well, in general; there is no gainsaying the build quality, and the more you look at other watches the more you'll be impressed by the quality of a Rolex. The only real problem with Rolex is that depending on the circles you travel in, they can seem a bit ubiquitous, but a Datejust on a strap is not something you will encounter with any great frequency.
Rolex Reliant
I humbly request your counsel for overcoming a peculiar mental illness. Despite a deep passion for and knowledge of the wide world of horology, when it comes to actually purchasing watches, I cannot seem to buy anything other than Rolex. I started my collection a few years ago, as many do, with a Submariner. I later acquired a GMT Master II and was recently lucky enough to purchase a stainless steel Daytona. I have two very young children and appreciate the resilience of a steel Rolex. Relatedly, as I will someday pass down my watch collection, it is reassuring to know that my heirs will have timeless watches that are easily serviced and, if necessary, a store of value.
In recent months I have looked admirably at Cartier's new Santos, the Longines Avigation Big Eye, and JLC's Master Control collection. Also, I do not own a Speedmaster, which I know is something I should fix. However, when I think about owning one of these watches, I find it difficult to imagine reaching for it in the morning instead of a Rolex. Is my case hopeless? Am I just not strong enough to resist the masterful marketing of the Crown? I look forward to your thoughts and advice.
There are hundreds of watch companies out there, but in many respects Rolex really does stand alone, fortunately or unfortunately, depending on who you are and how you are situated. It is certainly true that beyond a certain point, owning only Rolex can see a little bit unimaginative … they do indeed make a fine wristwatch but a little philandering might spice up your horological life.
Why not try a Speedmaster? That, in its own way, is also a predictable choice but at least, you poor Rolex-besotted fellow, it's not a Rolex. If you have much experience of watches, by the way, and still find yourself uninterested in owning watches from another maker, you might just know your own mind. What I do find lacking in your collection, incidentally, is a good example of a thin, elegant dress watch – filling that gap might be much more interesting for you horologically than a Speedmaster, which for all that it is an excellent wristwatch, is after all yet another stainless steel sports watch. How about a nice Tank Louis Cartier, eh?
Boston Red Sox starter Brian Johnson left Wednesday night's game against the Philadelphia Phillies in the third inning with left shoulder discomfort.
He will be re-evaluated on Friday in Boston.
Johnson said he started to feel tightness during warm-ups and came out as a precaution. After two strong innings, Johnson lost a lot of velocity on his pitches, leading to the Phillies' only offensive outburst of the game in the third inning.
Right-hander Hector Velazquez, who had been recalled prior to the game, was pressed into emergency duty when Johnson left. After getting hammered in his first major league appearance in May, Velazquez was solid against the Phillies, allowing just one hit and two walks in 3 1/3 scoreless innings and earning his first big league victory as the Red Sox won 7-3.
Johnson is 2-0 with a 4.29 ERA for the Red Sox this year.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
IRVINE, Calif. -- The Los Angeles Rams navigated through 11-on-11 drills on Monday afternoon, and new wide receiver Sammy Watkins just watched, helmet by his side, No. 2 jersey on his back. He took part only in individual drills, then deliberately ran routes with Jared Goff after the rest of his teammates came off the field.
Watkins estimated that it would take him "maybe a week and a half" to get a real understanding of this new offense.
Editor's Picks Newly arrived Watkins sees Rams as fresh start Sammy Watkins admitted that the trade to the Rams was a "total shock" but also a "blessing" to him. No matter how he sees it, the oft-injured receiver wants to make it clear that he is "100 percent healthy" and ready for a fresh start.
"Just take it slow, one day at a time," Watkins said after practice. "I'm not going to learn everything in a day. I'm not going to look like Sammy Watkins in three days."
Watkins was informed on Thursday night, after the Bills' first preseason game, that he had been traded for the first time. The Rams announced the deal on Friday morning -- one that sent cornerback E.J. Gaines and a 2018 second-round pick to Buffalo -- and Watkins joined his teammates at Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum on Saturday, three hours before they would face the Dallas Cowboys.
The Rams wanted to give Watkins a chance to settle in, so they kept his workload light on Monday. Rams coach Sean McVay will work him in more heavily on Tuesday and hopes to get him "a handful of snaps" in Saturday's preseason game, on the road against the Oakland Raiders at 7 p.m. PT.
"We want to be mindful of the fact that he's way behind in terms of the installation and getting familiar with our verbiage and things like that," McVay said. "There is a little bit of carryover from what he was doing in Buffalo with [offensive coordinator Rick] Dennison, because it's kind of the verbiage and the foundation of it. There are some similarities with it. It won't be quite as steep, but we're really just getting him acclimated."
"It's a lot of things that's going on," new receiver Sammy Watkins said of grasping the Rams offense. "But once I learn the plays and the formations, I can go out there and have fun, come together with the team." Jayne Kamin-Oncea/USA TODAY Sports
A healthy Watkins gives the Rams the vertical target they're missing; a dynamic outside threat who can take the top off defensive coverages and open more room for the likes of Robert Woods, Cooper Kupp and Tavon Austin. The latter continues to be held out with a hamstring injury.
Watkins starred at Clemson for three years, then was drafted fourth overall by the Bills. Watkins has shown flashes of dynamic talent in the NFL, but injuries have continually hindered him. He had hip surgery at the end of his rookie season in 2014, dealt with a handful of smaller ailments in 2015 and later underwent two foot surgeries, in the spring of 2016 and in January of 2017.
But Watkins said Saturday that he is "100 percent healthy" and that "the foot thing is out the door," which he proved while making an early impact in Thursday's preseason game.
Now he needs to grasp McVay's offense.
"I'm just trying to dissect the plays," said Watkins, who's wearing his number from Clemson but will eventually have to switch to double digits. "That's the biggest thing, the formations. It's a lot of things that's going on. But once I learn the plays and the formations, I can go out there and have fun, come together with the team."
Watkins will room with Woods, his teammate in Buffalo the past three years, for the next four days, until the Rams pack up their stuff at UC Irvine. Woods' advice was to focus on concepts first, then get to the formations and bring them all together. By the end of Monday's practice, Woods still hadn't met with his fellow receivers and had barely even spoken to Goff. Most of his time has been spent with Eric Yarber and Zac Taylor, the Rams' two wide receiver coaches.
He's still a little jet-lagged.
"We're three hours behind, so I'm just trying to catch up," Watkins said. "Give me a week or so. I'll be all right."
A woman is demanding an apology after she claims she was strip-searched by customs officials. It happened last week, shortly after she and her husband arrived via sailboat during the first leg of their around-the-world voyage. She told Cayman 27 she believes she was singled out unfairly.
“The goal is to sail around the world of course, so that's what we did,” said American boater LaVonda Like.
She said her around the world voyage on her 44 foot gulf-star sailboat “Faith” was off to a great start until she and her husband's arrival in the Cayman Islands last week.
“I was already prepared for an inspection, so I had passports, I had my title, I had my registration and they brought the dog on board and searched through everything, and at some point these two ladies, they put on latex gloves and they told me to follow them and then I was given a strip search,” she said.
She told Cayman 27 she was taken into an office at the South terminal.
“I had to lift up my shirt and turn around, and then lift up my skirt and turn around, and I was only wearing a tank top, a little flimsy, like see-through beach skirt, and flip-flops, so it was like you can pretty much see everything anyway. It was not, I don't even understand why I was made to do that.”
Meanwhile, her husband stayed behind at the boat.
“He did not have to leave the boat, he did not have to undress at all,” she said.
She said she believes it's discrimination.
“I actually think because I'm African-American woman, that race has something to do it, ” she said. “This is not normal, it is not normal to do a strip search.”
Ms. Like said she kept her composure through the ordeal but never received a straight answer as to why she was ‘singled out'for a strip search.
Now, she is demanding an apology for what she called an unjust search, and for someone to take action.
“I want some disciplinary action, whoever, there needs to be, if this is not protocol, then somebody needs to be fired as well as, I have been very upset by this,” said Ms. Like.
Cayman 27 received a response from Customs minutes before Monday's newscast.
Customs Deputy Collector Jeff Jackson told Cayman 27 Ms. Like's allegations are unfounded.
Here's Customs' version of the narrative, attributable to Mr. Jackson: “The vessel arrived from Mexico with two AMERICAN passengers (male & female) on board. Upon questioning of the passengers and reviewing of the necessary clearance documents a decision was made to search the said vessel based on suspicions. It is normal practice/procedures before any suspicious vessel is boarded that all crew or passengers be searched for safety purposes to eliminate or verify any prohibited or restricted items or contraband which maybe in their possession. Custom officers conducted a pat down search of the male on the South Terminal dock and was in view at all times and the female was below deck. The female was requested to come to the top of the deck but did not comply. After several requests were made, she complied and was removed from the vessel and escorted to the Customs/Immigration South Terminal Office where a search of her person could be conducted in privacy. During the search, the female informed them that she needed to shave and that she was not wearing any bra. After a brisk search officers were satisfied, however, no clothing was removed from her person and this was the extent of the search. The female was not singled out because of ethnicity as she alleged. Before the initial boarding and search of the vessel commenced the female acted in an arrogant manner and at times made sarcastic remarks when they were attempting to board the vessel. At one point she requested the officers to remove their shoes and attempted to hand them wipes to clean the bottom of their shoes. Officers did not allow this for personal safety as there was no significant reason for this request. During the search knives were removed from the vessel and she stated that she didn't know it was illegal to have knives on board her boat. Officers explained the knives were removed for their personal safety and they would be returned once the search was completed. The search was concluded without incident and both individuals were thanked for their cooperation. In ending, please know that entering a Customs control area does not exempt anyone from a search of their belongings or person as every passenger/crew is subject to searches once done in a reasonable and respectable manner. Also, it would be counterproductive for us to disclose the rationale for our various enforcement operations. The Customs Department's duty is to protect the Cayman Islands' borders which means the laws and regulations relating to the importation, exportation and transportation of goods or persons, and all other laws and regulations enforced or administered by the Customs Department.”
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): Pakistan Cricket Gala was jointly
organized by Embassy of Pakistan in China and United Bank Limited in
Beijing to mark the 70th Independence Anniversary of Pakistan.
The cricket match was played between Pakistan Embassy Team
and the Pakistani Community Team at Dulwich Cricket Ground Beijing,
says a statement received here on Monday.
The match was well attended by Pakistani community and gave an
opportunity to display the cricketing talents of Pakistani young
players. Though the match was punctuated by intermittent spells of rain,
however the spirits were not dampened, the statement added.
Ambassador of Pakistan Masood Khalid was the chief guest on
the occasion and presented trophy to the winning Pakistani community
team.
* Sets Frankfurt stock market listing for Feb. 15
* To sell 7 mln new shares, 13.35 mln existing shares
* Sets placement price at 21.50-25.50 euros per share
* To have market cap of 795-943 mln euros (Adds free float, plans for proceeds, CEO comment)
FRANKFURT, Feb 2 (Reuters) - German residential property developer Instone Real Estate Group has set its flotation on the Frankfurt stock exchange for February 15 and said it could reach a market value of almost 950 million euros ($1.2 billion).
The placement will be Germany's second stock market listing of 2018, which is expected to be a blockbuster year for initial public offerings (IPOs). Drugmaker Dermapharm plans to list on February 9.
The placement will comprise 7 million new shares from a capital increase and 13.35 million shares from fund holdings by ActivumSG Capital Management at a price of 21.50 to 25.50 euros each, the company said on Friday.
Up to 3.05 million shares from ActivumSG have also been earmarked for over-allotments.
That will give the company a market capitalisation of between 795 million euros and 943 million euros, Instone said.
Some 55 percent of shares in Instone will be freely traded following the listing, a spokesman said, rising to 63 percent if the over-allotment option is fully used.
Instone said it plans to use around 55 million euros of the net proceeds from the placement of new shares to repay a shareholder loan and the remainder will go toward the acquisition and development of new residential projects.
“With expected around 100 million euros in net proceeds at the mid-point of the price range, we will be able to acquire new land plots and work towards reaching our target sales volume of 900 million euros to 1 billion euros by 2021,” Instone Chief Executive Kruno Crepulja said in a statement.
Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse are organising the flotation with the help of Morgan Stanley, BNP Paribas and Unicredit.
Instone was formed by a merger of peer GRK and Formart, part of German builder Hochtief, which specialist real estate investor Activum bought in 2014 for about 300 million euros. ($1 = 0.7996 euros) (Reporting by Maria Sheahan; Editing by Elaine Hardcastle)
An Australian man fell to his death from his room at a Pattaya hotel early Monday in what is believed to be a suicide.
Pol Capt Chann Kesornbua, deputy inspector of Pattaya police, was alerted to the incident at the R-Con Blue Ocean Hotel in Soi Buakhao at 3am.
Full story: The Nation
By The Nation
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Halsey is a survivor.
Related: G-Eazy & Halsey are Ride-or-Die on ‘Him & I'
That's the theme of the pop star's latest music video, “Sorry.”
The clip features a bloodied Halsey stumbling through a post-apocalyptic city street littered with bodies and crashed vehicles after what looks like a multi-car collision.
The clip was co-directed by Halsey and Sing J Lee.
“Sorry” is the latest track from Halsey's most recent full-length, Hopeless Fountain Kingdom.
Watch the video below:
Srinagar
In occupied Kashmir, the Awami Action Committee held a rally at Aaali Masjid in Srinagar to commemorate the 50th death anniversary of renowned Kashmiri politician and religious leader, Mirwaiz Maulana Yusuf Shah.
The Chairman of Hurriyat forum, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq while addressing the rally paid rich tributes to Mirwaiz Yusuf Shah. He said that Mirwaiz Yousuf Shah was the vanguard of the people's political movement who represented and supported their political will and aspirations in deciding their future destiny from 1928 to 1947 and later in exile.
He said that Mirwaiz Yousuf Shah had strongly resisted and opposed the malicious move to break up the Muslim Conference in 1938 as he realized it would weaken the voice of the majority community in their say regarding their future dispensation.
Mirwaiz Umar Farooq said, “The late Mirwaiz throughout his life in exile, whether in his capacity as part of Government of Azad Jammu Kashmir or as a common Kashmiri citizen, pleaded the cause of the people of occupied Kashmir both within Pakistan and at international fora as AJK President.—KMS
BY LÓRIEN MACENULTY
Times-Delphic features editor Lórien MacEnulty sits down with Drake Director of Public Safety Scott Law to discuss Public Safety's relationship with student journalists and how they communicate about security measures at the University — just in time for the 2018 Drake Relays.
Staff Reporter
Karachi
The Dean and Director of Institute of Business Administration, Dr Farrukh Iqbal has said that the IBA's Talent Hunt Program caters to not only the financial gap but also the awareness and preparation gap, which otherwise hinders the access to education. Acknowledging that the batch of 2018 is the largest one in the history of THP, he emphasized the significance of the diversity it will add to the IBA student body.
In this regard, an orientation ceremony of the IBA Talent Hunt Program (THP) has been organized at the Gani Tayub Auditorium, IBA main campus. Representatives from the sponsoring organizations namely, Ihsan Trust –Meezan Bank Limited, OGDCL Pakistan and Community Development Program (CDP) – P&D Government of Sindh, attended the event along with the faculty and scholars of IBA-IT National Talent Hunt Program and IBA-CDP Sindh Talent Hunt Program.
Dean and Director, Dr Farrukh Iqbal, Director THP, Ms Zeenat Ismail, General Administration Manager, Wing. Cdr. (Retd) Aamir Shabbir and management team attended the ceremony. Dr Zeenat Ismail welcomed the batch of 2018 and informed the audience that a select group of 170 students with 35 percent girls and 75 percent boys will be taught by the IBA faculty for the aptitude test. Launched in 2004, the Talent Hunt Program (THP) is aimed at the students from far-flung areas of Sindh, Punjab, Baluchistan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Azad Kashmir, FATA and Gilgit Baltistan.
The orientation program is an intensive two-month educational and training program that prepares students for the IBA's entry test. Wing. Cdr. (Retd) Aamir Shabbir, while presenting the vision and mission of the IBA, stressed upon the core values of the institution and their role in the nurturance of the IBA community.
3:20
Trump to Russia-linked ex-advisors: Keep your distance
2:44
AG Sessions says DOJ will cut funding to sanctuary cities
1:30
If you needed a good cry today look no further than this 4-year-old named Maya.
Maya was diagnosed with cerebral palsy just after she turned a year old. Recently, she underwent surgery to help alleviate her conditions. The procedure, called selective dorsal rhizotomy surgery, helps "improve muscle spasticity by cutting nerve rootlets sending abnormal signals to the muscle." While there were no guarantees, doctors said that usually, children who were unable to walk before the surgery were able to do so six months to a year afterwards.
Seven weeks after undergoing the procedure, Maya was walking.
Y'all, prepare to cry.
PURE JOY: 4-year-old Maya, who has cerebral palsy, takes her first steps on her own. Her glee will melt your heart. "I'm walking!" https://t.co/qQ4NsUO5TP pic.twitter.com/rQXc2Io7Uy — ABC News (@ABC) July 4, 2018
Maya's mother Ann says her daughter has always been "super determined." She told Global News, "She wants to run and play with her friends – and not get left behind. But she never complains about it." Thanks to the surgery, Maya also can sleep through the night without waking up in pain due to her muscles muscles tightening and constricting.
Simply beautiful.
Via Global News
TEHRAN (Tasnim) – Up to 6,000 Africans who fought for the Daesh (also known as ISIL or ISIS) terrorist group in Iraq and Syria could return home, the African Union's top security official warned Sunday, calling on countries to prepare for the threat.
Smail Chergui, the AU's commissioner for peace and security, said African nations would need to work closely with each other and share intelligence to counter returning militants, AFP reported.
“There are reports of 6,000 African fighters among the 30,000 foreign elements who joined this terrorist group in the Middle East,” Chergui told a meeting in Algiers, according to the Algeria Press Service news agency.
“The return of these elements to Africa poses a serious threat to our national security and stability and requires specific treatment and intense cooperation between African countries,” he said.
Full story: tasnimnews.com
Tasnim News Agency
Canadian Mike Soroka is one of the Atlanta Braves' top pitching prospects. He has a 7-3 record this season with the double-A Mississipi Braves. ( Rogelio V. Solis / THE ASSOCIATED PRESS )
John Smoltz, Greg Maddux and Tom Glavine baffled hitters through the 1990s, helping the Atlanta Braves to multiple division titles and a World Series championship. The Braves are returning to their strong pitching roots and Canadian Mike Soroka is at the forefront. The 19-year-old Soroka was promoted to double-A to start the 2017 season — a rarity for a player in his second full season as a pro. Atlanta director of player development Dave Trembley said the promotion wasn't a hard decision. “Mike's going to be real special,” Trembley said. “He's a guy that will take the ball every fifth day, he's going to be a guy that's going to give you a lot of innings. He prepares very well, he's very mature, he knows what he wants. “We have a lot of confidence in the direction he's going and we see him as a front-line pitcher in Atlanta for a long time.”
Article Continued Below
The Calgary native hasn't disappointed since being promoted, going 7-3 with a 2.45 earned-run average in 12 starts with the Mississippi Braves. He also took a perfect game into the seventh inning of a May 12 start against the Mobile BayBears, retiring the first 19 batters he faced. The six-foot-five, 225-pound right-hander credits playing for the Canadian junior team with helping his transition to the pros after he was selected 28th overall in the 2015 MLB draft. “I was fortunate to be able to hit the learning curve a little sooner than most high school pitchers,” said Soroka. “I kind of realized that everybody throws hard, everybody has good stuff, it's about how you use it, not just what you have anymore.”
Soroka ranks fourth on the Braves' MLB.com top prospect rankings. He entered the season at No. 48 on Baseball America's top prospects list and No. 66 on MLB.com. Six of Atlanta's top 10 prospects are pitchers, including No. 3 Kolby Allard, a 19-year-old left-hander and Soroka's roommate. Baseball wasn't always on Soroka's radar. “I thought I was going to be a goalie in the NHL,” said Soroka, who followed his hometown Flames when they were making a Stanley Cup run in 2004. “Two or three years after that it kind of wore off but I was already pretty into it. Then by 13, 14, I realized that I didn't love to practise as much as a goalie as I did baseball.” Soroka has stayed close to home in the off-season, training at the Canadian Sport Institute with Stampeders quarterback Bo Levi Mitchell and linebackers Alex Singleton and Deron Mayo. He's also developed a close working relationship and friendship with former major league pitcher Chris Reitsma, who's been working with Soroka since he was 14. “I feel really connected with him and I can go with him for anything, not just baseball,” Soroka said. “He realizes a lot of the realities in the game of baseball and the business of baseball. He's been extremely helpful and I definitely wouldn't be as knowledgeable or as confident without him.” Soroka's progress this season has led to a spot in the Southern League's all-star game on June 20 in Pensacola, Fla., along with Allard. “To have that honour is awesome but there's still another half of the season left and you can make or break a season every start,” he said. “Just being able to enjoy that for that all-star break is going to be unreal and kind of just being able to reset a little bit and stay grounded and go out there and do my thing, that's what I'll need to do.” With both Soroka and Allard in the system, the Braves' starting rotation has a promising future. But Trembley said the franchise will take their time with Soroka. “The era of John Schuerholz (former Braves GM) and Bobby Cox (former Braves manager), they brought up those guys to the big leagues and let them continue their development in the big leagues,” Trembley said. “I don't think we're reluctant to do that, I just think at this particular point in time, the jump that Mike made, let him pitch where he's at right now and let's see what happens.”
Former NFL QB Chris Simms joins the Dan Le Batard Show to justify his ranking of Eli Manning as 38th best quarterback overall in the NFL. (1:49)
Two months ago, Eli Manning was on the sideline, his future in doubt, as he watched Geno Smith start against the Oakland Raiders. Now, with a new coach and general manager, he's been told by the New York Giants that they want him to be their starter moving forward -- even if they draft a quarterback with the No. 2 overall pick.
Manning is willing to help the next Giants quarterback -- he wouldn't exactly describe his role as being a mentor -- and has every intention of finishing his career with the only professional team he has played for. But he still feels he has something to prove after receiving the ultimate vote of confidence from the team's brass over the past few weeks.
"Excited," Manning said Friday in Bloomington, Minnesota. "Excited to get back to work and knowing that they have faith in me that I can go out there and win games and play at a high level.
"I want to go prove them right. I want to go out there and work my tail off to get to playing at a high level."
Editor's Picks Giants new regime in tough spot with quarterback Davis Webb It's nearly impossible for GM Dave Gettleman and coach Pat Shumur to tell if Davis Webb can be their QB of the future since he didn't play.
Manning is coming off one of his worst seasons since his rookie year. He threw just 19 touchdown passes and had 18 turnovers as the Giants finished 3-13.
With Manning, 37, on the downside of his career, there is a strong possibility the Giants will select a quarterback at the top of the draft. Manning said he would be fine with that. The two-time Super Bowl winner insists he isn't going to give a young quarterback the cold shoulder. He already spent 2017 working seamlessly alongside third-round pick Davis Webb.
"Every year, you've got backup quarterbacks, and they're usually going to be younger than you," Manning said. "I'm used to that, and it's always about helping the other guys in the room and having great communication, great conversations. That won't be a big deal, just always want to help the younger guys learn as quickly as possible, and when they're in there, plan to play at a high level."
But mentor? That isn't exactly how he would view the situation.
"It's not your job to mentor somebody, but I wouldn't look at it as that role," Manning said. "I would look at it as it's my job to prepare and compete and be ready to play each and every game. In that process, you're always talking football, helping out the other guys in the room, whether it's Davis Webb this year or Geno or guys over the years. You always have back and forth. You're always helping them out. Nothing changes."
Manning will have to learn a new offense under coach Pat Shurmur. He has already started looking at Minnesota's offense this season to learn its schemes and terminology.
Manning sees a good mix of influences in Shurmur's offense -- from Andy Reid's West Coast scheme to Chip Kelly's spread attack to Norv Turner's vertical approach.
Manning is optimistic and believes there is no reason the Giants can't be successful this season with new general manager Dave Gettleman rebuilding the roster, Shurmur as coach and him at quarterback.
"Knowing how my body feels," Manning said, "and how I can still make throws -- my body feels good and can still run around and do everything I have to do -- I think I don't have any indication it is going to slow down or all of a sudden have a big drop-off."
ESPN Vikings reporter Courtney Cronin contributed to this report.
BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel played down a bruising dispute about immigration policy with her Bavarian allies, saying in a televised interview on Wednesday that the row did not risk the stability of her coalition government.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel speaks during a budget debate at the lower house of parliament Bundestag in Berlin, Germany, July 4, 2018. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
“I can't promise that there won't be disputes again about other issues, as this is usual when a government includes three parties,” Merkel told ARD television when asked if her coalition would a full four years.
“This time it was a heavy dispute about a topic that is also very emotional. But I firmly expect and I'll do my part to ensure that we do our government work in a good way, and not only now but also in the coming years,” she said.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Banco De Sabadell Sa:
* BRITAIN‘S TSB BANK APPOINTS RICHARD MEDDINGS AS CHAIRMAN, TO SUCCEED WILL SAMUEL
* BANK ALSO REPORTS RESULTS FOR YEAR ENDING DEC.31 2017
* TSB ADVANCED 7 BILLION POUNDS IN NEW MORTGAGE LENDING, UP FROM 6.6 BILLION POUNDS IN 2016
* CUSTOMER DEPOSITS GREW TO 30.5 BILLION POUNDS, UP 3.9 PERCENT
* OPERATING COSTS INCREASED 16.7 PERCENT YEAR-ON-YEAR TO 821.3 MILLION POUNDS
* STATUTORY PROFIT BEFORE TAX FELL TO 162.7 MILLION POUNDS, DOWN 10.6 PERCENT Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Emma Rumney)
It looks like someone found a practical use case for AR that's not about trying on makeup or catching Pokémon. Ebay today introduced a new AR-powered feature that helps sellers figure out the best box to use for shipping their items to buyers. The technology works with a range of products, the company says, including everything from backpacks to kitchenware to automotive parts. It's meant to help sellers save time by pointing them to the correct USPS Flat Rate shipping box for their items.
Ebay says this technology will help seller skip a trip to their local post office looking for the right-sized box, and will provide real-time calculation of shipping costs.
The feature is one of the first to be built using Google's new ARCore platform, and currently runs only on ARCore-enabled Android devices.
ARCore, which is Google's answer to Apple's ARKit, was publicly released in February, and is now available in its 1.0 release to over 100 million Android devices, including top smartphones like Pixel, Pixel XL, Pixel 2, Pixel 2 XL, Galaxy S8, S8+, Note8, S7 and S7 edge, LGE's V30, V30+ (Android O only), ASUS Zenfone AR, OnePlus's OnePlus 5, and others.
Ebay's AR shipping feature also takes advantage of concurrent odometry and mapping to understand the phone's position, and sensors for movement and orientation, the company notes.
To use the feature in the eBay mobile app for Android, you open the app and tap “Selling” followed by “Which Box?” The app will instruct you to place the item on a non-reflective flat surface, like a table or floor. You then “try on” virtual boxes around the item, to see which one fits best – leaving room for extra padding if the item is fragile, of course.
With the box overlaid on the item, you can change to the angle to look down on the box from the top, look on the sides and the back to see if the item is fitting all the way around.
Ebay says the AR shipping feature, which was built during the company's annual hack week, is only one of several new AR experiences it has in the works this year. We're told that an iOS version of this feature is also in the works, but the timing and feature set is still to be determined.
In The Rockies, Climate Change Spells Trouble For Cutthroat Trout
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jonny Armstrong/USGS Jonny Armstrong/USGS
There's an unplanned experiment going on in the northern Rocky Mountains. What's happening is that spring is arriving earlier, and it's generally warmer and drier than usual. And that's messing with some of the fish that live there.
The fish is the iconic cutthroat trout. It's a native North American fish that thrives in cold, small streams. Explorer Meriwether Lewis of Lewis and Clark Expedition fame was among the first European-Americans to catch this spangly, spotted fish. He used deer spleen as bait.
It's relative rarity now makes it a favorite for catch-and-release anglers. But biologists have now found that it's in danger. The much more common rainbow trout is invading cutthroat streams and mating with the native fish. Ecologist Clint Muhlfeld says that creates hybrids.
"It jumbles up the genes that are linked to the locally adapted traits that these fish have evolved with," says Muhlfeld, who's with the U.S. Geological Survey and the University of Montana's Flathead Lake Biological Station.
Those traits have allowed cutthroats to survive through millennia in cold northern streams. And cold streams were thought to protect them from rainbows, which prefer warmer water.
But climate change is warming many high-altitude streams, and they frequently have less water, another change that favors rainbows. So they're moving in.
Muhlfeld says that when rainbows and cutthroats breed, the resulting hybrids are feeble — "less fit," in biological terms. "They don't survive as well as the native fish," he says. And hybrids that do survive continue to make more hybrids; there's no going back to making cutthroats again.
Writing in the journal Global Change Biology, Muhlfeld and a team of scientists from several research institutions studied fish in hundreds of locations in the northern Rockies. Hybridization was widespread. It was most common in places where fish and game departments have introduced rainbow trout, a practice that goes back to the 19th century.
Some states are trying to solve the problem by getting rid of rainbow trout. That might not please some anglers, but Muhlfeld says the cutthroat species could disappear otherwise.
"There are so many places around the world where you can go catch a rainbow trout," he says; it's been introduced all over the world. "There are very few places where you can actually go and catch a native fish that's been around for thousands and thousands of years.
"Extinction is permanent. Once the native genomes and adaptive traits are gone, they are gone forever."
HALIFAX—The case of a man charged with drunk driving causing the death of a well-known Halifax bottle collector is in court today. MBA student Dennis Patterson was charged after 62-year-old Wray Hart was killed in January when he was struck and became pinned by a car.
Wray Hart, 62, was killed in January 2018 when he was struck and became pinned by a car. ( Haley Ryan / StarMetro )
Hart was a fixture in downtown Halifax, where he could often be seen sitting outside the old library on Spring Garden Road or pushing a shopping cart piled high with recyclables. There was an outpouring of support for Hart after his death, with almost $9,000 raised through a GoFundMe campaign for his funeral arrangements. More than 100 people gathered to remember Hart at a funeral service in Halifax in February.
Article Continued Below
The GoFundMe page says Hart had been homeless for many years and often slept on a bench on Queen Street, but was not homeless at the time of his death. “He touched the lives of everyone he met and I know everyone has some fond memories when they think of Wray,” Natasha Pyke says on the page. “He was a kind an amazing man who struggled throughout his life but always remained happy and positive. He would do anything for anyone regardless of his own situation.”
Read more about:
3 H BY ADRIAN PADEANU
The virtual mirrors look spiffy, but in how many countries will these be legal?
You could say Audi has been teasing the E-Tron since September 2015 when the namesake concept debuted at the Frankfurt Motor Show. Now, nearly three years later, the production version is still a no-show, but at least today we're finally able to have a look inside the cabin of the road-going model. Bear in mind Audi refers to this vehicle as a prototype, but expect the production version to be virtually the same and feature air suspension as standard.
And speaking of “virtually,” gone are the conventional side mirrors since these have been replaced by cameras for what Audi describes as being virtual mirrors. Those were initially shown at the end of May, but now we get to see the other important component of the equipment – the small screens mounted on the top-right corner of the door panel.
It will probably take a little bit of time getting used to the seven-inch OLED screens positioned right below the windows, but these will bring some advantages over conventional mirrors. The driver will be able to zoom in and out, as well as select from one of the three pre-programmed settings that will adjust the virtual mirrors for parking, turning, and for highway driving. It goes without saying blind spot functionality has been incorporated in these digital displays.
The OLED pair has increased the number of screens to five if we include the fully digital instrument cluster, the infotainment system, and the touchscreen mounted lower on the center console for the climate control settings as seen in high-end Audis like the A8, Q8, A7, and A6.
At the heart of the Audi E-Tron will be a pair of electric motors providing a combined output of 355 horsepower (265 kilowatts) for a sprint to 62 mph (100 kph) in less than 6 seconds and a top speed of about 200 kph (124 mph). Using the automatic transmission selector to enable Sport mode will offer a temporary maximum power of 402 hp (300 kW).
The Belgium-built electric crossover will rely on a 95-kWh battery with enough juice for approximately 400 km (248.5 miles) in the WLTP cycle, which will be possible partly thanks to the E-Tron's aerodynamic body with a drag coefficient of just 0.28. The low Cd number was achieved by replacing the bulky mirrors with the tiny cameras, thus making the vehicle narrower by 15 centimeters (5.9 inches). These virtual mirrors will be offered as optional equipment, but won't be legal all over the world. However, Audi mentions it's in talks with the right people to make them legal globally.
Getting back to the batteries, using a 150-kW high-voltage charger will “fill up” the pack in just 30 minutes while with a 400-volt three-phase outlet it will take approximately 8 hours and 30 minutes.
The interior cabin will provide a generous amount of space for five occupants thanks to a long wheelbase stretching at 2,928 millimeters (9.6 feet). Being an EV, it means there's no center tunnel, so rear passengers get to enjoy more legroom compared to a conventionally powered vehicle. On the entertainment front, there will be an optional Bang & Olufsen sound system with 16 loudspeakers and an amplifier pumping out 705 watts of power.
As a final note, the E-Tron was supposed to debut on August 30 in Brussels, but company CEO Rupert Stadler was arrested, forcing Audi to postpone the official premiere. It's not known at this point when the Jaguar I-Pace and Mercedes EQ C rival will be revealed, but the event is expected to take place in the United States later this year. Market launch won't be affected by this setback, so customer deliveries are still on track for early 2019. A sleeker E-Tron Sportback will arrive before the end of the decade and will also be built in Brussels, with a stylish E-Tron GT to be launched later and produced in Germany.
8 photos
Press blast below:
In the 122nd episode of the web series, “A Wet State,” Daniel Brasuell heads to the North Island of New Zealand as a way to escape the chill of northern winter in the U.S. Watch as he spends a week exploring the classic whitewater of the North Island, including the Kaituna, Huka Falls, and the lower Kaituna. These runs are absolute classics and the varied whitewater of the North Island makes a fantastic vacation for intermediate to expert paddlers.
More from C&K:
—Video: Mekong's 4000 Islands
—Video: Xenogenesis III
1:47
Obama gave this man a second chance, here's how it's going
1:44
How destructive is the ‘Mother of All Bombs'?
0:08
Hi!
You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you.
Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot.
Thanks,
TC Team
The most decorated star on Broadway regularly spends the night on the sidewalk. For the last few years, six-time Tony Award winner Audra McDonald has joined Sleep Out: Broadway Edition, which invites hundreds of members of the New York theater community to pass an entire night on the street, regardless of weather. The annual event is a fundraiser for Covenant House, the organization that helps homeless teens in 30 cities across six countries.
Marco Grob for Variety
McDonald first got to know Covenant House when she was working on “Lady Day at Emerson's Bar & Grill,” the 2014 Billie Holiday bio that earned her that sixth Tony. She's since become a board member. Although she was initially spurred by Holiday's history (the blues singer was herself a homeless teen), McDonald's connection to the organization runs much deeper. “I'm trying to raise socially aware activists and feminists and citizens of the human race, and Covenant House really brought all of that more into focus,” says the mother of two, whose youngest, Sally James, was born last year. “Everything I bought for the baby, I've been like, ‘You get to borrow it for a minute, Sally James, but it's for the Cov kids,'” referring to the organization's programs for teen mothers.
Kevin Ryan, the president and CEO of Covenant House, says he regularly receives notes and checks from new donors who say they were inspired to become involved when they heard McDonald speak about the charity during one of her concerts. “What I love about [Audra],” Ryan says, “is she really understands that the least interesting thing about our kids is their homelessness. They're students and interns and actors and rappers and poets.”
McDonald gets the chance to spend time with the kids when she visits local outposts of Covenant House on the down low, or serves them breakfast on Thanksgiving Day — or spends the night with them at the Sleep Out. “You wake up the next morning, if you slept at all, and you're converted,” she says. “These kids, this is their life. It just changes you're worldview. It can't.”
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): Foreign Minister Khawaja Muhammad Asif has met
the Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs Lt. General McMaster at the White House.
According to a message recieved here Friday from Washington DC, the two
leaders discussed the bilateral relationship as well as ways in which the two countries could promote mutually beneficial cooperation.
They also discussed regional situation particularly Afghanistan. The
Foreign Minister briefed NSA about Pakistan's perspective on the US strategy.
Foreign Minister Khawaja Asif stressed the importance that Pakistan
attaches to peace in Afghanistan and emphasized the need to work together for regional peace and stability.
You're watching a movie. A criminal is trying to evade a crime scene in a sports car on the highway. A helicopter is following the car from above. The car enters a tunnel with multiple exits and the helicopter loses track of the car.
A VPN works just like the tunnel in this movie scene — it connects different roads and turns them into one, and a helicopter can't see what's happening inside the tunnel.
I'm sure many people around you have recommended you a VPN service. They usually tell you that a VPN is great, it lets you watch geo-blocked content, avoid the Great Firewall of China or browse the internet securely. VPNs are great, sometimes. But using a VPN can be as dangerous as not using one if you don't know what you're doing.
What the hell is a VPN?
If you have multiple computers, phones and tablets at home, you are using a local area network. These devices are all connected to the same Wi-Fi network and you can even transfer photos or movies from one computer to another without using the internet. Local area networks are private networks by design.
A VPN is a virtual private network. It lets you remotely connect to a private network. For instance, your office might be using a VPN for remote employees. This way, you can establish a connection with your company's intranet and use your computer as if it were in the office. You're virtually in the office, using your company's Wi-Fi network.
Using a VPN is quite simple. Usually, a company or a developer installs a VPN server on a computer at home, in your office or in a data center. Then, users with the right credentials can connect to this server using a VPN client. There are many VPN clients out there on computers, mobile devices and even routers. Windows, Android, iOS and macOS even come with a basic VPN client in your device's settings.
Let's say you're establishing a VPN connection on your computer. Your computer and the VPN server will start a point-to-point connection and all your network traffic will go through this connection. Think about this connection as a tunnel between your computer and a server. This tunnel is usually encrypted, and everything goes through the tunnel, from one end to another.
Why should I use a VPN?
Many of you probably first started using a VPN for work, especially when you're working from home. There are a few advantages in using a VPN for a company. For example, it lets employees access office servers that aren't connected to the internet, as you're all connected to the same private network. Back in the days before cloud-hosted Office 365 servers or the G Suite, many companies were managing their own email and calendar servers. IT services could force you to connect to the company's VPN first to access your emails and calendar events. It's a good way to protect sensitive information.
But there are a few drawbacks as well. When you use a VPN connection, all network traffic goes through the VPN, including your internet traffic. Your company's IT service could enforce strict browsing rules and prevent you from using Twitter. Or they could even watch and record your internet browsing habits to find a good excuse to fire you later down the road (too much Reddit, kthxbye).
But office environments aren't the only use case for a VPN. If you live outside of the U.S., you know that a VPN can save the day when you're trying to stream something from HBO Now, Netflix's U.S. movie library, Hulu or one of the many streaming services that restrict you from using them abroad.
Many companies provide access to a bunch of servers around the world so that you can pretend you're in another country. As I told you, once you set up a VPN connection, all network traffic goes through a tunnel and HBO's servers will think that they're sending data to a customer in the U.S. They're sending data to an American IP address indeed (the address of the server), but everything is then sent through the VPN tunnel to your device on the other side of the world.
Sometimes, the VPN server doesn't have enough bandwidth to upload the movie through the tunnel in a good resolution and your movie will look like crap. Sometimes, content companies like Netflix try to ban IP addresses that belong to well-known VPN servers, rendering this trick useless.
And finally, if you've traveled to China or another country that blocks many internet services, you've been relying on a VPN to connect to Gmail, Facebook or Twitter. China blocks websites at the network level. You need to connect to a VPN server outside of China to access those websites. Just like Netflix, the Chinese government tries to ban IP addresses of popular VPN services, making it more difficult to establish a reliable connection with a server outside of China.
Should I use a VPN to be secure on the internet?
Many coffee shops or hotels don't spend too much time securing their Wi-Fi networks. Just like at home, it means that a user can see another user's computer on the local network. And if there's a hacker in your favorite coffee shop, they could snoop on your internet traffic to learn some information about you.
This was a serious issue a few years ago. Many websites didn't use a secure connection on their login page. Hackers could get your bank account's login and password and steal all your money.
Not using the Wi-Fi network at all was the best way to avoid that. But if you really needed to checked your email account, you could use a trustworthy VPN server to prevent snooping — nobody can see what's happening in the tunnel.
Things have changed quite a lot. Now, a vast majority of internet services have switched to HTTPS and end-to-end encryption to make sure that nobody can see your private information, even without a VPN.
All of this leads me to today's false assumptions about VPNs. No, a VPN doesn't mean that you'll be more secure on the internet. It depends on the VPN server.
When you use a VPN to change your country, avoid censorship or protect your connection in a coffee shop, the VPN server at the other end can see all your network traffic. You're just moving the risk down the VPN tunnel, and it can be quite dangerous if you're not careful enough.
Assume that all the free VPN apps that you see in the App Store and Google Play are free for a reason. They'll analyze your browsing habits, sell them to advertisers, inject their own ads on non-secure pages or steal your identity. You should avoid free VPNs at all costs.
When it comes to paid options, some of them promise you internet privacy for $5, $10 or $20 per month. But look at the privacy policy and terms of service first. I've seen plenty of VPNs that log your internet traffic, share information with law enforcement and more. Read the small print.
And even if the privacy policy looks good, you'll have to blindly trust them as it's hard to verify that they actually do what they promise they're doing. In many cases, a secure home connection with a MAC address whitelist is better than connecting to some random company's VPN server. You don't want to give a stranger your home keys even if they say that they promise they won't break into your house.
As for encryption, some protocols aren't as secure as you might think. L2TP with a pre-shared key for authentication can be decrypted for instance, destroying the concept of the unbreachable tunnel. A secure server running OpenVPN with a server certificate is more robust.
All of this might sound a bit complicated, but the bottom line is quite simple: a VPN is great and can fill different needs, but don't do business with someone shady.
Featured Image: Bryce Durbin/TechCrunch
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Lee Johnson “has done a terrific job” says Bolton Wanderers manager Phil Parkinson
Bolton Wanderers manager Phil Parkinson has praised Bristol City head coach Lee Johnson and says that the Robins are “as good as any side”.
City are currently fifth in the Sky Bet Championship table and can move up to third if they beat Bolton at the Macron Stadium on Friday night.
They come into the game having ended their dip in league form with a hard-fought 2-0 win over Queens Park Rangers, despite spending two-thirds of the game down to ten-men.
Parkinson was speaking to BWFC TV ahead of the game and is weary of the threat the Robins carry.
“On the day their they are very very good, but they've had some off days in the league recently.
“Maybe that's fatigue given the sheer volume of games they've had of late, but yeah they're as good as anybody and Lee has done a terrific job.”
Friday's game will see City take on two former players in Aaron Wilbraham and Mark Little.
(Image: Robbie Stephenson/JMP)
Club favourite Wilbraham left the club in August to sign for the newly promoted side while defender Little signed for the club after his contact was not renewed at BS3 at the end of last season and Parkinson admitted the pair will be relishing facing their former employers.
Parkinson said: “Without a doubt they will be wanting to get on that pitch, you know when you play against your old club there is a special edge to it.
"Mark and Aaron were great servants to Bristol city and those two players will be keen to play if selected”.
With the Wanderers looking to avoid the drop, Parkinson brought in four new-faces during the January transfer window.
(Image: Rogan Thomson/JMP)
Tyler Walker, Zack Clough, Reece Burke and Jon Flanagan all joined the club on-loan until the end of the season, and Parkinson admitted they could all start against the Robins on Friday night.
He said: “well the new-players have all come into our thoughts, but we haven't had a great deal of time to decide how we are going to play in terms of the personnel,
“It's time for us to sit down with the new-players and see where they are in terms of their fitness.
“We have to select a team that has got the right balance in it to get a result in this game.
What good is having one of the nation's top engineering programs if you can't put it to good use in fixing one of the nation's top centers on your Sweet 16-bound basketball team?
Purdue's sports medicine program has reached out to a group of mechanical engineers on campus, according to the Lafayette Journal & Courier, to see if they can design an NCAA-approved brace that would at least open the door for 7-foot-2 center Isaac Haas to be able to return to the court this season.
Purdue coach Matt Painter has been consistently clear that he doesn't expect Haas to be healthy enough to play in the Boilermakers' upcoming games regardless of the brace he wears on his recently fractured elbow, but it appears engineers will take a stab at rebuilding him anyway. They might have the technology.
Editor's Picks Purdue's Haas unlikely to play, even with brace Purdue coach Matt Painter said Isaac Haas, who fractured his elbow in the Boilermakers' NCAA tournament win over Cal State Fullerton, isn't expected to play again this season, even if a brace is approved.
With so many top seeds eliminated, it's time to reseed the Sweet 16 Let's try this again. It's not exactly the 16 teams we expected, but it's time to take a good look and put them in the proper order. The top teams aren't that shocking, but then the surprises start. 1 Related
Haas fractured his right elbow last Friday, when he fell hard during the second half of Purdue's first-round tournament victory over Cal State Fullerton. Postgame X-rays revealed a break that will require surgery to fix, and the team sent a news release shortly thereafter to say Haas would be out for the remainder of the season.
Haas wore a large, taped brace on his arm while attempting to practice over the weekend, but NCAA rules prohibit him from using the brace in a game. The rulebook states that players can't wear any non-pliable brace or cast on their elbow, wrist or hand.
"That's fine," Haas said Sunday after Purdue beat 10-seed Butler to advance to the Sweet 16. "I respect those guys for doing their jobs."
The senior held out hope, though, that a few days' rest would help his elbow heal enough to give him a shot at returning to the court during Purdue's tournament run. He said he would delay the necessary surgery that will put a pin in his elbow until the Boilermakers' season is over.
"Maybe with some decrease in inflammation. Maybe with some opportunities to rest it without any kind of additional treatment, maybe some natural healing will do it well," Haas said Sunday. "One thing is for sure I'm going to ride with these guys as long as they last. I know they'll make it all way."
Painter told reporters Monday that he had heard there might be an engineering plan to try to build a brace that would pace the NCAA's requirements to be used in competition. He also added that the coach's own requirements for Haas to play will be tougher hurdles to clear. Painter said Haas will need to prove that he can raise his arm enough to rebound with two hands and shoot free throws with his right hand. Haas attempted to shoot with his left hand while Purdue warmed up for Sunday's second round game against Butler.
"He has the best brace you can possibly have on that they didn't approve," Painter told reporters on Purdue's campus Monday afternoon. "So if he has the best brace possible and he can't shoot a right-handed free throw, this brace isn't going to be better. It's just going to be one that's a little bit less (bulky) and it's going to get approved. He still has a broken elbow."
Purdue, a No. 2-seed in the East Region, will face No. 3-seed Texas Tech Friday night in Boston.
GENEVA/TRIPOLI (Reuters) - An estimated 90 migrants are feared to have drowned off the coast of Libya after a smuggler's boat capsized early on Friday, leaving three known survivors and 10 bodies washed up on shore, the International Organisation for Migration (IOM) said.
Survivors told aid workers that most of the migrants on board were Pakistanis, who make up a growing number of those attempting the hazardous voyage across the Mediterranean to Italy from North Africa, IOM spokeswoman Olivia Headon said.
“They have given an estimate of 90 people who drowned during to capsize, but we still need to verify the exact number of people who lost their lives during the tragedy,” Headon, speaking from Tunis, told a Geneva news briefing.
“What has been reported to us is that it's mostly Pakistanis who were on board the boat, but we still need to verify the nationalities and how many from what country,” she said.
Ten bodies have washed up on Libyan shores so far, two of them Libyans and the rest Pakistanis, she said.
“I believe the Libyan coastguard is looking for other survivors off the coast,” Headon added.
Another IOM spokesman, Leonard Doyle, told Reuters Television that the boat was believed to have left shore on Thursday before capsizing early on Friday morning.
LURE OF “EL DORADO”
The tragedy demonstrates the continued allure of Europe for desperate migrants fleeing conflicts and poverty, Doyle said, despite tighter surveillance of the main smuggling routes by the Libyan coastguard, backed up by European cash and know-how.
“They (the migrants) are lured there by social media. They get onto a phone, they are promised El Dorado, they think life is going to be great. And before they know it, they are getting into the hands of awful criminal, extorting people - smugglers, traffickers, this dreadful, shocking torture,” he said.
Earlier on Friday security officials in the western Libyan town of Zuwara said two Libyans and one Pakistani had been rescued from the boat. They also confirmed the recovery of 10 bodies, mostly Pakistani, but gave no further information.
Zuwara, located near Libya's border with Tunisia, was a favoured site for migrant boat departures over the past two years but of late has seen only occasional departures. A statement from the Zuwara coastguard said their initial information suggested there were some 90 people on board.
Libya is the main gateway for migrants trying to cross to Europe by sea, though numbers have dropped sharply since July as Libyan factions and authorities - under pressure from Italy and the European Union - have begun to block departures.
More than 600,000 people are believed to have made the journey from Libya to Italy over the past four years.
Prior to Friday's incident, some 6,624 migrants are believed to have arrived in Europe by sea so far this year and a further 246 have died, according to IOM figures.
The Libyan coastguard, which receives EU funding and training, has become more assertive in recent months in intercepting migrants and bringing them back to Libya.
Activists have criticised the policy, saying migrants often face extreme hardship and abuse in Libya, including forced labour, according to Human Rights Watch and other rights groups.
Migrants who are caught trying to cross to Italy are put in severely overcrowded detention centres authorised by the interior ministry.
Major Hamza Al-mustapha, the Chief Security Officer to former Head of State, Gen. Sani Abacha, and leader of the Movement for the Actualisation of Sovereign State of Biafra (MASSOB), Chief Ralph Uwazuruike, among others, stormed Kaduna state on Monday for a peace meeting.
It was gathered that the influential leaders arrived the Northern city to broker peace with youths from both the Southern and Northern parts of the country over ‘Kaduna Declaration' that over time generated serious controversy.
A Facebook user identified as Mohammed Grema Adamu, took to the social networking platform and shared some photos from the high profile ‘peace meeting' where Northern elder statesman, Ango Abdullahi, Al-Mustapha and other Igbo leaders met behind closed-door in Zaria.
Adamu captioned the photos; “Happening now! Igbo leaders from Southeast in company of Major Hamza Almustapha visit Prof. Ango Abdullahi in Zaria. Sir -Jalal Falal.” Al-Mustapha and others before the meeting As at the time of filing this report, details of the meeting were yet to be ascertained.
This is still a developing story, we'll be bringing you more details later.
BANGKOK, 14 August 2017 (NNT) – Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha has ordered authorities to closely monitor for rainstorms in the upcoming monsoon season and to get prepared in advance in bid to mitigate impacts.
Government Spokesman Lt Gen Sansern Kaewkamnerd said the premier had been reported of the latest flood situation which still persists in eight provinces, namely Sakon Nakhon, Kalasin, Nakhon Panom, Roi-et, Yasothorn, Ubon Ratchathani, Nong Khai, and Ayutthaya. The situation in these provinces is expected to return to normal in a week, should there be no additional rainfalls.
Full story: NNT
Reporter: Tanakorn Sangiam,
Rewriter: tewit kemtong
National News Bureau Of Thailand
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge Pause
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of his wife
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of his wife
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
0:58 Little Rebekah is Manatee's first baby of 2017
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
2:22 All-Area Boys Swimmer of the Year T.C. Smith discusses the honor
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
Israelis Have A Love-Hate Relationship With Jerusalem
Enlarge this image toggle caption Menahem Kahana/AFP/Getty Images Menahem Kahana/AFP/Getty Images
A short walk from the new U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem is a stone apartment building on a leafy street that might as well be a metaphor for Israelis' love-hate relationship with the city and its religious character.
On the ground floor, a religious Jewish Israeli man has moved in with his family. One floor up, a secular Jewish Israeli woman has moved out.
When President Trump moved the American Embassy from Tel Aviv, he said Jerusalem was "the capital of the Jewish people established in ancient times." The city is central in Jewish tradition. It is also revered by Christian and Muslim traditions. Palestinians rejected the embassy move, demanding their own capital in parts of the city Israel captured in 1967. Most countries do not base their embassies to Israel in the city, so as not to take sides in the dispute.
Some Israelis celebrated the U.S. Embassy move as recognition of Israel's right to sovereignty in the Jews' spiritual homeland. Some shrugged their shoulders, accepting what most Israelis believe to be a long-established fact that Jerusalem is Israel's capital.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ahmad Gharabli/AFP/Getty Images Ahmad Gharabli/AFP/Getty Images
But every Israeli has a strong opinion about Jerusalem as a city. It has experienced much change in the last few decades, including the trauma of violence around the Palestinian uprising of the 2000s and the growing influence of its religious Jewish community.
There's a concept in Jewish tradition about the existence of two Jerusalems: Yerushalayim Shel Maala — the heavenly Jerusalem — and Yerushalayim Shel Mata — the earthly Jerusalem. It's a city of opposites, with both spiritual and physical dimensions.
Like a magnet with two poles, Jerusalem both attracts and repels.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Daniel Estrin/NPR Daniel Estrin/NPR
The one who left
"I always said I was born in Jerusalem, I'll die in Jerusalem and I'll be buried in Jerusalem. This was the thing I used to say always. And I don't see myself now going back," says Daphna Eilon, 64, lighting a cigarette in her new apartment in the coastal city of Tel Aviv.
Eilon used to work as a TWA ticketing agent, before the airline closed down, and then as a bank employee in Jerusalem. She was the sixth generation of her family to live there.
She remembers the Jerusalem of the 1990s, when there were fewer tensions between Israelis and Palestinians and her young son would play with a Palestinian boy from a nearby neighborhood.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Daniel Estrin/NPR Daniel Estrin/NPR
"He was riding on the donkey, and my kid was on his bike, and switched. And my kid went on the donkey, and he took his bike, and they were friends. And everything was nice," Eilon says. "You wouldn't see that anymore. There's no communication. There's no relationship. I don't know. Everything went to an extreme, and I don't like the tension. So I ran away."
Eilon lived through waves of Palestinian suicide bombings in the 2000s. Some of her son's friends were killed. Today, about 38 percent of Jerusalem's population is Palestinian.
She witnessed the growth of the city's haredi or ultra-Orthodox Jewish residents, who largely reject secular culture and live in cloistered communities centered around Torah study. Now 34 percent of Jerusalem's residents are ultra-Orthodox, which is the highest percentage in a major Israeli city. The national average of ultra-Orthodox Jews is 9 percent, according to the Jerusalem Institute for Policy Research, an Israeli nonpartisan think tank.
Middle East What Has The Unrest In Gaza Meant For Palestinians? What Has The Unrest In Gaza Meant For Palestinians? Listen · 4:52 4:52
Ultra-Orthodox Jewish neighborhoods in Jerusalem often close off public roads with barricades to prevent cars from driving through on the Sabbath, which lasts from nightfall Friday to nightfall Saturday.
"If I want to go to my mother on Shabbat, I cannot take the same route I take during the week because half the roads are blocked or closed on Shabbat," Eilon says.
Her son, and more than a dozen of his childhood friends, have moved an hour's drive away from Jerusalem to the Tel Aviv area. It is Israel's business hub, and provides better salaries in the private sector than the mostly public sector jobs available in Jerusalem.
When it comes to religion, Tel Aviv and Jerusalem are opposites. Today only 20 percent of Israelis in Jerusalem identify as non-religious. In Tel Aviv, 67 percent of residents do.
"We have the Arabs and we have the religious and we are being somehow pushed out," Eilon says of non-religious Israelis in Jerusalem. "Slowly but surely, we feel unwanted, unwelcome, un-everything."
The one who came
On the bottom floor of the Jerusalem apartment building, Shaike El Ami hums a Sabbath tune and prepares a large Sabbath dinner. He moved into the apartment in the past year with his family.
El Ami, 59, is in love with Jerusalem, a city that his great-great-grandparents in Eastern Europe prayed about.
"They all dream of Jerusalem. I have the ability to be a part of Jerusalem, building a community of Jerusalem," says El Ami. "Not just a dream. I have a mission."
He belongs to Hakhel, one of a small number of progressive Orthodox synagogues in the city that allow women more leadership in prayers than is customary in Orthodox Jewish tradition.
"There's something about Jerusalem that gives people the ambition and the ability to try to create a new community, to create new synagogues, to create their own style of life," says El Ami.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Daniel Estrin/NPR Daniel Estrin/NPR
He directs community centers in Jerusalem and is involved in projects to encourage Palestinians and Israelis to mingle.
He also tries to create common ground between Orthodox and non-religious Jews, a frequent source of friction in the city. As ultra-Orthodox families expand, they seek housing in parts of the city that have not traditionally been majority ultra-Orthodox.
Residents of these neighborhoods often object to the newcomers, fearing their local schools will adopt a religious Jewish curriculum and that their neighbors will change the status quo of the public sphere, like closing off roads during the Sabbath.
El Ami calls this dilemma the city's biggest challenge. "If we do not handle it," he says, "people will not stay in Jerusalem."
What the city needs
There are efforts to make Jerusalem a better place to live, activists in the city say.
In the last decade, Jerusalem has developed culturally, with marathons, festivals and tourism initiatives to attract Israelis from across the country, says Sharone April, the director of the Jerusalem Innovation Team, a consulting group that liaises with city officials and is sponsored by former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg's foundation.
More coffee shops in the city are open on the Sabbath than in the past, she adds.
April also says there's been an increase in first-grade enrollment in secular and modern Orthodox Jewish schools, a sign that the non-ultra-Orthodox population is holding its ground. And Jerusalem is building high-rise buildings at its western entrance to encourage high-tech businesses to base themselves in the city.
Jerusalem's eastern sector, home to the city's Palestinians, has suffered years of neglect compared to the city's Jewish areas. The mayor has announced a multimillion-dollar initiative through the year 2023 to reduce socioeconomic gaps and promote economic development and infrastructure in that part of the city.
This kind of investment has a political dimension. It is part of Israel's vow never to relinquish control over Palestinian areas of Jerusalem. But many Palestinians in the city do not accept Israeli rule on principle and want to rule themselves in an independent state with a capital in Jerusalem.
Both El Ami and Eilon — from the apartment building near the U.S. Embassy — see Jerusalem as Israel's capital. But they both argue President Trump's endorsement of the Israeli view isn't what the city needs most.
"I can live without his declaration," says El Ami. "I am very concerned that we have any ability to make any process with the Palestinians."
"Trump is not going to change the reality of Jerusalem," says Eilon. "The reality of Jerusalem will be changed by its people, and if it is not changed intentionally, it will not change for the better."
MELBOURNE, Florida — It's a major undertaking to close, reconstruct and re-open all three runways in succession at an international airport, and probably not for the faint of heart.
“But it was necessary and our team was up to the challenge,” said Greg Donovan, A.A.E., executive director of Orlando Melbourne International Airport (KMLB).
It's been almost 25 years since the airport's three runways were resurfaced. The usual protocol is to stagger significant airfield projects months or years apart, but that wasn't an option at KMLB. With more than 200 commercial aircraft and 1,900 general aviation operations each week, the growing airport needed to move forward quickly. Fortunately, the Florida Department of Transportation recognized the need and provided half of the funds for the initial project.
“We're proud to report that the first runway, 9L/27R was completed on time and under budget,” Donovan reported at the dedication of the 6,000′ runway, used primarily by general aviation aircraft, including Embraer Executive Jets which assembles its Phenom and Legacy business jets airside at MLB. An Embraer Phenom 300 marked the occasion with a celebratory takeoff.
The renovations include complete removal and replacement of the concrete and paving, new runway markings, upgraded electronics, lighting and new signage.
A budget of $3.5 million was approved by the Melbourne Airport Authority a year ago. The project came in under budget by $57,909.
Next, the airport will tackle its 3,001′ Runway 5/23, then its main runway, 9R/27L which at 10,181′ is nearly two miles long. Expected completion date for those projects in mid-June 2018.
The Hanson Memorial Cheerleaders were named the 2017 Division III Spirit Champions last weekend at the 2017 LHSAA Spirit Championship in Kenner. The three senior cheerleaders choreographed an original hip hop routine. The members are are: Allee Adams, Jordyn Baudoin, Avery Businelle, Madi Businelle, Halle Comeaux, Abby Dugas, Lexie Fitch, Sydni Gaither, Mackenzie Guillotte, Autumn Hebert, Noel Johnson, Olivia Luke, Bailee Rineholt, Emily Rogers, Katie Thibodeaux and Avery Tibbs.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
SCOTT SIMON, HOST:
Pope Francis wound up his two-day visit to Egypt today. He celebrated mass for the country's small Catholic community. In a sign of heightened security concerns, the religious service was held in a military stadium. NPR's Sylvia Poggioli reports.
(SOUNDBITE OF BELLS)
SYLVIA POGGIOLI, BYLINE: In his homily, the pope stuck to the basic theme of his visit - his strong belief that only Christian-Muslim dialogue can combat extremism and violence. All our religiosity, he said, means nothing unless it's inspired by deep faith and charity.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
POPE FRANCIS: (Speaking Italian).
POGGIOLI: True faith, the pope said, makes us see the other not as an enemy to be overcome but a brother or sister to be loved and helped. And it leads us to protect the rights of others with the same zeal and enthusiasm as we defend our own. The only fanaticism believers can have, the pope added, is that of charity. The trip's main event was the visit to Al-Azhar University, an important center of learning for Sunni Islam. Francis warmly embraced the grand imam and made an urgent appeal for leaders of all faiths to reject violence and denounce intolerance.
The trip came three weeks after Islamic militants carried out suicide bombings in Coptic churches that killed more than 40 people, prompting the government to declare a state of emergency and increase police powers. In his meeting with President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, the pope backed his crackdown against terrorism, but in a clear reference to activists' many denunciations of repressive government tactics, Francis made some critical remarks, demanding unconditional respect for inalienable human rights, such as equality among all citizens, religious freedom and freedom of expression, without any distinction. Sylvia Poggioli, NPR News, Cairo.
(SOUNDBITE OF MELODIUM'S "CHOANAL IMPERFORATION") Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
TEHRAN (Tasnim) – Seventeen people have been killed and eight injured in a “terrorist attack” on a restaurant in Burkina Faso's capital, the government said Monday.
Witnesses said three gunmen arrived at a Turkish restaurant in a pickup truck on Sunday evening and opened fire on customers seated outside.
The government then launched a counter-assault, with gunfire heard into the night.
“A terrorist attack at Istanbul restaurant on Ouagadougou's Kwame Nkrumah Avenue claimed 17 victims, their nationalities are yet to be confirmed, and eight people are injured,” a government statement said, The Telegraph reported.
Communication minister Remis Dandjinou said it was not known how many assailants were involved.
“They are confined to one part of the building they attacked. Security and elite forces are conducting an operation,” he said on television.
A paramedic told AFP that one of the victims was a Turkish national.
“We evacuated 11 people but one of them, a Turk, died on arriving at hospital,” the paramedic said, declining to be named.
Police evacuated civilians from the area before launching the counter-assault, with the heavy exchange of fire becoming more sporadic as the operation went on.
One soldier had said there were hostages on the first and second floor of the two-story building housing the Turkish restaurant.
The mayor of Ouagadougou and government ministers were on the scene, he added.
Full story: tasnimnews.com
Tasnim News Agency
After launching in China late last year, PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds Mobile is finally coming to additional markets. This news comes just a few short days after developer Tencent Games began running a beta in Canada on March 15 , and I don't imagine anyone will be complaining about the rapid expansion.
Tencent and PUBG Corp. note that the game is "now available in many regions around the world" and that it'll be added to "more regions" later on.
We are very excited to launch PUBG Mobile on iOS and Android internationally. We are working hard to create an authentic PUBG mobile experience that players new and old will love. A lot of went into controls and optimization to give players a smooth and intuitive experience.
Lower graphics aside, PUBG Mobile has just about everything you've come to know and love from the PC and Xbox version of the game. You and 99 other players jump out of a plane, collect any loot you can find, and fight to be the last one standing to be the winner of a chicken dinner.
The game currently has a rating of 4.7 stars on the Play Store, with some of the highlights being the gameplay, graphics, and controls. I'm still holding out for Fortnite's Android release, but in the meantime, this does look like something that'll be holding my attention until then.
If you're a PUBG fan, are you excited about the release of its mobile port?
Download: PUBG Mobile (free)
By Charlene Crowell
(Deputy Communications Director, Center for Responsible Lending)
In the classic movie film, “Gone with the Wind,” the owner of the Tara plantation admonished his daughter for remarking that she didn't care about her home. In a sharp rebuke, Gerald O-Hara declared that “land was the only thing worth living for, worth fighting for…worth dying for.”
For the fictional O'Hara family, Tara was their home, and the source of the family's wealth. Fast forward to the 21st century, having a home remains a rock-solid route to building wealth that grows and becomes a key opportunity to share that same wealth inter-generationally.
Unless you are among those who have been denied your own American Dream.
New research by the Center for Responsible Lending finds that today's racial wealth gaps were supported and sustained by the federal government's Fair Housing Administration (FHA). From the program's inception during the 1930s, FHA perpetuated racial discrimination by making mortgage credit broadly available to White borrowers and at the same time, excluding Blacks and other people of color.
More importantly, FHA has an important role to play in leveling today's mortgage finance field and its two-tiered system.
“These homeownership rate disparities did not occur by chance,” argued Peter Smith and Melissa Stegman, authors of “Repairing a two-tiered system: The critical but complex role of FHA.” “The homeownership rate gap between Whites and people of color is in large part due to historic federal housing policy choices that created decades-long impacts.”
CRL, however, credits FHA mortgage lending as an important aid to the nation's economic recovery following the Great Recession. As much of private mortgage lending retreated during the housing crisis, FHA increased its purchase market share to 42 percent in 2009. Prior to that economic crisis, FHA's market share was only 8.8 percent of the market.
FHA also sustained the mortgage market and provided broad liquidity for wealthier borrowers in addition to low-to-moderate income families. FHA's refinancing of toxic subprime loans saved many family homes from foreclosure and became a sustainable alternative.
Today, with much of the mortgage market recovered, unnecessarily tight and expensive credit in the conventional mortgage market often makes FHA the only option to finance homeownership for low- to moderate-income borrowers, lower-wealth borrowers, and borrowers of color. This single-option also means that borrowers broadly denied the lower-cost, most-affordable private loans available, have a slower rate of home appreciation due to fees and insurance that accompany government-backed loans.
CRL's analysis of mortgage data from 2004 to 2016 found that:
• The FHA market share for Black and Latino borrowers now approaches half of all purchase mortgage lending to these borrowers;
• FHA is the major source of mortgage credit for higher-income Black and Latino borrows as compared to conventional lending;
• Tight and expensive credit in the conventional market has led to FHA becoming the only mortgage option for many borrowers of color, low-to-moderate income families, and lower-wealth families.
• Of the top 10 FHA home purchase lenders in 2004, five were banks and five were non-depositories; by 2016, eight of the top 10 FHA lenders were non-depositories.
It is important to note that the withdrawal of banks leaving the FHA insured program, comes at a time of record profits, made possible in large by taxpayer dollars that provided a financial bailout of failing financial institutions, during the housing collapse.
These lenders exit the program at a time when it is inadequately funded and lacks up-to-date technology that could enhance its administrative functions. Further, the exit of large banks additionally became a gateway for non-depository institutions to fill the market's gap. Non-banks, subject to fair lending protections, are not however included in the Community Reinvestment Act. Many of the financial abuses that led to the housing crisis began with unregulated and non-bank lenders.
Many lenders will argue that the retreat from FHA was caused by actions taken by the Department of Housing and Urban Development and the Department of Justice under the False Claims Act. This federal law allows the government to hold companies accountable for making “false claims” to the government about their products or services. Beyond being assessed damages for infractions, enforcement of the law can additionally include a company or representative being banned from future federal funds or contracts.
State attorneys general would counter this lender claim by pointing to the $25 billion national mortgage settlement reached with five of the nation's largest mortgage servicers as evidence that lenders engaged in egregious conduct in clear violation of the law.
The significance of major banks withdrawing from the mortgage market is further underscored by other findings shared in a related report by the National Fair Housing Alliance (NFHA):
• Since 1988, close to $1 billion in victim compensation has resulted from lawsuits alleging redlining and discrimination by mortgage lenders;
• Housing discrimination complaints grew from 2016 to 2017's 28,843 cases;
• Of 2017's discriminatory housing complaints, the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) processed less than five percent, or 1,311; and
• Among the 6,896 complaints processed by state and local Fair Housing Assistance Program Agencies, the Department of Justice brought only 41 cases.
“As the 2018 Trends Report shows, we must put an end to the many institutionalized barriers that prevent too many families in this country from fair access to housing,” said Lisa Rice, the NFHA President and CEO. “We cannot build a thriving society as long as our nation is plagued by discrimination, segregation, and severe economic inequality.”
CRL President Mike Calhoun said that in the year that marks a half century of the Fair Housing Act it is appropriate to acknowledge the journey traveled in five decades.
It's also the time to, “look ahead to the hundreds of miles yet to travel, before fair housing is a reality for all,” Calhoun said.
Charlene Crowell is the Center for Responsible Lending's Deputy Communications Director. She can be reached at Charlene.crowell@responsiblelending.org.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Vmware Inc:
* VMWARE ISSUES STATEMENT ON DELL TECHNOLOGIES SEC FILING
* VMWARE - “WE ARE NOT IN A POSITION TO SPECULATE ON OUTCOME OF DELL‘S EVALUATION OF POTENTIAL BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES” Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
TOKYO (Reuters) - Clumps of oil have washed up on the shores of southern Japan and there are fears they may be leaking from an Iranian crude tanker than sank in the world's worst such disaster in decades, the Japanese Coast Guard said on Friday.
Black clumps have reached the shores of the island of Amami-Oshima, a coast guard official told Reuters by phone. Authorities are checking to see if it is from the Sanchi tanker that sank in the East China Sea last month, after being alerted to its presence by the public.
The government had set up a special unit within Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's office to coordinate Japan's response to the latest development, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters.
“The government, while working closely with local authorities, is looking into how broad the range (of oil clumps washed ashore) is and what has caused it,” Suga said.“We are doing all we can, including dispatching a Coast Guard unit” to remove the oil, he said.
Amami-Oshima is part of a chain of islands that includes Okinawa, an area famous for pristine beaches and reef systems. The Iranian tanker sank nearly three weeks ago, raising worries about damage to the marine ecosystem.
The bodies of two sailors were recovered from the ship while a third body was pulled from the sea near the vessel. The remaining 29 crew of the ship are presumed dead.
Earlier the Chinese government said the sunken tanker had created two oil slicks. The ship, which was carrying 136,000 tonnes or almost 1 million barrels of condensate - an ultra-light, highly flammable crude oil - sank after several explosions weakened the hull.
Japan's environment ministry had said last month it saw little chance that the spill would reach Japanese shores.
Jaipur: Gujarat Fortunegiants beat Jaipur Pink Panthers 29-23 in the first inter-zone wildcard match of Pro Kabaddi League Season 5, here today.
It was a closely-fought encounter but Gujarat held their nerves as they inflicted an all out in the 39th minute to win the match.
Chandran Ranjit scored seven raid points for Gujarat Fortunegiants. Jaipur's strong point, their defence, fluffed their lines at crucial moments as they suffered another defeat.
Gujarat Fortunegiants are top of the table in Zone A with 72 points from 19 matches. Jaipur Pink Panthers are fifth with 45 points from 16 matches.
PanARMENIAN.Net - The Eurovision Song Contest has hit a major road bump, after 21 top level staff organising the event resigned, BBC News reports.
The Ukrainian Eurovision team say they were stripped of major responsibilities in December, when a new boss was appointed to the organising committee.
According to their resignation letter, they were "completely blocked" from making decisions about the show.
The EBU, which founded Eurovision, told Ukraine's public broadcaster to "stick to the timeline" despite the upheaval. It insisted the event would go ahead as planned in Kiev this May.
Among the team members who resigned were two executive producers of this year's show.
All the staff were appointed by the Ukraine Public Broadcaster (UA:PBC), which is organising the contest after Ukrainian singer Jamala won last year's event with the song 1944.
In an open letter published by Strana, the team said: "Hereby we, the Eurovision team, for whom this contest has become not only part of our work but also part of our life, officially inform that we are resigning and stopping work on preparations for the organisation of the contest."
They said preparations "stopped for almost two months" after the appointment of Eurovision co-ordinator Pavlo Hrytsak last year, adding, "the work of our team was completely blocked".
They also said a decision to increase the event's budget to 29m euro, up from 22m euro would deprive Ukraine's state broadcaster of millions in profit.
The EBU said it could not comment on the staffing matters raised in the letter, but thanked the team for their hard work.
In a statement, it added: "We have reiterated to UA:PBC the importance of a speedy and efficient implementation of plans already agreed, despite staff changes and that we stick to the timeline and milestones that have been established and approved by the Reference Group to ensure a successful Contest in May."
This year's Eurovision Song Contest final is due to take place in Kiev on 13 May.
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shares of Apple Inc (AAPL.O) dropped nearly 2 percent on Tuesday as investors worries intensified about soft demand for iPhones after a warning from a company that supplies components for smartphones.
FILE PHOTO - An Apple logo hangs above the entrance to the Apple Store on 5th Avenue in the Manhattan borough of New York City, July 21, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/File Photo
South Korean chipmaker SK Hynix Inc (000660.KS) said following its quarterly report that it expected smartphone demand to stagnate, echoing a similar warning last week from Apple supplier Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co Ltd (2330.TW).
Concerns ahead of Apple's quarterly report next Tuesday have shaved 9 percent from its stock price in the past five sessions, erasing $80 billion of its stock market value.
“The bar may not have been set low enough,” Wedbush senior trader Joel Kulina said of Wall Street's declining expectations for iPhone shipments. “There's still no visibility, and that's going to keep a lot of money on the sidelines.”
SK Hynix sells memory chips across the smartphone industry, as well as to companies making laptops, servers and other kinds of computers.
Also rattling Apple investors, European chipmaker AMS (AMS.S) on Monday warned of a downturn owing to weak orders from one of its main customers. AMS did not name the customer, but analysts estimate that Apple is responsible for half of the Austrian company's revenue.
GBH analyst Daniel Ives said in a client note on Tuesday he now expects Apple to ship 212 million iPhones in fiscal 2018, down from a previous estimate of 221 million.
Apple and investors had been betting that the high-end iPhone X, released last November, would rejuvenate iPhones sales in a global smartphone market that has become saturated in recent years.
“It's not a flop, but it's a mild disappointment relative to previous upgrade cycles,” said Canaccord Genuity analyst Michael Walkley.
Smartphones account for two thirds of Apple's revenue, about the same as three years ago, despite Chief Executive Tim Cook's attempts to expand further into markets like music and smartwatches.
When Apple reports next week, investors will look for details about how much of Apple's repatriated foreign cash it will give to investors through dividends and share buybacks.
Apple in January said it would make about $38 billion in tax payments to bring profits kept overseas back to the United States under new federal tax laws, suggesting it may repatriate around $245 billion.
Analysts on average expect Apple's March-quarter revenue to expand 15 percent to $61 billion, with adjusted earnings per share of $2.69, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Americans are watching more streaming video than ever — and they now pay an estimated $2 billion each month on subscription-video services like Netflix, Hulu and Amazon.
That's according to the Deloitte's 2018 Digital Media Trends Survey, which found found that 55% of U.S. households now subscribe to at least one video-streaming service (up from 10% in 2009).
The average streaming-video subscriber pays for three different services — amounting to $2.1 billion per month in revenue, according to the study. Deloitte calculated the figure based on the Census Bureau's estimate of 126 million U.S. households for 2017.
At the same time, Deloitte's survey found a drop in pay-TV subscriptions: 63% of U.S. households subscribe to a traditional cable, satellite or telco service, down from 74% in 2016. Pay TV's decline is especially pronounced among Gen Z (ages 14-20), millennials (ages 21-34) and Generation X (ages 35-51). Indeed, 22% of millennials say they have never subscribed to a pay-TV service.
The survey found, on average, that Americans watch 38 hours per week of video content, of which 39% is streamed and 61% is on live TV. For younger audiences, streaming is bulk of their video diet: Gen Zers watch 22 hours of streaming video weekly vs. 16 hours of TV, and Millennials watch 19 hours of streaming video vs. 15 hours of live TV.
Related Why Netflix Should Renew 'One Day at a Time' Petition Calls on Matt Smith to Donate Part of His Salary From 'The Crown' to Time's Up
Overall, about 48% of all U.S. consumers stream TV content at least weekly, versus 37% in 2016.
“Consumers now enjoy unparalleled freedom in selecting media and entertainment options and their expectations are at an all-time high,” said Kevin Westcott, vice chairman and U.S. media and entertainment leader for Deloitte. “The rapid growth of streaming services and high-quality original content has created a significant opportunity to monetize the on-demand environment in 2018.”
Deloitte also coined a new demographic designation: “MilleXZials,” a blending of Gen Z, millennial and Gen X. That's based on the survey's finding that the media behavior among the three cohorts has become more similar with respect to how they consume streaming video and pay TV.
Some media execs “hoped that as millennials got older, they would settle down and watch pay TV,” noted said Dr. Jeff Loucks, executive director of Deloitte's Center for Technology, Media and Telecommunications. But instead, Gen Xers are acting more like younger consumers in their adoption of streaming services, smartphones and binge-watching.
For example, 70% of Gen Z households had a streaming subscription, closely followed by millennials at 68% and Gen X at 64%. About 70% of Gen Z and millennials stream movies compared with 60% of Gen X viewers on a weekly basis. Some 96% “MilleXZials” multitask while watching TV.
Other findings from the Deloitte study:
Binge-Watching Continues to Grow: 75% of all consumers say they have binge-watched TV, and of those 34% engage in binge-viewing weekly. Among millennials, 86% say they binge watch (and of those 42% do so weekly), watching an average of seven episodes per sitting.
75% of all consumers say they have binge-watched TV, and of those 34% engage in binge-viewing weekly. Among millennials, 86% say they binge watch (and of those 42% do so weekly), watching an average of seven episodes per sitting. Pay-TV Unhappiness Remains High: 70% of pay-TV subscribers feel they get too little value for their money — squaring with other recent research showing price is the No. 1 factor in driving cord-cutting. About 56% of current pay-TV customers say they keep their subscription because it's bundled with their home broadband.
70% of pay-TV subscribers feel they get too little value for their money — squaring with other recent research showing price is the No. 1 factor in driving cord-cutting. About 56% of current pay-TV customers say they keep their subscription because it's bundled with their home broadband. Americans Want More Control Over Online Data: 69% of U.S. consumers said companies are not doing everything they can to protect their personal data, and 93% believe they should be able to delete their online data when they want.
It's the 12th annual edition of the Deloitte survey, formerly called the “Digital Democracy Survey.” The firm conducted an online survey of 2,088 consumers in November 2017 for the latest report.
2017 British Touring Car Championship race-winner Aiden Moffat will race in TCR UK in 2018 alongside his full-season campaign in BTCC.
The 21-year-old will join Scottish-based team DPE Motorsport for the inaugural TCR UK season and will race an Alfa Romeo Giulietta TCR.
Moffat will race in the series alongside racing in BTCC with Laser Tools Racing, as there will be no race clashes between the two touring car series.
Alongside Moffat at DPE Motorsport will be Derek Palmer Jr, son of team manager Derek Palmer Sr.
“Any petrolhead loves Alfa Romeos,” said Palmer Sr in the team's announcement, “and it fulfills a personal ambition of mine to run two of these fantastic cars with two brilliant
young drivers in the British arm of the world's top Touring Car series.”
Romeo Ferraris operations manager Michela Cerruti stated that they are happy to be working with an experienced team in TCR UK this season, and will support DPE Motorsport where possible.
“We are very happy to start a collaboration with Derek Palmer and his experienced team,” said Cerruti. “Since we made the first tests in the UK at the end of last year, we have found a lot of interest and passion towards the Alfa Romeo brand and our Italian product.
“Alongside the other programmes of the 2018 season with our Alfa Romeo Giulietta TCR, it is for sure an additional value for us to be in the TCR UK championship and we will support the team and the drivers as much as we can in order to achieve great results.”
Two-time Olympic gold medalist Claressa Shields has a last-minute replacement opponent for her eight-round super middleweight bout Friday night at the Masonic Temple in Detroit.
Shields, fighting near her hometown of Flint, Michigan, will face Sydney LeBlanc, who stepped in on three days' notice, promoter Dmitriy Salita announced Wednesday.
Claressa Shields will now face last-minute replacement Sydney LeBlanc after Shields' original opponent was dropped from their bout with a visa issue. Al Bello/Getty Images
The 22-year-old Shields (2-0, 1 KO) was due to face Mery Rancier (7-8-3, 5 KOs), 32, of the Dominican Republic. Rancier was coming off a 10-round decision loss to Germany's Nikki Adler on March 11 in a challenge for a vacant women's super middleweight world title.
However, LeBlanc (4-1-1), 33, of Gretna, Louisiana, was pressed into service when Rancier was dropped from the bout because of visa issues, according to Salita, who signed Shields to a promotional agreement earlier this week.
Editor's Picks Olympian Shields signs with Salita Promotions Two-time U.S. Olympic gold medalist Claressa Shields has signed with Salita Promotions, making official Monday the union they have been working on.
LeBlanc, though inactive, has been in training. She said she is excited about the opportunity to upset Shields.
"I've been pro boxing for [six years], since before the Olympics had a women's division, and I've taken a lot of time off because of a lack of available opponents," LeBlanc said. "These Olympians are reopening the gates for all female fighters. Everybody was on the shelf for years. This is the first time female boxing has been popular since the Ann Wolfe days, so I'm very appreciative of the opportunities they are bringing.
"I've never watched any of my opponents before a fight, but I know about Claressa Shields and I want to fight her. I'm looking at this fight as a good chance to see where I'm at skill-wise, and I'll be ready."
“Coco,” Pixar's colorful journey through the Land of the Dead, swept the 45th Annie Awards on Saturday, winning in every category in which it was nominated, picking up 11 trophies overall, including best animated feature.
“Coco” also won prizes for direction (Lee Unkrich and Adrian Molina), voice acting (Anthony Gonzalez), animated effects (Shaun Galinak, Dave Hale, Jason Johnston, Carl Kaphan and Keith Daniel Klohn), character animation (John Chun Chiu Lee), character design (Daniel Arriaga, Daniela Strijleva, Greg Dykstra, Alonso Martinez and Zaruhi Galstyan), music (Michael Giacchino, Kristin Anderson-Lopez, Robert Lopez, Germaine Franco and Adrian Molina), production design (Harley Jessup, Danielle Feinberg, Bryn Imagire, Nathaniel McLaughlin and Ernesto Nemesio), storyboarding (Dean Kelly), writing (Adrian Molina and Matthew Aldrich) and editorial (Steve Bloom, Lee Unkrich, Greg Snyder and Tim Fox).
Coming on the heels its Golden Globe win for animated feature, the Annies victory cements “Coco's” position as the frontrunner in the category for the Oscars.
Cartoon Saloon's “The Breadwinner” was named best animated feature — independent, and will go up against “Coco” for the Academy prize on March 4.
Lakers star Kobe Bryant and veteran animator Glen Keane's “Dear Basketball” won the Annie for short subject, giving it an edge as well on Oscar night in the animated short category.
“Revolting Rhymes,” Magic Light Pictures' adaptation of Roald Dahl's reimagining of classic fairy tales, picked up the prize for best animated special production. The short film will go up against “Dear Basketball” in the animated short category at the Oscars.
On the TV side, it was a big night for Cartoon Network's Adult Swim. “Rick and Morty” took home trophies for best general audience TV/broadcast production and writing (Ryan Ridley and Dan Guterman), while “Samurai Jack” garnered three awards: one for Craig Kellman's character design, one for Scott Wills for production design and one for Paul Douglas for editorial. Overall, Cartoon Network snagged six awards, including the best animated TV/broadcast production for children win for “We Bare Bears.”
Disney Television Animation's “Disney Mickey Mouse” picked up three awards, including direction (Dave Wasson, Eddie Trigueros and Alonso Ramirez-Ramos), storyboarding (Trigueros) and music (Christopher Willis). Disney Junior's “Octonauts” won the award for best TV/broadcast production for preschool children.
Long-time voice actor Tom Kenny won an award for his vocal work as the title character in Nickelodeon's “SpongeBob SquarePants.”
Other winners included Lyft's “June” for TV/broadcast commercial; student film “Poles Apart” by Polma Baeza; DreamWorks Animation Television's “Trollhunters” for character animation in a TV/broadcast production; “War of the Planet of the Apes” for character animation in a live-action production; and “Cuphead” for character animation in a video game.
In juried accolades, the Winsor McCay Award for career contributions to animation was given to British character animator James Baxter, “SpongeBob SquarePants” creator Stephen Hillenburg and Canadian animation duo Wendy Tilby and Amanda Forbis. The Ub Iwerks Award for technical advancement went to TVPaint for its 2D animation software. Studio MDHR Entertainment was awarded the Special Achievement Award for its 1930s-inspired game “Cuphead.” The June Foray Award for benevolent impact was given to animation historian Didier Ghez. And a certificate of merit awarded to David Nimitz, who was Foray's longtime caretaker.
The Annie Awards ceremony, held at Royce Hall on the campus of UCLA and live-streamed on the Annie Awards website, was dedicated to ASIFA-Hollywood's founding member June Foray, the legendary voice actor who passed away last year at the age of 99. “More than anyone else, June was responsible for founding the Annies 45 years ago. This will be the first year she is not going to be with us, so we will do our best to remember and celebrate June's creativity, generosity and unrelenting advocacy for the animation community,” said ASIFA-Hollywood Executive Director Frank Gladstone, ahead of the ceremony.
The Time's Up and #MeToo movements were also in evidence at the ceremony as the org Women in Animation urged members to wear white roses and Time's Up pins to the event.
Complete list of winners:
Public Inspection File
Click Here to access the online Public Inspection File
Viewers with disabilities can get assistance accessing this station's FCC Public Inspection File by contacting the station with the information listed below. Questions or concerns relating to the accessibility of the FCC's online public file system should be directed to the FCC at 888-225-5322, 888-835-5322 (TTY), or fccinfo@fcc.gov.
Public File Liaison:
publicfilesfwa@federatedmedia.com
260-447-5511
Islamabad
Mainly cold and dry weather is expected in most parts of the country on Tuesday. Foggy conditions are likely to prevail over plain areas of Punjab and upper Sindh during morning hours.
However; there is no possibility of rain with the water condition in dams reaching to the lowest level in 10 years.
Director General (DG) Met department Ghulam Rasool while talking to media said that the same weather conditions will prevail in January with no likelihood of rains.
“The water level in dams is at its lowest in the past 10 years. The weather effects of December are also seen in January. There will be rains in the country but will be limited to upper areas of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Gilgit-Baltistan and Northern mountainous areas of Punjab,” he said.—APP
Joelle Wright
joellewright72@gmail.com
The University Lab Cubs have been in a thorn in the sides of Brusly teams for as long as most can remember, but first year head coach Hoff Schooler isn't worried about what has happened in the past.
“We prepare each week the same regardless of opponent. Right now we are having to learn not to listen to the outside noise about how good an opponent is and just go prepare to play the best game we can play,” Schooler said. “Playing good opponents will make us better. This certainly is not a week to just throw away. In order to get to where we want to go, playing and beating good teams is necessary.”
Schooler is well-aware that the Cubs have won their district four out of the last five years, including a state championship.
But his focus is clear.
“We will prepare the same every week – focus on getting better and not the result on a scoreboard,” Schooler said.
Schooler said that Brusly's play upfront on both sides of the ball will be key Friday night.
“Defensively, it's important that we play physical upfront and get better with our hands coming off the ball,” Schooler said. “Our offensive line needs to work to create schemes for our skill guys to run through. We have gotten better with that and it needs to continue to improve.”
Although he has never personally coached against the Cubs, Coach Schooler says the team looks extremely familiar to others he has seen before.
“University Lab has done a good job of finding talented offensive and defensive lineman to put on the field. They remind me of a typical Evangel or John Curtis team upfront on both sides of the ball,” Schooler said. “It will not be about avoiding or defending one guy in particular, but rather each guy for us playing with great effort each play and winning as many individual battles as we can across the board from one play to the next.”
As usual, Schooler's attitude is “It's all about us, not about them.”
An aerial view of shipping containers stacked at the port of Singapore February 14, 2012.
SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore's non-oil domestic exports in July likely rose from a year earlier for a third straight month, supported by strength in electronics exports, a Reuters poll showed on Tuesday.
Non-oil domestic exports in July were expected to have increased 9.9 percent on an annual basis, according to the median forecast in the survey of 12 economists.
Exports increased 8.2 percent from a year earlier in June, and edged up by a revised 0.4 percent in May.
On a month-on-month and seasonally adjusted basis, non-oil domestic exports were seen shrinking 0.4 percent in July, the Reuters poll found, after falling 2.7 percent in June.
The trade data for July is due on Thursday, at 8:30 a.m. Singapore time. (0030 GMT)
Singapore and other Asian economies that are highly dependent on trade have gained a big boost this year from an improvement in global demand, particularly for electronics products and components such as semiconductors.
Singapore's trade-reliant economy grew faster than initially estimated in the second quarter, according to data released last week, with a rebound in services suggesting a broader and more balanced recovery after a stumble early in 2017.
0:41 Making of the All-Area Football Team Photo/Video Shoot Pause
2:35 Bradenton Herald All-Area Football Defense
2:08 Football defense Player of the Year Tyrone Collins discusses his season
1:33 Some 2016 Herald All-Area athletes talk about their favorite sports related gifts just in time for the holidays
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of his wife
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
× 5-year-old dies after being left in day care van for over 8 hours
WEST MEMPHIS, Ark. – Four Arkansas day care employees were fired Wednesday after the death of a 5-year-old who was left inside a van all day.
The staff did not follow company policies and procedures, Ascent Children's Health Services CEO Dan Sullivan said in a statement. Had they followed protocol “this tragedy would not have occurred,” he said.
“There are simply no words to express the overwhelming sadness we feel at the death of this child. We are heartbroken and our thoughts and prayers go out to the family. Ascent will continue to fully cooperate with the authorities and state agencies as they investigate this tragic incident,” Sullivan said.
The West Memphis, Arkansas, location has been closed since the Monday incident.
The boy's mother told CNN affiliate WMC the van picked him up around 6:30 a.m. He may have been asleep when the van arrived at the day care early Monday and never got off the van, West Memphis Police said.
The van remained in the parking lot all day. The day care's staff found him dead in his booster seat when they came to load children in the van to go home after 3 p.m., police said.
Police said the temperature in the day care parking lot was 91 degrees Monday afternoon when authorities responded to the incident.
Officials with the Arkansas Department of Human Services, which regulates day care centers in the state, are investigating, police said.
Ascent's CEO said he had spoken with the child's family to express his “deepest sympathy.” He said he has offered to assist with funeral expenses.
Kanye West
Kanye West is weeks away from dropping five new albums: a solo LP and a collaborative record with Kid Cudi in addition to releases from Nas, Pusha T, and Tenaya Taylor, all of which he produced himself. In anticipation, the hip-hop eccentric reactivated his Twitter account and has been posting missives pulled from his philosophy book, prototypes of his Yeezy sneakers, and tweets in which he expressed admiration for right-wing thinkers such Candace Owens and Dilbert creator Scott Adams. It's the latter that has caused a bit of awkwardness between Kanye's staunch, primarily left-leaning fans and commentators like Alex Jones, Bill O'Reilly, and Charlie Kirk, who have championed Kanye as a new-found ally in the Conservative movement. That awkwardness was compounded on Monday when Hot 97's Ebro relayed a conversation he had with Kanye over the weekend in which he apparently told Ebro that he “loves” Donald Trump. Kanye, of course, was photographed with Trump in the lobby of Trump Tower following his presidential victory in 2016.
Earlier today, Kanye once again rang up Ebro as he was broadcasting live on air. It was not to clarify his position, however; rather, Kanye repeatedly told Ebro, “I love you” (he did so seven times, in fact). When Ebro asked if they could talk about Kanye's new music, he responded, “We should meet up in person and then we can talk on the radio afterwards,” before adding, “I just wanted to call and say I love you.” Listen below.
Kanye's album cycle is less than a week old, and already we're reminded how damn hard it is to defend this guy.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk has bold plans for self-driving cars in 2017, and his company took a step towards that goal after it began rolling out a much-anticipated Autopilot update to owners of its newer vehicles.
Unlike older Teslas, vehicles built after October — known as hardware 2, “HW2” — were released initially without the full suite of Autopilot features, which provide advanced semi-autonomous driving for use on highway. That's because they shipped with different (new) software and hardware which, in the long run, will enable them to be fully self-driving. In the short term, though, this new update, announced by Musk on Twitter on New Year's Eve, will add a number of a number Autopilot features to the vehicles to get them near on par with older Tesla models.
But, there's a catch, and the update is only live an initial 1,000 cars. Most owners will need to wait for a wider rollout that Musk said is due within a week.
HW2 Autopilot software uploading to 1000 cars this eve. Will then hold to verify no field issues and upload to rest of fleet next week. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) December 31, 2016
Musk didn't go into details of the update, but Electrek reported that the release notes include Autopilot's Traffic Aware Cruise Control feature, Forward Collision Warning, and Autosteer, although the latter is only enabled at “low-speed.”
Owners of newer the Model S and Model X have had to wait a little, but there's huge upside to that since their vehicles come with all the sensors and computing power onboard needed to achieve full self-driving once the software is ready. That explains the delay of these Autopilot features too — it's actually different from the original Autopilot system, and takes advantage of the new on-board computer vision capabilities made possible by the upgraded sensor and computer hardware.
Musk has said that he believes Tesla will be in a position to field test full autonomy by the end of 2017. What we've seen of Tesla's tests have looked impressive so far, and the newer cars will sit near the front of the queue as that technology matures and becomes available to drivers on the road.
But it has been a challenging 2016 for Tesla. An owner died in an accident in May whilst using the Autopilot feature. The company said the “tragic loss” of Tesla owner Joshua D. Brown was down to “extremely rare circumstances.” Following the incident, Tesla split with self-driving tech partner Mobileye and the new imaging system in HW2 was developed by Tesla itself.
We did see the safety features offered by Autopilot make a positive difference in real-world conditions last year. A video of a Tesla owner in the Netherlands avoiding a seemingly-inevitable pile-up thanks to his Forward Collision Warning system went viral last week, while another recent clip showed a Model S P85D using instant acceleration to escape a likely crash.
Featured Image: Joe Raedle / Staff/Getty Images
A Moroccan woman has been arrested for trying to smuggle a 19-year-old migrant from Gabon across the border with Spain curled up inside a suitcase.
The Spanish Civil Guard arrested the woman in Ceuta, a Spanish enclave next to Morocco, on December 30.
It comes as around 1,100 sub-Saharan African migrants today tried to cross into Spain from Morocco via Ceuta by storming a border fence.
Dozens of migrants made it to the top of the 6 metre barbed wire fence in the early hours before being lifted down by cranes, footage from a local TV station showed.
Only two people were allowed into Ceuta to be taken to a hospital while the rest were returned to Morocco, the Spanish government also confirmed in a statement.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Deputy Prime Minister Vitaly Mutko on Friday urged the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to allow athletes whose doping bans were lifted in a court ruling to compete at this month's Pyeongchang Winter Games.
Twenty-eight Russian athletes had their Olympic doping bans overturned and results from the 2014 Sochi Winter Games reinstated after their appeals were upheld by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) on Thursday, a decision that has sparked concern at the IOC and the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA)
In an interview with Reuters, Mutko said that Russia wanted to send 15 of the 28 athletes to compete in South Korea.
“We are counting on the International Olympic Committee's reason and straight-thinking,” Mutko said. “We are counting on them to consider the request of our Olympic Committee and our 15 athletes and that they are allowed to compete at the Games.”
The athletes whose bans were overturned include cross-country skiers Alexander Legkov, who won gold in the 50 km freestyle and silver in the 4x10 km relay, and speed skater Olga Fatkulina, who won gold in the 500 m.
The IOC, which has allowed 169 Russians to compete in Pyeongchang as independents following a ban against the country, said that the exoneration of these athletes by CAS did not necessarily mean they would be invited to Pyeongchang.
The Russians who compete in Pyeongchang will not be allowed to wear their country's colours or symbols, and if they win a gold medal, the Olympic anthem will be played.
Russia has vehemently denied the alleged existence of a state-sponsored doping system in the country. The allegations led to the IOC to ban the country from the Olympics for what is says was “systematic manipulation” of the anti-doping system at the 2014 Sochi Games.
Mutko said Russian authorities had nothing to do with the anti-doping laboratory in Sochi, stressing that WADA should be held responsible for its activities.
Mutko stressed that the tampering of samples by Russian security officials would have been impossible.
“It's impossible, what some people want to imagine,” said Mutko, who was banned for life from the Olympics by the IOC. “There were cameras at every step.”
The CAS ruling that cleared the 28 athletes backed the belief that there was no state-sponsored doping cover-up scheme in the country, Mutko said.
”This is a small element (of proof) that there was no such (state-sponsored doping) system,“ he said. ”We would like to hope that this decision will be respected by the world.
”Everyone wanted one decision, and it wasn't the one (they wanted).
“If their in no trust in our justice system, in our law enforcement agencies, in our witnesses, then maybe there will be trust in the Court of Arbitration for Sport. We consider this to be a very important decision.”
ACKNOWLEDGING MCLAREN‘S FINDINGS
Russia, however, has found itself struggling to fulfil all the criteria to reinstate its suspended athletics federation, anti-doping agency RUSADA and Paralympic Committee.
International sports bodies such as the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) require Russian authorities to publicly accept the findings of the McLaren report on the alleged existence of widespread state-sponsored doping in order to have the country reinstated.
The 2016 WADA-commissioned report by Canadian lawyer Richard McLaren found that more than 1,000 Russian competitors in more than 30 sports were involved in a conspiracy to conceal positive drug tests over a period of five years.
Mutko said that Russia could not accept the report's findings, which he called “superficial and manipulated.”
“Speaking about WADA, they want us to acknowledge the McLaren report unconditionally. We cannot do that,” Mutko said. “CAS yesterday ruled to clear 28 athletes. This would betray them.”
Although Russia will not acknowledge the report's findings, Mutko said the country would continue to work with global sports bodies to combat doping in the country.
“We are open to dialogue and cooperation with WADA and the IOC,” he said. “We will continue supporting our athletes, to fight for clean sport. We are open. We are reliable partners in this. We never set a goal for ourselves of winning at all costs, as we are often portrayed.”
Mutko, who has appealed his lifetime ban from the Olympics, recently left his positions as the chairman of the World Cup organising committee and president of the Russian Football Union.
However, he still oversees the government's participation in the hosting of the 2018 World Cup finals in 12 venues spread across 11 cities, including Moscow, St Petersburg and Sochi, from June 14 to July 15.
Mutko assured that preparations were on track and that the authorities were working to curb racist and discriminatory incidents in Russian soccer while ensuring crowd safety.
Boxing/UFC News: Conor McGregor vs. Floyd Mayweather bout officially announced for 26th August 2017
After months of speculation, statements and rumours, the boxing match between Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather has been made official!
@desibrah by Dushyant Dubey News 15 Jun 2017, 12:20 IST
It is finally official!
What's the story?
The much-awaited Boxing match between undefeated boxer Floyd Mayweather and UFC Lightweight Champion Conor McGregor has been made official. The match will take place on 26th August 2017 in Las Vegas, Nevada, USA.
The official announcements on both Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather's Twitter accounts are as follows.
THE FIGHT IS ON. pic.twitter.com/KhW0u3jRft — Conor McGregor (@TheNotoriousMMA) June 14, 2017
The fight will be taking place in the T-Mobile Arena in Paradise, Nevada. No other details regarding the card of the fight night have been revealed yet.
In case you didn't know...
Conor McGregor is the current UFC Lightweight Champion and a former UFC Featherweight Champion. McGregor had won the Lightweight title by defeating Eddie Alvarez on November 12th, 2016 at UFC 205 and has since been on a hiatus from the company.
Floyd Mayweather is a 40-year-old professional Boxer who has been undefeated in his 20-year Professional Boxing career. He holds a record of 49 wins and no losses and has registered victories over several formidable opponents such as Manny Pacquiao, Canelo Alvarez, Marcos Maidana, Ricky Hatton, Oscar De La Hoya and Andre Berto.
After his victory over Andre Berto on 12th September 2015, Mayweather announced his retirement from Boxing. However, he will be returning to fight against Conor McGregor, now that the fight has been made official.
The heart of the matter
Conor McGregor had been pushing for the big money Boxing match between himself and Floyd Mayweather since before his UFC 205 fight against Eddie Alvarez. After the event, UFC President Dana White had also gotten involved in making the match happen.
In order to clear himself for the fight, McGregor had applied for a boxing license in the state of Nevada and had taken care of the fines issued towards him for a prior incident by the Nevada State Athletic Commission (NSAC).
Also read: Zlatan Ibrahimovic says that he will send both Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather straight to the hospital
After months of speculation, rumours and statements, the match has finally been cleared to happen by the NSAC and the date has been set for 26th August 2017.
The announcement was made on both Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather's official Twitter accounts, with McGregor using the picture of Mayweather's father Floyd Mayweather Sr. in his version of the announcement, as a dig at Mayweather's age.
The Boxing match will go on for 12 rounds and is being touted as potentially being one of the highest-grossing fights in the history of the sport.
What's next?
The match between Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor will be taking place at the 20,000-seater T-Mobile Arena on the Las Vegas Strip of Paradise, Nevada on Saturday, 26th August 2017 and will be available on Pay-Per-View.
The rest of the matches taking place on the card have not been announced yet.
Author's take
Mayweather vs. McGregor is going to be one of the most anticipated fights of all time. McGregor has not had a single professional boxing match in his life, whereas Mayweather is one of the greatest professional boxers to have ever lived.
However, McGregor has time and again shown his incredible striking skills and power during his time in the UFC and is certainly a formidable opponent for an ageing Mayweather to deal with.
If Mayweather wins, he will have the greatest undefeated Boxing record of all time at 50-0, if Conor McGregor wins, however, then there's no telling how much further the man will possibly go in his career. McGregor is still very young at 28 years old and has his whole life ahead of him.
Regardless of who wins and loses, however, this fight is definitely going to break all live attendance and Pay Per View records and will make both the fighters much, much richer. The countdown has begun!
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
Gov. Rick Snyder, right, House Speaker Tom Leonard, center, and Senate Majority Leader Arlan Meekhof, left, speak to reporters after announcing a budget and pension deal on Tuesday. (Photo: David Eggert / AP)
After years of mulling how to address the state's ailing school employee pension system, both chambers of the Legislature are expected to vote today on a plan that would tackle $29 billion in unfunded liabilities while offering teachers a better alternative. That's a win-win.
The legislation, if passed, could be on the governor's desk as early as Tuesday. The votes are reportedly nearly there. Republican senators, who have had several previous pension reform go-rounds, are ready to pass it, but some of the new House members are less sure and need to get up to speed about why the status quo isn't sustainable.
The Senate and House education committees approved the legislation Wednesday.
Earlier this week, legislative leaders forged a compromise with Gov. Rick Snyder, who had opposed the initial GOP bill. Snyder was concerned about the cost of transitioning new teachers out of the pension system and losing their help in covering current retirees.
And while that transition would entail upfront investment on the state's part, a system that is a major — and growing — drain on school budgets and taxpayers demands action.
The compromise legislation is about 90 percent of what GOP lawmakers were hoping for, while earning Snyder's support. The original bills would have closed the current Michigan Public School Employees Retirement System to all new hires, but the new version would allow some new teachers to choose a revamped hybrid pension.
“I think this hit on a good compromise,” says Gideon D'Assandro, press secretary for House Speaker Tom Leonard. “It protects taxpayers, addresses the long-term debt and is more generous for teachers.”
The legislation would enroll new public school employees into a more enticing, higher match 401(k)-style retirement account. Currently the majority of employees have chosen a hybrid plan, which is mostly a pension with a small defined contribution element. About 20 percent of teachers have opted for a 401(k) type plan the state started offering in 2012.
Employees would have a 75-day window to choose the new hybrid plan. That system would still provide lifetime benefits but it would require higher employee contributions, and those costs could go up if the plan accrues unfunded liabilities. In addition, the new plan would close off to new employees if it is less than 85 percent funded for two years in a row and the state doesn't make up the difference.
In keeping the pension system open to new hires, the Senate Fiscal Agency says the transition costs are much lower that previous projections. The agency estimates it would cost $24.1 million in the next fiscal year and $265.2 million over the first five years.
The legislation also includes some cost-saving measures that would eliminate the ability of employees to purchase service credits that apply to retirement benefits. It would also put in triggers for the new hybrid plan that would raise the retirement age of employees based on recurring mortality studies conducted by the Office of Retirement Services. As life expectancy rises, so should the retirement age.
Those are safeguards that were missing from the current system. And these reforms won't touch the pensions of current employees, so teachers in classrooms today don't need to worry about benefits being stripped.
Senate Education Committee Chair Phil Pavlov, R-St. Clair Township, has made pension reform his top priority and while he would have preferred fully closing the pension system to new hires, he thinks it still contains the majority of necessary fixes.
Republican leaders are smart to tackle this growing problem for the state, and lawmakers should do the right thing for taxpayers and teachers and approve these bills.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2sr9vy0
After claiming he'd rather slash his wrists than don another tux as the iconic James Bond, Daniel Craig is officially back and filming his 5th installment as everyone's favorite gentleman spy.
Craig was recently in Cardona, Spain working on the new film. While this may be his 5th time taking up the mantle as 007, it will be the 25th movie in the franchise. There's no word on what the title of the movie will be so for now it's just being called "Bond 25".
Craig said the only way he'd play Bond again, was if the paycheck was right. And apparently there's been several rumors as to what he's getting paid for this new installment, including numbers as high as $66 million.
We're definitely excited to see what this new and likely Craig's last movie as 007 will be!
-source via TMZ.com
The logo for HBO,Home Box Office, the American premium cable television network, owned by Time Warner, is pictured during the HBO presentation at the Cable portion of the Television Critics Association Summer press tour in Beverly Hills, California August 1, 2012.
REUTERS - Hackers have released more unaired episodes of popular HBO shows but the latest leak did not include anything on the hit series "Game of Thrones," the Associated Press reported on Sunday.
The hackers, who broke into HBO's computer network and have released stolen information for several weeks, provided more unaired episodes, including the popular show "Curb Your Enthusiasm, " which returns in October.
They also leaked episodes of "Insecure," "Ballers" and "The Deuce," according to the Associated Press.
Time Warner Inc's HBO said Sunday in an emailed statement that it was "not in communication with the hacker, and we're not going to comment every time a new piece of information is released."
"It has been widely reported that there was a cyber incident at HBO," it said. "The hacker may continue to drop bits and pieces of stolen information in an attempt to generate media attention. That's a game we're not going to participate in."
HBO acknowledged the hack earlier this summer. It said the thieves had been leaking stolen materials and asking for a multi-million-dollar ransom.
The hack came at a sensitive time for HBO parent Time Warner as it awaits regulatory approval to sell itself to AT&T Inc in a $85.4 billion deal announced in October.
CHICAGO (AP)  An autopsy has determined that a 19-year-old woman whose body was found inside a suburban Chicago hotel freezer died of hypothermia from exposure to cold conditions.
Kenneka Jenkins' body was found Sept. 10 in a walk-in freezer at the Crowne Plaza Chicago O'Hare Hotel in Rosemont. Jenkins had left her Chicago home to attend a party at the hotel. She was found about 24 hours after relatives contacted the hotel and police to report her missing.
Surveillance videos released by police days later show Jenkins, alone, wandering through a kitchen area near the freezer.
The Cook County medical examiner's office says toxicology tests found alcohol, caffeine and an epilepsy/migraine medication in Jenkins' system.
Advertisement
The medical examiner concluded her death was an accident.
ISLAMABAD, Jun 15 (APP): Maryam Nawaz Sharif, the daughter of
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif Thursday said that the prime minister's
appearance in person before the Joint Investigation Team, has set a
much required and welcome precedent for others to emulate.
“The day that creates history & sets a much required & welcome
precedent for others to emulate,” she tweeted with hashtag
#NawazSharifIsMyPride.
She also shared photographs showing the prime minister
accompanied by her, Finance Minister Ishaq Dar, Water and Power
Minister Khawaja Asif, Special Assistant to PM Irfan Siddiqui and
Senator Pervaiz Rasheed before he left for the Federal Judicial
Academy.
`Prime Minister leaves PM House for Judicial Academy. His
comrades see him off,” she captioned the images.
Roman Samborskyi/Shutterstock.com
Putting bills on automatic
Savings on autopilot, yes. Bills on autopilot, no.
While you'll never forget to pay if you set up automatic bill pay, you can forget to keep enough money in your account and get hit with overdraft fees or penalties for returned payments.
Paying bills automatically takes you out of the process, says CFP professional Ed Gjertsen, former chair of the Denver-based Financial Planning Association. And that means you're not noticing charges that don't belong. Worst of all, "it further desensitizes you to spending," he says.
Auto bill pay is especially dangerous with bills that are due sporadically, says Bruce McClary, vice president of public relations and external affairs for the National Foundation for Credit Counseling.
When unexpected money comes out of an account automatically, "it could be the tipping point, especially if somebody is living on the edge," he says.
McClary suggests setting up alerts reminding you to pay the bills instead of setting up automatic payments.
kurhan/Shutterstock.com
Having no emergency fund
From car repairs to a job loss, surprise expenses are a given. Having the money to cover them isn't. An emergency fund provides a crucial crutch when things go wrong.
You should save three months of living expenses if you're a two-income family, and six months if you're a one-income family, says Andy Byron, financial adviser and partner with HC Financial Advisors in Lafayette, California.
Can't swing that much? Even having a few hundred dollars in savings can give you a cushion to pay for repairs or groceries without having to reach for credit cards.
"Even if you can only afford to set aside a minimum amount, that … can really come in handy in an emergency," says Michelle Dosher, managing editor for the consumer education department of the Credit Union National Association, or CUNA, in Madison, Wisconsin.
And often, it is smaller things, like home and car repairs -- rather than job loss -- that send people over the financial edge, she says.
lipik/Shutterstock.com
Failing to budget
If you don't have a budget, it makes it harder to stave off financial disasters. A budget helps you decrease or prevent debt; it also helps you build savings in case of emergency.
A budget can protect you, but it also "gives you a road map to reach your financial goals," Dosher says.
In order to build a successful budget, first spend some time tracking your spending. "Understanding how much money you have coming in as well as going out is the first step to truly keeping a successful spending plan," she says.
You can improve your budgeting process -- and stick to your plan -- if you shop with a list.
"Even folks who have a pretty good grip on their spending habits" can get derailed when they don't prepare shopping lists, McClary says.
iStock.com
Spending more than you earn
Living beyond your means leads to nothing but trouble.
Symptoms include charging necessities, carrying balances, and -- as the condition progresses -- transferring balances. This is often followed by running up balances on those credit cards again.
If you have to reach for plastic to make it through the month, that's a huge red flag.
"If you continue, you're going to find yourself declaring bankruptcy" or borrowing more money, Byron says.
One solution: Put down the card and back away slowly. Instead, carry cash or a debit card linked to an account without overdraft protection.
It's "so easy to be a bad consumer of credit card debt," Byron says. When you carry "plastic in your wallet, it doesn't even feel like money."
Treat credit cards as a payment method, not found money. If you're low on funds, put the cards away.
Then look for ways to increase your income or cut those expenses, says Linda Sherry, director of national priorities for Consumer Action, a San Francisco-based consumer advocacy group.
Choices like a prepaid phone plan or using a streaming service instead of cable can save more than you realize, she says.
NotarYES/Shutterstock.com
Co-signing a loan
In a word: Don't.
What the person you're co-signing for won't tell you: This debt is yours now. All of it. Until it's paid.
Missed or late payments can be added to your credit report, which lowers your credit score. And when your score drops, your creditors can start increasing interest rates -- after proper notice -- and cutting credit lines.
Even if your friend or family member is responsible and makes every payment on time, the loan balance or card limit is included in your existing obligations when you apply for a loan. If your debt load is deemed too high, you'll be offered higher interest rates or denied credit, Dosher says.
When the loan is secured by an asset (like a car), if the asset is repossessed and doesn't cover the loan value, "the lender can come to you for the outstanding balance," she says.
If you've co-signed for a credit card, you may have to close the card (and see that the balance is paid) before your obligation is complete.
Alliance/Shutterstock.com
Paying late
It's a classic chicken-or-egg scenario.
If you have no money troubles but pay your bills late, your credit score will drop. That means current creditors can raise your rates or cut your credit lines, and future creditors can offer higher rates or deny you.
So even if financial problems didn't cause your late payments, those late payments could trigger financial problems, especially when late-payment fees kick in.
If you're having trouble stretching your money to make the bills, that's not good either.
It's a "really bad habit being careless about paying bills on time," says Dosher.
If you pay electronically, find out how long the system you're using takes to process payments, she says. Electronic doesn't mean instantaneous.
If you've never been late, some creditors will grant you a one-time pass. So find out what the creditor's policies are.
Tetra Images/Shutterstock.com
Ignoring your credit report
Other people will be viewing your credit report, whether you do or not.
Stop. Go get yours for free now at myBankrate.
Credit reports (and the scores that result from them) are commonly used to qualify you for credit cards and loans. And they're increasingly being used for non-credit situations, such as screenings for insurance policies, bank accounts and jobs.
Because credit histories play such a big part in your financial life, it pays to see what is on it and whether it's accurate, says Dosher.
A few things to check:
Is the information about your account correct (balances, limits, name and address)?
Are there accounts listed that aren't yours or that you didn't open? If so, that could be an indication of identity theft, says Dosher.
Are mistakes, such as late payments, charge-offs, collections, bankruptcies or foreclosures, removed on time (often after seven years)?
Are you running up balances? Even if you pay off bills monthly, it's smart to keep your balances under 30 percent of your maximum credit.
Artazum/Shutterstock.com
Using home equity as an ATM
It seems like smart financial planning: A home equity line of credit, or HELOC, operates like the ultimate credit account, letting you buy what you need at a low interest rate -- and you can even deduct the interest, says CFP professional Jill Gianola, author of "The Young Couple's Guide to Growing Rich Together."
But the road to debt disaster is paved with these seemingly "smart" moves, especially the ones that allow you to buy now and pay later.
Miss a payment with a credit card, and you risk a bad mark on your credit. Miss a payment on your HELOC, and "you're putting your house at risk," Gianola says.
And although rates are low now, they're variable, so they'll likely increase over the life of your loan, she says.
A less obvious problem: With a HELOC, you pay only interest for the first 10 years. During the next 10, you have to pay off the balance, which means those payments could double or triple, she says.
Worried about your HELOC? Consider doubling the payments to pay it off, says Gianola.
Gorb Andrii/Shutterstock.com
Not being adequately insured
If something happened and you had to replace your possessions, from the car you drive to the clothes you wear, could you do it?
What if the possession in question were your house? Because even if a disaster wiped out your home, chances are the balance on that mortgage would still be due. Could you cover it and afford a new place to live?
Nobody really knows how much insurance you "need." It's a fine balance. Too much and you're draining your budget. Too little and you're not protected.
You want to cover your main assets, including your health, so that a natural disaster or accident doesn't also become a personal financial disaster, says Consumer Action's Sherry.
That's "where being adequately insured can really save your bacon," she says.
Concentrate on three key areas: health, auto and property. Make sure your coverage is adequate to pay for catastrophic care in the case of accident or illness, and enough to rebuild your home and replace your car, she says.
And if you have significant assets, consider an umbrella policy that will give you liability protection across many areas of your life, including your home and auto, Sherry says.
Mangostar/Shutterstock.com
Not investing for retirement
It's the ultimate procrastination: saving little to no money for retirement.
"Whether you open an individual retirement account or a 401(k) through the company you work for, anybody who is in the situation of not having started a retirement plan should start saving now," Dosher says.
Especially for recent grads, "retirement seems so far away," she says. "But it's the magic of compounding interest that will help them over time."
One mistake many people make when they plan for retirement? Assuming they'll be spending less, says Byron. "Some people will spend more," he says.
Not only does the cost of living go up, but retirees with increased time on their hands often want to indulge hobbies and travel, Byron says.
Here's another way to earn extra for retirement without taking a second job: Take advantage of any matching fund your company offers, even if you contribute just enough to get the company match, says Dosher.
Getting that money early, when it has time to earn decades of interest, she says, "is huge."
For runners, there's nothing like pursuing a challenging and elusive Boston Marathon qualifying time. Running fast enough to earn an entrance into the most prestigious 26.2-mile race of all time is a goal many will never achieve.
So nothing is quite as offensive as finding out that others could have cheated to earn their spot in the famed race. Derek Murphy, 46-year-old a business analyst and suburban dad in Ohio, is working to keep runners around the country — and world — honest.
Depending on their age group, runners need to get a BQ — short for Boston qualifier — at a previous marathon. Those who run faster than the limit for their age earn entrance into Boston and can then register for the marathon (there are a small amount of charity bibs available, for which no qualifying time is required). Murphy and his network of race sleuths on blog Marathon Investigation identified 15 people who had gained entrance into Boston this year that had no place there, he said.
Eight of those runners cut the course in their qualifying race and seven who didn't run the previous race themselves but used a “bib mule,” or someone else who carried their bib and ran fast enough to qualify them. Murphy finds the cheaters by identifying people whose race splits are impossibly fast, have run the qualifying race much faster than any of their previous times, or missed crossing any of the electronic data checkpoints. (Along the race course, runners cross finish-line like pads to mark their splits at particular course milestones, like a 5k and the 13.1 halfway point.) These and other irregularities help Murphy scrutinize the results of runners who may not belong in Boston.
He posted a warning last week that if there were others who had cheated to earn their spot, they likely wouldn't be able to hide it from him.
“My advice to those that are planning to run Boston next week that didn't earn the honor – Don't do it,” Murphy wrote on his blog. “You didn't earn the right to wear that bib. There is a very good chance that you will be identified..if you haven't been already.”
Murphy, who started the blog in 2015, said he has run 10 marathons.
“I've never been close to qualifying for Boston, but I can appreciate how much hard work goes into that,” Murphy told the Boston Globe. “So, people taking shortcuts rubs me the wrong way.”
He also discourages runners from selling their bib, which is an illegal practice in many road races. Race directors prohibit allowing someone else to run as you because for safety reasons they need to know exactly who is on the course, and ensure that they have accurate emergency contact information for all participants in case something happens. If someone is running the race but is using the registration of someone else, race personnel can't accurately identify everyone.
Although he's not officially affiliated with Boston, Murphy's work helps the Boston Athletic Association, which puts on the marathon, identify cheaters it wouldn't otherwise have the time to find and disqualify.
“We'll have some people every year who'll behave in a way that they shouldn't,” Boston Athletic Association executive director Tom Grilk told the Boston Globe. “But from what we can tell, the number of people who misbehave is very, very small. There's an honesty rate that the Internal Revenue Service would love to see.”
MUMBAI (Reuters) - Indian state-run Punjab National Bank has launched a share sale to qualified institutions to raise at least 30 billion rupees ($466.2 million) with an upsize option for another 20 billion rupees, according a source and a deal term sheet.
FILE PHOTO: The logo of Punjab National Bank is seen outside of a branch of the bank in the City of London financial district in London September 4, 2017. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo
Punjab National Bank, the second-biggest state-run lender in the country, is looking to sell the shares at an indicative price of 168 rupees each, according to the source and the term sheet.
The stock closed at 172.95 rupees on Monday.
The total fund-raising of 50 billion rupees, including the upsize option, is aimed at boosting the bank's capital ratio.
India's state-run banks are raising funds as part of a recapitalisation plan in which New Delhi will inject 1.35 trillion rupees through recapitalisation bonds, while the lenders are required to raise on their own about 580 billion rupees.
Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Credit Suisse, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, Kotak Mahindra Capital, Morgan Stanley and PNB Investment Services are the banks managing the sale.
($1 = 64.3500 Indian rupees)
There is something about BMO Field and overtime in big games, which may help Toronto's youngest stadium dig deeper into the city's sporting consciousness. Toronto FC went to OT in the MLS Eastern Conference final, and to penalties in the MLS Cup. The Ottawa Redblacks won the Grey Cup over Calgary in extra time. Now the Leafs have an OT victory in the Centennial Classic plus bragging rights for the largest crowd (40,148) at a stadium built for soccer and renovated for football.
LEARNING CURVE
It's time for Auston Matthews and fellow rookie linemates Zach Hyman and Connor Brown to grow up. Leafs coach Mike Babcock signalled that by putting them on the ice in last minute — against Henrik Zetterberg's unit — with a one-goal lead. They didn't hold it, but might learn from it. “Why don't I put the veteran guys out? Because (the kids) have got to learn,” said the coach. “We had an opportunity (to do it) here in a big game.”
THROWBACK HOCKEY
What's an old-fashioned outdoor game without a little old-time hockey. Leaf Matt Martin and Steve Ott of the Wings dropped the gloves to start the third period. Soon after, a plodding one-goal game opened up with a seven-goal outburst and thrilling OT. Also, there was no protective netting at either end of the rink, because fans were so far back from the ice. High shots over each team's net went out of play, some all the way to the crowd — generating a cheer each time.
Almost 30 years after Eddie Murphy's star turn as Prince Akeem, the wheels are in motion for a sequel to Coming to America. According to a recent report in The Hollywood Reporter, Paramount Pictures has enlisted the writers for the original film, Barry Blaustein and David Sheffield, to pen the sequel. Kevin Misher (Carrie, Public Enemies) is attached as a producer.
(Read: Two Roles, One Star: A Brief History of Double Performances)
THR was unable to confirm Murphy's possible involvement in the new film at this time, although as The A.V. Club points out, the actor recently teased a follow-up on Twitter before deleting the account entirely. At the time, TMZ sources said the actor was currently in the “early writing stages of the project.” In short, the smoke and mirrors are there, but nothing is really known about Murphy's participation.
The John Landis-directed 1988 original film stars Murphy as Prince Akeem, who fled his African country to Queens, New York to avoid marrying his arranged bride and find an independent-minded woman in the United States. Arsenio Hall also starred in the comedy as the prince's best friend Semmi, while James Earl Jones played Akeem's father, King Jaffe.
Murphy's latest film was 2016's dreadful Mr. Church. Last year, rumors also surfaced about his involvement with two other sequels: Beverly Hills Cop 4 and Triplets, the follow-up to Twins.
Blaustein and Sheffield's last major credit together was the 2005 Honeymooners reboot.
In the years before (and even some years after) the Game Boy revolutionized the portable gaming market, self-contained, single-serving LCD games were the best electronic gaming-on-the-go many of us could hope for. The Internet Archive has now captured a handful of these proto-examples of portable gaming for play in the Web browser, via MAME-powered emulation.
The Archive's just-launched Handheld History Collection captures a menagerie, including Coleco's miniature LCD Ms. Pac-Man cabinet, late '90s virtual pet fad Tamagotchi, and Tiger Electronics' inexplicable MC Hammer game (No Nintendo Game & Watch titles for the time being, even though some are supported in MAME). The in-browser versions come complete with all the limited, "burned-in" animation and chirpy, beep-based sound effects gamers of a certain age will remember from many a long car trip.
As the Internet Archive's Jason Scott notes in a detailed announcement post, getting these kinds of games into the increasingly poorly named Multi Arcade Machine Emulator (MAME) is not a simple process. "To get the information off an LCD game, it has to be pulled apart and all its components scanned, vectorized, and traced to then make them into a software version of themselves," Scott writes.
That includes capturing the drawn backgrounds and the pre-etched LCD layer, which uses non-overlapping notches that toggle on and off to create every possible animation and situation possible in the game. A look at some examples of how these LCD scenes look when every notch is turned on shows just how much artistry and care went in to maximizing the usefulness of the extremely limited hardware.
That painstaking volunteer work has led to MAME supporting more than 200 LCD handhelds so far, more of which will be added to the Internet Archive as they are checked for bugs. But as Scott notes on Twitter, even when the emulated gameplay is "perfect," replicating these kinds of handhelds on modern hardware often loses a big part of that classic feel. "There are some [LCD portables] which have very little resemblance to the originals because the originals REALLY need the case," he writes.
Not to worry, in a few decades we'll have augmented reality glasses and shape-morphing smart materials that can capture the look and feel of that one cheap game you played a few times when you were nine years old in a convenient pocket-sized blob. Get on it, Silicon Valley venture capitalists!
OTTAWA—The European Union parliament approved a trade deal with Canada on Wednesday after three hours of debate and years of negotiations.
The Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement between Canada and the European Union, also known as CETA, was adopted by a vote of 408-254 with 33 abstentions.
Here are some facts about the deal:
Canada is the EU's 12th most important trading partner. The EU is Canada's second-largest trading partner after the U.S. and accounts for nearly 10 per cent of its external trade.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and high-ranking North Korean official Kim Yong Chol enter a second day of meetings in New York on Thursday as they try to settle nuclear weapons disagreements and set the stage for an historic summit between their two leaders.
The two men left a 90-minute private dinner at a New York apartment on Wednesday night without providing details about their conversation. Another round of talks was scheduled for Thursday, with Pompeo expected to leave New York that afternoon.
The United States has been demanding that North Korea abandon its nuclear weapons program amid reports that it is close to being able to launch a nuclear-tipped missile capable of reaching the United States.
Pyongyang has long argued that it needed nuclear weapons for its security.
There were reports earlier on Wednesday that South Korean officials were noting “quite significant” differences between the United States and North Korea over denuclearisation.
The New York meetings follow high-level conversations Pompeo held in North Korea in April and earlier in May and are intended to get negotiations between the two long-time adversaries back on track.
U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un had been scheduled to hold an unprecedented summit in Singapore on June 12. Disputes between Washington and Pyongyang led Trump to cancel the meeting, only to see a renewal of diplomatic efforts in recent days.
North Korean envoy Kim Yong Chol (R), departs from a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo in New York, U.S., May 30, 2018. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Kim Yong Chol, a close aide of Kim Jong-un and vice chairman of the ruling Workers' Party's Central Committee, is the most senior North Korean official to meet top U.S. officials for talks in the United States in nearly two decades.
In return for giving up its nuclear weapons, Washington could potentially loosen sanctions on Pyongyang, leading to possible food and other aid to impoverished North Korea and improved ties with South Korea.
A senior State Department official briefed reporters separately as Pompeo and Kim Yong Chol met late on Wednesday. The official, who asked not to be identified, said North Korea is “going to have to make clear what they are willing to do” in response to Washington's demands.
Trump, the official said, “can make a fly or no-fly decision anytime he wants,” referring to the possible Singapore summit.
If not enough progress is made to lead to a productive meeting between Trump and Kim Jong-un, the official said, “we will ramp up the pressure on them and we'll be ready for the day that hopefully they are ready.”
Slideshow (6 Images)
The two Koreas have technically been at war for decades, even though the Korean War's military combat ended in 1953, because a peace agreement was never signed.
One Night, the last-minute booking app for boutique hotels, is expanding internationally — starting today with London.
One Night was created by Standard International, which is the parent company of Standard Hotels. Originally the company launched an app called One Night Standard, which was a way to get great deals on same-day bookings (starting at 3pm) at Standard properties. But after seeing demand from other boutique hotels looking for a similar offering, the company launched One Night, which now offers rooms at properties in 10 U.S. cities plus London.
While the general premise is similar to incumbent Hotel Tonight, One Night puts a greater emphasis on making sure only highly curated trendy hotels make the cut. For example, in London One Night will have rooms available at The Ned, Soho House's brand-new trendy standalone hotel.
While The Standard's presence in London makes it a logical first step in terms of international expansion, Amar Lalvani, CEO of Standard International, explained that the team is already “looking towards other key markets throughout Europe.”
The app also has some cool features like hour-by-hour city guides that suggest activities near your hotel that you can be doing each hour. Features like this will be especially helpful as the app continues to expand internationally, as U.S. travelers spending time abroad are always looking for better activity and restaurant-suggestion apps.
One Night has seen strong growth since it launched in just NY and LA a little over a year ago. Since June, average daily bookings grew 331 percent, and active users as a percentage of total downloads (i.e. how many downloaders are actually using the app) grew to 48 percent, which is nearly double what it was last year.
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge Pause
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of his wife
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of his wife
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
0:58 Little Rebekah is Manatee's first baby of 2017
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
2:22 All-Area Boys Swimmer of the Year T.C. Smith discusses the honor
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
This story appears in ESPN The Magazine's August 21 Fighting Issue. Subscribe today!
It's the best boxer of his generation, Floyd Mayweather Jr. (49-0, 26 KOs), against a mixed-martial artist with no professional boxing record whatsoever, Conor McGregor. Who will emerge on top in the spectacle of the year? ESPN's boxing and MMA experts, Dan Rafael and Brett Okamoto, agree: it's going to be a looooooong night for the brawler from Dublin.
DEFENSE
DAN RAFAEL: Floyd Mayweather epitomizes the art of boxing: to hit and not get hit. At the time of his 2015 retirement, Mayweather owned a boxing-best plus-24.5 plus/minus rating, per CompuBox. He landed 43.4 percent of his punches, while opponents landed only 18.9 percent. Advantage: Floyd
BRETT OKAMOTO: Conor McGregor's takedown defense is pretty good, but that won't help him here, will it? Frankly, striking defense is not what he's known for. According to FightMetric, McGregor has defended just 57 percent of strikes during his UFC career, worst of any current male champ. Advantage: Floyd
ENDURANCE
D: Mayweather has only 26 knockouts in 49 fights, so he goes 12 rounds as easily as the rest of us breathe. He's breezed through 12 rounds in his past seven fights and 12 of his past 14. Since his 17th fight, every bout but one has been set for the championship distance. Advantage: Floyd
B: One could easily argue McGregor is the most ferocious first-round fighter in MMA. He has finished about half of his pro bouts inside the opening round. As impressive as that is, it's a potential concern here. He has fought past the third round only once. Advantage: Floyd
Floyd Mayweather Jr.'s speedy reflexes have historically made it difficult for opponents to connect punches. Here, Canelo Alvarez throws a jab at Mayweather during their 2013 bout. AP Photo/Eric Jamison
DURABILITY
D: Only a few times has Mayweather even been shaken, notably against Shane Mosley and Marcos Maidana. Officially, he's been knocked down only once, when the referee blew a call in a 2001 fight against Carlos Hernandez. Advantage: Floyd
B: The Irishman has a beard on him, no doubt. Nate Diaz hit McGregor 166 times, and he didn't go down. The heavy-hitting Chad Mendes blasted him in 2015, but he wore it fine. He's not invincible, but he can take a punch. He's also the younger, bigger man in this matchup. Advantage: McGregor
SPEED
D: In his younger days, Mayweather was known as one of the fastest fighters in boxing with his hands and his feet. He's 40 now, but even in his final fight before retirement in 2015, Mayweather's speed and reflexes in throwing and avoiding punches remained elite. Advantage: Floyd
B: McGregor is a gifted athlete, but his speed is by deception. After the Jose Aldo knockout, he famously said "precision beats power, and timing beats speed." He doesn't have blazing hands and feet; he's fast because he lives in your head and already knows your next move. Advantage: Floyd
Punch power is the one area where both our experts give Conor McGregor the edge. Here, he strikes Eddie Alvarez during the UFC 205 event last year. Jeff Bottari/Zuffa LLC/Getty Images
POWER
D: If there's one area in which Mayweather is just a regular fighter, it's power. His KO rate is a middling 53 percent. He hasn't scored a KO since a controversial fourth-round stoppage of Victor Ortiz in 2011. But power has never been Mayweather's game and never will be. Advantage: McGregor
B: In March, McGregor posted an Instagram photo of his left hand. The caption: "This left hand made me millions." Yes, it did. More than 85 percent of his wins are by knockout. He won both of his UFC titles, plus a U.K.-based Cage Warriors championship, via knockout. Advantage: McGregor
EXPERIENCE
D: Mayweather has seen it all. As a gifted amateur, he won a bronze medal in the 1996 Olympics after being robbed in the semifinals. As a pro, he's faced almost every big name of his time and done so in the crucible of the sport's biggest stage. Advantage: Floyd
B: McGregor's fighting roots are in boxing, in Ireland's Crumlin Boxing Club. He's always had comfort in the pocket, which he credits to his amateur boxing. That said, he's agreed to rule vastly different from those in his own arena. He's also facing one of the best ever. Advantage: Floyd
AND THE WINNER IS....
D: Easy work for Mayweather, who'll see what McGregor has for a few rounds and then pick him apart. He'll get inside a tiring McGregor's wild shots and KO him in about Round 7.
B: Pressure on Mayweather to win big plus McGregor's willingness to take chances should equal a rare Mayweather stoppage. Mayweather KO in the 11th round.
Ohio State safety Malik Hooker is entering the NFL draft after one spectacular season as a starter in Columbus.
Hooker, a redshirt sophomore, who announced his decision Monday afternoon on Twitter, had seven interceptions on the season and led the FBS by returning three of them for touchdowns. He had an interception in the Buckeyes' 31-0 loss to Clemson in the College Football Playoff semifinal at the Playstation Fiesta Bowl.
Malik Hooker returns an interception for a touchdown against Michigan in November. Jamie Sabau/Getty Images
Hooker redshirted in 2014 and played as a backup in 2015 and nearly transferred out of Ohio State. But he broke out this year and earned numerous first-team All-America honors. He was also a Thorpe Award semifinalist and finished with 74 tackles and 5.5 tackles for loss.
"The past three years have been among the most trying yet most fulfilling years of my life," Hooker said in his announcement. "Even though my time here didn't start the way I planned, I have gained a love and appreciation for Columbus that is hard to put into words."
Hooker has been projected as a first-round pick on ESPN draft analyst Mel Kiper Jr.'s Big Board.
Diana Walsh Pasulka is a Professor of Religious Studies at the University of North Carolina, Wilmington, and Chair of the Department of Philosophy and Religion. Her research focuses on religion and technology, including supernatural belief and its connections to digital technologies and environments. She has consulted for movies and television, including The Conjuring (2013), and Conjuring II (2016), among others.
Professor Pasulka's forthcoming book (some of which I've had the privilege of reading), American Cosmic: UFOs, Religion, Technology, is due for publication through Oxford University Press early next year, and it promises to be one of the most fascinating and important ever written on the UFO topic (though its scope is considerably broader than flying saucers). Diana recently took some time out of her busy teaching schedule to answer a few of my questions about what she's discovered on her cosmic journey…
RG: Your much-anticipated book, American Cosmic, is due for publication early next year. What can readers expect?
DWP: The book really surprised me, and shifted my own expectations, so perhaps they can expect to be surprised. In fact, in the last paragraph of the last chapter I write, “I never expected it to end this way.” So, that should give an indication that it has an unexpected ending, since even I was surprised by it.
That said, readers should know that the book is like two books in one. I interview scientists and people who claim to directly work with the phenomena. I travel with them to places like the Vatican and an alleged UFO crash site in New Mexico. I also introduce my own research about how media technologies permeate our minds and bodies in a way that is imperceptible. Our memories, our bodies, and thus our cultures, are influenced and formed through our use of technologies, and media technologies in particular. Humans co-evolve with technology, and it is not just an instrument we use. At the same time, UFOs permeate culture and are perceived as advanced technology.
The book is both a story of my travels and work with scientists who believe in the phenomena and create technologies inspired by it, and an analysis of why we decide to call this phenomena extraterrestrial, or ultraterrestrials, or, UFOs.
RG: How did a Religious Studies professor end up in the weird world of UFOs?
DWP: Scholars of religion study communities of people who believe in non-human intelligence, in the form of angels, deities, “forces,” bodhisattvas, etc. Many of the people who have experiences of UFOs interpret their own experiences as spiritual or religious. It seems that the methods of this field lend themselves to the study of UFO culture.
Additionally, I have written and published about Catholic history. My last book was a book about the Catholic doctrine of Purgatory. During the research of that book I came across a lot of records, from archives and chronicles, of flames, orbs, or comets, basically aerial phenomena, and I really wondered about these. I started a list of these records. At the time, a friend suggested that these were “UFO-like” and, coincidentally, I happened to read Jeffrey Kripal's book, Authors of the Impossible, and I realized that these accounts did seem very similar. That is how I began to study modern experiencers.
RG: What are the parallels between classical religious experiences and modern UFO experiences?
DWP: There are similarities and many differences. Can we responsibly state that what the 16th Century nun St. Teresa of Avila experienced as a very odd, short, shining angel (depicted by the artist Bernini's statue in Rome) is similar to what many experiencers feel they experience today, in the form of grey beings or shining beings? I don't personally think we can make sweeping statements that they are equivalent, but we can carefully compare some historical cases with some modern cases and find interesting parallels.
For example, you can be sure that what people experience will get interpreted through various mediums like art, books, and in modern times, movies and documentaries, and that these often bear little resemblance to what the experiencer initially said or thought about the experience. Your own book, Robbie, Silver Screen Saucers, does an excellent job of revealing how Hollywood productions form and influence what we believe about the phenomena.
RG: What role does mass media—particularly entertainment media—play in shaping popular perceptions and expectations of UFO phenomena?
DWP: Following from the previous question, I believe that our work is similar in revealing that, with regard to the representation of the phenomena, and considering the declassified early government management of public perceptions of the phenomena, people who want to understand the phenomena as others have experienced it will do well to discount what is presented in most media, especially if it makes use of documentary-style techniques.
My work reveals how media is able to create “reality,” if you will, by using specific mechanisms that, in a sense, “trick” the mind into believing certain things. So, hoaxes, documentaries that make use of computer generated imagery, etc., can create belief that has far reaching cultural effects. The creation of films that use the research of cognitive scientists to insure that every scene lights up the pleasure points in our brains is just one case where the public consumes media that might have unintended effects. We watch movies that are obviously fictional and assume that we will, on all cognitive fronts, know that they are fiction. But, contemporary media technologies pervade our minds in ways that are not expected. They can form memories of events that never happened, for example. We don't bargain for effects like this when we watch movies, read books, play video games, etc.
RG: What position, if any, do you take on the UFO phenomenon itself? Do you consider UFOs to be physically real objects, psycho-social constructs, or something else entirely?
DWP: I don't have a position at the moment. Jacques Vallee has called UFOs windows, and I like this idea. Windows are things we can see through, from one room or reality into another, but they are also physical things, too. I have worked with scientists who believe in UFOs as physical objects, and I have been to alleged crash sites in New Mexico and have seen objects. Does that convince me that these are actually UFO artifacts? No. But, here is an object that baffles people who I respect—research scientists whose training is impeccable, so it makes me wonder, for sure.
Another way to think through the ontological status of the UFO is to understand that objects themselves are hard to pin down, actually. Philosophers have known this for a long time and are now conversing with scientists to ascertain the metaphysics of physical objects. I won't go into this here, but, on one level I feel that UFO sightings and belief are “alerts.” They alert us to pay attention to technology (because they are perceived as advanced technology) and to things we cannot understand. I think it is okay to be confused by them. Remember that the Athenian philosopher Socrates was called the smartest person in the world because he admitted that he said he didn't know anything. It is okay to not have a position.
RG: Would you consider yourself a skeptic in your approach to your subject?
DWP: In the field of religious studies scholars are generally trained to study religious phenomena, practices, beliefs, etc., without weighing-in on whether it exists “objectively” (there are exceptions, like in the subfield of the philosophy of religion, for example). This is how I undertook the research for American Cosmic. But, there is a problem with the assumption in the question of whether one is either a skeptic or a believer. John Keel, a fascinating researcher, stated that belief is the enemy, but he was still completely engaged in the study of the phenomena. I would not call him a skeptic, but he also identified belief as something one should avoid. Where does this leave us, then? It leaves us in an excellent position, as we are given the keys to study the phenomena without having to make hard conclusions about it, which will inevitably be found out to be wrong, in my opinion. We can say that, when absolute truth is a moving target, we need to be flexible with our theories.
RG: What one thing above all others has your American Cosmic experience taught you about yourself? Has your worldview changed at all?
DWP: The experience of writing American Cosmic has changed my life. I now view my life this way: pre-2012 and post-2012. Obviously 2012, wherein I began to study the topic of UFOs, was a game-changer for my worldview. As a scholar of religion, I was used to reports of mystical phenomena and people who believed they were in contact with non-human intelligence. My research was historical, in that I studied these things as events of the past. The UFO research brought me into contact with religion in formation, with experiencers as they experienced these events, and with media technologists who deliver these events to the public, and for me it has been an electrifying experience, kind of like watching the creation of a global belief system, from the experience to the representation of the experience. Like Carl Jung said in his one book about UFOs, “We have here a golden opportunity to witness how a legend is formed…”
Jung was right, but the word legend doesn't quite convey the immensity of these developments, although he also used the term “living myth.” My own description would be that it is more like an episode of the Twilight Zone within which one finds oneself, and from which one cannot escape, and probably does not even want to. That's what it's like. It's pretty cool.
To learn more about Professor Pasulka's work, visit her website and her Amazon page.
GAZA (Reuters) - The Israel-Gaza border fell quiet on Wednesday under a de facto ceasefire after the most intense flare-up of hostilities between Palestinian militants and Israel since a 2014 war.
A demonstrator with crutches runs for cover during a protest where Palestinians demand the right to return to their homeland, at the Israel-Gaza border in the southern Gaza Strip May 25, 2018. REUTERS/Ibraheem Abu Mustafa
Militants from Hamas, the dominant group in Gaza, and Islamic Jihad fired dozens of rockets and mortar bombs at southern Israel throughout Tuesday and overnight, to which Israel responded with tank and air strikes on more than 50 targets in the small, coastal enclave.
There were no reports of further attacks after Hamas announced early on Wednesday that it would cease fire if Israel did the same. Israel signalled it would halt its strikes if the rocket barrages stopped.
But even during the fighting, both sides appeared bent on avoiding wider conflict after weeks of violence along the fenced border.
Hamas did not launch long-range rockets at Israel's heartland, even as salvoes from Gaza interrupted daily life in small Israeli border communities. Israeli forces targeted encampments that appeared to have been vacated in anticipation of attack.
No deaths were reported by militant groups or by Israel, which said three of its soldiers were wounded by shrapnel from projectiles.
A Palestinian official said Egyptian mediation led to a ceasefire, and terms of the “understanding” did not go beyond “a restoration of calm by both sides”.
Hamas had largely abided by an Egyptian-brokered truce that ended the seven-week Gaza war four years ago.
In Israeli towns near the frontier, where rocket warning sirens sounded frequently on Tuesday, schools reopened on Wednesday morning. Gaza's streets were filled with shoppers.
Israel stopped short of declaring any formal ceasefire with Hamas and Islamic Jihad, which it, along with Western nations, regards as terrorist organisations, but said any resumption of Palestinian attacks would bring a stronger military response.
A female demonstrator runs for cover during a protest where Palestinians demand the right to return to their homeland, at the Israel-Gaza border in the southern Gaza Strip May 25, 2018. REUTERS/Ibraheem Abu Mustafa/Files
“I believe there is indirect agreement with Hamas to end the current round (of fighting),” Israeli Energy Minister Yuval Steinitz, a member of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's security cabinet, said on Israel Radio.
“It all depends on Hamas,” Israeli Intelligence Minister Israel Katz said in a separate interview with the radio.
Islamic Jihad spokesman Daoud Shehab, acknowledging a ceasefire was in effect, said its success would depend on “whether Israel will refrain from any military escalation against Gaza”.
BORDER PROTESTS
Both Hamas and the pro-Iran Islamic Jihad said they fired their salvoes in response to Israel's killing of at least 116 Palestinians since March 30 in Gaza border protests.
Islamic Jihad had vowed revenge in response to Israeli tank shelling that killed of three of its men on Sunday after explosives were planted along the Gaza frontier fence.
Violence along the border escalated in recent weeks. Israel drew international condemnation for its use of deadly force against mass demonstrations by Gaza Palestinians.
Palestinians are increasingly frustrated at their prospects for an independent state. Peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians have been moribund since April 2014 and Israeli settlements in occupied territories have expanded.
Slideshow (2 Images)
By late Tuesday, Israeli aircraft had hit 55 facilities belonging to militant groups in Gaza, including a cross-border tunnel under construction, in response to the Palestinian barrages, the military said.
Israel said some 70 rockets and mortars were fired from Gaza into its southern territory. Some were shot down by Israel's Iron Dome rocket interceptor system and others landed in empty lots and farmland. One exploded in the yard of a kindergarten before it was due to open.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wigan Athletic manager Paul Cook said he is expecting a tough test for his newly promoted side at Bristol Rovers tonight.
Wigan secured promotion back to the Championship with a 4-0 win over Fleetwood Town on Saturday, and victory at the Memorial Stadium will give his side a chance to secure the League One title at home on Saturday.
Talking about taking on Rovers to Wish FM at the Wigan Athletic Training Centre on Monday morning, the Latics boss said: "Bristol Rovers is always a tough place to go to and Darrell is a bright young manager who has had an outstanding time with his club so far.
"Darrell always puts an attacking team out because he's a very positive manager. He likes to have his two lads up front and Bristol Rovers always get after teams.
"We're under no illusions how tough it will be on the night, but if we can get the win then it gives us a great chance to win the league at home on Saturday.
"If we don't win then we get on with it, you know me, that's how I always approach things, but what a good day it would be at the DW Stadium on Saturday if we do win on Tuesday night.
"It would be such a good day to get a big crowd in on Saturday and celebrate in front of our own fans with everyone and their families. It would be great, but if not, we carry on."
"There will be one or two changes from Saturday. We can't keep going with the same team Saturday-Tuesday-Saturday-Tuesday as this time of year.
"Michael Jacobs was rested on Saturday with the intention of bringing him on at 60 minutes. It was good because we spoke to Michael and said we're okay in the game so you can have a full rest. Michael Jacobs comes back into the team against Bristol Rovers, that's the luxury that we have in our squad.
"On Saturday Gavin Massey, Gary Roberts and Max Power were excellent. Gary especially was superb.
"The reception David (Perkins) got when he came on was unbelievable and he got stuck in straight away. Perks is a massive member of this squad, he's a really popular guy in the dressing room and right through the club and supporters, and I'm sure we can get him onto the pitch in the last three games. Whether we can get him to that 100 appearances milestone is yet to be seen.
"Jamie Walker came on and looked lively and that shows how many options we have because we're a good club and have a good squad."
Super Bowl LLI has gone out of U.S. Bank Stadium and into the arts arena.
Boston's Museum of Fine Arts and the Philadelphia Museum of Art started an epic Twitter battle ahead of Game Day between the New England Patriots and the Philadelphia Eagles.
The museums weren't throwing footballs, but they were throwing shade.
The Museum of Fine Arts boasted that Mercy Otis Warren was predicting a Patriots win.
But the Philadelphia Museum of Art fired back that Ben Franklin was full of Philly pride and didn't want to go back to Boston.
Here are some of the best tweets from the #MuseumBowl.
If a woman saw this ad on a dating website, she would most likely pass:
“Born in 1944, I've been through a war, worked occasionally, but I am well-traveled, steady and true, and love to fly. I'm athletic, though a bit stout, and honestly, I'm a heavy drinker with lots of gas, plus I smoke a little. I have a few peculiarities, such as lots of plastic surgery over thin skin, and a new interior is planned. Parts of me have been rebuilt a couple of times, but I am looking forward to years ahead if I can find the right person to fund my habits.”
I did not pass. My first date with a Staggerwing was after winning a ride in one as first prize in a Ninety-Nines Poker Run at Fallbrook Community Airpark (L18) in San Diego.
I was fortunate to be able to fly as co-pilot several more times in NC582, including the Hayward Air Rally, where even last place was fun.
We parted ways in 2010 when owner Granger Haugh donated the plane to the National Warplane Museum. It was to be on display and fly in airshows, awaiting restoration funding.
And then there was a landing accident. The museum had no money for the extensive work necessary to fix the plane and several more years went by.
Granger and his family could not stand that the wreck remained in a forgotten hangar, so they bought the plane back from the museum, had it trucked to California, and began to rebuild.
That same Staggerwing has now boomeranged back into my life.
In 1932, the Staggerwing, known as Model 17, was the first product off the assembly line of the newly formed Beech Aircraft Company. It remained in production until 1949.
It is estimated that about 200 of the 785 that were built remain in the world today, though not all are flying.
Staggerwings were gradually replaced by the Beech V-tail Bonanza, which was first offered to the public in 1947. The newer looking mono-wing, with a horizontally opposed 6-cylinder, was much more fuel and oil efficient and flew nearly as fast. And even if it was only a four-place, it was successful for the company.
As a tribute to female pilots, it is necessary to mention that speed made the Staggerwing popular with air racers. Louise Thaden and Blanche Noyes won the 1936 Bendix trophy in a Model C17R Staggerwing, and Thaden went on to win the Harmon trophy, and others.
A women's speed and altitude records were achieved by Jackie Cochran in a Staggerwing.
After the decision was made to return NC582 to California for a complete rebuild, research began on the story of this particular plane, from assembly line to the present.
This Staggerwing served for Great Britain in World War II as FT478, flying out of Heston and Lee-on-Solent on various missions within the UK.
Upon returning to America, there were several owners from Alaska to Switzerland before it was purchased by Granger Haugh in 1994, and making its home in California.
The current restoration will return the plane to 1944 British Royal Navy standards, and it should be one of a kind in the world upon completion.
It is a privilege and aviation dream come true to be a small part of this story.
And the secret to falling in love? Fly it!
Knowing the qualities and characteristics will be an honor and I appreciate the chance to fly it again.
For now, I will continue my flirtation with the Staggerwing and will learn all I can about this historic and special aircraft before our next date.
But please don't tell my Cessna 180….
Our Special Correspondent
Pakistan Customs has recovered a huge quantity of highly sensitive dual-purpose chemical ‘Acetic Anhydride' used in the preparation of narcotics and making of highly explosive devices.
According to details, during the discreet monitoring of the import data, a suspicious consignment comprising of the container(IX20) said to contain item having a vague description of ‘Summer Fluid' shipped from Poland bearing the address of Peshawar based consignee was identified.
The Bill of Lading (BL) of the shipment also showed a non-existent PCT code and the address was very general. Owing to the suspicious declaration, the container was blocked on January 24, 2018, in the system of Customs R&D Section. Since no one turned up for clearance, physical examination of the consignment was carried out on January 31, in the presence of representatives of terminal operator and independent surveyors, which led to the recovery of huge quantity of dual-use precursor ‘Acetic Anhydride' 15,520 liters stuffed in more than 700 plastic cans worth $1.5 million.
Chief Collector (Appraisement-South), Karachi Abdul Rashid Sheikh along with other senior officials of customs inspected the suspicious consignment. The officials have drawn the samples from the plastic cans in the presence of senior Customs officials and tested with the help of ‘First Defender Kit' to verify the contents which confirmed that the detected item was ‘Acetic Anhydride.'
The Chief Collector also issued the instruction to apply modern information Technology tools for tracking container trail and latest forensic techniques to apprehend the culprits.
Acetic Anhydride is importable only by authorized industrial consumers and the impugned consignment has been imported in violation of the Import Policy Order-2016. Accordingly, the consignment has been seized under the law. The seized Acetic Anhydride is a highly sensitive dual-use chemical which is the main ingredient for preparing narcotics substances especially heroin and is also used in making highly explosive devices.
The seizure of huge quantity of Acetic Anhydride is unprecedented in Collectorate's history and it shows the commitment and resolve of the Pakistan Customs to safeguard society from pilferage of dangerous contrabands. The consignment had been slipped from Poland with the description of ‘Summer Fluid' which is used as the main ingredient for the manufacture of shampoos.
The MCC Port Qasim also lodged investigation into the case from all possible aspects to dig out details.
