IN their first book together, writers Emily Midorikawa and Emma Claire Sweeney resurrect four literary collaborations, which were sometimes illicit, scandalous and volatile; sometimes supportive, radicalor inspiring; but always, until now, tantalisingly consigned to the shadows. Drawing on letters and diaries – some of which have never been published before – and new
documents uncovered during the authors' research, the creative connections explored reveal Jane Austen's bond with a family servant, the amateur playwright Anne Sharp; how Charlotte Bronte was inspired by the daring feminist Mary Taylor; the transatlantic relationship between George Eliot and the author of Uncle Tom's Cabin, Harriet Beecher Stowe; and the underlying erotic charge that lit the friendship of Virginia Woolf and Katherine Mansfield – a pair too often dismissed as bitter foes.
A Secret Sisterhood uncovers the hidden literary friendships of the world's most respected female authors. Margaret Atwood said: “In digging up the forgotten friendships chronicled in A Secret Sisterhood, Emily Midorikawa and Emma Claire Sweeney have done much service to literary history.”
The authors will be speaking at The Hungerford Bookshop this evening (Thursday), at 7.30pm. Tickets are £6 and include a glass of wine and £5 off the book on the night. Call (01488) 683480 to reserve your space.
The link to Emma Claire Sweeney's blog is https://emmaclairesweeney.com/writing/a-secret-sisterhood/
A number of other matches on the men's side of the draw remain in the balance. Ninth-seeded John Isner is serving at 3-4 in the fifth set against Belgian qualifier Ruben Bemelmans.
After knocking out sixth-seeded Grigor Dimitrov, Stan Wawrinka is struggling to back up his first-round performance as he trails Italian qualifier Thomas Fabbiano by two sets.
___
7 p.m.
Play has been halted by rain at Wimbledon. It's the first rain break of this year's tournament after two days of sunshine.
___
6:50 p.m.
Jan-Lennard Struff will face Roger Federer in the third round at Wimbledon after a 6-7 (5), 3-6, 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 13-11 comeback victory over Ivo Karlovic.
Despite being on the receiving end of 61 aces from Karlovic, the 64th-ranked Struff prevailed in just short of four hours as he sent down 31 aces of his own.
The final point count was 206-205 in Struff's favour, with the German player's first break of serve coming in the last game of the match.
His reward is a meeting with defending champion Federer, who earlier defeated Lukas Lacko 6-4, 6-4, 6-1.
___
5:55 p.m.
Caroline Wozniacki has made another early exit from Wimbledon.
The Australian Open champion lost 6-4, 1-6, 7-5 to Ekaterina Makarova of Russia in a second-round match after being bothered by a swarm of flying insects in the second set.
Wozniacki has never been past the round of 16 at Wimbledon, and this is the fourth time in seven years she has lost in the first or second round.
The second-seeded Dane saved four match points at 5-3 in the final set before breaking back to level the match. But she was broken again in the last game.
Organizers used bug spray after Wozniacki complained to the chair umpire about the insects.
She is the fifth of the top eight women seeds to lose before the third round.
___
5:45 p.m.
Serena Williams continued her Wimbledon return by moving into the third round with an emphatic 6-1, 6-4 win over Viktoriya Tomova.
The seven-time champion lost just five of 32 points on her first serve as she took a little over an hour to triumph against her 135th-ranked opponent.
Williams was unable to defend her 2016 Wimbledon title last year because she was pregnant.
Despite her ranking having fallen to 181, Williams is seeded 25th this year.
The 36-year-old American next faces German Tatjana Maria or Kristina Mladenovic of France.
___
5:05 p.m.
Second-seeded Caroline Wozniacki is battling a difficult opponent and a swarm of flying bugs at Wimbledon.
The Australian Open champion complained to the chair umpire about the bugs that invaded No. 1 Court after she lost the first set 6-4 against Ekaterina Makarova of Russia. After shaking her head repeatedly on court to get the flying insects out of her hair, the Dane asked for bug spray to be used.
That seemed to do the trick — at least when it came to improving her own game. Wozniacki won the second set 6-1 to level the match.
___
4:25 p.m.
Gael Monfils overcame Paolo Lorenzi 3-6, 6-3, 7-6 (5), 7-6 (3) to set up a third-round meeting with 2017 Wimbledon semifinalist Sam Querrey.
After hitting just four winners in the opening set, the 44th-ranked Monfils improved to a total of 49 for the match and reached the third round at the England Club for the seventh time in his career.
The Frenchman has never been beyond that stage and to do so will have to defeat 11th-seeded Querrey.
Querrey earlier eased past Ukrainian Sergiy Stakhovsky 7-6 (4), 6-3, 6-3 to advance to the third round for a third successive year.
Last year Querrey defeated Andy Murray to reach his first Grand Slam semifinal, where he was defeated by Marin Cilic.
___
4:15 p.m.
Roger Federer won 35 straight points on his own serve en route to beating Lukas Lacko of Slovakia 6-4, 6-4, 6-1 in the second round of Wimbledon.
Federer didn't drop a point on his serve in the entire second set and kept that streak going until he was 30-0 up at 4-1 in the third, when Lacko sent a backhand winner down the line.
In total, the eight-time champion lost just nine of 61 points on his serve and broke Lacko five times, including with a forehand winner to close out the match.
___
3:45 p.m.
Kyle Edmund is facing some unexpected conflict as he prepares for his second-round match at Wimbledon.
And it's got everything to do with the World Cup.
Edmund is English. His coach, Fredrik Rosengren, is Swedish. Guess which two nations play each other in the World Cup quarterfinals in Russia on Saturday?
On Wednesday, a day after England and Sweden set up their match with victories, the 21st-seeded Edmund posted a photo to his Twitter account, showing him and Rosengren at practice — posing in a fighting position and each wearing his nation's soccer jersey.
"When your coach is a Swede and you tell him it's coming home. let's go England!" Edmund posted, referring to the slogan his country's fans have been using to suggest their team will win the World Cup.
If he beats Bradley Klahn of the U.S. on Thursday, Edmund will be hoping his third-round match on Saturday is scheduled at a time that doesn't conflict with a certain soccer match.
___
3:15 p.m.
Five-time Wimbledon champion Venus Williams once again dropped the opening set, and once again dominated the rest of the way to win.
The No. 9 seed, at 38 the oldest woman in the draw, came back to beat 141st-ranked qualifier Alexandra Dulgheru of Romania 4-6, 6-0, 6-1 to reach the third round at the England Club.
Williams got broken in the first game and did not recover in the opening set, in which she made 12 unforced errors, twice as many as Dulgheru. Nine of those were errant forehands.
But the American, the runner-up at Wimbledon a year ago, then won seven games in a row.
In the first round, Williams started by ceding a tiebreaker against 58th-ranked Johanna Larsson before taking 12 of the last 15 games.
___
3:05 p.m.
Lucas Pouille became the latest seeded player to exit the men's draw at Wimbledon after a 6-4, 6-2, 6-7 (8), 3-6, 6-2 defeat to Austrian qualifier Dennis Novak.
The 17th-seeded Pouille saved two match points in the third-set tiebreaker before eventually forcing a fifth set, but Novak regrouped to reach the third round of a Grand Slam for the first time.
The 171st-ranked Novak defeated Peter Polansky on Monday to record the first Grand Slam victory of his career.
Novak will next face 2016 Wimbledon runner-up Milos Raonic, who hit 34 aces in his 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) victory over John Millman.
___
2:40 p.m.
Karolina Pliskova advanced to the third round of Wimbledon for the first time with a 6-3, 6-3 victory over Victoria Azarenka.
Seventh-seeded Pliskova didn't face a break point as she cruised through a meeting of the two former No.1-ranked players on Centre Court.
It was the sixth time in seven main draw appearances at Wimbledon that 2016 U.S. Open runner-up Pliskova had advanced to the second round, but she had previously failed to go any further.
Two-time Australian Open champion Azarenka was vulnerable on her second serve throughout, winning just seven of 18 points on it.
Pliskova will next face 29th-seeded Mihaela Buzarnescu, after the Romanian defeated British wildcard Katie Swan 6-0, 6-3.
___
2:25 p.m.
Milos Raonic hit 34 aces to beat John Millman of Australia in straight sets and reach the third round at Wimbledon.
The 2016 runner-up won 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) in a match that only featured one break of serve for each player in the second set.
Raonic reached the third round for a sixth straight year, having lost to eventual champion Roger Federer in last year's quarterfinals.
___
1:45 p.m.
Wimbledon's commercial director has no issues with Roger Federer pulling off a marketing coup on Centre Court.
Federer drew headlines around the world when he walked onto the court wearing a Uniqlo outfit on Monday for his opening match after ending his decades-long partnership with Nike. It was the first time the eight-time Wimbledon champion had worn the brand publicly, but organizers said he didn't violate any of their strict rules in regards to using the tournament for marketing purposes.
"I guess it was like a huge reveal, wasn't it?" said Mick Desmond, the commercial and media director for the England Club. "That's absolutely fine. It's obviously a marketing coup for Roger. ... We set the stage, he's done a reveal."
Desmond said he was not aware of Federer's plans, though tournament staff check all players' kits before the tournament to make sure they don't violate any rules.
"Providing you're adhering to the specifications in terms of the all-white rule and the amount of measurement in terms of branding, then that's fine," Desmond said. "It would have been checked by the club in terms of a technical perspective. From a commercial perspective, that's his business."
___
1:05 p.m.
Mihaela Buzarnescu of Romania has become the first player to book a place in the third round of Wimbledon.
The 29th-seeded Buzarnescu beat Katie Swan of Britain 6-0, 6-3, clinching the match with a backhand winner on No. 3 Court. She was joined in the third round minutes later by 10th-seeded Madison Keys of the United States, who dispatched Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand 6-4, 6-3.
Buzarnescu is making her first appearance at the grass-court Grand Slam, having risen from 213th in the rankings a year ago to No. 28. Swan, ranked 204th, was given a wild-card entry to the tournament.
Keys reached the quarterfinals in 2015 but lost in the second round last year.
___
11:45 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 3 at Wimbledon, with former finalist Milos Raonic of Canada among the early starters as the second round begins at the England Club.
The 13th-seeded Raonic was playing John Millman of Australia as he bids to reach the third round for a sixth straight year. He lost the 2016 final to Andy Murray and reached the quarterfinals last year.
No. 10 Madison Keys of the United States was the highest-seeded woman in early action, playing Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams were both set to play on Centre Court later.
___
10:45 a.m.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round.
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as he continues his quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club. Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as she goes for a 16th straight match win at the tournament — having missed last year while pregnant.
Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki and last year's men's runner-up, Marin Cilic, are also back in action as they try to avoid more upsets at the tournament. Three of the top-10 seeded men lost in the first round, while former champions Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova also went out on Tuesday.
The forecast calls for more sunny skies, although there is a 30 per cent chance of rain showers in the afternoon.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
I am so ready for the holidays … that means time with family, gifts & Christmas music too.
We already loved Brett's voice but this Christmas song takes it to another level >>>> don't you agree!
Islamabad
The rebasing of inflation indices is likely to be completed by June 2018 as the Pakistan Bureau of Statistics (PBS) has already initiated the process to accomplish it as soon as possible.
So far, the base 2007-08 is being utilized for evaluating inflation including Consumer Price Index (CPI), Wholesale Price Index (WPI) and Sensitive Price Indicator (SPI), which has been getting obsolete due to arrival of many new products in the market that are utilized by the people.
The inflation base is being formulated on the basis of survey, Industrial Census and Census of Manufacturing Industries (CMI). “All these activities culminate in rebasing,” a top official said.
He said that CMI was already in field and under process adding that the field work is expected to be completed by June 2018 and hopefully the new base would be operational from the next fiscal year (2018-19).
The PBS has already sent the relevant forms across the country and has been involving in exercise with the help of provincial industries and labour departments.
It is pertinent to mention that, the country is still using base of 2007-08 to evaluate inflation. This base was scheduled to be changed in year 2015-16 and thereafter every ten years.
However the process was delayed due to the population census which has recently been concluded all across the county. “ Due to census, the process of rebasing was delayed,” the official added.
The PBS also aims to re-base the rural CPI because as questions were raised by economists and researchers that the CPI has an urban bias. For removing this bias they would be now releasing a rural CPI, an urban CPI and a total CPI.—APP
The head of the Foreign Policy Department of the Presidential Administration of Kyrgyzstan, Aizada Subakozhoeva, explained why Sooronbai Jeenbekov will make his first official visit to Uzbekistan .
In October, Kyrgyzstan and Uzbekistan established relations of strategic partnership, reached agreements on intensifying cooperation in all key areas.
«Over the past decade, many questions have accumulated between the two countries. Now there is a firm political will to solve problems on a mutually beneficial basis, taking into account mutual interests. Therefore, at the invitation of the President of Uzbekistan, our President intends to make a visit to compare notes for further actions, addressing urgent issues, defining specific plans and areas for cooperation. It is a question of using those directions that have not been used yet. The potential of bilateral cooperation of our countries is high. Our border regions intend to work along with the capitals. We have extensive plans. And during the visit, we intend to confirm the commitment to implement previously reached agreements, as well as outline plans for the future,» Aizada Subakozhoeva concluded.
For more information and a complete list of events, visit the city's newsletter at https://bit.ly/2KK3X8p.
Artful Recipes of Life
An eight-week expressive arts workshop series open to all patients, facilitated by Alessandra Colfi, PhD. Personalize and decorate a ‘Treasure Box' and create mixed-media cards as personal expressions by adding simple drawing, painting, writing, stamping, collage and decoupage with your pictures, found images, quotes and objects to help you express your thoughts. Registration required. Class takes place on Fridays from July 6 to Aug. 24, from 10 a.m. to noon at the UCSD Cancer Center, 1200 Garden View Road. For more information, email Alessandra@AlessandraColfi.com.
Tai Chi
Master Richard Hsu will guide the class through a session of exercises that will rejuvenate your body's internal energy, achieving better blood circulation and reducing mental stress on July 7 from 9:30 to 10:30 a.m. at the Encinitas Library, 540 Cornish Drive. For more information, visit https://bit.ly/2u0GCbi.
Half-price book sale
Thousands of books will be mostly priced from 25 cents to $1 at a book sale at the Encinitas Library Book Store, 540 Cornish Drive, on July 7 from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. CDs will be 25 cents. Most DVDs will be $1. Members of EFL get to shop early, from 9 to 10 a.m. For more information, visit https://bit.ly/2MMK4hd.
Healing arts class
For those recovering from brain injuries and/or neurological challenges, enjoy self-expression through art, increase skills and improve eye/hand coordination on July 7 at 11 a.m. and on July 10 at 4 p.m. at Scripps Hospital in the Brain Injury Treatment Room, 354 Santa Fe Drive. Enjoy the warmth and support of the facilitator, Denise McMurtrie. For more information, email schwarb.andrea@scrippshealth.org.
Families Make History: Uncle Sam Hat
Join artist and musician Cici Artemisia every weekend for arts, crafts and a sing-along. July features fireworks/flag inspired patriotic painting of paper bags to create an Uncle Sam hat. This fun make and take project will inspire creativity in you and your family. The event takes place every Saturday and Sunday in July from noon to 4 p.m. at the Heritage Ranch, 450 Quail Gardens Drive. For more information, visit www.sdheritage.org
Science-ing with the LXS: Animal Survival
Learn how adaptation, migration, hibernation metabolism, temperature, and survival are used by animals to survive on July 7 from 2 to 3 p.m. at the Encinitas Library, 540 Cornish Drive. For more information, visit https://bit.ly/2u0GCbi.
Performing Arts for Teens and Adults with Autism
Positive Action Community Theatre (PACT) teaches theatre, dance, and group singing workshops designed to teach social/communication skills to teens and young adults with autism every Saturday in July from 3 to 5:30 p.m. Volunteers are welcome. Pacthouse Players will perform Beyond Bullying in July. For more information, visit https://bit.ly/2z9UdTw.
Pet Faire
The Rancho Coastal Humane Society will be at the Heritage Ranch, 450 Quail Gardens Drive, with adoptable pets to make your life better on July 8 from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Not looking to adopt? Bring your furry family for a day of animal-related activities, contests and vendors plus food and fun for the entire family. For more information, visit https://bit.ly/2lPHFab.
Public Farm Tour
Get a behind-the-scenes glimpse of the production methods and the innovative technology used at the Coastal Roots Farm, 441 Saxony Road, as you enjoy a gentle walk through the ever-evolving, beautiful and diverse vegetable, herb and flower gardens on July 8 from 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. Please wear close-toed shoes and a sunhat. For more information, visit https://bit.ly/2u3ecgC.
La Paloma Theatre
Now showing: RGB, Mountain and Rocky Horror Picture Show. Tickets are $10. 471 Coast Highway 101. For tickets and show times, visit https://bit.ly/2MI1k7w.
Summer Concerts by the Sea: Betamaxx
With their authentic ‘80s live music experience, this 7-piece group delivers a non-stop, nostalgia-filled, rock concert that keeps you dancing from beginning to end. On the sand at beautiful Moonlight Beach, bring blankets or beach chairs. No dogs or alcohol. Info (Parks, Rec. & Cultural Arts Dept.)
Sunday, July 15, 3-5 p.m. Moonlight Beach, 400 B Street. Free. 760-633-2740 or visit bit.ly/2tZTazs
Workshop: Increase Your Financial Literacy Using Numbers to Tell a Story
Financial statements use numbers to tell the story of an organization - if you know how to read them. Learn how to pull a narrative out of your organization's financial reports and make sense of income statements and balance sheets. Wednesday, July 11, 9-10:30 a.m. The Hive at Leichtag Commons, Barn 2, 441 Saxony Road. Visit bit.ly/2tPG3Sa
Open Mic
Open Mic Night: The new open mic event features local singer songwriters in performance and is hosted by Semisi Ma'u from the band Fula Bula. Every Wednesday, 6-9 p.m. Tower 13, 2633 S. Coast Hwy 101. Free. www.fulabula.com
Summer Open Mic: Enjoy some musical fun this summer and share your hidden talent: sing, play an instrument, or be part of the audience. With musical theatre director Marcia Hootman on piano. Wednesdays, through Aug. 29, 6:30-8 p.m. Seaside Center, 1613 Lake Drive. Free. Email: revmarcia@yahoo.com
Second Wednesday Concert Series: Saxations
The Saxations are a San Diego-based all-girl saxophone quartet performing popular music, smooth jazz, jazz, funk. soul and blues. These four women bring to the stage a powerful and high energy show, delightfully entertaining. (Friends of the Cardiff Library). Wednesday, June 11, 7-8 p.m. Cardiff Library, 2081 Newcastle Avenue. Free. www.saxations.com/about2-cpag
Thursday Family Fun Night
Families are invited to pack up the kids and enjoy some outdoor fun. Live, kid-friendly entertainment is provided each Thursday night from 6-7 p.m. in our Ocean View/Blue Lot. This week, enjoy a performance by Twinkle and Friends.
Oracle has acquired Dutch developer support house Wercker to beef up its offerings for container management.
Wercker, based in Amsterdam in the Netherlands, specializes in Docker and Kubernetes management tools for developers to quickly create and manage containers to test code.
"Wercker's Docker-based platform has a strong, rapidly growing user base as companies, large and small, transition to container-based workloads," Wercker founder and CEO Micha Hernández van Leuffen wrote in a post announcing the move.
"Developers will now have access to a strong Docker-based portfolio as part of Oracle PaaS and IaaS."
For Oracle, the addition of Wercker will allow it to tie the management and automation features into its hosted Docker offerings on the Oracle Cloud IaaS and PaaS services, two products Oracle is betting big on for its long-term future.
This, Oracle hopes, will help make its Cloud services more popular with developers.
"Wercker greatly enhances the Oracle portfolio with a compelling Docker-based automation product and will accelerate the productivity of developers, across the entire spectrum, from the enterprise to the open source community," said Oracle VP of product development Mark Cavage.
Wercker, meanwhile, is pitching the move to its customers under the tried and true "access to resources" angle, arguing it will be able to improve its existing services (including a free community edition of the product), which he vowed will not be going anywhere in the near-term. Oracle also says it plans to continue to support GitHub and BitBucket account integration with Wercker.
"Joining forces with Oracle means we have aligned with a hyperscale cloud provider that will enable us to bring our vision of Docker-based developer lifecycle management to a broader range of customers and applications, while increasing the pace of innovation for our existing customers," said Hernández van Leuffen.
Terms of the deal were not disclosed. ®
Jerry Drake Varnell, of Sayre, Okla., was arrested Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017, in connection with a plot to detonate a vehicle bomb in an alley adjacent to BancFirst in downtown Oklahoma City. Authorities said Varnell is expected to be formally charged Monday, Aug, 14. (Photo: Oklahoma Department of Corrections / AP)
Oklahoma City — A 23-year-old man who was “out for blood” when attempted to detonate what he believed was an explosives-laden van outside an Oklahoma bank in a plot similar to the deadly 1995 bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building is expected to be formally charged Monday, authorities said.
During a meeting with undercover FBI agents in June, Jerry Drake Varnell of Sayre, Oklahoma, said he held “III% ideology” and wanted “to start the next revolution,” a reference to the “Three Percenters” patriot movement — begun in 2008, galvanized by President Barack Obama's election — and that has rallied against gun control efforts and pledges resistance to the federal government over the infringement of constitutional rights.
Federal officials arrested Varnell early Saturday in connection with a plot to detonate a vehicle bomb in an alley adjacent to BancFirst in downtown Oklahoma City. Varnell was scheduled to appear in federal court later Monday on a charge of attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce. Court records do not indicate whether Varnell is represented by an attorney.
A federal complaint filed on Sunday says a confidential informant told the FBI in December that Varnell wanted to blow up a building and “that Varnell was upset with the government and was seeking retaliation.”
Officials said Varnell initially wanted to blow up the Federal Reserve Building in Washington, D.C., with a device similar to one used in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building, killing 168 people and injuring hundreds more.
In a series of text messages with the FBI's informant, Varnell “claimed to have a bunker for when the world (or United States) collapsed” and indicated he was trying to build a team, the complaint states.
“I'm out for blood,” the complaint quotes Varnell's texts. “When militias start getting formed I'm going after government officials when I have a team.”
But an undercover FBI agent posed as someone who could help Varnell build a bomb and the device used was actually inert, authorities said. Varnell's actions were monitored closely for months as the plot developed.
“There was never a concern that our community's safety or security was at risk during this investigation,” said Kathryn Peterson, special agent in charge of the FBI in Oklahoma.
The undercover agent met face-to-face with him on June 1 to discuss obtaining materials for an ammonium nitrate and fuel oil bomb similar to the one used in the Oklahoma City bombing, the complaint states.
Varnell indicated at the meeting that he had previously made homemade explosives and that he “was of the same mind with people who wanted to use explosives and make a statement,” the complaint says.
“Something needs to be done,” Varnell said, but killing a lot of people was not a good idea, according to the complaint. During text conversations in July, Varnell stated he wanted to conduct the attack after closing hours to prevent casualties but conceded that some bank workers or custodians who were inside the building could be killed or injured in the blast, it says.
The complaint says Varnell helped assemble the device and load it into what he believed was a stolen van. Shortly after midnight on Saturday, Varnell drove the van by himself from a storage unit in El Reno, about 30 miles (48 kilometers) from the bank in Oklahoma City, and dialed a number on a cell telephone that he believed would trigger the explosion. The FBI and members of a Joint Terrorism Task Force arrested Varnell shortly before 1 a.m.
The complaint also states that Varnell prepared a statement to be posted on Facebook after the explosion which reads in part that the attack was “retaliation against the freedoms that have been taken away from the American people” and “an act done to show the government what the people think of its actions.”
Both of Oklahoma's Republican U.S. senators said the alleged plot could have rivaled the devastation caused by the Oklahoma City bombing 22 years ago.
“It is chilling to think that a sympathizer of Timothy McVeigh would want to act on hate, as a tribute to the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing, the deadliest terrorist attack on American soil before September 11,” said Sen. James Lankford.
Sen. Jim Inhofe said law enforcement authorities “successfully prevented a hateful act of domestic terrorism.”
If convicted, Varnell faces between five and 20 years in prison.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2uHNwRH
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
BLAKELY — Tonight started like any other night in December at the Peckville Christmas House.
The display at 1130 Marion St. audibly snapped to luminous life at 5 p.m. Within a half hour, dozens of people arrived to walk through the more than 1,300 brilliant blow molds and myriad other decorations.
Matt and Jeff Harhut, the masterminds behind the Yuletide spectacle, performed maintenance and talked to guests.
By 8 p.m., the Harhut brothers were watching footage of their elaborate decorations on ABC's The Great Christmas Light Fight. TV crews visited the homes more than a month ago. By 9 p.m., the family learned they'd lost the competition. At the end of the show, judge Taniya Nayak chose a display by the Phifer family of Henrico, Virginia.
The Harhuts won't let the loss get them down, though. A cake at tonight's watch party summed it up best: Winners either way.
The display's nationally televised appearance created a buzz among the people visiting the Peckville Christmas House earlier Monday night. Many said they planned to watch the show later in the evening.
Joe and Stacy Flesher of Scranton were among the first to arrive. The plan was to get there early and take in the display with their sons Joseph, 2, and Finnegan, 5 months, so they'd get home in enough time to check out the light fight on TV, Stacy Flesher said.
The couple first brought Joseph last year and plan on returning with the boys in the future. It's great to see the local attraction get the national exposure, Stacy Flesher said.
“I'd say it's going to become a tradition for the little ones,” she said.
Contact the writer: cover@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100 x5363; @ClaytonOver on Twitter
Follow Joel Add to circle
So you want a hot-rod station wagon, but it's 2017. Options range between "few" or "none."
Not anymore. The 2018 Dodge Durango SRT is here, and it's a hot-rod wagon with a lift kit that can also tow your race car—also known as the "gearhead trifecta."
With a long profile, huge interior, 475-horsepower naturally aspirated Hemi V-8 under the hood, the Durango SRT is a mean way to get little Timmy to soccer practice.
Here are 6 things you need to know about the most powerful Dodge Durango you can buy from the factory.
2018 Dodge Durango SRT Enlarge Photo 2018 Dodge Durango SRT Enlarge Photo 2018 Dodge Durango SRT Enlarge Photo
It looks mean
The Durango is already, as my wife puts it: "A blunt, aggressive, masculine looking machine." You're right, dear.
The SRT version amps those attributes with gaping intakes to suck in as much air as possible to cool things in the engine bay. Two air extraction vents on the hood to let hot air flow out of the engine bay, and large 3-inch exhaust tips poking out the rear of the bumper do little to hide this SUVs true intentions of breaching fire. Driving behind the Durango SRT on the road? If you are a proper following distance behind it you'll see the twin 2.75-inch mandrel-bent stainless steel exhaust pipes snaking their way back to the rear bumper.
ALSO SEE: 2018 Jeep Grand Cherokee Trackhawk first drive: the most expensive, violent Hellcat yet
2018 Dodge Durango SRT Enlarge Photo 2018 Dodge Durango SRT Enlarge Photo 2018 Dodge Durango SRT Enlarge Photo 2018 Dodge Durango SRT Enlarge Photo
Steamroller tires
The tires on the Durango SRT are wide. Really wide. How wide? They stick out past the lip for the front bumper, the front door rockers, rear door rockers, and rear bumper rockers. You read that right, the tires stick out from the rockers. Non-SRT Durangos sport 265/60 (V-6) or 265/50 (V-8) tires in various diameters, but the SRT wears 295/45s, which are 1.2 inches wider. In other words, the SRT's tires are 11.5 percent wider than some other Durango's tires. The three-season Pirelli P-Zeros my Durango SRT tester was wearing (which are the optional tires, Pirelli Scorpion Verde all-seasons are standard) were sticky, stable, and surprisingly quiet for run-flats.
2018 Dodge Durango SRT Enlarge Photo
Usable power
Under the hood of the Durango SRT is the familiar 6.4-liter Hemi V-8 producing 475 horsepower and 470 pound-feet of torque. There's no funny business with turbos or a supercharger, either. This big lug of an engine is naturally aspirated, and builds power progressively through the rev range. If flat torque curves are your thing you'll need to look elsewhere, but the power lurking beneath the hood of the Durango SRT is usable on the street. It's a brute off the line, but you can lug it around town all day long. It also shuts down half the cylinders under light loads turning that massive engine into a huge 3.2-liter 4-cylinder, which makes our day.
CHECK OUT: 2018 Land Rover Range Rover Sport SVR revealed with 575 horsepower
2018 Dodge Durango SRT Enlarge Photo
It's loud and proud
Those 475 horses breathe freely through that 2.75-inch mandrel-bent stainless steel exhaust system. Put another way: The Durango SRT is loud. Cold start is loud. Accelerating is loud. And idling, while not necessarily loud, it's not quiet.
To say the Durango SRT won't make a stealthy entrance is an understatement.
2018 Dodge Durango SRT Enlarge Photo
Fuel economy, lol
If getting all the mpg is your thing, the Durango SRT isn't. EPA fuel economy ratings ring in at 13 mpg city, 19 highways, 15 combined. None of those are exactly stellar, though not horrific given the power output. In my testing I averaged 15.5 mpg in mixed driving, saw it settled around 22 mpg when on the highway in 4-cylinder mode, and city driving would net just over 12 mpg. Of course, put your foot into it enough and you'll see far lower than any of those double-digit numbers.
Former Chargers safety Tre Boston is set to visit the Cardinals, according to ESPN's Josina Anderson. He visited the Colts earlier this month but didn't work out a deal.
Boston remains in limbo as to where he will play in 2018, but it is certain that he will not be returning to Los Angeles after the team selected Derwin James in the first round of the 2018 NFL draft. James will not only take his position, but he will wear his jersey number as well in No. 33.
Boston played a huge role for the Bolts in 2017 when he signed as a free agent. He took 1,039-of-1,047 snaps for L.A., which was the most snaps of anyone on the unit. Boston racked up a career-high in both tackles and interceptions with 56 tackles and five interceptions.
The former Tarheels DB was Pro Football Focus' No. 1 free safety in coverage, allowing just one reception every 193.7 coverage snaps. He ranked No. 9 in the NFL with an 87.8 coverage grade.
Boston has a previous connection with Arizona's coach Steve Wilks, as he played for him when he was the Panthers' defensive backs coach and defensive coordinator.
SOLAR FLAIR: Alex and Scott Armstrong have proposed to build Australia's largest solar farm at Lower Wonga.
SOLAR FLAIR: Alex and Scott Armstrong have proposed to build Australia's largest solar farm at Lower Wonga. Scott Kovacevic
AUSTRALIA'S proposed largest solar farm has caught the global eye, with "huge" interest from Australian and overseas investors in the Gympie region project.
CLICK HERE: This is a reason to be proud, Gympie
SolarQ managing director Scott Armstrong said yesterday the interest came as the group prepared to meet with impacted residents for consultation on the $2 billion project next week.
While some hurdles have yet to be cleared, Mr Armstrong and his brother Alex are optimistic final development approval for Stage 1 could be received by the start of the new financial year.
"All of the concurrent and advice agencies have 30 days to get back to us, and then we go into a public notification period of about 20 days," Alex Armstrong said.
The Departments of Agriculture and Fisheries, Infrastructure, Local Government and Planning, and Transport and Main Roads are the concurrent agencies the approval is before.
If approved, construction will provide a significant injection into the region's economy thanks to the site's location adjacent to the Lower Wonga substation, where construction camps will not be established.
"We can actually use people in the area," Scott Armstrong said.
"We don't have to fly people out to a project; we don't have to fly them back."
While fabrication and electrical companies will be in high demand from the development, non-trade jobs will also need to be filled.
Mr Armstrong said he was excited by the project, which had the potential to have a massive impact on the energy industry in the future and, once complete, was capable of replacing an entire gas-fired power station.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Have you ever felt like a complete fraud at work, even if you've done something wildly successful and you're boss thinks you're great?
If you have some impressive achievements under your belt but still feel like you got where you are by luck, rather than hard work or talent, then you're not alone.
'Impostor syndrome' is the feeling of being a bit of a fraud - and the fear of other people realising it - even when you deserve all the success you have.
The most high-achieving of people are vulnerable to the illness .
Meryl Streep, who holds the record for the most Academy Award nominations of any actor ever, once said: "You think, 'Why would anyone want to see me again in a movie? And I don't know how to act anyway, so why am I doing this?"'
(Image: Reuters)
Novelist, poet and civil rights activist Maya Angelou may have had impostor syndrome.
She famously said: "I have written 11 books but each time I think, 'Uh-oh, they're going to find out now. I've run a game on everybody, and they're going to find me out'."
Imposter syndrome is different to self-doubt, which everyone feels from time to time.
"Most people experience self-doubt when, say, starting a new job or opening a business or doing something new," says Valerie Young, author of The Secret Thoughts Of Successful Women.
"Self-doubt is certainly a part of impostor syndrome, but people who feel like impostors have a difficult time internalising their accomplishments.
"Instead, they attribute them to things like luck, timing or personality ('They only praised my painting because they like me')."
(Image: Getty)
As well as feeling unworthy of their achievements, people with a case of impostor syndrome often have unsustainable high self-expectations.
Valerie added: "They experience shame when they fail, which, depending on how they define competence, can mean anything from not knowing the answer to a question, struggling to master a subject or skill, having to ask for help, to some minor glitch in an otherwise stellar performance."
Billie Dee, a 27-year-old senior PR consultant, was plagued by feelings that she was a fraud after being denied a promotion at a previous job, when her boss stated that she wasn't "management material".
As it happened, she was poached for an even better job at another company - but the damage had been done.
"Despite achieving my absolute dream job, I was plagued by dread every day - I felt that I was there by mistake," she said.
"Every time I felt out of my depth, I'd remember what my old bosses had told me and I'd convince myself that maybe they were right."
Billie thinks the fact she is a woman and looks young for her age is also a factor.
(Image: Getty)
"People tend to assume I'm much more junior than I actually am", she said.
"I lost all my confidence in myself and my work and felt every meeting, every email was a charade," she recalls.
"I was in a constant state of anxiety at work. I felt that I was acting at being confident, pretending that I was someone important, when I wasn't. It was exhausting. Every day, I thought I was going to be fired. Even the good work I did, I had no pride in it and convinced myself my bosses were disappointed with it - even if they weren't."
It lasted around two years, during which time Billie even turned down the chance of another role.
"I had developed such a lack of faith in myself that I thought I'd let them down and humiliate myself," she added.
The feelings of inadequacy transgressed into her personal life too, which she says was a factor in the breakdown of her eight-year relationship.
Now, Billie believes she's overcome her imposter syndrome, and has even started her own business.
I still have days where I'm out of my depth and just thinking, 'What am I doing here', but after a few months of proving to myself that actually, I could do this all on my own, I managed to shake off the imposter syndrome. I don't have to fit into anyone else's ideals, which I think really helps."
(Image: E+)
Hilda Burke, psychotherapist, couples counsellor and life coach, says imposter syndrome traits can be ingrained from childhood: "Most of us inherit a script from our parents about what we'll amount to - whether explicit or implicit.
"Some may have been endowed with the belief that they won't be very successful, that they're destined to just scrape by. If someone in whom those beliefs have been instilled does go on to earn millions, they might still feel that their success doesn't quite fit."
It can also develop later, after people have reached what they thought was the ceiling of their capabilities.
"The ego holds limiting beliefs about oneself; when those beliefs are shattered when we surpass what we thought was possible for us, that's when the sense of being an imposter can creep in," added Hilda.
"It's important to remember that what we tell ourselves about who we are, what we are capable of, is just created in our heads."
"I have kind of just moved on from it. Me not getting in first time — and everybody else said at the same time, I should have been in — and even the second time, I have been in (contention) — I am very fortunate and blessed to have played the game as long as I did considering I thought I would never play beyond the college level."
Owens played for five teams in 15 pro seasons, having the most success with San Francisco and Dallas, losing a Super Bowl with Philadelphia. Each of his stints in those cities — he also was with Buffalo and Cincinnati — didn't end well.
"Early in my career when I was an adolescent and teenager, I had self-esteem issues," he explains. "I had to get out of that. You have to believe in yourself in order to progress in order to do anything in your life. No matter what, I am not going to look at the Hall of Fame as a platform to kind of validate what I did in my career."
Nor does Moss, who spent 14 NFL seasons with five clubs, having his best years with Minnesota and New England. He was the 1998 Offensive Rookie of the Year with the Vikings, and in 2007 helped the Patriots go undefeated until they fell to the Giants in the Super Bowl.
Like Owens, Moss also had some run-ins with teammates, opponents, coaches and executives. Whether that affects him as Owens believes it has impacted him for Hall of Fame consideration remains to be seen.
"Going through college and my first couple years in the league, I never looked at the Hall of Fame or at the (gold) jackets," Moss says. "I loved and enjoyed the game. As I retired, now on my fifth year and up as a finalist, now is the time I really looked at, 'Am I Hall of Fame worthy? Will I get the nod?'
"Through my playing career, the Hall of Fame was not in my equation. I just enjoyed coming to the stadium and being around my teammates and just competing."
Moss admits there might be some nerves Saturday.
"It's kind of like you going into court and being in front of a jury, the fate is in their hands," he says. "I don't have a vote.
"What I will do is being around close family and friends and just wait it out. ... I guess your overall final accomplishment for playing in the NFL is the gold jacket. Some nervousness will come in.
"I think I am worthy of getting in on the first ballot, but if not, you win some, you lose some. If the Hall of Fame is my final stop, I am definitely honoured to be part of it."
____
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Barry Wilner, The Associated Press
Staff Reporter
Islamabad
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa has completely rejected the proposal of OGRA to change the tariff without rationale, and asked for justification for various parameters.
In OGRA public hearing regarding revision of Natural Gas Regulated third party access rules, 2012. (CEO) of (KPOGCL) Raziuddin Razi intervened on behalf of KP Government and people of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
He stated that the authority (OGRA) always make decisions without prior approval and input should be taken from all stakeholders especially Provincial Government. He intended that current structure of OGRA has no representation of provinces thus flawed decisions.
Moreover; he intended that without consultation of provinces in proposed tariff regime provinces are sidelined which is not fruitions for all. The same situation might yield further serious reservations and inefficient gas use. Similarly, CEO argued that provinces should have proper representation in Working Group Third Party Access Rules draft 2017 and Tariff Regime.
The CEO stated that TPA (Third party Access) and tariff regime proposed while unbundling SNGPL offing CEO intended that proposed tariff regime calculations are ambiguous in totality and provinces need to be involved to make a fruitful summary to CCI.
"What he was able to accomplish in a three-year mandate was extraordinary," Horgan once said in an interview.
Horgan said he was working in Ottawa when Barrett was elected as a federal New Democrat in the late 1980s. Barrett ran to lead the federal NDP in 1989, but lost to Audrey McLaughlin.
"When he came to Ottawa it was like nobody had ever seen anything quite like him before," said Horgan. "He came to Ottawa with a B.C. swagger. He was so brash and so out there, and holding court."
But it was Barrett's political rivalry with the Bennett family, former premiers W.A.C. Bennett and Bill Bennett, that provided the ingredients for B.C.'s left-right, no-holds-barred politics, said Horgan.
Barrett dethroned the elder Bennett in the 1972 election, but lost to the younger Bennett in 1975, 1979 and 1983.
"In the day, from the late 1960s to the middle of the 1980s, there was a battle between not just two perspectives, but two powerful people that became iconic in B.C. history," said Horgan. "They shaped the B.C. battles, the politics the rest of the country looked at. It was the clash of these two giants that held sway over two political dynasties, the Socreds and the NDP."
Brian Smith, a former Social Credit attorney general, said Barrett and Bennett would stare each other down during long debates in the legislature.
"Barrett and Bennett personally disliked each other," said Smith. "It was palpable. Barrett would sit there and stare at Bennett and try and put the whammy on him."
But Smith said he saw Barrett's sense of justice and compassion in action in 2006 when the former premier testified as a character witness for a Victoria barber convicted of tax offences. Smith said Barrett's testimony convinced the judge to sentence the barber to house arrest rather than jail.
"I thought, Dave Barrett, you are a pretty neat guy. Even in your failing years you have time to help somebody," said Smith. "That was Dave Barrett at his best."
The B.C. Federation of Labour said Barrett's accomplishments include making it possible for government employees to unionize.
"He was a bold premier for a bold era. Barrett's government marked a political coming of age for our province," federation president Irene Lanzinger said in a statement. "His term as leader of B.C. certainly wasn't a long time, but it surely was a good time to make B.C. a better place for working people."
In 2010, B.C.'s Liberal government renamed the viewpoint in Cypress Provincial Park in North Vancouver as Barrett's View.
In Opposition in 1964, Barrett pressed the government to preserve forest land in Cypress Bowl from development and in 1975, as premier, Barrett established Cypress Park.
Barrett received the Order of Canada in 2005 and the Order of British Columbia in 2012.
By Dirk Meissner, The Canadian Press
×
Chuck Munro, left, and Brian Alexander of Spraying Systems, right, welcome Eric Vetters of ProCorr to their booth at NACE 2018 in Phoenix.
While Southwest Washington often prides itself upon being different from Portland, there's one area where it's time for us to follow our southern neighbor's lead: Building seismic safety.
What's happening in Portland?
Since the mid-1990s the city of Portland has adopted and enforced seismic upgrade requirements for its 1,600-plus unreinforced masonry (URM) buildings. These supplemental building code requirements were enacted in response to increased awareness of the region's seismicity coupled with an understanding that URM buildings, although often historic and rich in architectural significance, fare poorly in earthquakes. Under current city of Portland requirements, seismic upgrades of URM buildings are triggered in conjunction with planned building modifications, such as a change in use or occupancy, structural alteration or replacement of roofing. While these efforts have yielded improvement in the seismic safety of the city's building inventory, many of the city's URM buildings remain seismically vulnerable. Consequently, Portland is on the verge of adopting an updated policy.
What's new in Portland?
Portland's new policy would require seismic upgrades of URM buildings within a certain time period, such as 10 to 20 years, regardless of what projects may, or may not, be planned for a building. While the plan and its implementation are not yet finalized, the change is expected to yield significant improvements in the city's seismic safety. The new plan will be reviewed by the Portland City Council this month and a final vote will occur at a later date.
What about Southwest Washington?
Unlike Portland, despite nearly identical seismicity, the city of Vancouver, Clark County and other Southwest Washington jurisdictions have no comparable seismic upgrade triggers for URM buildings. Under current provisions, a seismically vulnerable building in Southwest Washington that would receive seismic upgrades, were it in Portland, would have no similar obligation for improving seismic safety. Southwest Washington and Portland currently stand on opposite sides of the same river, both literally and figuratively, with respect to building seismic safety.
Improved seismic safety is needed in Southwest Washington
The same large earthquake that strikes Portland will also affect Vancouver and the surrounding area. But while Portland's seismically upgraded URM buildings are expected to offer improved life safety, our URM buildings, most of which have received no seismic improvements, likely cannot. With no seismic upgrade policy in place, our earthquake losses may be greater and our post-earthquake recovery longer. As Southwest Washington grows and matures, it's time for us to proactively work to protect our historic building inventory and improve life safety during extreme seismic events.
Where to start?
Vancouver, with the greatest number of URM buildings, could adopt a seismic upgrade policy that is enforceable as a condition of procuring a building permit for URM buildings undergoing triggering projects. It's important, however, to recognize that what works in Portland is not likely to work here without modifications. Our seismic upgrade policy must account for our community's unique circumstances, economy, building inventory and political environment. Once Vancouver's policy is enacted, other Southwest Washington jurisdictions, including Clark County, could follow Vancouver's lead.
There are real issues, such as project financing, to be resolved before arriving at a successful policy. But as Portland and other west coast cities have demonstrated, these challenges can, and must, be resolved. It's time for Southwest Washington to join the party.
Not everyone is waiting
The development and implementation of an appropriate seismic upgrade policy will not happen overnight. In fact, the process could take several years. Meanwhile, the probability of a large earthquake grows, prompting some building owners to take matters into their own hands and not wait for local jurisdictions to act. Renovation projects that can be exploited to include voluntary seismic upgrade work, even if only partial upgrades, are being looked upon as valuable building investment opportunities by some local building owners.
One such building owner, a large religious organization with a strong presence in Southwest Washington, uses re-roof projects as a chance to implement a “roof only” seismic up. These partial seismic upgrades implement needed seismic upgrade work that must be done while the roof is temporarily removed. The remaining seismic upgrade work is deferred until another renovation project, such as an interior remodel, creates similar opportunities.
Another example of local seismic safety proactivity is occurring at the Providence Academy office building. This historic, multi-story URM building in downtown Vancouver is currently undergoing an extensive renovation, including replacement of the aged roof and exterior balconies. Recognizing that the project created an opportune time to undertake seismic upgrades, The Historic Trust, the building owner, elected to voluntarily enact the same seismic upgrades that would have been placed upon the project had the building been located in Portland.
Mike True, president and CEO of The Historic Trust, explained the decision to include seismic safety in the project: “We felt that it was the right thing to do as the steward of a very important historic asset. For a small project cost increase we've improved seismic safety for building users and occupants. The building's market appeal has been enhanced and we feel that we've acted responsibly as a member of community.” Regarding the absence of local seismic upgrade requirements, True stated: “Had our building been in Portland our project would have included seismic upgrade work anyways. It made sense to apply the same standard to the Academy building even though we are in Vancouver.”
Time to act
While a few local buildings are being upgraded, the large majority are not. It's time for Vancouver, Clark County and other Southwest Washington jurisdictions to join Portland by making building seismic safety a higher priority. Challenges to these goals exist, but we can raise the bar for our community by enacting an appropriate and reasonable seismic upgrade policy for Southwest Washington.
Brandon Erickson, PE, SE is principal of Erickson Structural Consulting Engineers PC, located in Vancouver. The firm's practice focuses upon structural assessment, rehabilitation and renovation of existing building structures. Erickson can be reached at brandon@ericksonstructural.com or (360) 571-5577.
Comments
comments
The following are volunteer opportunities in Waterloo Region. For more information, call the Volunteer Action Centre at 519-742-8610 or check the website at www.volunteerkw.ca.
• The Kitchener-Waterloo Symphony (KWS) Volunteer Committee is looking for volunteers to welcome and interact with attendees at the annual House and Garden Tour of Note on Saturday, June 16. This KWS fundraising event showcases six lovely homes and gardens, and volunteers will be positioned in an assigned room of one of the houses, providing information about features of that room. Volunteers need to be at least 18 years of age and will be given instruction by the house captain at the start of their shift. Morning or afternoon shifts are available, 9:45 a.m. to 4 p.m. For more information, contact Marnie Robertson at 519 884-5532 or mrobertson@golden.net.
• Youth summer volunteer opportunities at Kitchener Public Library: Students entering Grades 9 to 12 are invited to volunteer a few hours of their time to help us create exciting programs for children. You can help with programs, become a reading buddy or register kids for our online summer reading club. If you'd rather work with books, then become a shelf reader and help us organize our collections. In return, you will collect community service hours for high school, boost your resumé and have fun. Opportunities are available at all locations. Apply online at http://www.kpl.org/volunteer or contact Sherry at volunteer@kpl.org or 519-743-0271 ext. 275. Deadline: Saturday, May 26.
• Help school kids connect with nature through photography: Focus on Nature is a registered charity that delivers full-day workshops in schools, principally to Grade 4, 5 and 6 classes. We're looking for volunteer program assistants to be part of a team assisting the lead instructor to inspire the students to explore and appreciate the wonders of the natural world around them with simple point-and-shoot cameras, while also helping to develop confidence in their own creative abilities. You pick the workshop dates online that work for you. You don't have to be a photographer to be a volunteer but an interest in the arts and nature would be assets in mentoring the students. Training will be provided. For more information, please email Natalie Verschueren at natalie@focusonnature.ca.
Southgate: There is no magic wand to fix England
Gareth Southgate feels England need time in order to make the next step up and to be able to challenge the world's best.
by Omnisport News 15 Jun 2017, 12:37 IST
England manager Gareth Southgate
England boss Gareth Southgate has admitted they are not on par with the world's best just yet and has stressed there is no "magic wand" to help them make the next step.
The Three Lions have won just one of their last five fixtures - beating Lithuania 2-0, while drawing against Spain and Scotland, the remaining two games defeats at the hands of France and Germany.
Question marks have arisen over England's lack of progress, but Southgate feels it is only logical his young squad needs time to develop.
"That is the reality of where we are as a country. We have some young players coming through who have really good potential and can be exciting but there is no shortcut," Southgate said.
"I am afraid there is no magic wand but we are recognising where we are short, we are recognising where we can exploit teams. We have had some joy doing that but our game, in all areas, without the ball has to improve.
"The only way we can understand the gap is by playing these teams. If we had played lesser teams and won maybe we would all be getting excited and thinking we are better than we actually are.
"The reality is to find out exactly where we are against the very best. We have had two matches away and one at home and for long periods we have acquitted ourselves well.
"But we have a bit to do and I think it is important, as a group of players and a group of staff, we recognise that."
CLOSE Here are some of the top stories we're following for today. Wochit
Joel Deleon (Photo: DELAWARE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE/SUBMITTED)
A Selbyville man who pleaded guilty to raping two 9-year-old sisters for more than a year will spend 25 years in prison.
Joel Deleon, 36, was sentenced in Sussex County Superior Court last week for unlawful sexual contact and third-degree rape.
Deleon was accused of raping two girls who he was entrusted to supervise, according to an affidavit of probable cause in the case. The documents described him as a family friend to the girls.
STORY: Former Delaware Catholic priest charged in 25-year-old child rape case
The abuse was uncovered by a school resource officer who contacted authorities, the affidavit said. One of the children told police that Deleon had sex with her, groped her and forced her to fondle him, the affidavit states.
The other girl told police Deleon touched her inappropriately and kissed her as he promised her a cellphone, the affidavit states.
Based on the interviews, police said the abuse stretched from October 2014 through January 2016, the affidavit states.
Contact Xerxes Wilson at (302) 324-2787 or xwilson@delawareonline.com. Follow @Ber_Xerxes on Twitter.
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/2018/02/02/selbyville-man-sentenced-25-years-child-rape/301477002/
Indian IT Outsourcers Anxious Over Potential Changes To H1-B Visas
Enlarge this image toggle caption Manjunath Kiran/AFP/Getty Images Manjunath Kiran/AFP/Getty Images
With the Trump administration vowing to tighten rules for skilled workers entering the United States, India's software services companies are worried. Indian IT giants outsource tens of thousands of tech specialists to the United States each year, and limiting the visa program that brings them in could disrupt their multibillion-dollar industry.
Congress and the White House have targeted what is arguably the most coveted of U.S. visas: the H1-B. It's "a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer," explains Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell University immigration law professor.
Yale-Loehr says that with the economy picking up, the program is in particularly big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring highly skilled workers to the U.S. filed 236,000 petitions that went into a lottery for just 85,000 H1-B visas, the legal cap. The bulk of the winners: Indian computer specialists, many of them graduates of U.S. universities.
Yale-Loehr says that places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent, but that the United States doesn't.
"We have to shoehorn high-tech workers into categories like the H1-B, and it's getting more difficult every year," he says.
For many H1-B holders, the temporary work visa — issued for a maximum of six years— has been a stepping stone to obtaining a green card. That grants permanent residence in the U.S., and in turn provides a path to citizenship.
But newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H1-B program.
Indian software services firms last year earned 60 percent of their $108 billion in export revenues from the U.S. Their executives will travel to Washington this month to lobby against measures that take aim at one of India's most successful industries.
One bill proposes more than doubling the minimum wage of H1-B holders, which by law is set at $60,000. Critics argue the H1-B has been misused to displace American workers, and that there has been an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheaper.
Shailesh Chitnis, with the data mining and analysis company Compile, says that while the median salary for all H1-B holders is $71,000, most but not all Indian outsourcers pay below that. If they had to double salaries, Chitnis says, Indian IT companies would have to change their 20-year-old business model.
"Because these organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs — it would simply be too expensive," he says. "They'll have to look at some other alternatives."
But Shevendra Singh with India's National Association of Software Services Companies, or NASSCOM, refutes allegations that Indian companies are dislocating American workers or supplying low-paid labor. Singh says there is demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent because of a severe shortage of qualified Americans with degrees in science, technology, engineering and math.
Talent has become more important than investment or trade. ... Those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing.
"The crux of the issue is the STEM skill shortage in the U.S.," Singh says.
In its 2012 report, the U.S. president's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found that "fewer than 40-percent of students who enter college intending to major in a STEM field complete a STEM degree." The council concluded that in the next decade, economic forecasts point to a need to produce "approximately 1 million more college graduates in STEM fields than expected under current assumptions."
R. Chandrashekhar, president of NASSCOM, says that if the skills aren't available in the U.S. — and companies can't bring workers in — the jobs either won't get done or they will go out of the country and be done remotely.
"Talent has become more important than investment or trade," he says. "And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing."
Chandrashekhar notes that the intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley, and says protectionist impulses could weaken the United States, and what makes it unique.
"America is No. 1," Chandrashekhar says. "What has really helped them to rise, absolutely, to the top, is that they have attracted talent from across the world. ... It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through."
Immigration expert Yale-Loehr, co-author of a 21-volume treatise on immigration law, agrees that the United States faces a crisis in maintaining its innovative and competitive edge, and says it should be inviting more, not less, IT talent to its shores.
"In a globalized economy, the best and the brightest want to work in the best places — and if they're unable work in the United States, or it takes too long or is too difficult, they'll find a place in Canada or Europe or India where their talents can be appreciated," he says.
If implemented, Yale-Loehr says the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H1-B program but likely have no direct, immediate impact.
However, he says "it sends a strong signal that we no longer like foreign workers — we're all about only U.S. workers."
That, Yale-Loehr says, is eventually going to hurt the U.S.
Sophia Siddiqui
Islamabad
Prime Minister Mian Muhammad Nawaz Sharif appears before the Joint Investigation Team, probing offshore dealings of the prime minister's family, at the federal judicial academy today. A summons to the Prime Minister was issued on Saturday in which he was asked to come to the Federal Judicial Academy —headquarters of the JIT — at 11:00 am on Thursday, along with relative documents. According to the sources the legal experts have apprised the prime minister of appearances of his sons, Hassan and Hussain. The Prime minister has assured the JIT of his full cooperation pertaining to Panama case. His son, Hussain Nawaz has appeared five times before the JIT, while Hassan Nawaz has appeared twice. The JIT has also summoned Punjab Chief Minister to appear before the JIT for probe. The prime minister is a message has asked the party workers to stay away from the JIT secretariat. Special security arrangements have been put in place around the Federal Judicial Academy. A special traffic plan has also been issued in order to facilitate the movement of the people.
Bangladesh opener Tamim Iqbal's preparation for the Tests against Australia was dealt a blow in a bizarre dressing-room incident that left him needing stitches.
Bangladesh opener Tamim Iqbal required stitches after a bizarre dressing-room incident that could have easily resulted in serious injury and put him in doubt for the upcoming Test series against Australia.
Tamim, furious about being run out during a tune-up in Chittagong, reportedly hurled his bat at a glass door after storming off the field.
Tamim then opened the door, at which point the glass shattered. He lost his balance and fell over, suffering a bad cut to the midriff that required four stitches.
The left-hander, who scored a century in Bangladesh's maiden Test wins over England last year, is expected to face Australia in the first Test that starts on August 27.
But he admitted it could easily have been far more serious.
"If anyone saw the state of my pads, they would know how dangerous the accident could have been," Tamim told The Daily Star.
"Thanks to Allah that I got off from such a dangerous situation. The injury is nothing serious, I am just thankful since the situation could have been bad.
"The injured area sometimes stretches the skin but it's nothing serious."
Bangladesh have conducted a five-week training camp in Dhaka as they prepare for their first Test series against Australia since 2006.
Meanwhile, Australia's sole tour game before the first Test may have to be shifted to another venue.
Parts of the cricket ground in Fatullah have been flooded with contaminated water from nearby factories, while heavy rain has made the situation worse.
PORTLAND, Ore. — D'Marques Tyson made six 3-pointers and scored 22 points, and Marcus Shaver Jr. sank the winning free throws with two seconds left as Portland edged Loyola Marymount 68-66 on Saturday.
LMU's Steven Haney tied the game with two free throws with 13 seconds left before Shaver was fouled at the rim. James Batemon got a decent look at a 3-point try but was too strong.
Tyson made five 3-pointers and scored 17 points in the first half when Portland took a 37-27 lead. LMU led 43-40 on a Haney 3-pointer with 14:34 left and neither team led by more than four thereafter.
Franklin Porter added 12 points for the Pilots (10-15, 4-8 West Coast Conference), winners of four of their last six, the two losses against nationally ranked Saint Mary's and Gonzaga.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has earned frequent praise from President Donald Trump, top Cabinet members and even some Democrats, including those who take solace in the tempering role he plays in an otherwise frenetic administration. (Photo: Jacquelyn Martin / AP)
Manila, Philippines — In a wood-paneled stateroom in the Philippine presidential palace, Rex Tillerson sat across from a leader who boasts of hunting down drug dealers to personally kill. Whether he'd confront his host for letting police kill thousands — and how forcefully — was being scrutinized for proof the Trump administration has any commitment to human rights.
When the secretary of state ultimately broached it with President Rodrigo Duterte, he backed into it, rattling off U.S. death tolls and addiction rates that tell the story of America's opioid crisis. Then he noted matter-of-factly that Americans have concerns about Duterte's approach to his country's drug war. He offered U.S. help, two participants said.
To Tillerson's many critics, it was the latest underperformance by a secretary they see as abdicating traditional roles and aspirations of American diplomacy. To Tillerson, aides said, it was a concrete solution to a problem, rather than grandstanding for grandstanding's sake.
Since taking office, Tillerson has earned praise from President Donald Trump, top Cabinet members and even some Democrats, including many who take solace in his tempering role in an otherwise frenetic, unpredictable administration. Yet he's also stoked doubts among the foreign policy establishment, with a daily drumbeat of editorials like “Why Has Rex Tillerson Belly-Flopped as Secretary of State?”
And so difficult has Trump made Tillerson's job at times that it has sparked talk of a “Rexit.” As with the histrionic headlines, Tillerson has brushed it all off, calmly telling reporters, “I'm not going anywhere.”
This account of Tillerson's first six months draws on interviews with roughly two dozen State Department officials, foreign diplomats and other Tillerson associates. Some weren't authorized to comment publicly and demanded anonymity.
———
In private, Tillerson takes issue with his predecessors' approach, especially John Kerry, whose high public profile and constant travel became a running State Department joke. Drawing contrast with Kerry, Tillerson has told associates he can get more done if countries can negotiate in confidence without their positions being dissected in the press.
That argument hasn't caught on among the chorus of diplomats and foreign policy scholars claiming he's squandering his only real leverage. After all, diplomats don't use weapons, only words.
“I think he came to the job with a feeling that America was approaching foreign policy with too much of a missionary zeal. We were telling the world what they ought to do,” said John Hamre, president of the Center for Strategic and International Studies, where Tillerson served 11 years on the board.
Two decades ago, as Tillerson was rising through Exxon, the oil company merged with Mobil to become the world's biggest. Tillerson has told aides the State Department redesign is much harder.
“This takes time,” said R.C. Hammond, a senior Tillerson adviser. “We're not changing one light switch. We're rewiring an entire house.”
———
Tillerson locked in his under-the-radar reputation early, when he told the sole reporter allowed to travel with him at the time that he was “not a big media press access person.”
At Exxon, that approach paid off, and the company flourished. Corporations are rarely harmed by their CEOs avoiding the limelight.
But in Washington, that approach denies Tillerson the chance to define his own narrative. The vacuum is filled by constant rumors, leaks and reports that — left largely unchallenged by Tillerson — have reached sky-is-falling proportions:
—That promotion of a just, democratic world may be removed from the department mission statement. An early draft didn't include it, but officials say the final version likely will.
—That Tillerson wants to move Consular Affairs, which handles passports and visas, to the Homeland Security Department. Both Tillerson and Deputy Secretary John Sullivan oppose the move.
—That Tillerson's hiring freeze and rampant vacancies throughout upper management have hamstrung the department, leaving foreign countries with no empowered point person. Responsibility lies partially with Tillerson, partially with Trump, although Tillerson says he wants it to move faster.
“There are elements of truth in some of these stories,” Sullivan said. “But then they're twisted in a way that makes it sound as though the secretary is out of touch, mismanaging, whatever.”
———
No secretary before has worked for a president like Trump. So often is Tillerson contradicted or undermined that foreign diplomats question when he truly speaks for his boss.
Just as Tillerson was trying to calm matters by downplaying prospects for a North Korea military conflict, Trump reaffirmed his “fire and fury” threat and boasted about U.S. nuclear weapons.
But Trump also defends Tillerson, saying Friday they were “totally on the same page.” Tillerson often downplays signs of incongruity between their messages, and on North Korea, Tillerson says boss was merely “trying to support our efforts by ensuring that North Korea understands what the stakes are.”
———
Six months in, Tillerson presides over a State Department deeply uneasy about its future, but still hopeful he'll lead American diplomacy more successfully than panicked editorials predict.
“It's to be expected that we will go through some morale issues early on,” Tillerson said this month. But, he added, “I cannot change what we're doing from a policy standpoint, if that's what's behind people's unhappiness.”
———
Lee reported from Washington.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2uGFEA2
Two Peterborough natives are among 40 of Canada's top junior hockey players invited to the Sport Chek World Junior Showcase in Kamloops, B.C., from July 28 to Aug. 4.
Barrett Hayton, the fifth-overall pick by the Arizona Coyotes on June 24, and Owen Tippett, the 10th-overall pick in 2017 by the Florida Panthers, are among 24 forwards who will vie for 13 spots on Canada's entry at the 2019 IIHF World Junior Hockey Championships which begin Dec. 26.
Maxime Comtois, Alex Formenton and Robert Thomas return from the team which won gold at the 2018 IIHF World Junior Championship in Buffalo in January.
"The Sport Chek World Junior Showcase gives us an excellent opportunity to begin the evaluation process and for the staff to familiarize themselves with the players before the new season kicks off," stated Brad McEwen, head scout for Hockey Canada, in a press release.
"We also get to see the players in competition against the teams who will be returning to Vancouver and Victoria this December. It's a unique opportunity, and we're looking forward to making the most of it as we kick off our journey to the 2019 World Juniors later this month."
The eight-day showcase features Canada, Finland, Sweden and the United States who will combine to play 11 games at the Sandman Centre. Canada will dress two squads for games against a split Team USA on July 31 before combining again as Team Canada to play Finland on Aug. 2, Sweden on Aug. 3 and close the mini-tournament against the U.S. on Aug. 4.
Analysis Back in a bygone era – September last year – Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella told a developer conference: "We are not pursuing AI to beat humans at games."
This week, we learned Redmond has done more or less that — lashed together a proof-of-concept AI that can trounce gamers at Ms Pac-Man, and snatch some headlines along the way. We're told the machine-learning system has obtained the perfect score of 999,990 in the arcade hit, compared to the human high-score record of 266,330.
This achievement seems a bit late. DeepMind's AlphaGo has defeated human Go experts. Libratus and DeepStack cleaned out poker professionals at heads-up no-limit Texas Hold'em. Vicarious whistled past competitors at Breakout. DeepMind's DQN taught itself how to play various Atari console games. And so on.
However, you can forgive the delay with Ms Pac-Man because it is a rather tricky game for machines to master. Playing it is like surviving a Friday evening in a digital nightclub: scoot around a dark maze, swallow pills, and avoid ghostly thugs to a repetitive electronic soundtrack.
Computers can't play this game well since there are just too many possible game states to consider - 1077 configurations, apparently. It's not hard for an AI to find its way through a maze, but couple that with grabbing pills, dodging or eating ghosts, and collecting fruit for a high score, and it's suddenly tough work for an artificial brain. The electronic player has to appreciate and master secondary goals – efficiently scouring a maze for pills, avoiding ghosts or eating them, strategically sacrificing a life to get a difficult-to-reach pellet, and so on – all to achieve an overall primary goal.
Now Maluuba, a Canadian AI biz pursuing general AI through language processing, and recently acquired by Microsoft, appears to have cracked the challenge of building a bot that can trump humans at Ms Pac-Man.
At the moment, it's trendy to teach software agents to play games using reinforcement learning. Here's how it works: every time a bot increases its score, typically by making a good move, it interprets this as a reward. Over time the code works out which decisions and behaviors lead to more rewards. And while chasing these rewards, the bot becomes stronger and stronger, making better and better moves, until it becomes rather good at the game. Some games are better suited to reinforcement learning than others – it's not a one-size-fits-all solution.
Traditional reinforcement learning methods, which use a single agent player to tackle titles from Doom to StarCraft, are unsuitable for Ms Pac-Man. The large number of possible states means it's difficult to generalize the complex environment for a single agent to tackle, Rahul Mehrotra, program manager at Maluuba, and Kaheer Suleman, cofounder and CTO of the upstart, explained to The Register.
A paper published online this week by Maluuba describes the team's winning Ms Pac-Man strategy, which uses something called a hybrid reward architecture (HRA) to pull off. Instead of a single bot trying to singlehandedly complete the game, the problem is shared between up to 163 sub-agents working in parallel for an oracle agent. This central oracle controls Ms Pac-Man's movements.
When the oracle agent finds a new object – a pellet, ghost or fruit – it creates a sub-agent representing that object and assigns it a fixed weight. Pills and fruit get positive weights, whereas ghosts get negative weights. These values are used to calculate, for each object, an expected reward for the oracle agent if it moves Ms Pac-Man in the direction of that object. So, for example, moving the character toward a ghost has a negative expected reward, whereas moving it toward a fruit or a line of pills has a very positive expected reward.
At each step in time in the game, the oracle aggregates all the expected rewards from its sub-agents, and uses this information to move Ms Pac-Man in the directions that maximize the total reward. She avoids the ghosts, she gets the pills and the fruit, and she gets the high score.
Screenshot of how agents help Ms Pac-Man gobble pellets and swerve ghosts
In effect, the combined agents guide Ms Pac-Man around the maze. It's important to note that the sub-agents do not control the environment – the ghosts still chase after her, for instance – they just provide her with the best strategies to take according to the current game state. After about 840 million video frames from the game, the HRA built a superhuman Ms Pac-Man player for four different maps.
So what's the problem?
It's all a bit of clever trickery. It's a bit of a hack. The crucial thing is that the reward weights are hardcoded into the software. Ghosts are set to -1,000. Pills and fruits are set a weight based on their in-game points. This is programmed in by the researchers. It means the AI hasn't learned very much at all: it hasn't learned that ghosts are bad and to be avoided because they cause Ms Pac-Man to lose her lives and ultimately the whole game, that pills need to be collected, that fruits are good and not stationary ghosts, and so on.
Other reinforcement learning systems found out through hours of trial and error that, for example in Space Invaders, they could press the fire button and sometimes earn points; that firing away made things disappear, also earning points; that moving and firing made more things disappear, earning more points; that moving to avoid being hit by enemy bullets let the player live longer, thus allowing it to gain more points; and so on. These systems learned from scratch the value of their decisions. Hit the ball, shoot the thing, get a reward, figure it out, get better.
Maluuba's HRA is, in all honesty, a proof of concept. It didn't have to learn the hard way. It was born knowing everything it ever needed to know. Until it can learn for itself from scratch, building up intelligence on its own from its environment, it's a preprogrammed maze-searching algorithm. Romain Laroche, one of the paper's coauthors, admitted the weights are defined "manually for the moment," adding they'll become dynamic at some point, hopefully. The fixed design is documented in the paper.
Basically, it's hardcoded to solve Ms Pac-Man: it may be tough to adapt the design to other scenarios without starting all over again with another specialized model. To be blunt, that means the algorithm isn't very valuable to anyone, unless you want to watch a computer solve Ms Pac-Man.
The project is part of Maluuba's push to explore how reinforcement learning under complex environments may be applied to natural language and conversations, according to Mehrotra and Suleman.
If we're being cynical, we would say Microsoft leaned on its acquisition to pop out a headline-grabbing demo to match DeepMind and other efforts. Sure, Maluuba's HRA involves some interesting programming and clever math. And yes, it looks neat, which is why journalists and thinkfluencers loved it. But let's be realistic: it's MAME on autopilot. ®
The city plans to donate the old structure to Kids Around the World, an international nonprofit whose mission is to refurbish unwanted playgrounds and re-build them in countries affected by poverty, war and other afflictions.
Workers plan to remove the existing playground at Lakeview Knolls North sometime this week.
The new playground at Lakeview Knolls will incorporate a forest green and brown color scheme. It will also include a new rope bridge, a raft swing for two, various climbing obstacles and new slides.
The cost of the new playground is about $40,000, including installation.
Of the eight playgrounds Woodbury has donated, Kids Around the World has placed them in countries like Lebanon, Poland, Haiti, Romania and India.
The program allows cities to pass off the deconstruction costs, as well as liability, to the organization. Playgrounds are then transported to the nonprofit's Illinois headquarters where volunteers paint, repair and restore them before sending them abroad.
Work crews plan to install the new playground at Lakeview Knolls Park the week of June 19.
Updates on the playground are available on the city's website under the "Park Projects" page.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
2018 Alfa Romeo 4C Enlarge Photo
The Alfa Romeo 4C is not without its flaws but it's a car that definitely doesn't disappoint.
It's a sports car with supercar looks and exclusivity, and with a price tag in the mid-$50k bracket it's also quite the value.
The 4C marked Alfa Romeo's official return to the United States when it went on sale for 2015. The car is now approaching the midway point in its life cycle and it seems Alfa Romeo has some upgrades planned to keep things fresh.
Speaking with Autocar, Roberto Fedeli, who heads the engineering departments at Alfa Romeo and Maserati and spent decades as a top Ferrari engineer, said the 4C will receive suspension and steering upgrades to deliver better ride and handling (hopefully this won't come at the cost of the manual steering). He also said that a new, presumably more powerful engine is also possible. The 4C is currently powered by a 1.7-liter turbocharged inline-4 delivering 237 horsepower.
Roberto Fedeli Enlarge Photo
While there was once talk of the 4C having a short lifespan, Fedeli dismissed this by stating that the car serves an important role as the performance halo for the brand, a role made more important with the recent news the brand is returning to Formula 1.
“We are coming back to Formula 1,” he said, “and we need the 4C to be our halo car.”
The upgraded 4C is expected to be introduced in the fall of 2018. This means we're likely to see it on sale as a 2019 model.
With the current car already one of Motor Authority's favorites, the news of some upgrades is just icing on the cake.
The Duke of Cambridge has teamed up with pop superstar Lady Gaga to encourage people to open up about their feelings and bring an end to the “shame” of talking about mental health issues.
In a video watched by around 15,000 people live on Facebook, William and Lady Gaga chatted about how important speaking freely about mental health can be in helping to shatter the stigma around it.
An image from the Heads Together campaign video of the Duke of Cambridge speaking to Lady Gaga via FaceTime at Kensington Palace, as the Duke called for an end to the "stiff upper lip" culture. Picture: Heads Together campaign/PA Wire
The Duke said: “It's time that everyone speaks up and really feels very normal about mental health, it's the same as physical health.
“Everybody has mental health and we shouldn't be ashamed of it and just having a conversation with a friend or family member can really make such a difference.”
William has has called for an end to the “stiff upper lip” culture, saying he wants Prince George and Princess Charlotte to be able to talk about their emotions.
Along with his brother Harry and the Duchess of Cambridge, he has championed the Heads Together campaign.
Lady Gaga talks to the Duke of Cambridge via FaceTime at Kensington Palace, as the Duke called for an end to the "stiff upper lip" culture. Picture: Heads Together campaign/PA Wire
It comes after Prime Minister Theresa May praised Prince Harry for his bravery in revealing that he sought counselling to come to terms with the death of his mother, Diana, Princess of Wales.
Harry, who was 12 when Diana was killed in a car crash in Paris, said it was not until his late 20s that he processed his grief.
The Prime Minister said his decision to speak out would help “smash the stigma around mental health” while mental health charity Mind described it as a “true turning point”.
Ministers are thought to be considering putting NHS professionals in secondary schools full-time, under plans understood to be part of a green paper on young people and mental health which will be published later this year.
A government spokesman said: “No child should suffer from mental health issues and we are investing a record £1.4billion to ensure all children get the help and support they need.
“We are strengthening the links between schools and NHS mental health staff and later this year will publish proposals for further improving services and preventative work.”
Harry had admitted that shutting down his emotions after losing his mother had “a quite serious effect on not only my personal life but my work as well”.
He said he eventually sought help after his brother told him he needed to deal with his feelings.
“It was 20 years of not thinking about it and two years of total chaos,” he explained.
But the Prince said that he was now in a “good place” because of the “process I have been through over the past two and a half years”.
Harry will be joined by William today (Tuesday) to present an award in memory of their mother, in his first public appearance since speaking out about his experience.
The two brothers will present the inaugural Legacy Award on behalf of the Diana Award – a charity established to promote the Princess' belief in the positive power of young people – at a ceremony in St James's Palace, London.
Twenty exceptional young people who have excelled at creating positive social change will be recognised at the event.
The new award was launched as part of a year-long celebration of Diana's qualities of kindness, compassion and service, marking 20 years since her death.
William will also attend a screening today of BBC documentary Mind Over Marathon, which follows a group of runners affected by mental health as they prepare for the London Marathon.
Heads Together, an umbrella organisation for mental health charities, is the London Marathon's charity of the year.
The Duke and Duchess and Harry, who hope the race will be known as “the mental health marathon”, will hand out medals on the finish line at the Mall on Sunday.
Gabriel (Ride Control, LLC) announces they have opened a new online store to sell their brand name merchandise. Customers can now purchase apparel and specialty items with the Gabriel logo from the Gabriel shop.
Some of the most popular items from the Gabriel online store are the wearables such as cotton t-shirts, with the original Gabriel logo, and also Gabriel baseball hats. Customers can also purchase items like drinkware, flashlights, and novelty bar stools. The store even has neon clocks available for purchase with the iconic HiJackers bunny emblem, and plans to add more items soon in conjunction with the HiJacker brand's 50th birthday celebration this year.
Follow The Original Gabriel on Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube to stay up to date on new merchandise, product news and industry news.
To purchase Gabriel merchandise, visit shop.gabriel.com. New items will be added soon so check back frequently.
Donald Trump announced a plan earlier this month to bring down drug prices in the US, though doubts that the proposals would amount to much led pharmaceutical stocks to climb at the time. Photo: AFP
Washington: Major pharmaceutical companies will announce “voluntary, massive” cuts in drug prices in two weeks, President Donald Trump said on Wednesday, without providing details.
“We're also working very hard at getting the cost of medicine down, and I think people are going to start to see for the first time ever in this country a major drop in the cost of prescription drugs,” Trump said while signing legislation making it easier for terminally ill patients to get access to experimental drugs.
The president said drug company executives, whom he didn't name, would visit the White House to make the announcement. The White House didn't respond to a request for further details.
Pharmaceutical companies contacted about Trump's remarks on price cuts said they were unaware of any such plans.
The Nasdaq Biotechnology Index pared gains after Trump's comments before recovering. The index was up 1.4% at 1:48pm in New York.
Trump announced a plan earlier this month to bring down drug prices in the US, though doubts that the proposals would amount to much led pharmaceutical stocks to climb at the time. The president has a habit of promising actions in two weeks and then missing those deadlines.
Trump on Wednesday also touted new rules his administration is poised to release that would expand loosely regulated short-term insurance plans and let small firms band together under association health plans to act more like larger employers and buy cheaper health coverage.
“We're going to have great, inexpensive, really good health care,” Trump said.
Many groups, including insurance companies and patient advocates, have raised concerns that the new rules would raise the cost of coverage for sick patients who need Obamacare coverage and can't switch to cheaper plans that will offer fewer benefits.
A helicopter pilot has died in a crash in North Yorkshire, police have confirmed.
A police spokesman said: "One man, believed to be the pilot of the private aircraft, was pronounced dead at the scene. No further casualties have been reported.
Police near the scene in Aldborough, Boroughbridge where a helicopter crashed in a field. PA photo
Officers have cordoned off the area and conducted a search of the area.
Some officers remain at the scene and the Civil Aviation Authority is also at the scene, where it will carry out an investigation into the cause of the crash.
North Yorkshire Police is not yet in a position to name the deceased."
Witnesses described an "enormous explosion" as the helicopter crashed in a crop field at Aldborough near Boroughbridge at about 1.30pm today.
The air ambulance at the scene
Emergency services were at the scene within minutes, as well as the Yorkshire Air Ambulance.
Fire crews from Boroughbridge, Knaresborough, Harrogate and Ripon attended, it is understood, along with the police and ambulance service.
Witness tells of 'enormous explosion' after helicopter dropped like a stone in crash near Harrogate
Police officers cordoned off the crash site and began to conduct a search of the area.
Police near the scene in Aldborough, Boroughbridge where a helicopter crashed in a field. PA photo
Witness Katie McCann, of London, who grew up in the village, said the crash took place behind Aldborough Hall.
She described what sounded like an "out of control plane or helicopter".
"Then I heard an enormous explosion," she said.
"[One man] said he had seen it. It was a red and white helicopter.
Superintendent David Hannan makes a statement to the press near the scene in Aldborough, Boroughbridge where a helicopter crashed in a field. Photo: PA
"He said it had climbed up into the cloud like it was trying to recover itself, and then dropped like a stone."
NATIONAL
WASHINGTON (Yonhap) -- The United States vowed Friday to bring an end to North Korea's regime if it launches a nuclear attack on the US or its allies.
The warning came in the latest Nuclear Posture Review unveiled earlier in the day. The document, the first since 2010, will dictate US nuclear policy and related budget planning for the next five to 10 years.
President Donald Trump during the State of the Union address on Ja. 30. In the address, Trump said that the country`s nuclear capabilities will be modernized, and highlighted North Korea`s human rights violations. Yonhap
"Our deterrence strategy for North Korea makes clear that any North Korean nuclear attack against the United States or its allies and partners is unacceptable and will result in the end of that regime," the 74-page document says. "There is no scenario in which the Kim (Jong-un) regime could employ nuclear weapons and survive."The statement is based on the premise that North Korea's ultimate aim is regime survival."North Korean officials insist that they will not give up nuclear weapons, and North Korea may now be only months away from the capability to strike the United States with nuclear-armed ballistic missiles," the review says. "Its expansive nuclear and missile programs suggest the potential for nuclear first use in support of conventional operations."Last year Pyongyang conducted three tests of intercontinental ballistic missiles capable of reaching the mainland US, as well as its sixth nuclear weapons test. The threat it poses to the US and its allies has become "urgent and unpredictable," especially coupled with its existing chemical, biological and conventional capabilities, and "extremely provocative rhetoric and actions," according to the report."Consequently, the United States reaffirms that North Korea's illicit nuclear program must be completely, verifiably and irreversibly eliminated, resulting in a Korean Peninsula free of nuclear weapons," it says.The review also highlights the risk of North Korea selling its nuclear weapons and technology to other state and non-state actors.The regime's nuclear program also increases the pressure on other nations to build their own nuclear arsenal in order to defend themselves from a nuclear attack, it points out."We will hold the Kim regime fully responsible for any transfer of nuclear weapons technology, material or expertise to any state or non-state actor," it says.Meanwhile, the US and its allies maintain the defensive and offensive capabilities to intercept and otherwise defeat the North's missile capabilities, according to the report."Although North Korea's missile forces are expanding and increasingly mobile, U.S. and allied missile defenses are increasingly capable against North Korea's missile threat, and the United States has the early warning systems and strike capabilities necessary to degrade North Korean missile capabilities prior to launch," it says. "We will continually improve these defensive capabilities as needed to stay ahead of North Korean missile threats if they continue to grow, while also taking steps to preclude an arms race with China or Russia."
Audioburst creates a ‘listening identity' based on your users' unique listening patterns, interests and preferences
Reimagining the way people discover and experience audio content
Keep them listening while they exercise
Keep them listening while they exercise
Keep them listening while they exercise
Feed their curiosity while they cook
Let them explore the world while they drive
Keep them listening while they exercise
Engage your users with
the world's largest library of audio content
Audioburst indexes millions of audio segments daily from a variety
of content sources and transforms them into...
SBS World News Radio: Kenya's opposition leader has urged his supporters not to go to work after what he claims was a "rigged" election.
Raila Odinga is refusing to accept the result that returned incumbent Uhuru Kenyatta to the presidency.
Protests have been held in Raila Odinga's strongholds within the Kenyan capital Nairobi.
Defiant and furious, the opposition leader says he believes he was robbed of victory in the country's presidential election.
And in his first appearance since losing the election, Mr Odinga has accused the government of President Uhuru Kenyatta of murdering his supporters.
"What happened yesterday here in Kibera, Mathare, Kisumu and everywhere else, we had foreseen it happening three weeks ago. We produced evidence that they were coming to kill our people here. We gave out the details, and they claimed it was false. We said there was a special unit from the military which was already set aside by Jubilee because they knew they were going to be defeated and, after being defeated, they were going to steal the election. That's the reason they have come to kill our people. They are shooting them and taking them in sacks."
Mr Odinga says he vehemently rejects the elections and wants the incumbent stripped of power.
But most Kenyans have accepted the result, while international observers have declared the process broadly free and fair.
The election commission has also dismissed claims the ballot was hacked or rigged.
But opposition official James Orengo insists the opposition can prove otherwise.
"And we are going to show, we are going to show, how this election was stolen. We are going to show. So when we call you to action, peaceful action, don't stay behind, don't stay behind, don't stay behind!"
There have been violent protests since Kenyatta Uhuru was re-elected as president.
A Kenyan human-rights group says at least 24 people have been killed.
Damaglyn Marube says her eight-year-old daughter was one of the victims.
She is demanding answers from the Kenyan government.
"My child went outside to play with other children while I was washing clothes. In no time, I saw another child running towards me and tell me my child has been shot and she's dead, lying on the floor. When I got to where she was, I found her lifeless body lying on the floor. I am urging the government to investigate how my child got killed and justice to be done."
We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Playback journalism takes time and funding...
Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you.
Please, whitelist playback.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
POLICE HAVE seized drugs after raiding a house in York.
Officers forced entry to the home, in Dale Street, off Nunnery Lane, at 9.30am today after receiving information from members of the local community.
Inside, they found a small amount of cannabis as well as syringes containing a brown substance.
Police were acting on information received from the local community.
No-one was arrested and the investigation is ongoing.
A spokesman for North Yorkshire Police said: "Anyone with information about activity connected to illegal drugs should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101. As this morning's warrant shows, we can and will act on community concerns and take proactive enforcement action."
Worcester's City Council has taken the first step toward potentially putting the Community Preservation Act on the city's November ballot by referring it to the council's Finance Committee for public input.
A number of members of Yes for a Better Worcester - a new coalition of 17 local organizations - brought a petition before the council Tuesday night asking that the Community Preservation Act be placed on Worcester's Nov. 6 ballot.
The council voted to refer it to Finance Committee for further vetting and public input. The committee is expected to take it up next month.
The act, passed as state enabling legislation in 2000, allows cities and towns to create a Community Preservation Fund by adding a surcharge to annual real estate taxes that is set aside for open space, historic resources and affordable housing.
Yes for a Better Worcester has asked the council to place the act on the November ballot with a 1.5 percent surcharge on local property taxes with a number of exemptions, including for low-income property owners, low- and moderate-income seniors, as well as the first $100,000 of taxable property value of residential real estate and commercial and industrial properties.
That pool of money would then be available for projects dedicated to open space, historic preservation and community housing.
"We are simply asking you to invoke your power to be a government body of, by and for the people and so put this act on the ballot for November, and hopefully you will do so to be voted up or down by the people," Worcester resident Robert Thomas said.
He pointed out that Worcester has a large refugee population and is in the midst of an affordable housing crisis.
"CPA could assist in these humanitarian needs - they can do it faster, easier and less expensive than any organization," he said, adding, "CPA is a creative, efficient means of improving blighted neighborhoods, vacant lots and restoring historic properties."
If the act were to be adopted, the average single-family homeowner would pay $32 a year or $2.67 a month, while the average owner of a triple decker would pay $36 a year or $3 a month.
Small businesses would pay about $100 to $200 more a year.
Deborah Packard, executive director of Preservation Worcester, said the organization is in support of adopting the act.
"We find historic preservation is an economic generator, it makes our city unique and it's a source of pride and it also uplifts our community," she said. "We get numerous calls every week from people who want to maintain their buildings but don't have the resources to do it. Often times our buildings fall into disrepair and are demolished because people can't afford to take care of them."
She said Community Preservation money could be used to help prevent extensive deterioration of some of the buildings in Lincoln Square, help revitalize the city's triple deckers and more.
"This would also support business owners who want to maintain their structures," she said.
In Massachusetts, 172 cities and towns have adopted the act.
But in Worcester, some remain skeptical of the act's potential unintended consequences.
The Worcester Regional Chamber of Commerce previously expressed concern about the act, saying it is wary of any proposal that would raise property taxes.
One member of the public, Bill Sweeney, spoke against the proposal during Tuesday's council meeting. He said raising taxes will drive business out of Worcester.
"If we make it hard to do business here, we will export those jobs even more," he said.
In a shocking incident, a 14-year-old girl named Sai Deepti committed suicide after she was humiliated by school authorities for not paying the fees. The incident took place in Hyderabad situated in India.
The 14-year-old hanged herself from the ceiling fan at her home in Malkajgiri. Deepti studied in Class 9 at Jyothi High School, Malkajgiri.
As per reports, the girl's family was going through a phase of financial instability for a long time. Deepti's father who is an auto driver by profession failed to pay her school fees on time.
As Deepti's family failed to pay the school fees, the 14-year-old was barred from writing her exams by the school authorities. The humiliation which Deepti faced by her school authorities led the innocent girl to depression and eventually she returned home to commit suicide. She has left behind a suicide note for her mother where she expresses her regret for taking such a step.
The school management is being held responsible for forcing the girl to take the step. Child Rights Organisation has urged strict action on the school and its authorities.
The Malkajgiri police station has filed a complaint against Jyothi High School and India's education department is investigating the matter.
The school fee in India's private schools is often dubious with payment to third-party service providers like tech education providers or app providers and a host of other parasitic firms making inroads into the overall school fees.
At the same time, education in government-owned schools in India is far below the standards that no parent wishes to send his or her children.
With a nasty and partisan confirmation battle behind him, Justice Neil Gorsuch took his seat on the nation's highest court on Monday and quickly proved himself to be an active, persistent questioner.
As the court buzzer sounded, Gorsuch emerged from behind the red velvet curtains with his eight colleagues and took his seat at the far right of the bench, no pun intended. (That's where the most junior justice sits, regardless of his or her politics.)
Despite his white hair, Gorsuch looked for all the world like a kid on his first day of high school, proud to be with the big guys, and sitting tall, with a tiny grin on his face.
Chief Justice John Roberts welcomed Gorsuch to "our common calling." Then it was off to the races with three cases interesting only to true legal nerds.
Indeed, the justices were the liveliest looking people in the courtroom, though Justice Samuel Alito at one point could be seen eyes closed, rocking gently in his high-backed chair.
All three cases involved technical and convoluted points of law that, to say the least, are not made for easy or interesting translation. But the newest justice was not shy.
Eleven minutes into the morning session, he asked a string of questions in a case involving which court or courts should hear discrimination and civil service claims brought by government employees.
Gorsuch repeatedly suggested it would be "a lot simpler" or "a lot easier if we just follow the text of the statute." But as the lawyers on both sides and other justices pointed out, the statute has multiple provisions that are interdependent, and nothing about them is simple or easy.
"This is unbelievably complicated," lamented Alito. "The one thing about this case that seems perfectly clear to me is that nobody who's not a lawyer — and no ordinary lawyer — could read these statutes and figure out what they are supposed to do."
"Who wrote this statute?" he asked plaintively. "Somebody who takes pleasure out of pulling the wings off flies?"
Justice Sonia Sotomayor seemed to agree.
"If we go down your route, and I'm writing the opinion — which I hope I'm not," Sotomayor said while glancing in the direction of Chief Justice Roberts, who generally assigns the opinions.
At this point, Gorsuch again suggested the simple solution is to just read the words in the statute, but Gorsuch had a relatively novel idea of what a statute means when it says to apply one provision "subject to" another provision of the law.
Justice Elena Kagan noted that the court has had a contrary interpretation for decades. To adopt a new interpretation, she said, would be "a kind of revolution ... to the extent you can have a revolution in this kind of case."
Gorsuch was a less enthusiastic participant in the next two arguments, but he again focused on the "plain language" of the statutes in his questioning. In the second case, involving who can intervene in a property rights case, Gorsuch asked no questions of the lawyer on one side, Neal Katyal, who had testified for him at his confirmation hearing.
Gorsuch did not have much time to prepare for the 13 cases to be argued over the next two weeks.
He was sworn in on April 10, leaving him a week to prepare for the current and final round of cases of this Supreme Court term. Such short turnaround time is not uncommon, though hardly desirable.
Chief Justice Roberts had six days to prepare after his swearing-in. Justice Alito had three weeks. Justice Anthony Kennedy had four days. Justice Clarence Thomas, 10 days. And Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer, Sotomayor and Kagan all took their oaths in August, so they had about two months to prep for their first oral arguments.
Though already a justice, Gorsuch did not participate last week in the court's weekly conference at which the eight not only discuss and vote on previously argued cases but decide which cases to hear in the future. Gorsuch would not have been eligible to vote on cases that were heard before he was sworn in, but he could have and will vote on which cases to hear in the future.
There are about 10 cases apparently being held, likely awaiting a decisive vote from Gorsuch on whether to grant review.
It takes the votes of four justices to agree to hear a case; the speculation is that some of the cases still in the queue need one more vote to get the four needed for review.
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's May 19 nuptials are fast approaching. So, it's no surprise that the pair have released even more exciting details about their special day. Through the Kensington Palace Twitter account, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle revealed their wedding day music. And the new details are bound to make you even more excited about the pair's upcoming wedding.
The Palace first shared that the music for the wedding ceremony would be under the direction of James Vivian. Vivian is already the music director for St. George's Chapel, where Harry and Markle are set to wed, and will guide a selection of the choir, choral groups, and other musicians during the big event.
They also revealed a very talented musician will be a part of the ceremony who has a small connection to the Harry himself. The Palace said that cellist Sheku Kanneh-Mason, who won the 2016 BBC Young Musician contest, will perform during the ceremony. The tweet noted that the prince first took note of him at an event for the Halo Foundation, during which Kanneh-Mason performed.
Yet, it was the prince's wife-to-be who personally made the call to ask the talented cellist to perform, which he was obviously thrilled by. He said, per the Royal Family's website, “I'm so excited and honoured to perform at Prince Harry and Ms. Meghan Markle's wedding. I was bowled over when Ms. Markle called me to ask if I would play during the ceremony, and of course I immediately said yes!"
Rob Kim/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Kensington Palace also revealed that the Christian gospel group The Kingdom Choir will perform with conductor Karen Gibson leading the group. The choir is made up of performers "dedicated to creating a sound that demonstrates the community they share." Gibson understandably expressed her excitement and gratitude over the amazing opportunity for herself and the choir. She also took some time to say some kind words for Harry and Markle in advance of their wedding day: "It [performing] will be a moment that we will always treasure, and we'd like to take the opportunity to wish the couple all the very best for their coming union."
The Royal Family's website also noted a couple of other performers and musicians who will be a part of the ceremony, including orchestra conductor Christopher Warren-Green, singer Elin Manahan Thomas, and trumpeter David Blackadder. With all of this immense talent, and performers who were likely chosen by the husband and wife-to-be themselves, the music will undoubtedly be a special part of their wedding ceremony.
WPA Pool/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Of course, these haven't been the only details that have been revealed about the royal wedding. Luckily for every royal fan out there, Harry and Markle have been open about some specific wedding details through the Kensington Palace Twitter account. And so far, none of those details have disappointed.
On March 20, they revealed that they're set to enjoy what sounds like the best wedding cake ever, courtesy of Violet Bakery's Claire Ptak. Harry and Markle will have a lemon elderflower cake at their wedding in order to really embrace a spring theme for their May 19 wedding.
Kensington Palace tweeted on April 1 that Harry and Markle had chosen Phillipa Craddock as the florist for their wedding. The details once again showed that the royal pair are really embracing the season with the planned flower arrangements. They reported that Craddock will use flowers that are in season, such as foxgloves and white garden roses, whenever possible.
Seeing as though more details have recently been revealed in the lead-up to the event of the year, maybe fans can expect even more fun tidbits about the May 19 wedding day in the weeks to come.
Tokyo
Oil rose for a third day on Friday after a survey showed strong compliance with output cuts by OPEC and others including Russia, offsetting concerns about surging US production.
Brent futures, the global benchmark, were up 24 cents, or 0.3 percent, at $69.89 a barrel by 0635 GMT. US West Texas Intermediate crude was up 33 cents, or 0.5 percent, at $66.13 a barrel.
Production by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries rose in January from an eight-month low as higher output from Nigeria and Saudi Arabia offset a further decline in Venezuela and strong compliance with a supply reduction pact, a Reuters survey showed.
OPEC pumped 32.4 million barrels per day (bpd) in January, the survey found, up 100,000 bpd from December. Last month's total was revised down by 110,000 bpd to the lowest since April 2017. Even so, adherence by producers included in the deal to curb supply rose to 138 percent from 137 percent in December, the survey found, suggesting commitment is not wavering even as oil prices hit their highest level since 2014.
“It underscores the commitment of the group, and their Russian partners, to keep a floor under the oil price,” said Greg McKenna, chief market strategist at futures brokerage AxiTrader.
That is drawing investors' focus away from the rise in US production. US crude output surpassed 10 million bpd in November for the first time since 1970, the Energy Information Administration said this week.—Reuters
WWE News: Former four-time world champion wasn't keen on losing to Chris Benoit
Former WCW booker Kevin Sullivan reveals a lesser known story about Chris Benoit.
@Midcard_Smark by Renjith Ravindran News 14 Aug 2017, 12:09 IST
A former WWE superstar had problems in putting over Benoit
What's the story?
In a recent interview with David Penzer of ‘Sitting Ringside', Kevin Sullivan revealed that former WWE Superstar Sid Vicious was unsure about losing to Chris Benoit back in WCW. Sullivan also talked about his stint in WCW, Hulk Hogan and more in the interview.
In case you did not know...
"The Taskmaster", Kevin Sullivan, started his career back in 1971 and worked with numerous promotions including ECW, WCW and Ring of Honor.
His most notable stint came in WCW where he served as a wrestler and later as a booker. In real life, Sullivan was initially married to the late Nancy Benoit, before Nancy filed for a divorce and later married Chris Benoit.
Benoit murdered Nancy and their son in 2007 and took his own life.
The heart of the matter
In his latest interview, Sullivan revealed that Sid Vicious had a problem in putting over Chris Benoit as the Rabid Wolverine was comparatively smaller in size.
Sullivan revealed the story when he was asked about the difficulty in convincing wrestlers to put over other wrestlers.
“I walked into a room with Sid Vicious, 6' 9", with a babyface that was 5' 8" at best and asked him to put Chris Benoit over clean. (Sid) b---hed and moaned and said, 'why am I putting a midget over'? Sid said, 'What is wrong with you?' Sometimes it not as easy as it sounds." He said.
What's next?
None of the personalities mentioned in the news have any future commitments.
Both Sullivan and Sid are semi-active on the independent circuit and fans could expect to see them on a few future shows.
Author's take
The big guy-small guy debate is something that might cease in leave professional wrestling. There were discussions about the same when Chris Benoit and Eddie Guerrero were World Heavyweight Champion and WWE Champion respectively. Similarly, this debate came up when WWE crowned Rey Mysterio as the champion.
It will certainly show up in the near future as well, but there is no clear conclusion regarding the debate as it is based on how each fan thinks.
“Love for all, hatred for none.” That was the message amplified at the vigil for the victims of a van attack that killed 10 people and injured 14 more in North York on Monday.
People gathered at Olive Square at Yonge St. and Finch Ave. Tuesday evening, leaving flowers and notes in memory of the victims. Words of kindness were written in English, Korean and Farsi, reflecting the diversity of the neighbourhood that was shaken by Monday's rampage.
Some people bowed their heads and prayed as a string quartet performed “Hallelujah.” Others began to cry.
“Everyone is shocked and sad, very sad,” said Azy Valipour, who lives in an apartment right where the van ended its rampage.
“It's very close to us, you always think these things happen to other people,” she said. “But Toronto is a very strong multicultural city, we're not going to let this (break us).”
John Daly joined Gavin DeGraw onstage after the opening round of the Safeway Open on Thursday. The two paired up to sing Tom Petty's “I won't back down,” commemorating the legend who passed away earlier this week at the age of 66.
This isn't the first time Big John has been filmed covering a song:
It is important to enjoy your job. Everyone knows that. But what actually makes people enjoy what they do?
According to Financial News's poll of 335 City workers, some of the most obvious workplace incentives do not have a very strong link with job satisfaction levels. Here we chart the factors that are — and are not — related to happiness in jobs.
...
“(But) with all three of my kids I've had this hit of adrenalin 24 hours post-labour, postdelivery and so I was fine. Even after not sleeping I felt energized. It was the next night I felt terrible.”
“I think I freaked some of my girls out,” she admits of her decision, made in March 2016.
In the end, she tried to do both — after delivering at 4:30 a.m., she badgered her doctor into discharging her from hospital at noon and was on the bench to root for the Vikes at 6 p.m., with her newborn in the stands with her husband.
TORONTO—When University of Victoria basketball coach Dani Sinclair went into labour in the middle of a hard-fought playoff run, she struggled with a dilemma no male coach ever faces: should she recover and cocoon with her newborn in those precious first days after birth — or power through exhaustion to attend her team's crucial game?
Still, she showed up for the next game, too, feeling obliged after making such an effort the previous night. Looking back now, Sinclair wonders if subconscious insecurities pushed her above and beyond the call of duty, describing herself at the time as “a young coach who still really needed to prove myself.”
“There may have been a part of me that was like: ‘Well, I've been able to reach this point, I have this job, I can't give anybody any reason to think that I can't do this,' ” she admits of a field that has proven tough for women to break into.
“That's one of the things as female coaches that we battle. We are questioned a little bit more, possibly, than male coaches are, just because there's fewer of us.”
The gender disparity in coaching is evident as Canada prepares to send its athletes to the Pyeongchang Olympics, where just 10 per cent of coaches is female, says Isabelle Cayer, senior coaching consultant at the Coaching Association of Canada.
That's down from 17 per cent at the 2016 Summer Games in Rio and 13 per cent at the 2014 Winter Games in Sochi.
The Coaches Association of Ontario has launched a campaign dubbed “Changing the Game — Changing the Conversation” to drive home the message that women have the skills and the drive to coach and mentor athletes at all levels.
The dearth of female coaches is a national problem, says Allison Sandmeyer-Graves of the Canadian Association for the Advancement of Women and Sport and Physical Activity.
She cites federal data from 2015 that found just 25 per cent of Canadian coaches were female. Slightly more enrolled in the Coaching Association of Canada's certification program, where 30 per cent were women, but that, too, is disconcerting.
“You see women are being trained, but that's not necessarily translating into active coaches,” says Sandmeyer-Graves, adding that across 54 national teams, only 16 per cent of head coaches and 19 per cent of assistant coaches were female, according to Sport Canada data in 2016.
The problems are myriad, she says, citing gender stereotypes that don't see women in leadership roles, lopsided domestic obligations that make it hard for mothers to volunteer at evening and weekend games, unconscious biases that don't value female expertise, and few role models.
And it exists from grassroots soccer and baseball games all the way up to the elite level, adds Cayer, worrying that youngsters who encounter exclusively male coaches develop a distorted world view that can shape gender expectations both in and out of the sports world.
“My message at the grassroots level is really the importance of seeing men and women on the field coaching (and that) anyone is able to be a coach at that level,” says Cayer, noting that part of the campaign is directed at encouraging women to volunteer, even if they believe they know nothing about sports.
“There are only a few things that you need to be able to do and some clubs can do it really well, they can offer some training that is about safety and basic rules around the game and how to set up some practices, your warm up, your cool down, what that looks like and that it's about fun.”
Sandmeyer-Graves says women are better represented — although still under-represented — at the grassroots level, but that drops as you go up the levels of competition.
“Unfortunately, those are some of the most visible coaching roles, the most influential coaching roles and also the better paid coaching roles.”
Even seasoned athletes who transition to coaching can be plagued by doubts.
Back when Sinclair was an assistant coach and learned she was pregnant with her first child, she immediately thought: “My coaching career is over.”
“I wholeheartedly believed that,” Sinclair says. “And it took a lot to change my perspective of that.”
She found support at the University of Victoria and went on to ascend to the head coach position, crediting a flexible, accommodating work environment — along with strong family help at home — with allowing her to have two more kids while leading the women's basketball team.
“If the leadership within organizations aren't willing to look at it from a different perspective, I don't know if change can happen, even if we have all these great initiatives happening,” she says, noting past awareness campaigns seemed to have had little impact.
“I have a really positive example here at UVic . . . they've had to approach my job description differently than a lot of our other coaches. I've had a lot of flexibility at times to work at home and have my kids in the office with me or in the gym with me, or on the road.”
If the problem was easy to solve, it would have been done long ago, agrees Sandmeyer-Graves, wondering if it's time for government to play a stronger role.
She sees merit in tying federal and provincial funds to equity measures, a step that could motivate organizations to take intentional action to close the gender gap.
“Because what's clear is that good intentions and time just aren't enough,” she says.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
POCAHONTAS, Ill. – The Pocahontas community is trying to come together to help a family that lost their four-year-old daughter in a fire.
The house fire call came in Wednesday morning around 2 a.m. Four-year-old Hannah Nance did not make it out of the home. The other members of the Nance family were injured, but have since been released from a hospital.
The profound grief throughout Bond County is accompanied with a profound spirit of giving. Hundreds of pieces of clothing, toiletries, household items, cash, and gift cards are being collected and organized by friends of the Nance family.
"At one time, I babysat Hannah. I've had Zach., their 12-year-old, in (Boy) Scouts for about five years,” said October Weiss, one of the organizers. “And anytime you live in a small community and you have organizations, those families become family of yours."
Donations are being accepted at the Gordon Masonic Lodge in Pocahontas, at the Farmers Insurance office in Highland and at Kimmies Twisted Shears hair salon in Greenville.
"It's one of those things that anybody that heard the story … it's devastating, you know?” said Michelle Links, who works at Kimmies Twisted Shears. “I was cutting a lady's hair yesterday and she cried the whole time. It's just awful."
Meanwhile, the Nance family is staying with relatives in Collinsville while planning the Hannah's funeral.
Have your say
Joe Perry felt more like Father Christmas than a snooker player after crashing out of the Betway UK Championship this afternoon (December 8).
The Wisbech-born potter lost the first five frames of the quarter-final contest to leave himself with a mountain to climb in the best-of-11 encounter in the York Barbican.
He managed to fight back, eventually losing 6-3 and, despite the early disaster, Perry was adamant that on another day things could have been very different.
“There were a few early Christmas presents for Mr Maguire,” he said.
“It was a match of missed opportunities really. I don't know what happened, I didn't feel nervous.
“You never give up because funny things happen on a snooker table.
“I got back to 5-3 and missed a long red where I didn't expect to leave anything but the balls fell unkindly for me and he made a big break.
“If I'd have won that game who knows, but I'll never give up.”
Perry shocked sixth seed Mark Allen as he made the last eight for the first time since 2008, looking to repeat his semi-final appearances from 2004 and 2005.
But despite his long run in York, Perry felt he wasn't at full tilt at any stage in the competition.
“I've always said from the off, my game's not 100 per cent there,” he said.
“Every now and then it is but when you're playing great, every game is a good, solid performance.
“Stephen has played much better than that against me before, but he took his chances better than I did and that's all you have to do.”
Watch LIVE coverage of the UK Championship on Eurosport and Eurosport Player with Colin Murray and analysis from Jimmy White and Neal Foulds.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Swedish minnows Ostersunds FK wasted absolutely no time trolling Arsenal after drawing them in the Europa League.
The Gunners took to Twitter to acknowledge the last-32 tie, and posted a quick "see you soon" message to the Ostersund-based outfit.
Seizing an opportunity for some fun, the club's official Twitter account quickly responded to Arsenal with a cheeky tweet.
"See you at Jamtkraft Arena in February," read the tweet.
(Image: David Price)
"Please make sure that [Arsene] Wenger has fixed his jacket before traveling, it's going to be cold in Ostersund."
The comment was accompanied by a GIF of the Gunners manager struggling with the zip on his jacket - something Wenger has had an abnormal amount of trouble with over the years.
Ostersunds FK are led by former York defender Graham Potter, who made one appearance for England Under-21s in 1996, before taking over as manager of the Swedish club in 2011.
Potter has overseen a remarkable rise, taking the Jamtland region side all the way from the fourth tier to European football - and they won't want to stop at the Europa League.
At least 10 people were killed and 15 others were injured when a white rental van jumped onto the sidewalk of a busy Toronto intersection, sped down the road, and mowed down multiple victims in the way.
Alek Minassian, the 25-year-old suspect, was arrested and identified by police shortly after the attack. Police said the crash "definitely looked deliberate" but maintained that the motive was unknown.
Here's what we know about the people who were killed and injured in the attack. We will update the list as we know more.
Anne Marie D'Amico
D'Amico was the first victim to be identified in Canadian press. She worked for Invesco, an investment management firm that had offices on Yonge Street, where the white van sped down during the attack.
D'Amico's family told CBC News in a statement:
"She genuinely wanted to care for all those around her even if it meant sacrificing a portion of herself in return for others' happiness. She only had kindness in her.
"Her name has been broadcast around the world, attached to this terrible tragedy. But we want everyone to know that she embodied the definition of altruism."
Two unnamed South Koreans died, and one was injured.
play A body lies covered on the sidewalk in Toronto after the attack. (Aaron Vincent Elkaim/The Canadian Press via AP)
Two South Korean nationals died and one was seriously injured in the attack, South Korea's Yonhap News Agency reported on Tuesday, citing government officials in Seoul.
The government has contacted the victims' families and have dispatched consular staff to local hospitals and police stations to find out more information about its citizens, Yonhap added.
One unidentified male victim died while witness Diego DeMatos was trying to perform CPR on him.
play A police officer stands next to a body bag near the site of the attack. (REUTERS/Carlo Allegri)
DeMatos told CNN he tried to perform CPR on a man on the side of the street, but it was too late.
"I parked my car and went over to try to perform CPR on him but then as I am doing it, the guy I was trying to help was dead. He died in our arms," he told CNN's Erin Burnett.
Eight others were killed.
play A memorial for victims near the site of the attack. (Cole Burston/Getty)
We don't have their names yet, but will update this post when we do.
A total of 15 people were injured and taken to the hospital.
Roll on 2022: Asia seeks more World Cup shocks in Qatar
Hong Kong, Jul 4 (AFP) Asian teams weren't expected to make an impact at the World Cup but a record points haul and some stunning performances against top sides have lifted their hopes for Qatar 2022.
South Korea's 2-0 dethroning of defending champions Germany could have been viewed as a one-off, if not for Japan's heartbreaking defeat to star-studded Belgium days later in the last 16.
Iran also came desperately close to beating Cristiano Ronaldo's Portugal, the European title-holders, in another sign that smaller teams may be closing the gap on the game's traditional powers.
None of the Asian Football Confederation teams reached the quarter-finals, extending a barren run which stretches back to the 2002 World Cup in Japan and South Korea.
But Japan, South Korea and Iran departed Russia with their heads held high and positive expectations for Qatar 2022, when the World Cup returns to AFC territory for the first time in 20 years.
"The AFC nations can take great encouragement from this year's World Cup," Andy Jackson of FourFourTwo magazine told AFP.
"(They) can look forward to 2022 and an AFC-hosted World Cup in Qatar with the hope of being one of the nations causing some of the famous upsets we've seen so far in Russia." AFC teams amassed 15 points in Russia, their best showing yet -- and overshadowing Africa's representatives Egypt, Morocco, Nigeria, Tunisia and Senegal, who went home after the group stage with 11 points between them.
- 'Stand with the world's elite' -
==================================
However, Saudi Arabia, another AFC side, never recovered from their 5-0 spanking by Russia in the tournament's opening game, and Australia -- the Asian champions -- also had a World Cup to forget.
Despite looking competitive in their group games against France, Denmark and Peru, the Socceroos failed to win a game and they went home without scoring a goal from open play.
Out of the Asian teams, Japan emerged with the most credit after they reached the last 16 and were 2-0 up against Belgium with 21 minutes to go -- before the Belgians launched one of the great World Cup comebacks, clinching a 3-2 win in injury time.
"Japan showed great quality and character to battle bravely with one of the best teams in the tournament," said AFC president Sheikh Salman bin Ebrahim Al Khalifa.
"Their success exemplifies the great progress of Asian teams to stand proud with the world's elite." Japan's image was also burnished by images of their fans tidying up stadiums after games -- while a picture of Japan's spotless changing room, with a thank-you note in Russian, went viral after the Belgium defeat.
"This Japanese team and its supporters left with their heads held high and their standing and respect in world football greatly enhanced," Jackson said
Austin Bombings Investigated
Austin, TX (WOLO) —-It's been nearly three weeks since a suspicious package exploded in Austin, Texas, killing one person.
There have now been a series of similar attacks, the latest injuring two people Sunday.
Federal Investigators appear no closer to finding the person or people responsible.
ABC's Jim Ryan breaks down the very latest.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
BARLETTA
Democratic U.S. Sen. Bob Casey had eight times as much campaign money as 2018 began compared to his best-funded potential Republican challenger, U.S. Rep. Lou Barletta, according to their latest campaign finance reports.
The large gap could fuel questions about Barletta's ability to raise enough money to compete, but Barletta said he isn't worried.
“I'm pretty well on pace” with past Senate race challengers, he said.
Casey's campaign committee, Bob Casey for Senate Inc., wrapped up 2017 by raising $2,602,989 in the final quarter and finished with a cash balance of $8,657,797.
Barletta, R-11, Hazleton, a fourth-term lawmaker, had one of his best fundraising quarters ever since he first ran for Congress in 2002. His campaign committee, Lou Barletta for Senate, netted $489,683 in contributions and raised a total of $530,918. He ended the year with $1,065,495.
Two years ago, Democratic Senate candidate Katie McGinty reported ending 2015 with $1,162,688 before her 2016 run against Republican Sen. Pat Toomey. Toomey finished that fourth quarter with $9,579,017.
Barletta's cash balance was slightly lower than McGinty's then, but McGinty raised twice as much in her 2015 final quarter, $979,827, than Barletta did in 2017's fourth quarter. McGinty's campaign committee began Aug. 4, 2015; Barletta's started Aug. 29, 2017, according to online Federal Election Commission records.
Franklin & Marshall College political analyst G. Terry Madonna said Barletta still has to prove his fundraising prowess. With so many competitive House and Senate races across the country and political analysts still viewing Casey as a likely winner, Barletta could struggle to raise money as donors pick tighter races, he said.
“His biggest problem right now is Barletta has to convince the big donors, especially the PACs (political action committees), that he is making the race competitive,” Madonna said. “If he can do that, I think the money will pour in.”
Barletta attributed his fourth-quarter fundraising to Congress spending most of November and December in Washington D.C., limiting his ability to raise money. He pointed out McGinty had to raise more money because she faced a competitive Democratic Senate primary in 2016, against former congressman Joe Sestak.
Barletta faces a contested May 15 primary election, but his toughest challenger, state Rep. Jim Christiana, lags greatly in fundraising and support among Republican state committee members. Four regional Republican state committee caucuses weighed in on endorsing and Barletta received 189 of the 222 votes cast. Christiana, whose fourth-quarter fundraising was not immediately available, had only about $73,000 at the end of September.
Barletta said money won't be a problem because independent political action committees and nonprofit groups will fill in any financial gap between him and Casey.
“This will be one of the most expensive races in the country,” he said.
David Feidt, the Dauphin County Republican chairman who supports Barletta, agreed.
“I'm more than confident he can match anything (Casey has) when it comes decision-making time in the fall,” Feidt said.
State Democratic Party spokesman Max Steele portrayed Barletta's campaign as facing “serious trouble.”
“Pennsylvania Republican elected officials are right to worry that Congressman Barletta's toxic brand of politics will cost the GOP in November,” Steele said in an email.
Contact the writer:
bkrawczeniuk@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9147;
@BorysBlogTT on Twitter
Brooke Brittain, Arlington Martin girls basketball coach, will miss this season The sergeant is going to the Middle East. Brad Loper
The World Bank president said that the topics under discussion during the WGS, particularly those dealing with health and education sectors, are important. He indicated that the World Bank, in its capacity as a key partner of the WGS, is constantly coordinating with its president regarding certain arrangements to implement health and educational projects in the region and beyond.
The past year has undoubtedly been one of the toughest for the oil & gas industry in recent memory, Steve Robertson, Douglas Westwood, stated. As we enter 2017 we consider three key themes that could shape the industry over the year ahead.
A North America-Led OFS Recovery:
OFS markets are expected to bounce back in 2017 and we expect North America onshore activity to be at the forefront. These projects are characterised by short lead-times, and drilling & completion costs have nearly halved since 2014. Rig activity is recovering fast with more than 600 rigs working in the US now vs a low of 404 in late June 2016.
New offshore production systems orders to finally emerge:
Following a period of some 18 months since the last order for an offshore floating production system, it appears that 2017 will see some ordering activity at last. This includes (amongst others) FPSOs for Hurricane's Lancaster development, Exxon's Liza EPS, Petrobras' Libra & Sepia fields and a semi-submersible for BP's Mad Dog 2.
OPEC must remain disciplined to avoid oil glut:
At present we expect (based on project-byproject tracking of individual fields) an additional 1.2 million barrels per day of supply to come in 2017 from offshore production. OPEC needs to stick to its cuts to avoid a substantial overhang of production capacity and likely downward pressure on oil prices.
With Politics, NBA Speaks Its Mind
Enlarge this image toggle caption Nick Wass/AP Nick Wass/AP
Athletics as escapism makes sense. A recent New York Times op-ed writer reminded us that that talking sports offers a "way for people who have diametrically opposed politics to share a beer at a bar."
Well, if you enjoy sports only as an escape from political give and take, there's some bad news: You can no longer enjoy the NBA.
Take this past Wednesday, which began with LeBron James — the defending NBA champ — addressing Donald Trump's travel ban head on. "I stand with the many, many Americans who believe this does not represent what the United States is all about," James told The Hollywood Reporter. "We should continue to speak out about it."
That same day, Steph Curry — the defending MVP — publicly parted ways with the CEO of Under Armour, his corporate partner, who'd called Trump an "asset" to America. "I agree with the description," Curry told The Mercury News. "If you remove the '-et' from asset."
At first, this might just sound like defiance from a couple of athletes. But listen to their bosses.
Listen to Golden State coach Steve Kerr, whose own father was killed in a terror event in Beirut in 1984, discuss the travel ban two weeks ago.
"Having lost my father, if we're trying to combat terrorism by banishing people from coming to this country, it's the wrong way to go about it," Kerr said.
And there's San Antonio coach Gregg Popovich taking on America's racial divide this month.
"It's a tough one because people don't really want to face it. And it's in our national discourse," he said. "I mean, we have a president of the United States who spent four or five years disparaging and trying to illegitimize our president."
Now, basketball has not always been our most political sport. In the 1990s, Charles Barkley offered a rather different assessment of his public platform: "I am not a role model. I am not paid to be a role model."
NBA was where Michael Jordan, Barkley's teammate on the '92 Dream Team, reportedly backed away from endorsing a Democrat, saying, "Republicans buy sneakers, too." [Editor's note: This Jordan quote has been questioned as apocryphal.]
But '92 was actually a turning point.
That Olympic "dream team" exported basketball across the planet, bringing about a new age for the game and making basketball our most cosmopolitan and personality-driven sport.
Three-fourths of the league today is black. One-fourth of the league is foreign-born. Two NBA players, Luol Deng and Thon Maker, were born in Sudan, but to us they're just NBA players.
Yes, baseball may be our national pastime, and football our national addiction. But the NBA is our nation itself: an outspoken, melting pot of a family — whether you enjoy that, or not.
Dressage On A Dime Tip, right in time for late season Christmas shopping!
The testing has all been done for you – no need to waste time and money on useless fly masks that rip, tear, fall off, sit “heavy” on the horse's head, rub, break at the Velcro part, wear out the forelock or worst of all – poke in to the eyes!
This one, Shires Fine Mesh, after countless other trials with other fly masks of various shapes and brands is a winner! (Yeees, I know about Cashels, they've got nothing on this see through, fleecy-soft beauty.)
The scoop on Shires Fine Mesh Mask:
Lightweight and really flexible, even with full ears
Fleece at the seams to protect the coat.
Fine mesh; see through at the eyes which is great especially for horses living in herds for ease of communication.
Anatomical design, with the eye area sitting steadily away from the eye.
from the eye. Lasting closures – no flimsy thin velcro that won't close after a summer's use, and not so tight you have to work with the fingertips to be able to pull it apart.
Fabulous thick white fleece on the inside crown piece; the mask wears “cooler” and doesn't rub as much as other masks
First fly mask so far where the ears lasted a full 6 months of 24/7 wear in a pasture with lots of trees, brush, and other horses. In fact, the ears are still intact!
Find it here:
https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B06X99PYD5/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o07_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
Disclaimer: Hey, they don't pay me to tell you any of this stuff. (Hello?! That would be nice!) You can find the Shires mask in several online stores, I just stuck a link to Amazon in there to not play favorites. Or, even better, support your local tack store and pay them a visit!
With New Law, Illinois Stylists Join The Fight Against Domestic Violence
Enlarge this image toggle caption Getty Images/Westend61 Getty Images/Westend61
In an effort to take advantage of the intimate relationships between stylists and their clients, a new law in Illinois will require salon professionals to receive training in domestic abuse-prevention as part of their licensing process.
The law, which goes into effect Sunday, aims to educate beauty professionals to recognize signs of abuse. But stylists won't be required to report violence, and are protected from any liability.
The legislation was introduced by state Rep. Fran Hurley, who told the Chicago Tribune, "There's an openness, a freeness, a relationship that last years or decades between the client and the cosmetologist. They're in a position to see something that may or may not be right."
Joan Rowan is a hair stylist who owns two salons — one on the South Side of Chicago, and the other in Oak Lawn, Ill. She says that for many years now she's been providing training for her own staff about what to do if they think someone is in trouble.
Rowan says that clients do sometimes talk to her about what is going on in their lives. "And sometimes they tell you so much they never come back again, because they're afraid, or they're embarrassed, they don't know what to do."
"I've had women, you know, when you're washing their hair, they have bumps on their head, you know, they 'ran into a door again,' " Rowan says. "I've been a hairdresser for 41 years. One in three women have violence in their lives. So yes, I have talked to women."
The training that the stylists will receive is an hourlong "awareness and education" program called Listen. Support. Connect. It was designed by Chicago Says No More, a coalition of domestic violence advocacy groups, in partnership with Cosmetologists Chicago.
Kristie Paskvan, the founder of Chicago Says No More, says she knows that an hourlong training isn't going to make anyone an expert. "We're not asking the salon professionals to intervene. We're just asking them to have the tools in case the clients ask for information," she says.
"There's something like 88,000 salon professionals that will be trained in the next two years," Paskvan says. "That's 88,000 more individuals that will be able to have conversations with family and friends and clients, and that raises awareness about domestic violence and sexual assault."
Staff Reporter
Punjab University Dean Faculty of Life Sciences and former Registrar Prof. Dr. Muhammad Naeem Khan has again been awarded the International Professional Travel Award-2017 by the American Fisheries Society, USA. Dr. Khan has been invited as an international guest speaker to attend the 42nd annual conference of the American Fisheries Society held in University of Montana, Missoula, Montana, USA, from May 22-26, 2017, where he presented his award winning scholarly research paper entitled “Sustainable Agro-Based Earthen Pond Integrated Carp Fish Farming in Pakistan: Transfer of American Fish Feed Technologies”.
Prof. Naeem Khan has consecutively been awarded the AFS International Travel Grant Awards for years 2014, 2016 and 2017 respectively. In the last leg of his academic engagement in North America, he visited University of British Columbia (UBC) Fisheries Center to study and develop research collaboration and academic linkages between UBC and Punjab University.
Antonio DeHays, 32, admitted that the dog tags were part of the reason he had been reviewing files of pilots who crashed in Europe during the war at a National Archives facility in Maryland
"The theft of our history should anger any citizen, but as a veteran I am shocked at allegations that a historian would show such disregard for records and artifacts documenting those captured or killed in World War II," US Archivist David Ferriero said in a statement Tuesday.
"Although we have increased our security measures in recent years, this case highlights the constant threat our records and artifacts face and why the security of the holdings of the National Archives is my highest priority," he said.
DeHays could face up to a decade in prison if convicted, a punishment that is not without precedent, the Washington Post reported. In 2005, 68-year-old Howard W. Harner Jr. of Virginia was sentenced to two years behind bars for stealing Civil War-era documents from the National Archives, including letters from Robert E. Lee and Jefferson Davis.
According to investigators, DeHays' theft dates back to 2015, though the tags weren't discovered missing until this year. His first target was a downed US pilot named Henry W. Davis.
The federal criminal complaint against DeHays states that Special Agent David Berry of the Office of Inspector General came across a French-language article that featured a photograph of DeHays and Davis' dog tag, which the article said came from a private collection.
DeHays also took the rare brass dog tag of Leonard R. Willette, a member of the historic Tuskegee Airmen, according to investigators.
On May 12, DeHays asked to see box 352 at the National Archives facility, leaving after only 24 minutes. A staff member discovered 30 dog tags missing from the box two weeks later.
After executing a search warrant at DeHays' home in College Park, Maryland, law enforcement found six dog tags and other archive documents. They say DeHays admitted to selling the tags on eBay for "private financial gain."
Western Mass Pioneers head coach Federico Molinari is set to expand his coaching resume, as he will join the Western United Pioneers as director of coaching for its Developmental Academy Program.
"I'm really excited to join the Western United Pioneers as the Director of Coaching," Molinari said. "I can't wait to help these players and coaches achieve their soccer goals. 2017-2018 will be a busy year; I have big plans on how to implement my style and philosophy of coaching at the Western United Pioneers. This is also the 20th anniversary of the Western Mass Pioneers. We will have to make a big splash in the PDL to make our fans happy."
Molinari has had extensive experience as a coach -- serving as head coach of the Pioneers since 2012 while also coaching at American International College, Western United Youth Soccer and at the Farmington Soccer Association.
Molinari also holds a USSF National A, B, and C Licenses, a NSCAA Director of Coaching License, a NSCAA Regional Diploma, and a NSCAA Advanced Regional Diploma.
Ryan Gosling wears his dog's identity tags in tribute to his late canine companion.
The 'Blade Runner 2049' actor was left devastated when his "good friend" George passed away in December and currently has no interest in getting another pet.
Asked about his unusual necklace, he said: "Yeah, that's George."
And when talk show host Ellen DeGeneres asked if he'd get another dog, he looked downcast as he shook his head and said: "We'll see."
Ryan, 36, admitted George had been his constant companion over the years, no matter where he was in the world.
He said: "Almost every film, [he came] everywhere."
The 'Notebook' actor admitted he finds it hard to think of George as a dog because the pooch acted like other canines were "beneath" him.
He said: "He was 17, he passed away in December and he was a good friend to me.
"It's funny to say 'dog' because I feel like, there was something about George where I think he felt like being a dog was beneath him. He would not do tricks. If you wanted him to sit down you had to sort of convince him it was in his best interests.
"One time we were at an outdoor restaurant and he was sitting on the pavement looking forlorn down the street.
On the same day that Australia's telecommunications metadata retention regime kicked off, the nation's attorney-general also tabled a report quashing the use of that metadata in civil litigation.
The "Review of whether there should be exceptions to the prohibition on civil litigant access to retained telecommunications data" (PDF) emerged on April 13th and finds that while some law enforcement authorities like the idea of wider access to telecommunications metadata and can show it would be useful in some investigations, there's no compelling reason to do so.
On The Register's reading of the Review, its authors feel that the current method of accessing metadata in civil cases – subpoenas, notices of disclosure or court orders – works just fine because they offer lots of safeguards to ensure that parties don't use metadata frivolously or as a way to go fishing for evidence.
The Review also notes that telcos retain some data due to their new metadata retention obligations and also for commercial purposes. Untangling what data is for what purpose, and therefore accessible to civil litigants, would place an unreasonable burden on carriers.
The eight-page Review therefore reaches the following four conclusions:
Although there is a history of telecommunications data being obtained to support a modest number of civil cases, the review has received insufficient evidence to sustain a recommendation that regulations be made to allow civil litigants to access data retained solely for the purpose of the data retention scheme. The prohibition preserves civil litigants' access to data that is not retained for the purpose of the data retention scheme, while restricting access to data accumulated and used solely for the purpose of the scheme. Should evidence reveal a need for exceptions in the future, regulations could be considered at that time. This would be subject to consultation and would involve consideration of privacy issues and the impact on telecommunications providers. It would be open to the Parliamentary Joint Committee on Intelligence and Security to examine the prohibition and regulation-making power in 2019, when it undertakes its prescribed statutory review of the data retention scheme.
The decision will be welcome as the initial telecommunications metadata retention scheme was advanced as necessary to assist with criminal and national security investigations. Creating an exception to extend the scheme to civil litigation was criticised as scope creep in submissions to the Review.
But the decision doesn't mean the idea is dead: on the Review's web page we learn that "The Government will therefore not be making regulations to increase civil litigant access to retained data at this time." Which leaves open the possibility this idea will be revisited.
There's also some irony in the fact that the Review emerged on the same day that Australia's telecommunications metadata retention scheme went into operation. If your storage vendor isn't answering calls this morning, that commencement may explain why. ®
(Yonhap)
Electric vehicles using the products of Korean battery makers Samsung SDI and LG Chem were left out from government subsidies in China, it was revealed Sunday, with South Korean industry watchers suspecting that the move could be part of Beijing's retaliation against Korea's deployment of a missile defense system.Both battery makers are maintaining a wait-and-see stance to the measure. Samsung said it is “grasping the situation through its Chinese arm,” while LG is hoping “things work out well,” declining to make further comments.Thursday morning, the Chinese government announced a list of 498 eco-friendly car models eligible for subsidies. But in the afternoon of the same day, it suddenly announced a new list, excluding five models using batteries from Samsung SDI and LG Chem.The cars include Shaanxi Automobile's electric truck, Dongfeng Motor's electric truck, Shanghai GM's Cadillac hybrid vehicle and SAIC Motor's hybrid cars, which all use batteries from the Korean firms.The measure is viewed by industry watchers as retaliation against the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense anti-missile system deployment in Korea, considering the two firm's global competitiveness and battery production capacity in the nation.In 2015, LG Chem built a battery plant in Nanjing, eastern China, capable of supplying batteries for 100,000 electric vehicles. In the same year, Samsung SDI also built a plant in Xian, central China, capable of providing batteries for 150,000 electric vehicles.The revised list of 493 models include around 50 models using Chinese batteries, which have not yet been certified by the government.“EV makers are not able to have a competitive edge without government subsidies because the cost of batteries takes up around half of total EV costs. The continued exclusion has made Samsung and LG's plants in China not (able to) operate at (their) full capacities,” said an industry source, who declined to be named.By Shin Ji-hye (shinjh@heraldcorp.com)
After his trailblazing Olympic exploits in 2016, it is quite something to hear Adam Peaty say 2017 was more successful as he aims to get even better.
Peaty became Britain's first gold medallist of the Rio Olympics with 100 metres breaststroke victory in a Beamonesque world record of 57.13 seconds.
Adam Peaty celebrates during the medal ceremony after setting a new world record in the men's 100-metre breaststroke final at the Rio Olympics. Picture: AP/Michael Sohn)
He recorded the second quickest time in history, 57.47secs, in winning the 2017 world title in Budapest in July, before clocking two world records in a day en route to adding the 50m breaststroke crown. His rivals are trailing in his wake.
Yet having moved house and training base and taking two months off to revel in the successes of his first Olympics, Peaty is more satisfied with his return from 2017 than 2016.
“I'm more pleased with this year,” said the 22-year-old.
“I think it's been a much better year. As a whole it's been very, very good, very successful.
Last year I had two months off. This year I've had two days, pretty much. Adam Peaty
“The 100 was a little bit off my best, but that will come back with a full winter training, which I'll have this year.
“Last year I had two months off. This year I've had two days, pretty much.”
And it is that work ethic – overseen by his coach Mel Marshall having followed her from Derby to Loughborough – that is behind his past successes and will result in further success down the line.
“It's all about a building block,” Peaty added. “How can we get better in 2018, how can we get better in 2019 and peak in Tokyo?”
For Peaty, it is now about winning again.
In 2014 he burst to prominence by winning Commonwealth and European titles. Four years on, he will be seeking to repeat and extend a lengthy unbeaten streak.
But his 2017 campaign continues this week in Copenhagen, where Peaty has opted to race instead of the national Winter Championships in Sheffield.
Peaty will be the overwhelming favourite to win the European Short-Course Championships which starts tomorrow and has more than one eye on the world records held by Cameron van der Burgh.
The South African's 50m best in the 25m pool is 25.25 and 100m 55.61, and Peaty's confidence comes from being close to those marks over the 50m, Olympic-sized pool.
The Briton added: “I'm actively seeking the next world record – whether I get it next week or whenever.
“I haven't had a full taper this time, so my body's not in proper race mode.
“A full taper for us is three or four weeks. I've had a week and a half. I think short course you can get away with it a bit. It will be interesting.
“I'm never going to say never, but I'm not going to put any pressure on myself.”
Peaty is one of the 12 contenders for the BBC Sports Personality of the Year prize, shortlisted for a second straight year.
Asked who he would vote for, Peaty said: “Probably Anthony Joshua. The way he changed the sport, lifted it up, especially the heavyweight division. He's a really nice guy. I think he's got a really good chance of winning it.”
TORONTO — Citytv has picked Roger Petersen as the new co-host of Toronto morning show "Breakfast Television."
Petersen joined co-host Dina Pugliese on Wednesday as he stepped into the role vacated by Kevin Frankish in May.
Rogers Media, which owns Citytv, said Petersen will be familiar to viewers of the station.
He's covered several major local stories as a news reporter, including the Toronto van attack earlier this year, SARS and the Papal visit.
TOP SPOT: Jetty Beach will be a hot spot for people looking to cool off this week.
TOP SPOT: Jetty Beach will be a hot spot for people looking to cool off this week. Trevor Veale
THE Bureau of Meteorology has forecast heatwave conditions for NSW this week.
Coffs Harbour is likely to experience these conditions from Wednesday.
The three-day heatwave forecast for Wednesday -Friday, December 13-15, 2017. BoM
According to the BoM, heatwave conditions are expected to move across Australia from the Kimberley in Western Australia.
The three-day heatwave forecast for Thursday-Saturday, December 14-16, 2017. BoM
Severe heatwave conditions are forecast to expand through the interior of Queensland and northern NSW from Thursday and continue until Sunday.
The three-day heatwave forecast for Friday - Sunday, December 15-17, 2017. BoM
Coffs forecast
Tuesday: 27 degrees (maximum)/18 degrees (minimum). Partly cloudy with a slight (30 per cent) chance of a shower in the morning and light winds.
Wednesday: 28 degrees/18 degrees. Sunny with a five per cent chance of rain.
Thursday: 30 degrees/18 degrees. Sunny and no chance of rain.
Friday: 30 degrees/19 degrees. Partly cloudy with a slight (30 per cent) chance of a shower.
Saturday: 31 degrees/20 degrees. Partly cloudy with a medium (50 per cent) of showers most likely later in the day.
Sunday: 30 degrees/20 degrees. Partly cloudy. Medium (60 per cent) chance of showers most likely later in the day.
French billionaire, Vincent Bollore, was on Tuesday, April 24, detained near Paris over alleged corruption in West Africa.
The police questioned Bollore over his group's acquisition of rights to operate ports in Africa, legal sources told AFP.
The business tycoon, who only a few days ago stepped down as chairman of media giant Vivendi, was allegedly involved in corrupt business practices in the African countries, including Nigeria, where he owns transport and logistics businesses that boasts of 25,000 employees.
The 66-year-old CEO of the Bollore Group, which also has interests in construction, media, advertising and shipping, was taken into custody as part of an investigation into the group's management of Lome port in Togo and Conakry port in Guinea, reports said.
Shares in his holding company Groupe Bollore SA fell around six percent on the news of his police interrogation, while shares in Vivendi also fell around one percent.
Local press reported that Bollore was being quizzed in Nanterre, on the western outskirts of Paris.
But Bollore group as a company denied any wrongdoing.
"The Bollore group formally denies that its subsidiary at the time SDV Afrique is guilty of any irregularities," said a statement later sent to AFP.
ISLAMABAD : Defence Minister Khurram Dastgir Khan on Saturday said that Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz (PML-N) government through its prudent policies has put the country on the path of economic growth and development.
In an interview to a private news channel, he said economic activities have gained momentum due to improved security situation and decline in terrorist incidents.
The Minister said Pakistan's soft image as emerging economy has also improved.
Khurram Dastgir said the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) is a game changer for Pakistan and the entire region and nobody will be allowed to make it controversial”.
“China and Pakistan relations are unique of its kind; we have blood to blood relations, generation to generation, we want that relations between two countries should progress more and should be stronger like iron,” he added.
He further said, “we are not afraid of our opponents' nefarious designs and will continue our journey to provide relief to the masses”.
Orignally published by NNI
This is an entry in an ongoing series for 303 Magazines, which will provide a range of local album reviews. It is our intention to highlight the talents of local musicians, whether veterans to the industry or newcomers. Like the bands, the album can be fresh or something we just haven't had the power to take off repeat in the past few months. Check out previous entries in the series here.
Paint has to grace a canvas, fabric has to be cut and a guitar has to be strung. A masterpiece has to start somewhere — and for Paul DeHaven, the blood, sweat and tears put into an album are “art unto themselves,” as he puts it, not just as a finished product.
DeHaven is a staple of Denver's music scene, as the former guitarist of Paper Bird who broke up in 2017. He was also a part of alt-rock band Eye & The Arrow. The biggest challenge he is facing as a solo artist is simultaneously working as an independent artist. “In some ways, it's just me out here on a limb,” he confessed. “Luckily, I've had some major experience with this whole music thing.”
DeHaven's first solo album King of Gold — to be released tomorrow, July 5 at Hi-Dive — ventures to place his previous group-work didn't dare. He said this is not by design but rather because the work is a fuller expression of him and not a democratic collaboration with a group. He bends genres far more, and it is clear how personal the content comes. The new project may hinge on the past but he doesn't let it hinder his new sound. Furthermore, the eight-track release is the best reintroduction to DeHaven the music scene could have asked for, though he never left.
“It was really good for me as an artist to take the reigns, be independent and make bold decisions and stick with them. You know, wandering through the soup of self-doubt and coming out the other side unscalded,” he said. “I got to try out every stupid idea, and keep the good ones, and go down every rabbit hole. Which probably takes longer, but I wasn't beholden to anyone's time but my own. So that is okay by me.”
He struck ore with “No Gold.” The gravelly vocals are a road-worn prize, working overtime for the listener. Known as a guitarist, DeHaven relishes in the opportunity to use his voice. “This was my chance to let my voice be heard and sing from the heart, and really craft a collection of songs that worked together, from a similar perspective, with a — I hope — cohesive theme,” DeHaven said.
A Western swankiness takes hold of “Fountain Of Youth” — a sound remiss since classic folk. Less of a cowboy and more of an engineer, DeHaven wrote, produced and performed every song on the album. It is a joint effort between the many facets of his history — both musical and personal. King of Gold is a pensive reclamation of DeHaven's musical dexterity. His vocal cadence sounds like gritty honey, both sweet and sharp. He thought out every instrumentation, planned to a degree of imperfect perfection popular within alternative-folk stylings.
“Self-reliance is a huge theme of King of Gold, so in a way, it's fitting that the process matches,” DeHaven spoke of his work. “The song ‘No Gold' screams and screams ‘there is no gold out there.' The implication is that the gold lies within.”
﻿
He hasn't lost his penchant for guitar either. DeHaven's guitar sets the tone for each track it graces. The riffs meander along the album. Each melody plays with individuality, never stepping on the toes of mundanity. Yet, it all works together in harmony — just as he hoped.
“King of Gold is my attempt to alchemize the loss and disenchantment of our age and turn it into something real,” he said of the inspiration behind the album. “If not beautiful, [it's] at least real and truthful, both with the loss of my band — which contained a big part of my identity for the past decade — but also in the grander scheme of the modern world [and] the death throes of materialism. It is the death for value, and the evaluation of value, with the goal of finding what really matters — what is true and beautiful and what has meaning and value. I don't think the record offers any answers. And I'm okay with that. I think it's a question everyone has to ask themselves and find their own answers.”
Go here for tickets to the release party on July 5 at Hi-Dive also featuring performances by Porlolo and Anthony Ruptak.
Born and bred Peterborian and ex-JLS superstar Aston Merrygold has been revealed as the latest contestant for the next series of hit BBC TV show Strictly Come Dancing.
The 15th series of the BAFTA award-winning entertainment show produced by BBC Studios will return in the autumn on BBC One putting the sparkle back into Saturday and Sunday nights.
Aston said: “I'm so happy to be joining Strictly 2017, it is such a brilliant show and I've followed it for years. I'm both nervous and excited to learn from the professionals about a whole new way of dancing.”
Aston is friends with and went to Jack Hunt School with Olympic gymnast Louis Smith, who won Strictly Come Dancing in 2012.
Aston joins Simon Rimmer, Joe McFadden, Reverend Richard Coles, Gemma Atkinson, Ruth Langsford, Davood Ghadami and Mollie King who have also been confirmed for the new series.
More celebrity contestants will be announced in due course.
The Flames outshot the Golden Knights, 20-6, in the first period. But with the game scoreless early in the second, Brodie looked to clear the puck as he came from behind the net when Reaves levelled him and sent the 18,075 fans in attendance into a frenzy.
"I hope it got a little energy into the boys," Reaves said. "But big goals at big times, we needed to get the first one. We've been struggling to get the first goals the last couple of games, so getting the first one is even bigger. ... The last two games we've come out in the first period kind of lazy and waiting for the game to go, we did it again today. That's when I go and try and find a spark, whether it's a hit or a fight, or just getting in somebody's face, that's what I try and bring to the team."
Not too long after Reaves' thunderous hit, and with Vegas on the power play, Miller found the back of the net with a vicious slap shot from the point 5 1/2 minutes into the period. Vegas has scored at least one power-play goal in 18 of its last 27 games.
Less than one minute later, James Neal made a steal at the blue line, created space in Calgary's zone and fed a streaking Karlsson, who one-timed it to give Vegas a 2-0 lead.
Karlsson's second goal came after he set up near the left circle, took Jonathan Marchessault's pass from behind the net, and fired a shot that deflected off Smith's glove with just under seven minutes left in the middle period.
The 26-year-old centre completed his natural hat trick when he took a pass from defenceman Nate Schmidt in Vegas' zone, skated the length of the ice and lifted a wrist shot over Smith's blocker to make it 4-0 with 5:11 remaining in the second.
"I just got the chances and managed to bury them, turned out to score three goals," Karlsson said. "We had that hit by Reavo, kind of got the momentum swing for us and I think we played great hockey after that. Those little things that can make a huge difference."
Karlsson moved to the top of the NHL list of Swedish players with 62 points this season. Karlsson's 39 goals bring him closer to tying Henrik Zetterberg's single-season mark for a Swedish-born player, with 43.
NOTES: Calgary's Matt Stajan is now two games shy of 1,000 for his career. ... Vegas' Pierre-Edouard Bellemare played in his 300th career game. ... Gallant is two wins away from his 200th.
UP NEXT
Calgary: Visits the Arizona Coyotes on Monday.
Vegas: Hosts the Vancouver Canucks on Tuesday.
By W.G. Ramirez, The Associated Press
Gov. Samuel Ortom of Benue has appointed a new Secretary to the State Government (SSG), and sacked four commissioners.
According to Mr Tahav Agerzua, Special Adviser to the governor on Media and Publicity, the new SSG is Mr Tony Ijoho, who replaces Mr Targema Takema.
The sacked commissioners included Mr Odeh Agih, information, Mnyim Mwuese, women affairs, Nick Wende, water resources and environment, as well as Sekav Iortyom, arts, culture and tourism.
No reason was given for the action, but the governor recently promised to sack inactive commissioners.
Woman in Labor Among The Dead in South Carolina Wreck
DARLINGTON, S.C. (AP) – Authorities say a woman in labor and her unborn baby were killed along with two other people and another baby still in the womb after a SUV ran off the side of a road into a ditch in South Carolina.
Highway Patrol Lance Cpl. Judd Jones says all 11 people inside the vehicle were ejected in the wreck around 10 p.m. Friday on a two-lane road in Darlington County.
Judd says the eight people injured were taken to the hospital, but he didn't have their conditions.
Darlington County Coroner Todd Hardee said 28-year-old Chikari Douglas-Rouse was in labor and trying to get to the hospital. Troopers say the 2003 Chevrolet Trailblazer ran off the right side of the road and overturned.
The cause of the wreck was still under investigation.
Fellas, get ready because beach season is just around the corner. At times, we understand that summer can be a real sun-of-a-beach – its tortuous heat waves and unbearable humidity are nothing to laugh at. But who are we fooling? We can't deny those oh-so-sunny weekends reserved for lying by the pool or frolicking on the sand. That's why we're here to inform you about warm weather must-haves but also to make sure we've got you covered in the best swimwear for you.
To give you more insight into the world of men's swimwear, we've enlisted swimwear entrepreneur Kyle King and Tavik's Senior Men's Designer, Jordan Raths. King's seven-year career designing men's swim attire — not to mention the recent success of his eponymous swimsuit line – make him our go-to expert, while Raths 8+ years of designer experience in the biz surely make him an expert worthy of contributing to the conversation. Whether your goal is to replace an outdated swimsuit or you're curious about trying new a style, both swimwear pros believe today's choices are better than ever.
“There are so many options to choose from, which is such a shift,” he says. “I still hear guys say they can't find the right swimsuit. But that really stems from not having access to all of the options out there.There are plenty of options, but you'll have to shop online.”
And he's right: The internet is a shopper's mecca. Not only is it teeming with affordable – and body-positive – swimwear brands like Chubbies, but it's also home to higher-priced lines for those with luxurious tastes. “Higher-priced swimwear is usually more expensive because the fabrics are of a much finer quality. And more attention is paid to details, like fit and sewing quality. It's very similar to buying a suit: If you want a top-notch suit that fits like a glove…you're going to shop at a luxury suit retailer."
Swimwear Trends To Follow
Knee-Deep, On Fleek
Understanding proportions and body types is the key to pulling off any swimsuit. Let's begin with the surf-inspired board short: a popular cut defined by its knee-length inseam. This particular style is flattering for taller men, especially when it falls just above the knees. Let's just say it prevents a lengthy limb from appearing too long. However, anyone vertically-challenged should opt for shorter styles. "Knee-length swim shorts don't look so good on short guys [nor anyone overweight],” Kyle says. “Shorter lengths are better if you're short. And if you're overweight, then shorter trunks are better, as well as solid colors and vertical stripes." Also, remember: Longer doesn't mean baggier. There's nothing worse than appearing to be drowning in a board short. A snug waist along with a tailored leg always works wonders.
Functional Vintage
Retro is always in fashion. Ideal for guys who favor long-length swimwear, “this style tends to look best in 18” – 20” outseams (or falling just at the knee),” says Raths. “Vintage styling and functional details allow you to still find a silhouette that you're comfortable with in updated materials that feature various degrees of stretch, breathability, along with finishing techniques that capture the essence of a classic boardshort paired with modern details.” Consider it a must for surfers and swimmers who desire a secure waistband.
Thigh-High, So Fly
Up next, we highlight the swim trunk: a style defined by its square-cut design and mid-length inseam. According to Kyle, this style has dominated the men's swimwear market for over a decade. The swim trunk's popularity lies in its ability to flatter most body types. For instance, shorter guys gain the most advantage from this style. Let's just say an exposed thigh creates the illusion of added height. Also, heavier guys reap the rewards of a tailored cut in shorter lengths. But remember: Avoid constricting waistbands, which tend to pinch softer stomachs. You'll want to make sure you choose the perfect fit — not too tight nor too loose.
Printed Pool Vibes
Prints were designed to draw attention. Rath believes this style of pool short can make a huge statement for the summer: “Fun and loud prints do have their time and place, and that's poolside.” Men should search out printed styles that can be worn “above the knee or at a slightly shorter length with an elastic waistband short versus an all-out performance boardshort.” He also recommends a more tonal and subdue print with water-activated prints that show when in contact with water.
Keepin' It Brief
Defined by its skin-tight fit and barely-there design, the swim brief (in all of its glory) leaves little to the imagination. Unfortunately, many guys think they need to have an incredible physique to actually wear a pair. But, contrary to popular opinion, it's time to wake up and smell a Speedo. "Honestly, I think any guy can pull of the brief-cut swimsuit,” Kyle says. “Of course, it's going to look more flattering the more in shape you are, but don't all swim trunks? We really have to get over this notion that if you're not in crazy good shape, you can only wear really baggy shorts. Look to the '40s, '50s and '60s: You'll see all body types wearing swim briefs. And it's really about the attitude [you have] while wearing them."
Environmentally Aware
Not every man cares to have his trunks made from premium fabrics such as high-density polyamide. Those who actually find more value in saving the planet can do their part by sporting some cool eco-friendly swimwear. More swimwear brands are creating swim trunks out of recycled and sustainable materials. “Advancements in technology and a heightened sense of sustainability have resulted in an array of new material options that not only look good on, but are also environmentally friendly,” states Raths. Numerous styles from “just-above-the-knee board shorts to barely-there swim briefs” are becoming easily accessible online and super-affordable.
Whether you are a brief or trunk kind of guy, technology is presenting designers and brands with possibilities to produce excellent swimsuits at more affordable costs. From just-above-the-knee board shorts to barely-there swim briefs, we break down the most popular swimwear styles that will create the biggest splash on the beach.
A financial analyst, tied to a bed, strangled, and stabbed to death. A disco manager, stabbed 100 times in his blood-soaked apartment. A part-time lecturer at the University of Toronto, found naked with stab wounds to the back and chest. These gay men are counted among eight similar unsolved murders in Toronto between 1975 and 1978. The recent arrest of Bruce McArthur on five murder charges may feel like a case of déjà vu for some in the Church and Wellesley Village who wrestled with the unanswered question of whether these men were being preyed upon by a serial killer four decades ago. Fourteen gay men were murdered in that period, the Star reported then, but those eight cases are cold to this day. There are close to 600 cold cases in Toronto. With active crime scenes taking precedence as police continue to comb through the properties of McArthur's landscaping clients, revisiting cold cases is a secondary priority in the investigation, said Det.-Sgt. Stacy Gallant of Toronto Police's Homicide Squad Cold Case unit.
Article Continued Below
“We have to look at each one and see … is it worthy of further attention to see whether or not there could be something there linking it to him,” he said. Read more:
A drag queen gets pelted by eggs outside St. Charles Tavern in the 1970s. ( Gerald Hannon / Canadian Lesbian and Gay Archives )
Opinion | Shree Paradkar: Gay Village disappearances and police behaviour show ‘whose lives are disposable and whose lives are not' LGBTQ community wonders why arrest took so long after racialized men had been disappearing for years Gallant's unit is equipped with information from databases including ViCLAS, the Violent Crime Linkage Analysis System, and national DNA banks. These tools flag similarities in crimes that can notify investigators to possible connections. “We have many cases that are being brought to our attention, in addition to the review we were already doing of outstanding cases. It's simply not possible for us to confirm or deny a connection to every single one at this point,” the Toronto Police Service's spokesperson, Meaghan Gray, wrote in an email. McArthur would have been between about 23 and 26 years old at the time of those deaths. At the time, the cases bore eerie resemblances to each other.
Residents of the Church and Wellesley Village wrestled with the unanswered question of whether men were being preyed upon by a serial killer four decades ago.
“There have been a series of very similar murders in Toronto in which gay men have been tied up, brutally beaten and killed,” reads an October 1978 issue of the Body Politic, a now-defunct LGBT magazine. For the solved murders, police found motives of robbery, fights over payment for sex and violent assault, according to TBP. But in the cold cases, the community continued to wonder what happened to those men, with a February 1979 issue of TBP positing: “Could they have been committed by one man? The police aren't saying. But the crimes do show a certain similarity.” Robin Rowland, an author and former journalist now based in British Columbia, said it was the high-profile murder of bar owner Alexander “Sandy” Romeo LeBlanc in 1978 that tapped into this fear in the burgeoning Village community. “If you went to the bars, you very seldom saw the cops. After that one murder, you would see the uniforms from 52 Division doing walk-throughs through the bars,” he said. Rowland, who was in his early 20s at the time, said he was just coming out in the gay community at the height of these murders. At that time, the suspected serial killer had been dubbed the “Mad Stabber.”
People in the Gay Village suspected they were being stalked by a serial killer in the late 1970s.
One of the most common complaints heard from both customers and professional critics alike about restaurants is noise.
When dining establishments are busy most are beset by background din that can make enjoying a meal difficult. Not only is it usually necessary to use one's "outdoors voice" to carry on a conversation; on romantic occasions like Valentine's Day, it's nearly impossible to whisper sweet nothings to your dining companion.
Traditional approaches to sound control in dining environments have relied on selecting appropriate environmental surfaces - carpeting, drapery, sound-absorbing ceiling treatments, and the like.
Apart from the costs of such decorative elements, both in their initial installation and their on-going maintenance, the result of such remediation is often to make the restaurant too quiet, sapping the life and vitality out of the eatery's ambiance. A truly "comfortable" dining environment, it seems, isn't about silence. Instead, the background noise needs to be managed in such a way as to create a pleasant "buzz" that lends a space vitality without precluding civilized, at-the-table conversation.
Meyer Sound, a Berkeley, California-based firm that has built an international reputation for sound-management technology in concert halls and entertainment venues, has recently developed and installed versions of its Constellation sound management system in several high-end California restaurants.
The operating dynamics of the Meyer Constellation system are complex, but the setup basically uses an array of microphones, speakers, mixer controls, and noise absorbing panels to create a sound envelope that's neither "dead" nor "deafening," no matter how busy a restaurant might be.
The result is a dining experience that customers describe as "comfortable" and in which servers enjoy working, since the latter can now easily hear and understand what patrons are saying.
Constellation isn't inexpensive to install, but it appears to offer a real solution to a nagging restaurant industry problem - dining room noise.
Side Dishes:
The February session of the Munich Hops Club will be held at the Munich Haus Restaurant in Chicopee on Wednesday, February 21 starting at 6 p.m.
Brauhaus Riegle Speziator Hell is the month's featured beer, a doppelbock style brew with a rich golden color and smooth mouthfeel.
As is customary, the Munich Haus culinary team will be preparing a buffet dinner designed to complement the featured beer. Tickets for the event are $15.95 and include both the buffet and a stein of Speziator Hell. Tax and gratuity are additional.
Advance ticket purchase is required; contact the Munich Haus at (413) 594-8788 for more information.
Joe Stevens of the Hofbrauhaus sent word of his upcoming 23rd annual Game Dinner.
Scheduled for February 22 at 6 p.m., the Game Dinner Buffet will include an appetizer table displaying beer-battered alligator with chipotle aioli, a country pate, venison liver mousse, and Joe's own-recipe smoked salmon and bluefish pate.
Among the entree selections planned for the buffet spread are mixed game lasagna, a venison osso bucco, assorted game sausages served over weinkraut, and a chef-carved boneless leg of wild boar. Accompanying these will be side dishes such as red cabbage, spaetzle, butternut squash, and a mixed green salad.
Stevens is also promising a selection of cakes and pastries for dessert.
The Game Dinner is priced at $55 per person not including tax or gratuity.
Reservations may be made by calling (413) 737-4905 or emailing Liz@hofbrauhaus.org.
Stevens has also tweaked his menu offerings this winter to provide some casual options in the restaurant's Rathskeller. Available weeknights from 4 p.m. until 9 p.m. (the purchase of a beverage is required), the calendar of specials includes a Tuesday Burger Night creation Stevens is calling the Burger Bomb. A steak burger topped with cheese, onions, weinkraut, and bacon before being wrapped in pastry and deep-fried, the "bomb" is served in a bowl of goulash.
On Friday evenings the Hofbrauhaus is going "Baja," serving fish or shrimp tacos.
The winter season specials lineup also includes a Wednesday Wing Night and a Thursday Pasta Night special.
On Feb. 24, Teresa's Restaurant in Ware will be hosting "Bennie and The Jets," an Elton John tribute starring Greg Ransom.
The evening begins with a 5 p.m. cash-bar cocktail hour at which complementary cheese, fruit, and crackers will be served. A six-course family style dinner of Teresa's menu favorites will begin at 6 p.m.
Showtime is 8 p.m. Tickets are $45 per person and include tax and gratuity. Call (413) 967-7601 for reservations or information.
Lattitude Restaurant in West Springfield has announced the return of "Storytellers Unplugged," a series of musical evenings in which local musicians tell the stories of their lives in music.
Planned for Friday evenings through April 27, the series will begin on February 9 with the Kostanski Brothers: Rick & Brian.
Each program runs from 7 p.m. until 10 p.m. and is held in an intimate lounge setting. A full dinner menu is available; there is no cover and no reservations are required.
Contact Lattitude Restaurant at (413) 241-8888 for more details.
The View Restaurant at the Crestview Country Club in Agawam is getting a head start on the Valentine's Day celebration with a special four-course menu for Friday, Feb. 9 and Saturday, Feb. 10.
The dinner packages include starter, soup or salad, entree, and dessert along with a bottle of wine for two. Priced at $79.50 per couple plus tax, the menu offers entree choices of beef Wellington, baked halibut, scallops beurre, or cashew chicken. Live music will also be part of the dinner experience.
On February 11 from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m., The View will be offering a Valentine's Sunday Brunch featuring entree specialties such as Cheddar scrambled eggs, blackberry flank steak, chicken francaise, and pasta marinara. A complimentary strawberry mimosa is also included.
For information about, or to make reservations for, any of these three events, contact The View at (413) 786-2593.
Feb.9 is National Pizza Day, the day of the year set aside for one of America's most popular food items. It's estimated that over 100 acres of pizza are consumed daily in the U.S., helping make pizza a $32 billion-dollar-a-year business.
The most-ordered of pizza toppings is pepperoni, followed by sausage, mushrooms, and onion. Biggest pizza sales day is Super Bowl Sunday; New Year's Eve, Halloween, and the night before Thanksgiving are also among the top five pizza-consumption occasions.
Many pizza chains are offering special deal on National Pizza Day. Offers.com, a web site that tracks consumer deals associated with all sorts of holidays, lists some of the available National Pizza Day bargains.
Hugh Robert is a faculty member in Holyoke Community College's hospitality and culinary arts program and has over 40 years of restaurant and educational experience. Please send items of interest to Off the Menu at the Republican, P.O. Box 1329, Springfield, MA 01101; Robert can also be reached at OffTheMenuGuy@aol.com
Noted aviator and actor Harrison Ford flew his private plane over a jet airliner on the ground at a Southern California airport Monday. It's not the first time the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star has had problems landing.
The 74-year-old Ford was instructed to land on a runway at Orange County's John Wayne Airport but mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over a Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members.
On a recording, Ford asked air traffic controllers, "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" according to NBC News, which first reported the incident.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor said the pilot heard and read back the correct landing instructions, according to The Associated Press. Gregor did not confirm it was Ford who was piloting the plane, a single-engine Aviat Husky. The AP reports that he didn't say how close Ford's plane came to hitting the jet on the ground.
No one was injured and the jet, American Airlines Flight 1456, took off for Dallas shortly after without incident.
The FAA is now investigating, which "could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford's pilot's license," NBC reports.
Ford collects vintage planes and has been flying for decades. According to NPR's Russell Lewis, Ford is "a highly-skilled and highly-rated pilot. He's qualified to fly single and twin engine planes, seaplanes, helicopters and he's also an instrument-rated pilot." In 2015, Ford said he owned "eight or nine various types of airplanes," according to NTSB documents posted on AirSafe.com.
Ford reported on a medical certificate application that he had logged at least 5,200 flight hours, according to the NTSB.
He was a 2008 honoree and received the Legends Aviation Legacy Award from Kiddie Hawk Air Academy, and subsequently had an award named after him.
Ford was seriously injured in March 2015 when he crash-landed a restored World War II-era trainer plane on a golf course near the Santa Monica Airport shortly after takeoff. A National Transportation Safety Board report found the crash was caused by a loose engine part.
In 2000, Ford's plane "departed" a runway in Lincoln, Neb., because of a gust of wind, according to AirSafe.com. He was flying a Beechcraft Bonanza which "sustained minor damage," though Ford and his passenger were not injured.
And in 1999 he crash-landed a helicopter during a training flight in Ventura County, near Los Angeles, according to the AP. "Although the helicopter rolled over on its left side, neither Ford nor the instructor were injured," AirSafe.com notes.
How Monopoly Man Won The Internet
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Wilson/Getty Images Mark Wilson/Getty Images
Monopoly Man became the Internet crush of the day on Wednesday, after upstaging former Equifax CEO Richard Smith at a Senate hearing on the company's massive data breach.
The board game character, whose name is Rich Uncle Pennybags, was brought to life by Amanda Werner, an arbitration campaign manager for Public Citizen and Americans for Financial Reform, groups that advocate for consumer rights and protections.
Almost immediately, the monocle, mustache, top hat, pillow case-sized bag of (#fake) Benjamins became a social media sensation.
The most unlikely viewers tuned in to the Senate Banking Committee hearing to watch Werner troll Smith, who was facing a roomful of angry senators after a hack that may have exposed the personal information of more than 145 million people.
People loved it.
"It was a very calculated move," said Werner, who prefers the pronouns "they" and "them," adding that it was hilarious to watch the scene become a meme in real time.
Werner mugged and preened for the camera and somehow, in a week dominated by sad and distressing news, gave people what they didn't know they wanted: a delightful reprieve.
Here's how Werner staged the viral protest — without getting kicked thrown out of the Capitol.
An alarm and an intern
Werner has attended a slew of Senate hearings and has even provided pro-consumer rights testimony in some cases. That is how the activist knew that getting on TV is all about location, and staying within the camera's frame.
The problem is that seats in the audience tend to fill up quickly, Werner explained.
"Luckily we have a very dedicated intern here," Werner said. "He showed up at 7 a.m. and held a spot in line for me so that we could get that prime seat." The one directly behind Smith, who was the target of the grilling.
Apparently, the intern was the first person in line.
During the hearing, Werner followed #MonopolyMan's rise to stardom in real time on a phone. Over Twitter Werner was able to figure out the best angles as their head floated in and out of the camera's view — at one point Werner peered over Smith's shoulder using the monocle to inspect the back of the millionaire's head; at another point they knowingly stroked the perfectly shaped mustache glued to their face.
Honed tone
Werner set out to garner as much publicity as possible for the type of advocacy work Public Citizen does on behalf of consumers.
"We wanted to do something to get people's attention," Werner said of the hours-long photobomb, adding that people's eyes tend to glaze over when anyone utters the words "forced arbitration."
Knowing that is the catalyst for coming up with creative protest ideas, Werner explained.
They added that given the somber tone of news coverage around the deadly shooting in Las Vegas this week, the goal was to inject a little humor into public discourse.
"I think this week has been a particularly rough week on the American psyche so I think people needed a little bit of levity," Werner said.
It certainly inspired tens of thousands of happy face crying emoji's on Twitter and on Facebook.
The decision to go the funny-route is in stark contrast the health care protests on Sept. 25 during a hearing on the most recent Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. Demonstrators began chanting, delaying the start of the hearing. Fifteen people were arrested and charged with "Disruption of Congress," according to U.S. Capitol Police. Dozens, staging die-ins in the hallway, were arrested and charged with "crowding, obstructing or incommoding."
"There are a lot of different methods of protest and they all work for different instances," Werner said. "You have to decide which is the best for your particular situation."
Ultimately, Werner argued, a good protest leads to action. The notoriety is great to call attention to the cause, they said. But Werner added, "I hope that the effort [Wednesday] will make people not only laugh at the Monopoly Man and retweet these funny pictures but also to call their senators and tell them to vote no on SJ Res 47."
The bill would overturn a new rule intended to ban financial service providers, including banks and credit card companies, from using mandatory arbitration clauses to resolve their disputes and avoid class action lawsuits.
Fashion statement, not statement statement
There are certain lines that members of the audience at committee hearings cannot cross. They do not appear to be listed on the Capitol Police website, but here are a few guidelines that Werner has collected.
Wearing a costume? That's allowed.
Werner was a little concerned that the Capitol Police would not allow the top hat, but they didn't give it a second look.
In fact, Werner recalls hearing a story about another demonstrator who dressed as Abraham Lincoln, complete with the beard and requisite foot-long stove pipe hat, and legend has it he was also allowed to wear throughout the proceedings.
Holding up a sign? That is against the rules and can get people thrown out.
Werner knew that going in, but that didn't stop them from briefly holding up a yellow "Get out of jail free" card that appeared on screen a few times. "I didn't hold it up long," Werner confessed.
"I was a little afraid that as I was wiping my forehead with the $100 bill or doing other things that were calling a lot of attention to myself, that I might get warned," they said.
But the only warning Werner received was for holding a giant bag of money on their lap, which they immediately set on the floor.
Another word-of-mouth tip Werner has received: Writing messages on one's clothing is permitted.
MONTEVIDEO, URUGUAY—The Canadian men's team missed its second chance to qualify for the 2019 Rugby World Cup, falling 70-60 to Uruguay after a two-game, aggregate-goals series.
Uruguay beat the Canadian squad 32-31 in the second leg on Saturday at Estadio Charrua to solidify the victory. The Uruguayan team won the first leg in Vancouver last weekend, 38-29.
Canada will have one final chance via a repechage tournament in November, likely in France. There, the 21st-ranked Canadian men will likely face several higher-ranked countries for the tournament's final berth.
Canada has never missed a Rugby World Cup. A loss to the 17th-ranked U.S. Eagles last summer marked the first time they had failed to qualify on the first attempt.
No. 18 Uruguay slots into Group D for next year's tournament in Japan as America 2, alongside No. 4 Australia, No. 7 Wales, No. 10 Fiji and No. 12 Georgia.
The latest results from Derby magistrates' court for the Belper, Ilkeston, Ripley and Heanor areas are listed below.
Motoring
Keegan Josh Parker, 18, of Whysall Street, Heanor. Pleaded guilty to knowing that a Vauxhall Astra had been taken without the consent of the owner and drove the vehicle on Wilmot Street, at Heanor. Community order to last until May 13, 2019, with an Attendance Centre Requirement. Pleaded guilty to driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence. No separate penalty. Pleaded guilty to using the Vauxhall Astra on Wilmot Street without insurance. Fined £120 and must pay an £85 victim surcharge and £85 costs. Disqualified from holding or obtaining a driving licence for six months.
Godfrey Cilia, 68, of Grange Farm Close, Sutton-in-Ashfield. Proved under the Single Justice Procedure that he failed to give information about the driver of a vehicle, namely a Mercedes V250, who was alleged to have been guilty of an offence having been required to do so by Derbyshire Constabulary at Ripley and elsewhere. Fined £660. Disqualified from holding or obtaining a driving licence for three years.
Alan Moore, 84, of Derby Road, Lower Kilburn, Belper. Pleaded guilty to driving on the A38 southbound sliproad without due care and attention. Fined £600 and must pay a £60 victim surcharge and £85 costs. Driving record endorsed with eight points.
Mataio Kiyiya Salvatore, 33, of Hallam Way, West Hallam. Found guilty of using a vehicle without insurance. Fined £660 and must pay a £66 victim surcharge and £200 costs. Driving record endorsed with six points.
Anthony Robert Bown, 60, of Norman Street, Ilkeston. Pleaded guilty under the Single Justice Procedure of failing to give information relating to the identification of the driver of a vehicle who was alleged to have been guilty of an offence after having been required to do so by Derbyshire Constabulary. Fined £400 and must pay a £40 victim surcharge and £85 costs. Driving record endorsed with six points.
Cameron Michael Clark, 22, of Pease Hill, Alfreton. Proved under the Single Justice Procedure that he was speeding. Fined £220 and must pay a £30 victim surcharge and £85 costs. Driving record endorsed with three points.
Heather Field-Enticott, 26, of Main Road, Stretton, Alfreton. Proved under the Single Justice Procedure that she failed to give information relating to the identification of the driver of a vehicle who was alleged to have been guilty of an offence after having been required to do so by Derbyshire Constabulary. Fined £660 and must pay a £66 victim surcharge and £85 costs. Driving record endorsed with six points.
Nigel Michael Dennis Finch, 25, of Stanhope Street, Long Eaton. Proved under the Single Justice Procedure that he failed to give information relating the identification of a driver of a vehicle, namely a motorcycle, who was alleged to have been guilty of an offence after having been required to do so by Derbyshire Constabulary. Fined £660 and must pay a £66 victim surcharge and £85 costs. Driving record endorsed with six points.
Christine Lloyd, 71, of Station Street, Ilkeston. Proved under the Single Justice Procedure that she failed to give information relating to the identification of a driver of a vehicle, namely a Vauxhall, who was alleged to have been guilty of an offence after having been required to do so by Derbyshire Constabulary. Fined £660 and must pay a £66 victim surcharge and £85 costs. Driving record endorsed with six points. Proved under the Single Justice Procedure that she drove a vehicle, a Vauxhall, otherwise than in accordance with a licence. No separate penalty.
Claire Mee, 43, of Stafford Street, Long Eaton. Proved under the Single Justice Procedure that she failed to give information relating to the identification of the driver of a vehicle, namely a Mitsubishi, who was alleged to have been guilty of an offence after having been required to do so by Derbyshire Constabulary. Fined £660 and must pay a £66 victim surcharge and £85 costs. Driving record endorsed with six points.
Daniel Maurice Dixon, 26, of Ploughman's Drive, Shepshed, Loughborough. Pleaded guilty to two counts of assault by beating at Asda Stores, on Midland Street, Long Eaton. Must pay £100 compensation and £300 costs. Committed to prison for 12 weeks suspended for 18 months.
Assault
John Osbourne, 28, of Broxtowe Avenue, Kimberley. Pleaded guilty to assault by beating at Ilkeston. Committed to prison for 18 weeks suspended for 12 months because incident in public car park regarded as disgraceful. Must pay £500 compensation and £85 costs.
Daniel Williams, 26, of Matlock Road, Broadholme, Belper. Pleaded guilty to assault by beating. Community order to last until May 15, 2019, with a Rehabilitation Activity Requirement up to a maximum of 20 days and 100 hours of unpaid work. Must pay an £85 victim surcharge and £450 costs.
Linzie Gray, 32, of Barlow Drive South, Awsworth, Nottingham. Pleaded guilty to assaulting a police officer in the execution of her duty at Market Place, Ilkeston. Fined £80 and must pay a £50 compensation. Pleaded guilty to assaulting a further officer in the execution of his duty. Fined £80 and must pay £50 compensation.
Other
Mark Carson Maternaghan, 53, of Ray Street, Heanor. Found guilty of intentionally touching a woman when that touching was sexual and when she did not consent. Community order to last until May 14, 2020, with a Rehabilitation Activity Requirement up to a maximum of 30 days with 120 hours of unpaid work. Must pay £300 compensation and an £85 victim surcharge and £620 costs.
Joe Yeo, 24, of Wesley Street, Ilkeston, Indicated a guilty plea to committing fraud by dishonestly making a false representation by claiming a cash card owned by someone else was his to use in order to buy online goods valued at £454.17. Discharged conditionally for 12 months. Must pay £454.17 in compensation and a £20 victim surcharge.
Emma Clarke, 38, of Nelson Street, Ilkeston. Admitted failing to comply with supervision requirements imposed after release from imprisonment by failing to attend with a supervising officer, Committed to prison for 14 days.
Simon Carl Bradley, 34, of Windermere Road, Long Eaton. Complaint for committal to prison for non-payment of council tax and costs of £5,375.28 in respect of the periods 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017. To pay £5,375.28 or in default to serve 56 days suspended.
Billy Lee Moyes, 28, of Critchley Street, Ilkeston. Pleaded guilty to damaging a Ford Fiesta by jumping on the roof and bonnet and kicking the windscreen. Must pay a £115 victim surcharge. Pleaded guilty to failing to surrender to custody having been released on bail. Pleaded guilty to being drunk and disorderly in a public place. No separate penalty. Pleaded guilty to using threatening behaviour. No separate penalty. Pleaded guilty to stealing a packet of teacakes and biscuits valued at £2 belonging to Poundland. Committed to prison for ten weeks.
Theft
Rhyce Langley, 18, of Clarence Road, Long Eaton. Pleaded guilty to stealing two legs of lamb valued at £20 belonging to Farm Food Stores. Fined £40 and must pay £20 compensation. Pleaded guilty to stealing three gammon steaks and three mini-fillets totalling £18 belonging to McColls. Must pay £18 compensation. Pleaded guilty to stealing two legs of lamb valued at £20 belonging to Farm Food Stores. Must pay £20 compensation. Pleaded guilty to stealing DVDs valued at £50 belonging to Asda Stores. Pleaded guilty to stealing eight steaks valued at £37.84 belonging to Aldi Stores. Must pay £37.84 in compensation. Community order to last until May 16, 2019, with a Drug Rehabilitation Requirement and a Rehabilitation Activity Requirement for up to a maximum of 14 days.
“We Are Doing Putin's Job For Him”: Globalist Traitor John McCain Laughably Claims That Releasing A Memo Exposing FBI Corruption Only Helps The Russians by Alex Thomas – SHTFPlan
With today's release of the so-called FISA memo, many within the government and media have been quick to attack not only the contents of said memo but also the very idea of transparency in deciding to release it to the public in the first place.
From James Comey pathetically claiming it was a nothingburger when it exposed his direct corruption, to the likes of CNN who have run continuous coverage attacking the president and Republicans for releasing the memo rather than actually focusing on its contents, it is clear that the deep state apparatus is running scared.
Now, globalist traitor and public anti-Trump critic John McCain has weighed in on the memo's release, predictably attacking the idea of transparency while once again bringing up the laughable excuse that releasing it somehow helps the Russians.
That's right, in John McCain's sick mind, exposing widespread (and possibly illegal) corruption within the FBI and the DOJ is a terrible thing because it magically helps Putin.
McCain's statement on the memo release reads:
In 2016, the Russian government engaged in an elaborate plot to interfere in an American election and undermine our democracy. Russia employed the same tactics it has used to influence elections around the world, from France and Germany to Ukraine, Montenegro, and beyond. Putin's regime launched cyberattacks and spread disinformation with the goal of sowing chaos and weakening faith in our institutions. And while we have no evidence that these efforts affected the outcome of our election, I fear they succeeded in fueling political discord and dividing us from one another. The latest attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice serve no American interests – no party's, no president's, only Putin's. The American people deserve to know all of the facts surrounding Russia's ongoing efforts to subvert our democracy, which is why Special Counsel Mueller's investigation must proceed unimpeded. Our nation's elected officials, including the president, must stop looking at this investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows. If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him.
Not only is McCain using the tired excuse that doing something that hurts the deep state in turn helps Russia, the globalist puppet is also directly shilling for Robert Mueller despite his obvious bias and anti-Trump sentiment.
While we already know McCain to be a globalist insider, he may actually have another reason for blaming Russia as he was the man who actually passed the Trump disinformation dossier to the FBI itself!
I reported on this shocking fact at the time:
In the wake of the release of a disinformation dossier on President-elect Donald Trump, it has been revealed that none other than establishment Republican John McCain was responsible for passing the document to the highest reaches of the FBI. McCain, of the apparent belief that this information was extremely important, actually passed the documents to FBI director James Comey last month, according to a report by The Guardian. “The Guardian can confirm that the documents reached the top of the FBI by December. Senator John McCain, who was informed about the existence of the documents separately by an intermediary from a western allied state, dispatched an emissary overseas to meet the source and then decided to present the material to Comey in a one-on-one meeting on 9 December, according to a source aware of the meeting,” the Guardian report reads. “The documents, which were first reported on last year by Mother Jones, are also in the hands of officials in the White House.”
When you consider the above report, it makes perfect sense that McCain would attack the memo's release for he was directly involved in the conspiracy against Trump in the first place!
With that being said, after today's memo release at least the American people will know who is and isn't working against the democratically elected president based off their own responses to this ever unfolding scandal.
Source Link – SHTFPlan
Sharing is caring!
Episode 3 of Ambitious Adventures is all about the mission. Why do entrepreneurs do what they do? Hosts Greg Rollett and Brandon T. Adams discover that a real entrepreneur's mission is bigger than doing something for yourself. A great mission is about creating something for the impact it will have on others.
During this adventure, they talk to New York Times bestselling author Joel Comm from Do Good Stuff about the transformation of his mission over time. They also hear from construction entrepreneur Derreck Stratton, whose mission changed after his daughter was born, and Christina Kalsan, whose mission revolves around taking inventors' ideas from light bulb to launch. Finally, they catch up with the next generation of entrepreneurs when they hear about the moonshot missions of YouTube star Jake Paul and 15-year-old speaker and author Caleb Maddix. What's your mission?
Find out how to make it even bigger in this episode of Ambitious Adventures.
Related: Why Some of the Best Entrepreneurs in the Country Work in Des Moines, Iowa
Entrepreneur Network is a premium video network providing entertainment, education and inspiration from successful entrepreneurs and thought leaders. We provide expertise and opportunities to accelerate brand growth and effectively monetize video and audio content distributed across all digital platforms for the business genre.
EN is partnered with hundreds of top YouTube channels in the business vertical. Watch video from our network partners on demand on Amazon Fire, Roku, Apple TV and the Entrepreneur App available on iOS and Android devices.
Click here to become a part of this growing video network.
Milan, July 4 - A bodybuilder who bit off a tax driver's ear after a parking squabble at Milan's main rail station in November is to do four months of social work, a judge said Wednesday. The man will work with a home for kids with problems of various kinds. Antonio Bindi, 29, attacked the 48-year-old taxi driver in a fit of road rage on November 28.
Depleted Peterborough United capitulated in the second-half to suffer a 3-1 League One defeat against a half-strength Shrewsbury side tonight (April 24).
It's now four defeats in a row at the business end of the season for a side who again showed mental fraility as well as a habit of making ridiculous individual errors.
Posh led through Gwion Edwards' 14th-minute goal at the break, but missed a couple of second-half sitters before self-destructing. A poorly-defended corner saw Shrewsbury level just before the hour mark before the latest in a long line of shocking errors from skipper Jack Baldwin presented the home side with a second goal 15 minutes from time.
Shrewsbury added a third goal deep into injury time. That's now a staggering 30 points Posh have lost from winning positions this season.
Before the game Posh had all but conceded League One football will be on offer again next season and hopes of ending a worrying losing run faded before kick off when news broke that top scorer Jack Marriott had joined his main supplier Marcus Maddison on the sidelines. Marriott had played in all 43 previous League One games and taken part in 54 of 55 of Posh' competitive matches this season
No Marriott, no Maddison, no chance was presumably a common throught among Posh fans. Thankfully Shrewsbury rested a few of their semior men (they only named six substitutes) and an even first half ensued as a result.
Shrewsbury had pace and power, but Posh looked sharp on the ball and passed it better. Steve Evans' men also had the best player on the park in Edwards and he opened the scoring on 14 minutes with a trademark goal.
The Welsh wizard was allowed to cut in from the left and shoot from 20 yards under little pressure. There was no surprise to see the ball nestling in the corner of the net.
Edwards was starting just his 23rd League One match of the season. What a miss he has been while on the injury list. He was a constant threat in the opening 45 minutes, helped by the mobility of Joe Ward and Danny Lloyd who were both preferred to Junior Morias up front in a 3-4-1-2 formation.
Posh had started slowly, but home midfielder Ben Godfrey wasted a second minute chance from 18 yards and Shrewsbury created little else until a free kick required a fine block from Baldwin, a decent save from Jonathan Bond from Omar Beckles and some fancy footwork from Leo Da Silva Lopes to clear.
Lloyd was denied a second Posh goal soon after the first after Ward had played him through. Goalkeeper Craig MaGillivray sped off his line to save.
Posh missed a golden opportunity to score a second goal on 54 minutes when a slick break led to George Cooper playing Da Silva Lopes through. The youngster chose power over precision though and MacGillivary made a fine save with Ward then slicing badly wide when the ball broke back to him.
And Posh were punished from a 60th-minute corner which was poorly struck, but which Ward and Edwards allowed to travel into the danger area and after a spot of pinball Omar Beckles slammed home an equaliser.
Posh should have been back in front four minutes later when a Michael Doughty cross fell kindly to Lloyd six yards from goal. He beat the ‘keeper with his shot, but it wasn't powerful enough to beat the defender on the line. A follow-up shot from Ward was saved before Cooper drilled that rebound wide.
The game developed into an end-to-end affair, but it was Posh who cracked with skipper Jack Baldwin's horrible error proving costly.
His attempted pass backwards was picked up by Stefan Payne who advanced on goal and struck a shot that was deflected off Steven Taylor into the corner of the net 16 minutes from time.
Posh visibly withed after that and substitute Lenell John-Lewis was allowed to race through and score a third goal in the 93rd minute.
Posh: Jonathan Bond: Jack Baldwin, Steven Taylor, Andrew Hughes, Leo Da Silva Lopes, Anthony Grant, Michael Doughty, Gwion Edwards, George Cooper (sub Junior Morias, 74 mins), Danny Lloyd, Joe Ward.
Unused substitutes: Mark Tyler, Chris Forrester, Lewis Freestone, Jermaine Anderson, Idris Kanu, Liam Shephard.
Shrewsbury: Craig MacGillivray, Max Lowe, Ben Godfrey (sub Joe Riley, 6o mins), Nathan Thomas, Bryn Morris, Luke Hendrie, Sam Jones, Abo Eisa (sub Arthur Gnahoua, 85 mins), Aristotle Nsiala, Stefan Payne (sub Lennell John-Lewis, 75 mins).
Unused substitutes: Jordan Henderson, Carlton Morris, Alex Rodman,
Goals: Posh - Edwards (14 mins).
Shrews - Beckles (60 mins), Payne (74 mins), John-Lewis (90 + 3 mins).
Cautions: Posh - Grant (foul), Morias (foul).
Shrews - Eisa (simulation), Godfrey (foul).
Referee: Mark Heywood 6
Attendance: 4,666 (233 Posh).
"Shane-sational": Summing up the herculean effort of the Aussie that resulted in CSK's title triumph
The brilliant 57-ball-117 by the veteran helped CSK, widely mocked as the "old men army" lift the title for the third time in IPL history
Harigovind Thoyakkat TOP CONTRIBUTOR Feature 30 May 2018, 15:19 IST 131 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
At the heart of the win
"Shane-sational!!" read the giant display screen at Wankhede, as Shane Watson smoked the ball over midwicket, his first six of the game. As he sent bowler Siddharth Kaul packing with another biggie over long-on, later in the same over, it was definitely a sign of things to come. By the end of it all, Chennai Super Kings had completed their fairytale run in the tournament, clinching the IPL title for the third time, and the burly Australian was at the heart of it all.
As mentioned, this season of CSK can be described only as straight out of a movie. Returning from a two-year suspension, the IPL scenes could have looked strange and unfamiliar, considering how much it had changed in the interim. And in all justice, the Rajasthan Royals were coming back too, in a similar fashion. However, that factor has proved to be the only similarity between the two teams, as the Men in Yellow stood tall at the end of the tournament, matching former champions Mumbai Indians in the number of IPL titles won.
As Shane Watson hogs most of the limelight right now, it's time to do a small throwback session to a Thursday a few months ago. Having bought him for four times his base price of INR 1 cr, it looked like CSK were never in doubt of Watto's abilities. But quite frankly, the rest of the world had a different opinion. He underperformed for the Royal Challengers Bangalore last season and was not deemed a decent choice. Still, hopes of an occasional "Shane-storm" kept him in the eleven, and that is exactly what he delivered - a ton against Rajasthan and a 40-ball-78 against Delhi. In all the other matches he had been relatively silent.
Being the "batting-allrounder" he attributes himself to, Watson quite notably featured more with the ball than with the bat, except on the two occasions mentioned above. He still features all-time second in the number of IPL hundreds, having scored four of them till date, in par with Indian and RCB teams' captain Virat Kohli, and two short of the man himself, Chris Gayle.
All that being said, the IPL final of this season would definitely go into Watson's career as the most important knock he has played in his lifetime. The chief architect of CSK's comprehensive victory scored his second hundred of the season, to help the Chennai franchise chase down 179 with nine balls to spare. Here we try to analyze how well-orchestrated, and perfectly planned the innings was.
In a tense chase, Watson began by playing out 10 dot balls. What was the slow start all about? Watson took the strike in the first over, against Bhuvneshwar Kumar having earned quite a notorious name of getting deceived by SRH's bowling linchpin, who can swing the ball both ways. Alternatively, Watson has also been dismissed cheaply on at least five occasions this IPL, courtesy of the swinging new-ball. One could say that this slow-start was hence pre-meditated, in an effort to consolidate himself on the crease before launching the attack. The end justified the means, after all.
His early misery did not end even after playing out a maiden in the Bhuvi over. He was kept scoreless for another four deliveries before Sandeep Sharma offered a regulation half-volley for Watson to drive forward, to get off the mark with a four. He followed it up with a couple of sixes in the next over by Kaul, and suddenly he was game-ready. By the time the storm died down, the best bowling side of this IPL looked like a pale shadow of itself.
The innings were a trademark Watson special. There were the routine smashes over deep mid-wicket for six, the pile-drivers down the ground, kneeling down and swatting the ball away for more biggies, and so on, but Watson arguably played the best over of this IPL when he literally devoured Sandeep Sharma in the 13th over of the chase, which effectively shocked SRH to their very core.
CSK needed 75 from 48 when Sandeep came back for his final over. Incidentally, the over began with a dot ball. That was probably Watson's idea of showing respect before issuing carnage all over. The next ball was a low full-toss that was crashed over extra cover for four.
Sandeep returned with a well-disguised slower-ball that Watson simply towed into the crowd behind the long-on fence. Sandeep was rattled by then, as evident from the low full-toss on the leg side he followed it up with - a big mistake, as Watson simply had to time it well into the mid-wicket stands. Next, a length ball - clobbered over long-on.
Quite notably, Sandeep bowled a wide-yorker to finish, which Watson simply squeezed into the space between short third-man and backward point. He was carrying a hamstring niggle by then, and so didn't push himself to run. He still got 27 runs through sheer power, and from then on, it was just formal proceedings for CSK.
Six balls later, he cantered to a century, to raucous applause from the Wankhede Stadium. Even MS Dhoni was on his feet clapping, and that indeed says a lot about how important the knock was. And yet Watson did not stop. He went on to score 117 off 57 after bringing his hundred in 51 balls - a strike rate of 320 after he reached triple figures.
There is no "form" for Shane Watson. There is only "his day" and "not his day", the former being much rarer than the latter. The Sunday of May 27th, however, turned out to be his day, probably the biggest of his days, and he turned tables on everyone who called his pick as strange.
Unsurprisingly, "Watto" is hardly as popular as the other match-winners that he is compared to by the commentators. It is time that we give the 37-year old enough credit for what he has done to Dhoni's team, and also to hope that he continues to do so in the coming seasons as well.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A family dog was beaten to death in front of horrified children after a man armed with a cricket bat was allegedly trying to save his own smaller pet.
The man, who was called to help after a group of dogs got into a 'play fight', beat the bigger canine over the head with the bat, eventually killing it.
Vanessa De Alvia, the owner of the dog, was at the shops near her home in Canberra, Australia, when the attack happened.
Her children had opened the door for a neighbour, who had brought round her small pug, when Vanessa's two pets escaped.
They began playing with the pug in the front yard when they appeared to become violent.
Vanessa told the Daily Mail Australia: "They [the dogs] got out and grabbed the pug.
"It looks bad in the footage but they were just playing with it like a tug of war, like she was a toy.
"My neighbour, the lady, called for her partner to help her separate them as she had the baby.
"Then 'hero with a bat' came and stated swinging [...] My son tried to tell him to use water but he ignored it, then hit my dog until she died."
The entire incident happened in front of Vanessa's horrified children.
Police are now investigating.
A spokesman for the ACT domestic animal services department said: "ACT Policing attended after the initial incident had occurred and are assisting Domestic Animal Services with the investigation into the matter."
Vanessa said she is hoping her neighbour will be held accountable for his actions, and said her son is traumatised by the incident.
She also hopes that sharing her story will raise more awareness about unnecessary violence against animals.
Shown is a file photo taken in August 1981 of Kim Jong-nam (R, front row), the half brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, together with his father (L, front row), late North Korean leader Kim Jong-il. A press statement released by the Malaysian police on Feb. 14, 2017, said a 46-year-old North Korean named Kim Chol died the previous day on his way to a hospital from a Malaysia International Airport service counter where he sought initial medical treatment. (Yonhap)
In May 2001, a man was rounded up after trying to smuggle himself into Narita International Airport in Tokyo, alongside his son and two women, using fake Dominican Republic passports.The incident introduced Kim Jong-nam, the slain older half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, to the outside world. But his yearning 16 years ago to visit Tokyo Disneyland blew his chances to succeed in the reclusive dynasty, incurring the wrath of his father and longtime strongman Kim Jong-il.Born in 1971 to Kim Jong-il and Sung Hae-rim, a married actress with whom the late leader had an affair, Kim Jong-nam spent his childhood at international schools in Moscow and Geneva, like his brothers and sisters. After his return home, he quickly climbed the regime's ladder, securing four-star general status in 1995 and chairing a state computer committee in charge of the country's information technology policy in 1998.Yet his political fate began to wane in the late 1990s after his aunt, Sung Hae-rang, took asylum in the US, following her son Lee Han-yong, who defected to South Korea via Switzerland in 1982 and was shot to death by North Korean agents in 1997. Kim Jong-nam's parents, meanwhile, had also become estranged, as the leader had started seeing Ko Yong-hui, Kim Jong-un's mother.Kim Jong-nam had since lived a life in exile, transforming himself into a vocal regime critic until allegedly being slain with poison by North Korean operatives Monday in Kuala Lumpur.Despite his fall from grace, he was believed to be managing his father's slush funds in China, Macau and other Southeast Asian countries where he also enjoyed casinos, top hotel bars and other extravagances.After the despot fell ill and his much younger half-brother geared up to take over, however, he raised his voice against a “third dynastic succession” during interviews with Japanese media. In 2011, he questioned the newly minted heir's capabilities, saying, “In that young kid's face, I can't read at all any signs of his sense of duty, prudence and agony over the nation's future.”He faced an endless series of death threats, including a botched attempt in 2010 in Beijing by an agent disguised as a defector who testified to South Korean authorities that the order came from above.Safety concerns may well have affected his absence at his father's funeral in December 2011, as well as his decision to maintain a low profile, especially since the 2013 execution of Jang Song-thaek, his once-formidable uncle and patron.Kim was last spotted in France last September and in 2013. His son Han-sol was studying at the Sciences Po university in Paris. Han-sol did a rare interview with a Finnish broadcaster in 2012, during which he called his uncle a “dictator.”Yoji Komi, an editor at the Tokyo Shimbun who built personal ties with him via emails and meetings, wrote Wednesday that though Kim refrained from political remarks due to safety concerns about his son, he had told acquaintances he was going to start speaking out against the regime again once he graduates from college.By Shin Hyon-hee ( heeshin@heraldcorp.com
Stellar winds behaving unexpectedly
Stellar wind evolution ESA's XMM-Newton has spotted surprising changes in the powerful streams of gas from two massive stars, suggesting that colliding stellar winds don't behave as expected. Massive stars – several times larger than our Sun – lead turbulent lives, burning their nuclear fuel rapidly and pouring large amounts of material into their surroundings throughout their short but sparkling lives. These fierce stellar winds can carry the equivalent of Earth's mass in a month and travel at millions of kilometres per hour, so when two such winds collide they unleash enormous amounts of energy. The cosmic clash heats the gas to millions of degrees, making it shine brightly in X-rays. Normally, colliding winds change little because neither do the stars nor their orbits. However, some massive stars behave dramatically. This is the case with HD 5980, a pairing of two huge stars each 60 times the mass of our Sun and only about 100 million kilometres apart – closer than we are to our star.
HD 5980 in the star-forming region NGC 346 One had a major outburst in 1994, reminiscent of the eruption that turned Eta Carinae into the second brightest star in the sky for about 18 years in the 19th century. While it is now too late to study Eta Carinae's historic eruption, astronomers have been observing HD 5980 with X-ray telescopes to study the hot gas. In 2007, Yaël Nazé of the University of Liège, Belgium, and her colleagues discovered the collision of winds from these stars using observations made by ESA's XMM-Newton and NASA's Chandra X-ray telescopes between 2000 and 2005. Then they looked at it again with XMM-Newton in 2016. “We expected HD 5980 to fade gently over the years as the erupting star settled back to normal – but to our surprise it did just the opposite,” says Yaël. They found the pair was two and a half times brighter than a decade earlier, and its X-ray emission was even more energetic. “We had never seen anything like that in a wind–wind collision.”
Loading... Deciphering Eta Carinae's eruptive twin Access the video With less material ejected but more light emitted, it was difficult to explain what was happening. Finally, they found a theoretical study that offers a fitting scenario. “When stellar winds collide, the shocked material releases plenty of X-rays. However, if the hot matter radiates too much light, it rapidly cools, the shock becomes unstable and the X-ray emission dims. “This somewhat counterintuitive process is what we thought happened at the time of our first observations, more than 10 years ago. But by 2016, the shock had relaxed and the instabilities had diminished, allowing the X-ray emission to rise eventually.” These are the first observations that substantiate this previously hypothetical scenario. Yaël's colleagues are now testing the new result in greater detail through computer simulations. “Unique discoveries like this demonstrate how XMM-Newton keeps providing astronomers with fresh material to improve our understanding of the most energetic processes in the Universe,” says Norbert Schartel, XMM-Newton project scientist at ESA.
Notes for Editors The paper “A changing wind collision,” by Y. Nazé et al. is published in the Astrophysical Journal, doi: 10.3847/1538-4357/aaa29c For further information, please contact: Yaël Nazé
Université de Liège
Belgium
Tel: +32 4 366 97 20
Email: naze@astro.ulg.ac.be Norbert Schartel
XMM-Newton Project Scientist
European Space Agency
Email: Norbert.Schartel@esa.int Markus Bauer
Head of the Joint Communication Office
European Space Agency
Tel: +31 71 565 6799
Mob: +31 61 594 3 954
Email: markus.bauer@esa.int
(Bloomberg) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 3:58 pm |
The millions of merchants who sell products on Amazon.com Inc. have long craved more leverage over their powerful benefactor. Now some are creating a trade association in the hopes that a unified voice will force Amazon to take them more seriously.
Organizers began pitching fellow merchants on the Online Merchants Guild last week at the Prosper Show, an annual Las Vegas conference that drew 1,900 Amazon sellers. The group is only just getting started, but has big ambitions, which include negotiating better terms with Amazon, pushing the company to respond more effectively to sellers' complaints and lobbying government officials to make sure merchants' viewpoints are being heard.
Chris McCabe, a former Amazon employee and owner of the consulting firm Ecommercechris, is organizing the guild with Paul Rafelson, a Pace University law professor. They plan to promote the group at Amazon merchant events in New York and Seattle next month. It's early days, and only about 100 merchants have expressed interest in joining the association, which levies an annual fee of between $100 and $25,000, depending on the size of the business.
Merchants have mulled such a group for years but now have an issue to rally around. In recent months, states have been warning that they plan to levy back taxes on years' worth of past sales. Merchants fear they'll be easier targets than Amazon and hope a guild will give them lobbying clout.
“There has not been one single issue to galvanize Amazon sellers like the sales tax issue,” McCabe says.
Merchants' complaints about Amazon are numerous and long-standing. With 300 million customers around the globe, including its big-spending Prime subscribers, the world's biggest online retailer wields tremendous leverage over the people who keep its web store stocked with an abundance of goods.
Amazon can dictate terms and fees with minimal input from sellers, who have to accept the take-it-or-leave-it approach because there are millions of merchants and only one Amazon. Merchants love it when the orders are rolling in. They hate it when there's a problem and Amazon doesn't seem to care nearly as much as they do because it has plenty of other merchants selling the same things.
Still, Amazon offers small businesses an easy way to access customers through its web store and vast distribution network. Amazon added more than 300,000 new small businesses as merchant partners in 2017 and over 140,000 of its merchants have annual sales exceeding $100,000.
“We have large teams dedicated to helping sellers, many of them small businesses,” Amazon said in an emailed statement. “We interact with sellers thousands of times a day through a variety of channels and will continue to make sure we maintain that open dialogue.”
Even with an organized group, merchants could find it difficult to negotiate with Amazon, which typically resists collective bargaining. The e-commerce giant has had long-running disputes with the Author's Guild and the Association of American Publishers over online book sales. And the company has managed to keep unions out of its U.S. warehouses.
Merchants are also contending with Amazon's growing political influence. The company has a big lobbying presence in Washington and relationships with state lawmakers who doled out tax breaks in exchange for building new warehouses that create jobs. Amazon's proposed second headquarters, which the company says will generate 50,000 new jobs over 15 years, has given politicians yet another reason to make nice with the online retailer.
Amazon merchants fear their voices are drowned out by the company when policy decisions are made that affect their livelihoods and the future of e-commerce. They think an association will help them lobby more effectively. In addition to sales taxes, the merchants want to advocate for better protections against counterfeit goods that run rampant on online marketplaces, as well as trade issues like international postal rates that make it cheap for Chinese merchants to ship goods directly to U.S. shoppers. Merchants fear lawmakers don't understand their business and the complexities of how Amazon operates.
“When we speak to lawmakers about how Amazon works, their eyes glaze over,” says Jamin Arvig, a guild member and organizer who has been selling water filters on Amazon for more than a decade. “Our fear is policymakers will come up with solutions that are terrible because they don't understand this business.”
Beyond e-commerce policy, merchants hope an association will help them negotiate better terms with Amazon. Common complaints among Amazon merchants are that the retailer lacks adequate staff to handle their questions and concerns, which are routed to departments that often email irrelevant responses. Sellers also fear having their accounts suspended due to unverified complaints from Amazon shoppers or erroneous complaints lobbed by marketplace rivals bent on sabotage. Amazon's focus on customers means merchants are guilty until proven innocent when a customer complains, cutting off sales for weeks while they navigate Amazon's account reinstatement process, sellers say.
Hundreds of trade associations form every decade, often in response to new threats such as technological innovation or an industry partner growing too powerful, says Lynette Spillman, a sociology professor at the University of Notre Dame who has studied trade associations. Mulch and soil producers have an association to help them negotiate with big retail partners like Home Depot, as do food equipment manufacturers that sell products to large companies like McDonald's.
“The sales tax issue, and more particularly how to handle it considering Amazon's power as a distributor, fits this sort of origin story well,” she says.
After tracking the individual using cellular telephone signals to the Quebec town of Saint-Louis-du-Ha!-Ha!, about 70 kilometres from Edmunston, officers found a man in his car with another person.
That night, the Sureté du Québec responded to a tip from the Edmunston police force about a suicidal man headed into their jurisdiction.
“It's eating away at my resources and my strength. It's not up to friends and spouses to deal with this because a government organization doesn't act,” the Edmunston, N.B.-native wrote.
Carl Jason Dunphy, 39, wrote on his Facebook page Saturday morning that he had been fighting with Veterans Affairs Canada for additional help with operational stress injuries after serving three combat tours in Afghanistan.
MONTREAL—A Canadian military veteran with post-traumatic stress syndrome killed himself Saturday in a confrontation with police just hours after complaining about the government's handling of his case.
The death of Dunphy, who served with the Valcartier, Quebec-based 5e Régiment d'artillerie légère du Canada, has sent shockwaves through the military and veteran's community.
No additional details about the other person in the vehicle or the actions that led up to the incident were released.
“The police forced them out of the vehicle, but the man quickly jumped back into the car and turned his handgun on himself,” said a statement from Quebec's Bureau des Enquêtes Indépendantes, which investigates deaths and injuries resulting from police interventions.
Paul Nichols met Dunphy in Edmunston during the tail end of a horseback ride across Canada in 2015 to raise awareness about veterans' issues.
Nichols said in an interview that Dunphy had suffered multiple concussions as a result of roadside-bomb strikes over the course of three deployments in Afghanistan and was left struggling with short-term memory as a result.
“He was just a huge-hearted man who was really just trying to find his way,” Nichols said from his farm in Quesnel, British Columbia. “He told me that he was going to ride for the ones that couldn't.”
Friend Pierre-Luc Jean, said he was worried about Dunphy after reading his Saturday morning Facebook posting and felt instinctively that it was his friend who was the subject of news reports Sunday referring to an Edmunston man who took his life later that night in a run-in with police.
Dunphy had spoken openly about his experiences during three combat missions in Afghanistan as well as his frustrations getting help from Veterans Affairs Canada.
“I'm not his oldest friend. It's only two or three years that I've known him but it has always been like that,” Jean said in a telephone interview from his home near Quebec City.
“Over the last year he's been trying to get additional psychological help. He wanted medical help as well as money for his treatments because if he wasn't able to get help (from Veterans Affairs Canada) he wanted to get it elsewhere.”
A spokesperson for Veterans Affairs Canada said the government could not comment on the particulars of Dunphy's case both because personal information is protected by the Privacy Act and because the man's death is under investigation.
“Our thoughts are with the family and friends of the deceased as well as those first responders impacted by this tragedy,” Zoltan Csepregi wrote in a statement.
The statement added: “We are working hard to ensure that each and every time a veteran comes forward with a mental health concern, they receive the support they need.”
But Nichols said Dunphy's death shows that the government's support network is still failing those who need help the most.
“Carl was in the system through Veterans Affairs. It's not like he was living in the bush somewhere on his own and decided to (end his life). He was in the system. He was an active veterans' voice in his community and I think that we could have done better.”
Our Correspondent
Hafizabad
People from diverse segments have protested against the increase in the POL prices and have called upon the government to take pity on them to relieve them from the burden which has already broken their backbone.
Vice President Pakistan Kisan Board Amanullah Chatha, Malik Shoukat Ali Phularwan, Rai Haq Nawaz, Lal Khan and Asghar Bhatti said that the POL prices have already emburdened all segments of society but recent increase in the prices have aggravated the state of affairs. They said that due to the increase the transport fares, prices of almost all the commodities and cost of food production would ultimately be further increased causing multiple problems to the masses.
The Kisan leader further said that due to increase in already high prices of diesel oil, the growers were already undergoing financial crises and present increase would further break their back. They have called upon the government to decrease the prices of POL.
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:32 Dallas Police warn against celebrating with gunfire
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
1:08 Man opens fire at DC pizzeria over fake news story
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:01 Fuel City opening in Haltom City
Bashir Ahmad Rehmani
Hafizabad
The journalists are eyes and ears of the society and the district police always appreciated the positive criticism and coordination of the local press, District Police Officer Dr. Sardar Ghias Gul said here. While addressing meet the press in the local press club here, he said that due to cooperation of all segment of society particularly media men, the district police bagged first position in the anti-crime campaign in all the 36 districts of the province.
He said that hundreds of proclaimed offenders, anti-social elements, drug peddlers, dacoits, cattle lifters, bike and car snatchers have been arrested and stolen articles worth billion of rupees were recovered and handed over to the victims during the past over a year of his posting. Moreover, hundreds of disruptive elements have been rounded up under the National Action Plan, he added. He said that no one is perfect but positive thinking brought positivity and the police emerged successful in anti-crime campaign launched in the district, which, he said, is still going on in full swing.
He said that the positive coordination of the media was one of the reasons to enable the district police to get first position in the anti-crime roadmap in the whole province. He said that he has taken several steps to purge black sheep from the police department and has been successful in changing the thana culture in this district. He urged the media to continue their cooperation in weeding out crimes and criminals from this area.
Replying to a question regarding traffic mess due to apathetic attitude of traffic police, he said that there are several stakeholders involved in the traffic hazards and it is also responsibility of the citizens particularly traders to cooperate in removing traffic mess on the roads.
BARNABY Joyce and his partner Vikki Campion have sensationally claimed they were pressured to abort their baby.
Coalition MPs have labelled the claims "ridiculous", but said they felt for the former deputy prime minister after he took personal leave amid the public backlash.
In a promotional clip for a controversial interview with Channel 7's Sunday Night program - for which the network paid $150,000 - the couple said there "were people who tried to stop the baby being born".
Confusion emerged yesterday about the length of time Mr Joyce has taken personal leave.
Barnaby Joyce and partner Vikki Campion with baby Sebastian during Sunday Night's interview. Picture: Channel 7
He tweeted he was taking leave only until June 15, which contradicts a statement by Nationals whip Michelle Landry who said he was away "until the end of June".
"Contrary to reports, I'm taking to leave until June 15 following a routine check up. The medical certificate provided allowed for a month," Mr Joyce's tweet said. "I look forward to resuming parliamentary duties.
"The electorate office will continue normal operations in this fortnight."
Ms Landry said Mr Joyce "came to me" and "requested personal leave - effective immediately, running to the end of June".
"Given his circumstances, and in consultation with the Deputy Prime Minister and the Chief Government Whip, I approved his leave request," she said.
Vikki Campion and Barnaby Joyce on Channel 7's Sunday Night program. Picture: Channel 7
In the Channel 7 clip, Ms Campion said there was "political pressure" placed on the pair to have an abortion.
"They said if you don't, they're going to come after you," she said. Mr Joyce is then heard to say: "They did."
Mr Joyce's colleagues yesterday said he was clearly under "considerable pressure".
"Who are 'they'?" one Coalition MP asked.
"We are now talking about conspiracy theories."
Mr Joyce has denied he will benefit from the interview and said the money was going into a trust for their son Sebastian.
Earlier this week, Mr Joyce said the interview was Ms Campion's idea.
Barnaby Joyce and partner Vikki Campion with baby Sebastian during Sunday Night's interview. Picture: Channel 7
It is understood Mr Joyce left Canberra after being granted the leave on Tuesday night.
Mr Joyce left his wife Natalie after having an affair with Ms Campion, who was his media advisor at the time.
Ms Campion's father Peter yesterday hit out at media criticism of his daughter, saying the "envy is palpable and sickening".
"It seems the media think it's OK to make money and score ideological points out of Baanaby (sic) and his family while prohibiting them making money and scoring ideological points out of the media," he said.
An American returnee , Chima Ordu,has been remanded in prison after he was caught taking pictures of a policewoman extorting money from motorists in the Isolo area of Lagos State .
Ordu was reported to be in a tricycle when he took a snapshot of the policewoman at the Oludegun Junction.
He was , however, caught and apprehended by some colleagues of the policewoman , who brought him to court for taking the pictures of a law enforcement agent performing her lawful duty .
He pleaded not guilty to the charge.
The Magistrate , Mrs . J.O .E. Adeyemi, granted him bail in the sum of N20 , 000 with one surety in like sum .
He was reported to have been remanded in custody when he could not meet the bail condition.
The PUNCH learnt that the 40 – year- old was asked to apologise for his action so the Police could withdraw the case, but he had maintained his ground , saying he didn't do anything wrong.
Email Address: Password:
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site.
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use. Security features have been integrated on this site: If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in, the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time.
To inquire about group subscriptions or an enterprise site license for your organization, contact Tracy Bumba.
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party, contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password.
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
He finds out Thursday whether his game is in shape for Johnson to become the first back-to-back U.S. Open champion in 28 years, but his mood couldn't be better. About the only thing to fear, outside of the thick fescue that frames the fairways at Erin Hills, is the house where he is staying.
As much as he hates missing cuts, the Memorial two weeks ago was a good time for Johnson to have a weekend off. It allowed him to spend two days in Wisconsin getting to know the longest course in U.S. Open history, realizing that he would be a late arrival to Erin Hills because of some important family matters.
The timing couldn't have been better for the world's No. 1 player, as it has been the past two weeks.
ERIN, WIS.—Dustin Johnson wrapped up his final day practice round for the U.S. Open just as the sky began to rumble and the horn sounded to stop play at Erin Hills.
Stairs were the only thing that could stop him earlier this year. A winner of three straight tournaments — against the strongest fields of the year — Johnson slipped in his socks going downstairs to move his car in the rain on the eve of the Masters and bruised his back so badly that he had to withdraw the next day .
“I sit down when I go down the stairs now,” Johnson said with a smile. “I slide down on my butt.”
He hasn't won in four starts since then, and his game hasn't looked as sharp as it once did. He concedes he lost some momentum.
Even so, he is the betting favourite at the 117th U.S. Open on a course that would appear to suit his game perfectly, especially with more rain Wednesday afternoon and a forecast for occasional storms on Friday and Saturday. The greens are soft enough that Johnson is getting yardages to the hole, knowing his shots won't bounce away too far.
“I hope they play it all the way back on every hole,” he said. “Why not? It's going to be soft. I hope it's windy. I hope it's long, but it doesn't matter.”
Johnson isn't one to feel much pressure — he doesn't show much, anyway — even playing his first major as the No. 1 player in the world.
If anything, the pressure is on the USGA in how they set up the golf course, and the meteorologist to give an accurate forecast of the wind. There are a few holes at Erin Hills where if the tees are all the way back and the wind shifts into the players, some won't be able to reach the fairway or will face blind shots.
“It's nerve-wracking, honestly, more than most Open sites,” USGA executive director Mike Davis said.
Johnson isn't the only long hitter whom Erin Hills favours. Rory McIlroy, who crushed U.S. Open scoring records on a rain-softened course at Congressional in 2011, was delighted to feel the soft turf under his feet.
Jason Day is starting to turn his game around, finally. Along with his power, Day is an expert with the short game, which should come in handy around the greens that feature shaved slopes instead of dense rough.
Johnson, however, is such an intimidating figure that even Curtis Strange is a little nervous.
Strange, who now works for Fox Sports as the on-course analyst, won the 1989 U.S. Open at Oak Hill to become the first player since Ben Hogan (1950-51) to win the U.S. Open in consecutive years. “Move over, Ben,” Strange famously said after his second title.
“I've got to tell you, it's tailor-made for Dustin Johnson,” Strange said after his first look at the course.
The Masters (three times) and the PGA Championship in stroke play (twice, by Tiger Woods) have fewer back-to-back winners than the U.S. Open, but it's the major that has gone the longest without a repeat winner.
The closest call for Strange was in 2005 when defending champion Retief Goosen had a three-shot lead at Pinehurst No. 2. He shot 81 in the final round. Four-time champion Jack Nicklaus never went back-to-back. Neither did Woods.
“You've got to be lucky, have it be the right time,” Strange said. “Dustin is more dominant than anybody who has ever done it back-to-back because of his length and the whole bit. But you still have to do it.”
Johnson starts out Thursday morning with the last two U.S. Open champions, Martin Kaymer and Jordan Spieth. It's a comfortable group, especially with Spieth, a close friend, his partner from the Presidents Cup and his regular pro partner in recent years at the AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am.
Plus, he has the personality for the U.S. Open. It's a mental test, and Johnson's brain is not very cluttered. Paulina Gretzky gave birth to their second child on Monday in Los Angeles. He flew to Wisconsin on Tuesday and got in 18 holes. He played nine holes Wednesday.
Asked how he handled the range of emotions for such a whirlwind week, Johnson shrugged.
“You just do it,” he said. “I wish I had an explanation on how I do it, but I don't. ... But now I've got to play golf. This is why I'm here. I'm here to play golf. I'm here to compete.”
"Alien Worlds of Endless Oceans" --Kepler Mission Reveals Blue Planets Unlike Anything in Our Solar System (2016 Most Popular)
After a winter that swung from mild to bone-chillingly cold and back numerous times, the news that Tuesday ushers in the first day of spring is definitely welcome. But will spring temperatures be hitting the city any time soon?
“There's a bit of folklore that goes like this: the first day of spring is one thing, but the first spring day is another,” said Environment Canada climatologist Dave Phillips.
Phillips and Weather Network meteorologist Chris Scott may not have seen eye to eye on their predictions for last winter, but they can agree on one thing this time around: spring is going to be slow to start.
“The calendar will say spring, but the weather's not going to indicate that spring is bursting onto the scene anytime soon,” Scott said.
Toronto is set for a slightly chillier first day of spring than in years past, with a predicted high of 2 C and a low of -7 C, a few degrees below the average 5 C high and -4.2 C low recorded in the city since the 1940's. It should be mainly sunny, according to Environment Canada, but just because it's spring now doesn't mean any sudden jump in temperature: the rest of the week looks to be hovering around the same numbers, with the highest high put at 5 C on Friday.
Big Ben — the huge clock bell of Britain's Parliament — will fall silent next week as a four-year restoration project gets underway.
The bongs of the iconic bell will be stopped after chiming noon on Aug. 21 to protect workers during a 29-million-pound ($38 million) repair project on the Queen Elizabeth Tower, which houses Big Ben and its clock. It isn't due to resume regular service until 2021.
Steve Jaggs, keeper of the Great Clock, said Monday that the clock mechanism will be dismantled piece by piece and its four dials will be cleaned and repaired. The 13.5 British ton (15.1 U.S. ton, 13.7 metric tons) bell will be cleaned and checked for cracks.
Big Ben has been stopped several times since it first sounded in 1859, but the current restoration project will mark its longest period of silence.
Parliamentary officials say they will ensure that the bell still sounds on major occasions, such as New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday.
The silence presents a problem for the BBC, which broadcasts the bongs every evening before the radio news through a microphone in the belfry.
After testing out the sound of substitute bells, the broadcaster said it will use a recording.
Monday, January 2, 2017 at 12:40 pm |
Jewish Home party chairman Naftali Bennett (R) with the mayor of Maaleh Adumim, Benny Kasriel, before the start of a special party faction meeting in Maaleh Adumim on Monday.
(Yonatan Sindel/Flash90)
YERUSHALAYIM - The Jewish Home party is finally putting its annexation rhetoric into writing.
After months of calling for annexation of Jewish population blocs in Yehudah and Shomron, party chairman and Education Minister Naftali Bennett announced in Maaleh Adumim on Monday that legislation to extend Israel's sovereignty over the city will be proposed in the coming days. Maaleh Adumim is seen as only the first step toward annexing all Area C in Yehudah and Shomron.
“Citizens of Israel have paid in no end of victims, and no end of denunciations for this messianic policy of a Palestinian state,” said Bennett.
“We have to stop marching towards the unjust path of a Palestinian state and to impose Israeli law on Maaleh Adumim, the Jordan Valley, Ofra, Ariel, and all Area C as soon as possible. This is how we win.
“Before the end of January, we, together with all the coalition parties, will propose a bill for the imposition of Israeli law on Maaleh Adumim,” Bennett said. “I expect all members of the government to support the bill.”
However, it is clear that support for the controversial measure is far from unanimous within the coalition; in particular, Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu has not endorsed it.
Regional Cooperation Minister Tzachi Hanegbi (Likud) stated that unilateral annexation of parts of the region would be a “disaster” and the Likud is against it. “Unilateral annexation is Bennett's agenda, not the prime minister's,” Hanegbi added.
Housing and Construction Minister Yoav Galant (Kulanu) also came out against it in a radio interview on Thursday. “I don't think it will come to that and not to anything else,” Galant said. “I think we should be more moderate than thinking we can do ‘cut and paste.'”
Undeterred by a split coalition, supporters of annexation were slated to participate in a discussion in a special session of the Knesset Law Committee on Monday, to be attended by Maaleh Adumim Mayor Benny Kasriel and the heads of the Knesset Land of Israel lobby, MK's Yoav Kish (Likud) and Bezalel Smotrich (Jewish Home).
Monday, January 2, 2017 at 10:13 am |
Chief Strategist & Communications Director for the RNC Sean Spicer arrives in the lobby of the Trump Tower in New York, Nov. 14, 2016. (Reuters/Carlo Allegri/File Photo)
WASHINGTON (AP) - Incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer defended cryptic comments by President-elect Donald Trump that he knows “things that other people don't know” when it comes to allegations of Russian hacking.
Spicer told Fox News that Trump is getting national security briefings “on a daily basis” and “there doesn't seem to be conclusive evidence” Russians were behind the hacking of Democratic e-mails during the election.
Spicer also dismissed on Monday a report released by the FBI and Homeland Security Department supporting the accusations against Russia, calling it a “how-to” manual on basic cybersecurity for Democrats.
In an interview on NBC, Spicer said President Barack Obama only punished Russia after Democrat Hillary Clinton lost the election and that the recent sanctions were politically motivated.
INDEPENDENCE, Ohio — Cavaliers point guard George Hill is questionable for Wednesday's crucial Game 5 against Indiana because of back spasms.
Hill has been dealing with back problems since the series opener when he was flattened by an illegal screen by Pacers forward Trevor Booker.
Cavs coach Tryonn Lue says Hill was limited to some shooting drills during Tuesday's practice and will start if he can play.
Jose Calderon started Game 4 at Indianapolis and scored five points in 19 minutes as the Cavs evened the series at 2-2. Cleveland is 24-9 when Calderon starts.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Vegans, don't read any further, as our next restaurant guide is definitely not suited to your taste. Cambridge has a plethora of great steakhouses, as well as excellent restaurants that cook up steak dishes to die for.
It's hard to narrow down all the restaurants worth checking out into one article- so instead, here's our guide to the best of the best.
Located on Quayside, the Riverhouse is a steakhouse and grill that offers fantastic food in a relaxed and quietly glamorous atmosphere.
During the summer months, dining out on the roof terrace bar is a must, but even when it's cold outside, staying indoors and tucking into the delicious menu is one of the city's culinary treats.
Head over to the River Bar website to browse the menu and make a reservation.
Address: 3 Thompsons Ln, Cambridge CB5 8AQ
La Masion Du Steak
Ignore the pretentious name- this Hills Road restaurant is more than just your average steakhouse, with an eclectic menu that even includes multiple vegetarian dishes.
Click here to browse the full menu, or to reserve a table.
Address: 125 Hills Rd, Cambridge CB2 1PG
Millworks
Now for something a tiny bit different. Millworks is a historic Cambridge mill remodelled into a fancy modern brasserie, that serves tasty treats for brunch, lunch and dinner.
With glowing TripAdvisor reviews (including a glowing 4.5 rating), it'd be worth eating here even if you weren't going for the steak. However, users of that site have singled out the flat iron steak as the single best thing on the menu- so you've got to go and try it for yourself, right?
Book a table and find out more over here.
Address: The Watermill, Newnham Road, Cambridge CB3 9EY
Located at Granta Place, overlooking the River Cam, Marco Pierre White's Steakhouse Bar & Grill is a must-visit. Not only will you have a plethora of steak dishes approved by the famous chef himself, you'll also be dining at a perfectly picturesque location. This is one to put at the top of your lists if you're looking for a romantic meal.
Head over to the Marco Pierre White Steakhouse Facebook page for up-to-the-minute information on offers and menu changes.
Address: Mill Lane, Granta Place, Cambridge CB2 1RT
Cau Cambridge
Located just around the corner from King's Parade, Cau is an Argentinian restaurant designed to capture the spirit of dining in Buenos Aires. They have plenty of different steak options ready for you to try out.
To find out more, or to book a table, click here.
Address: 15 Bene't St, Cambridge CB2 3QN
Rocker's Steakhouse
Finally, after moving from its humble Mill Road site to Cambridge Leisure Park, Rocker's Steakhouse has become the perfect location for a gathering with friends. You can book tables for up to 70 people at the Leisure Park restaurant, and have the option of buying out the entire restaurant for birthdays, weddings and other special occasions.
Oh, and did we mention that the steak is pretty good too? Click here to find out more.
Address: Cambridge Leisure Park, 30 Clifton Way, Cambridge CB1 7DY
Where are your favourite places to go for a steak in Cambridge?
Susan Bro, the mother of victim Heather Heyer, holds a photo Monday of Bro's mother and her daughter in Charlottesville, Va. (Photo: Joshua Replogle / AP)
Charlottesville, Va. — The mother of the woman killed when a car plowed into a crowd of people protesting a white nationalist rally in Virginia said she doesn't want people to be angry about her daughter's death. Instead, she said she wants people to continue her daughter's fight against injustice in a peaceful way.
“I miss her so, so much, but I'm going to make her death worth something,” Susan Bro told the Associated Press in an interview Monday.
Bro described her daughter, Heather Heyer, as a courageous, stubborn, and principled woman who was a firm believer in justice and equality who died Saturday for those beliefs. Bro said she would prefer to grieve in private, but felt compelled to try to follow her daughter's example.
“Let's take from her death that we're going to move forward in conversation. We're going to move forward in understanding and listening to one another and seeing how we can come together,” Bro said.
Heyer, 32, was among the hundreds of protesters who had gathered in Charlottesville to decry what was believed to be the largest gathering of white supremacists in a decade — including neo-Nazis, skinheads and Ku Klux Klan members — who descended on the city to rally against plans to remove a Confederate statue.
Felicia Correa, a longtime friend of Heyer, said the slain woman was a “true American hero.”
Heyer grew up in Greene County and worked as a legal assistant at a law firm. Her boss, Larry Miller, said the young woman was active in the firm's bankruptcy practice and had a “big heart.”
“She cares about the people we take care of. Just a great person,” he said.
Two state troopers — Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Trooper-Pilot Berke M. M. Bates — also died when their helicopter crashed in a wooded area while deployed as part of a large-scale police effort to contain Saturday's violence. They were remembered for their commitment and love of their jobs.
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe knew both troopers personally and expressed grief over their deaths. McAuliffe frequently uses state police aircraft to travel the state and said Cullen, 48, had been one of his regular pilots. Before joining the aviation unit, Bates has been a member of the state trooper team that guards the governor and his family.
“It was personal to me,” McAuliffe said Sunday morning at a church service. “We were very close.”
Cullen was a 23-year veteran of the department and head of the aviation unit. He is survived by his wife and two sons. Berke joined the department in 2004, and is survived by his wife, a son and a daughter.
“Both of them were great guys who loved what they were doing,” said Perry Benshoof, a retired trooper who worked with both.
Craig Bates said his younger brother had always wanted to serve others and to fly.
The younger Bates, who died one day short of his 41st birthday, worked for years as a trooper, first in Florida and then in Virginia. He'd recently gotten his pilot's license so that he could apply to work for the department's aviation unit. He got his wish, and joined the unit only last month.
The driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville was previously accused of beating his mother and threatening her with a knife, according to police records released Monday.
The records from the Florence Police Department in Kentucky show the man's mother had called police in 2011. Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told police he stood behind her wielding a 12-inch knife. Bloom is disabled and uses a wheelchair.
In another incident in 2010, Bloom said that Fields smacked her in the head and locked her in the bathroom after she told him to stop playing video games. Bloom told officers Fields was on medication to control his temper.
Earlier Monday, Fields was denied bond after the public defender's office said it couldn't represent him because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest. The judge was forced to find a local attorney to fill in.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2uIzkb7
Michael Keane hailed Burnley's character after they extended their unbeaten run at Turf Moor to eight games with a 1-1 draw against Premier League leaders Chelsea.
The England international was particularly proud of the response to going a goal down after just seven minutes when Spaniard Pedro slid the ball past Tom Heaton from a Victor Moses assist.
Only Swansea City, in September, and Liverpool, at the back end of last month, have been able to salvage something from matches when Antonio Conte's side have got their noses in front this term but the Clarets showed incredible discipline and resistance to add their name to that list.
“I think we played really well today and showed what we're all about,” said the 24-year-old defender. “We went a goal behind early doors but we didn't let it affect us and we kept going. If anything we had the better chances and we could've won it. We're happy with the result.
“I just think the response in general, the way we went about things was a different class and that's what we're all about.
“I'm sure they won't look at it as a bad result because our home form has obviously been brilliant. They'll be reasonably happy and so are we.”
Keane added: “The gaffer said before the game no matter what happens we stick to the game plan, keep going no matter what they throw at us and that's what we did.
“We didn't let it affect us, we got back on the ball, started playing our football, started affecting them and it was a good point in the end.
“I think it shows how far we've come. We didn't look frightened to play against them and we matched them in every department. It shows that belief that we've got.”
Record signing Robbie Brady re-introduced himself to the top flight with a stunning set-piece from 25 yards out, as the ball grazed the fingertips of Thibaut Courtois on its way in to the top corner.
And Keane feels the finish justified the money that the club forked out on the former Norwich City wide man on deadline day.
Following the Republic of Ireland international's debut strike, Keane said: “It was a fantastic free kick from Robbie (Brady) and it showed what he's all about.
“I was right behind it and he's struck it right in the top corner. No keeper is going to save that. It showed what he's all about, the quality that he's got and he showed what he can bring to the team.”
“They probably got a bit of money back today already. That's just the start for Robbie; he said himself that there's a lot more to come.”
The conservative Georgian Orthodox Church — followed by more than 80 per cent of the 4.5 million population — is one of several distinct Eastern Orthodox Churches, which also include the Greek and Russian Churches.
Ilia II — who has led the Church such since 1977 — wields significant influence on Georgia's social and political life. He oversaw a major revival of the Church after Georgia regained independence from the Soviet Union in 1991. The Church was severely repressed during the Soviet era and Tsarist Russia's occupation of Georgia.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The Tribune, Dec. 11, 1942
December 11, 1942
Body of infant found in river
Scranton police were investigating after the discovery of a body of a premature infant in the Lackawanna River.
According to police, four teenage boys discovered the body, which was wrapped in newspaper inside a pasteboard box, in the river between the Mulberry Street viaduct and the Ontario & Western trestle. The police took the body to Walsh's morgue to be examined by Deputy Coroner Dr. Joseph Sulula. Police said there was a piece of flannel found with the baby. The flannel had markings on it that may help them in their investigation.
Contracts for piston plant awarded
A construction contract for a new piston plant on the Scranton-Minooka border was awarded to the Henry E. Baton Co. of Philadelphia. The Baton Co. placed a bid of $266,000 for construction of the plant.
Sparing no time, construction on the facility was to begin in five days and would employ 200 workers.
The plant was expected to employ several hundred people working on three shifts.
Book reviewer speaks at club
Virginia Kirkus, book reviewer and critic, gave a lecture at the Century Club.
Her talk centered on what makes the best seller. She said that books about dogs, doctors and President Lincoln do very well. She joked that if one could write a book about Lincoln's doctor's dog, it would be a hit. She also said book reviews in daily papers are more important for book sales because of the decline in book advertising.
BRIAN FULTON, library manager, oversees The Times-Tribune's expansive digital and paper archives and is an authority on local history. Contact Brian at bfulton@timesshamrock.com or 570-348-9140.
ANZ has reported an unaudited third-quarter cash profit of $1.79 billion in a trading update light on detail.
ANZ has reported a third-quarter cash profit of $1.79 billion.
The lender's trading update did not give details on how the result compared to the same period last year, but the unaudited cash profit was a 5.3 per cent improvement on the average of the first two quarters of the current financial year.
ANZ said net interest margin remained stable at 2.00 per cent and that residential mortgage lending had grown above system.
Emergency service vehicles were the first to cross the Collie River when the ribbon was cut at the Millbridge-Treendale bridge opening on Friday.
Photo: Kai Z. Feng
The 24K Magic World Tour will continue on!
Bruno Mars confirmed today's earlier tease by announcing the cities he'll be stopping in with special guest Cardi B.
Related: Bruno Mars Teases Tour With Cardi B
The ‘finale' run for the 11-time GRAMMY winner will include visits to Boston, Brooklyn, Dallas, Denver, Detroit, Los Angeles, Nashville, Newark, Philadelphia, St. Paul, Toronto, and Tulsa. Dates and venues to be announced soon.
Tickets for the dates are set to go on-sale February 16th.
Goodie Nation is partnering with UBS, the world's largest wealth manager, and Village Capital, an organization that finds, trains and invests in entrepreneurs solving real-world problems, to launch the VC Pathways program in Atlanta.
VC Pathways is a national program that will train and support African-American, Latinx and female founders to increase their competitiveness for seed-stage venture investment and early-stage incubator and accelerator programs. Local supporting pipeline partners include the Metro Atlanta Chamber of Commerce, ATDC at Georgia Tech, Startup Atlanta, EnrichHer, BuiltxWomen, Atlanta Tech Village, Amplify 4 Good, Village Microfund, Invest Atlanta, Plywood People, and Black Angel Tech Fund.
Goodie Nation will work with UBS and Village Capital to select a cohort of founders to participate in a three-month program that provides entrepreneurs with hands-on training, advice and tailored engagements from local mentors, investors, UBS executives and financial advisors who will help their companies become investment-ready.
“VC Pathways is an invaluable extension of UBS's ongoing commitment to advancing inclusive entrepreneurship,” says Jamie Sears, UBS head of Community Affairs, Americas. “Many of our clients are entrepreneurs in these cities, so we are excited to be playing a part in strengthening the pipeline of diverse founders and giving startups access to investors, best-in-class training, and other resources that will help their businesses succeed.”
“This is an incredible opportunity to help some of Atlanta's best startups reach their potential,” says Joey Womack, CEO and founder of Goodie Nation. “Moving forward, we see VC Pathways as an amazing vehicle to assist Goodie Nation strengthen our curriculum and provide more opportunities through pipeline partners as we march toward creating sustainable social impact startups.”
“There is no shortage of potential among underrepresented founders. They have firsthand experience in solving critical issues faced by the majority of the U.S. population,” says Allie Burns, managing director of Village Capital. “What's lacking is the social capital and tangible resources to scale these solutions. We're hoping that, through this program, startups will gain exposure to the thought-process behind investment decisions and a framework to use milestones to clearly communicate their growth and success.”
Births 8/14/2017
Lebanese-American Food Festival in 16th year Karen Abda Kane, a third-generation member of the St. Joseph Melkite Greek Catholic Church in West Scranton, volunteered Saturday at the congregation's 16th annual Lebanese-American Food Festival. (read more)
A building with flair FORTY Forts — When Eric Kuhn and Zach Graham decided to open a stylish men's clothing store, they were drawn to a unique and artsy building in Forty Forts. (read more)
Factoryville celebrates Christy Mathewson Days Factoryville pulled out all the stops for a celebration Saturday of native son Christy Mathewson, one of the greats of professional baseball posthumously elected in 1936 to the Hall of Fame. (read more)
Cash-strapped NEPA Philharmonic cancels season Facing a broken financial model, the Northeastern Pennsylvania Philharmonic canceled the upcoming season to buy time to reevaluate the organization's finances. (read more)
Men Charged In Deadly Calif. Ghost Ship Warehouse Fire Plead No Contest
Enlarge this image toggle caption JOSH EDELSON/AFP/Getty Images JOSH EDELSON/AFP/Getty Images
Two men each charged with 36 counts of involuntary manslaughter, representing the three dozen people who perished in the 2016 Oakland, Calif. warehouse fire, pleaded no contest on Tuesday, in a deal letting them avoid trial and possibly lengthy prison terms.
Derick Almena, who managed the artists' collective turned dance venue known as the Ghost Ship, agreed to a nine year sentence with an additional three years supervised release.
Max Harris, a tenant who assisted Almena in his duties as an illegal landlord, is expected to be sentenced to six years with four years supervised release.
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
But with time served, time spent behind bars may be much shorter, according to Almena's attorney.
Almena would likely only spend three-and-a-half more years behind bars, defense attorney, Tony Serra, said in a news conference Tuesday.
"So it's not what I would call devastating," Serra said.
He added that Almena had entered the no contest plea not out of legal necessity or "culpability" but as "a moral imperative to eliminate all of the trauma and pain and suffering that everyone who touches this case endures."
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
Almena himself underlined that point in a jailhouse interview with KTVU, saying "to sit through months of parents looking at burned remains of their children, it's not even worth it."
David Gregory, whose daughter Michela Gregory was among the victims, said the sentences were not enough.
"We just wanted some justice," Gregory said, adding he wished the defendants would have had to stand trial. "Some questions could have been answered during trial."
Sami Kopelman, the mother of Edmond Lapine who also died in the blaze, told the East Bay Times she would have liked for Almena and Harris to each serve 36 years: one year for each life lost.
"I don't want my son's life or those of the other victims, no matter what their circumstances were for being there, I don't want the value of their lives to be lessened by a sweep aside," Kopelman said.
Last year, the Oakland Fire Department released a lengthy report detailing what happened on the night of Dec. 2, 2016, when a dance party ended with the building, a cluttered 9,880 sq. ft. warren with blocked windows, burning down.
Witnesses told investigators that before midnight, flames and thick smoke drove people to shout fire and run. But there was nowhere to go.
Party goers on the second floor couldn't make it down the makeshift stairway.
"(T)he walls of the hallways were assembled together from aggregates of salvaged and scavenged materials, such as pianos, organs, windows, wood benches, lumber, and innumerable other items stacked next to and on top of each other," the report said.
The building had no sprinklers, nor did it have an automatic fire detection system, according to investigators.
By the time firefighters arrived around 11:30 p.m., smoke was already pouring out of the building.
They never were able to pinpoint the cause of the fire.
"Defendants Almena and Harris knowingly created a fire trap with inadequate means of escape, filled it with human beings," Alameda County District Attorney Nancy O'Malley said last year when she announced her office was filing felony charges against the men.
On the night of the party, one of two exits was blocked, she said.
"Almena's and Harris' actions were reckless, creating a high risk of death," O'Malley said.
The sentencing hearing is set for next month. At that time witnesses for the defense as well as the victims will have the opportunity to speak, Serra said.
"It will be a very agonizing session," Serra said Tuesday, "just as the plea session today was protracted."
Kopelman, told the East Bay Times that she, for one, does not expect to attend the hearing.
"I don't think I could bear to see those two men in person," she said.
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Philippe Coutinho has been backed to fill the void left by Neymar in Barcelona's starting XI.
The Samba Boy completed a world-record move to Paris Saint-Germain earlier this month, leaving Ernesto Valverde with a hole in his side.
Barça are stepping up their search, with Coutinho a top target, despite Liverpool's insistence the player is not for sale.
But Rivaldo reckons the Brazilian, who has been left out of Jurgen Klopp's squad for the Champions League clash against Hoffenheim , is a good option to replace their compatriot at the Nou Camp.
He told Betfair : "Neymar left for PSG and, despite his importance at the team, I believe Barça will deal with it, and could even reinforce his team spirit, trying to show that players can come and go, but Barça will stay at the top.
(Image: Liverpool FC via Getty)
"For Barcelona [Neymar's sale is] an important financial income that allows them to breathe much easier and also to try new signings.
"Philippe Coutinho could be a good option to play at Neymar's position, but Paulinho could also be an important addition at the centre of the pitch."
Rivaldo added: "It was a tough decision for the Brazilian star and his main objective – beside the financial aspect – is to become the best player in the world, leaving his status as Messi's shadow."
The National Alliance on Mental Illness offers monthly support groups for family members of those facing mental health challenges.
A Ridgefield group meets on the second Thursday of every month, starting Dec. 14 from 6:30 to 8 p.m. at Jesse Lee Memorial United Methodist Church.
All area residents are welcome to attend. The group is led by trained facilitators with lived experience. All discussions are confidential. For information, call Marc at 203-940-2516.
Michael and Linda Horton invented an amazing product, the Shade Sail Wizard while having a cheeky scotch in the pool.
Michael and Linda Horton invented an amazing product, the Shade Sail Wizard while having a cheeky scotch in the pool. Navarone Farrell
LIKE all great ideas, this one came about with a drink in hand.
A couple of local, self-professed "baby boomers giving it a go", Michael and Linda Horton have cooked up a device has applications across all walks of life.
Mr Horton's device is a simple clamp and chain system that allows the clamping of basically any object to anything else.
The clamp will secure any kind of timber or pipe, can hook straight onto trees, slip down poles for pool cover or flooring, side walls, and has potential use in the marine industry as well.
"It's called Shade Sail Wizard but I'm going to do another trademark and put the word 'clamp' in it simply to give it that versatility," he said.
"At this stage I'm just an inventor, one third entrepreneur. We're learning as we go, a couple of baby boomers having a go."
The clamp involves an L-shaped bracket, a clamp with a one-tonne nylon stopper, sourced from WA and a galvanised screw and eye with a chain that loops through.
It can be used to clamp and hook around anything, but the initial concept came from sun in the eyes while having a dip.
"I was in the pool and Michael always gets out to get the drinks, and I said to him can you just drop the shade sail down to get the sun out of my eyes," Ms Horton said.
"That's when he came up with the idea, he started thinking about it and when you're in the pool with a drink in your hand, that's when you come up with all your great ideas," she laughed.
The product is still in its early stages, but a successful display at Caneland Central and good feedback from customers.
"We made them all ourselves, we had the plates bent up, virtually that's the invention," Mr Horton said.
"I've patents pending in Australia and America, trademarks have been approved.
"It has a working load limit of 100kg which is more than sufficient for a shade sail,"
Mr Horton has a background in the mining industry and is looking towards full industrial use for the product.
"I'd like to get it to a stage moving forward, in the mining industry. There's a lot of working at height and say if you're on a drag line or a wash plant, you would normally have to find a crossmember to hook your harness on," he sad.
"With this you could find any vertical post, which there are heaps of, and hook a harness on it."
However this is still some way off, with rigorous testing needed before it has personal applications.
"It's only limited by the imagination," Mr Horton said.
"I do everything myself except I get the plates made and cut, the rest I put together myself."
However it wasn't all smooth sailing, with Mr Horton originally attempting to engage consultants to have the product manufactured, and the high cost of local materials.
Linda: "The rest is purchased here in Australia except the plates are getting made overseas, they were way too expensive to get them made local," Ms Horton said.
"I initially went with consultants, it was probably the worst thing I could have done because they didn't really understand the concept and they just burned up money and time," Mr Horton said.
"The option I was looking at to go wholly and solely manufactured in China and brought in as a manufactured project."
Chinese manufacturers offered to bend and cut the plate for $2.50, while in Mackay the highest price was $26 as Australian manufacturers thought they couldn't cut and bend without affecting the integrity of the product.
"The cost of a sheet of stainless steel was quite expensive and that's why we thought Mackay might have had a bit of trouble, we wanted to stay with people in town," Ms Horton said.
"I wanted to make it 100 per cent Australian, but (most of the components) are from China," Mr Horton said.
By Seth Daniel
Both District 1 candidates have agreed to participate in at least one debate/forum in each of the three neighborhoods leading up to the Nov. 7 election.
Meanwhile, scheduling debates for the mayoral race seems to have gotten a little easier as well, with Mayor Martin Walsh's camp indicating late last week they would participate in a series of debates this fall with challenger Councilor Tito Jackson.
In District 1, the news comes right on the heels of a nip-and-tuck finish in the Preliminary Election last Tuesday, Sept. 26, where Candidate Stephen Passacantilli won the district by 77 votes, though Candidate Lydia Edwards showed strength in winning Charlestown and East Boston. It sets up for a tremendously competitive race to the finish with two very seasoned and professional candidates.
Right off the bat last week, Edwards challenged Passacantilli to one debate in each of the three neighborhoods: Charlestown, the North End and East Boston.
She echoed that call on Monday in a statement to the newspaper.
“I am thrilled with the response of voters,” said Edwards. “Our communities are at a pivotal moment. My opponent and I have different perspectives on how to move the city forward and a substantive discussion on the issues facing this district is necessary. I look forward to highlighting those distinctions and therefore I challenge my opponent to debates in all three neighborhoods.”
Passacantilli answered that call quickly, noting that he had planned to have debates this fall and would have it no other way. He said he was excited to bring his positions to the voters in an open forum.
“I'm excited to participate in the four forums and debates scheduled throughout each neighborhood in District 1,” he said. “I look forward to continuing hearing directly from residents and discussing our vision for Boston and each of our communities.”
Both candidates participated in numerous forums with Candidate Margaret Farmer – who was eliminated from the race last week – prior to the Preliminary, so many voters have had a chance to hear their message directly already. Expanded debates and forums will give an opportunity for the front-runners to share the stage one-on-one.
Meanwhile, in the mayoral race, scheduling a debate prior to last Tuesday's election proved tricky and ended up not happening.
However, late last week the Walsh campaign said it would accept invitations to two debates leading up to the Nov. 7 City Election. Walsh said he would participate in a debate on Oct. 10 hosted by Dan Rea of WBZ Radio and another debate on Oct. 24 hosted by Jim Braude and Margery Eagan.
“I've accepted invitations to two debates in the general election, and over the next six weeks, I look forward to speaking with as many voters as possible and debating real ideas of how to continue moving our city forward, and building a Boston for all of us,” said the mayor. “We've got more work to do, but we are on track to ensure everyone has a chance to succeed no matter where they live or come from.”
The Jackson campaign did not return an e-mail asking if they intended to participate in the debates on Oct. 10 and 24, but Councilor Jackson has said several times that he would debate Walsh anytime, anywhere. Most have taken that to mean he has accepted the invitation.
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 6:31 pm |
A K-9 unit patrols the parade route on 59th Street during the Thanksgiving Day Parade in Nov. 2016, in New York. (Photo by Scott Roth/Invision/AP)
NEW YORK (AP) - A New York City police dog is recovering after falling through a ceiling during a raid last week.
According to police, the German shepherd named Timoshenko was injured while searching the attic of a Brooklyn home Thursday. Police say the K-9 led officers to several weapons that included an assault rifle, shotgun and semi-automatic pistol before falling through the ceiling of the Red Hook home.
Authorities say Timoshenko received seven stitches at a nearby animal hospital.
Police say 61-year-old Agron Haskaj was arrested on multiple weapons charges after the raid. It wasn't clear if Haskaj had an attorney.
Timoshenko is named after Officer Russel Timoshenko who died in the line of duty in 2007.
Wednesday, May 23, saw the latest of the RDS Horse Qualifiers head northward to the Meadows Equestrian Complex, Lurgan.
In the Four-Year-Old Qualifier, Kate Derwin was a worthy winner, having impressed visiting judges from Europe to take the first place ribbons with ‘Ramiro Be Classe' owned by Jim Derwin, a Bay gelding by ‘Ramiro B'.
In one of the best displays of young horse jumping, the Five-Year-Old RDS Qualifier was eventually won by Marion Hughes' MHS Cardenta by international stallion ‘Cardento'. Only 15 combinations made it through the gruelling three round competition without penalty, designed by Tom Holden.
Kilkenny's Jack Ryan onboard his mother Marguerite's Bay Gelding ‘BBS McGregor' by ‘Cardento' were the eventual winner of the six-year-old qualifier, having gone to the second round and recording one of only nine double clear rounds, to secure the win.
International Course Designer Tom Holden set down a challenging course for the 7/8 year old qualifier. With some technical lines, only seven horses of the 75 starters came home with a clean sheet and in doing so ensured themselves of qualification for the RDS for 2018.
Results
Four Year Old RDS Qualifier - 1, Jim Derwin's Ramiro Be Classe (Jim Derwin); 2, Catherine Thornton's Darco Q (Catherine Thornton); 3, Aoife McCabe's Heritage LVS Van Gogh (Aoife McCabe); 4, Judy Murphy's Javas Katie (John Mulligan); 5, Eddie Moloney's Kannan You Two (Eddie Moloney); 6, Olive Clarke's FSS Outlaw (Olive Clarke); 7, Amanda Jones's Rosco Roseanna (Linda Murphy); 8, Michael Brennan's Mhs Instant Karma (Vincent Byrne); 9, Ash-Lee Brown's Omard Sansa (IHB) (Caitilin Taggart); 10, Jackie Moloney's Holmoak Donna (Anthony O'Regan); 11, Ita Mcdermott's Lisdeen Quality (Shane Quinn); 12, Conor McEneaney's Shanroe Peeters (Conor McEneaney); 13, Paul Carberry's Calcord (Paul Carberry); 14, Miguel Bravo's MHS Cuffesgrange (Dominic Curley); 15, Esther Treanor's LMD Douglas Swatch (William Anderson); 16, Brian Duff's BEC Aran Star (Brian Duff); 17, Gareth Nethercote's CHS Hoochie Coochie (Gareth Nethercote); 18, Ita Mcdermott's Emerald Emoe (Ita McDermott); 19, Tara Fitzgerald's Katesbridge Arabella (Tom Hearne).
20, Gabriel Tunney's Roses for the Lady (Gabriel Tunney); 21, Dessie Irwin's Royal Ricardo (Darren Irwin); 22, Ado Moran's Quick Shot (Vincent Byrne); 23, Mark Bolger & Aurore Vernois's Keem Bay (Aurore Vernois); 24, Robert McHugh's Cillrois Miss Trendy (David Moran); 25, Olivia Brennan's GCS Paris (Cian Goggins); 26, Gerald Doherty's Islandwood Quality Touch (Claire Doherty); 27, Michael Keane's Cruise Billerough (Bill Maguire); 28, Seamus Tighe's Lough Scur Quality Lady (John Mulligan); 29, Edmond Kearney's MB Magnums Boy (Tadhg Kearney); 30, Gearoid Tully's Indoctro N Eight (John Mulligan); 31, Aoife Mc Cabe's Heritage LVS Camille (Aoife McCabe); 32, Thomas Murray's Katrina's Boy (Tadhg Mulligan); 33, Catherine Thornton's LVS Reggie (Catherine Thornton); 34, Mervyn Jr Clarke's Thomascourt Legaland (Mervyn Jr Clarke); 35, Jim Derwin's Check Your Pockets (Jim Derwin); 36, Norman Allen's Burrough Hill Boy (Martin Duffy); 37, John Kearney's Curra Candy O (David Moran); 38, Regula Wassmer's Tullabeg Jackson (Kenneth Graham); 39, Brian Duff's BEC Alter Ego (Brian Duff).
40, Jessica Burke's CHF Super Classe (Jessica Burke); 41, Derek Mcconnell's Longfield Semper Excelsius (Derek McConnell); 42, Cathy Cuffe's Katorevel (Ita McDermott); 43, Jade Lawlor's Clashganna's Winning Legacy (Jade Lawlor); 44, Miley Dunning's Master Quality Imp (Joyce Veld); 45, Johnathan McDonnell's Emzo (Johnathan McDonnell); 46, Patrick Murphy's Shirsheen Ice (Linda Murphy); 47, Miley Dunning's CSF Trendy Lady (Joyce Veld); 48, Diana Gibson's Millview Cicero (Michael Cave); 49, Thomas Mclean's Ballyrobin Brave Heart (Katy Connor); 50, Linda Murphy's Shirsheen Fun Time (Linda Murphy); 51, Ryan Crumley's Rockwell RC (Robert Whitaker); 52, Kate O Broin's Blueprint (IHR) (Nicholas Butler); 53, keonan stables ltd's Clovalent (Olivia A Roulston); 54, gregory clarke's Jardy (Ausra Valuckyte); 55, Luc Henry's Ganesh Hero Z (Damien Griffin); 56, Katie O' Dea's L.L.S Quality Diamond (Katie O' Dea); 57, Jim Derwin's Kief Shutter Fly Cruise (Kate Derwin); 58, Judith Sossick's Loughview Ace of Diamonds (Garth Swaile); 59, Thomas Murray's Kinkeen Lough (Tadhg Mulligan).
60, Leanne Marshall's GHS Cupertino (Jonathan Smyth); 61, Denise O'Sullivan's Major Royale (Angela Percy); 62, Ash-Lee Brown's Alfie H (John Joe Gallagher); 63, KM Sport Horses's Dawsons Orestus (David Moran); 64, Padraig Dunne's Kilmaine Darco (Joyce Veld); 65, Ciaran McGurgan's Mullentine Lucky Moon (Claire Conlon); 66, Martina Mccrory's OKE Sophie R (Rachel McKimmon); 67, Maurice Bingham's Florida Springs (Maurice Bingham); 68, Lady Georgina Forbes's Castleforbes elie (Jamie Landers); 69, Clare Hughes's HHS Apollo (Cian Goggins); 70, Marie Vallet's Keassie (Marie Vallet); 71, Ivor Fox's Strandhill Boy (Stephen Gibson); 72, Dessie Irwin's Quality Maltease (Darren Irwin).
5 Year Old RDS Qualifier - 1, Marion Hughes's MHS Cardenta (Michael James Pender); 2, Cathal McMunn & Mervyn Clarke Jnr's Merlins Victoire (Mervyn Jr Clarke); 3, Matt Kane's GIN AND TONIC (Richard Kerins); 4, KM Sport Horses's Dawsons Flex (David Moran); 5, Sorcha Hennessy's Izzy (KWPN) (Derek Mcconnell); 6, Anne Clancy & Mary Gannon's CSF James Kann Cruz (John Mulligan).
6 Year Old RDS Qualifier - 1, Marguerite Ryan's BBS McGregor (Jack Ryan); 2, Miguel Bravo's Javas Gucci (Michael James Pender); 3, Joanne Blair's Mon Ami (ISH) (Joanne Blair); 4, Carol Gee's Enniscrone Condios (Fraser Duffy); 5, Pearl Roche - Fanning's Pearls Princess Gervantus (Vincent Byrne); 6, Aiden Mcgrory's PACINO AMIRO (Kenneth Graham).
7&8 Year Old RDS Qualifier - 1=-1 Beat Mandji & Barry O'Connors' Antigon Gravelotte (Philip McGuane); GBBS Int Ltd's BP Hyberina (Greg Broderick); Edgar Hogg's Intuitive (James Hogg); Calvin McDonald's Greenvale Draco (Jessica Burke); Neal Fearon's Focus Vendi KBS (Neal Fearon); Aoife McCabe's Paciro (Thomas O'Brien) and Hannah Patterson's Volt Star (Hannah Patterson).
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
Engineers from Audi are out testing prototypes for a new generation of the A1 subcompact hatchback.
The current A1 debuted in 2010 and sadly was never offered in the United States. We're afraid there's also little chance we'll see the redesigned model as Audi has ruled out launching anything smaller than the A3 in these parts. (That's why we also miss out on the Q2 SUV.)
Compared to the current A1, the redesigned model skips the bubble-like shape in favor of a more conventional hatchback design. The wheelbase has also been stretched in order to up space in the cabin.
The vehicle will be twinned under the skin with a redesigned Volkswagen Polo, which is also being tested in prototype form. Underpinning both is the smallest version of the Volkswagen Group's MQB platform, found in the Audi A3, the Volkswagen Golf, and a handful of other models form the German automaker.
2018 Audi A1 spy shots - Image via S. Baldauf/SB-Medien Enlarge Photo
This prototype is for a five-door A1. It's not yet clear if Audi will once again offer both three- and five-door versions. Inside will be the latest tech including, as an option, Audi's 12.3-inch digital instrument cluster.
Powertrains will include 3- and 4-cylinder units, with the most potent version being an S1 possibly eclipsing the 231 horsepower of the current S1. An even more potent RS 1 from Audi Sport is possible given the performance division's desire to expand its offerings. In the transmission department, buyers should be able to choose from 6-speed manual and 7-speed dual-clutch units.
We're also likely to see an electrified model, possibly even a pure electric offering rivaling the BMW i3 and Smart ForTwo Electric Drive. Recall, the VW Group is planning the launch of 30 electric cars by 2025 and many of these are expected to come from Audi.
Look for a debut in early 2018.
"If you came to this set looking to be cheered up, you're screwed," White deadpanned from the stage. His music can give goosebumps, even on a sunny summer day; hear his set at Newport now.
Beijing
Last year, trade volume between China and countries along the Belt and Road amounted to $1.1 trillion, up 14.8 percent year-on-year, which is 3.4 percentage points higher than the growth of the country's total foreign trade.
The Belt and Road initiative, proposed by Chinese President Xi Jinping in 2013, refers to building a Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road, according to a report published in People's Daily on Monday.
Over the past five years, the initiative has been positively echoed by over 140 countries and regions, and fruitful cooperation achievements have been yielded under its framework.
Praising a more diversified investment portfolio, the minister said that China had altogether invested over $60 billion to on-route countries in various sectors such as agriculture, manufacturing and infrastructure.
The report pointed out that a group of big projects were making steady progress as well, including the construction of railways, expressways and ports, cooperation programs on energy and resources and the operation of manufacturing projects.
China has established 75 zones for economic and trade cooperation in countries along the routes, with a total investment of more than $27 billion.
The minister said the Belt and Road should be built into a road of peace, prosperity, opening up as well as innovation, and one that connects different civilizations.
For the next step, the ministry will launch new cooperation platforms including the first China International Import Expo, build major investment and foreign aid projects and make them well received like shiny pearls along the Belt and Road. China will also facilitate e-commerce through big data, promote the liberalization and facilitation of trade and investment along the Belt and Road and implement major foreign aid projects.—APP
This website uses cookies to allow us to see how our website and related online services are being used. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our cookie collection. More information about how we collect cookies is found here.
The NFL can be a brutal business.
The Broncos signed former Bengals and Ravens cornerback Chris Lewis-Harris on Wednesday. To make room for Lewis-Harris on the 90-man roster, Denver waived cornerback Taurean Nixon.
Parting ways with Nixon was a bit of a surprise. The second-year cornerback was having a good spring and returned an interception in practice for a touchdown on Tuesday.
Tough business. T-Nix had a pick-6 off Paxton yday & I talked about his good spring. The next day, he has gone. https://t.co/XBqEN4epdP — Cameron Wolfe (@CameronWolfe) June 14, 2017
Nixon was selected by the Broncos out of Tulane in the seventh round of the 2015 NFL draft. He spent most of his rookie season on the team's practice squad but was promoted to the active roster for the playoffs and Super Bowl 50.
Nixon spent the 2016 season bouncing back and forth between the team's practice squad and active roster. He appeared in two games, recording just one tackle.
Though he has limited playing experience, Nixon was a candidate to compete for the team's No. 4 cornerback job behind Aqib Talib, Chris Harris and Bradley Roby. Lewis-Harris, Brendan Langley and Lorenzo Doss will now be competing for the fourth cornerback spot.
TORONTO — A "Back to the Future" reunion is set for this year's Fan Expo Canada.
Organizers say previously announced guest Michael J. Fox will now be joined by fellow "Back to the Future" stars Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson and Tom Wilson.
Edmonton-born Fox starred in the "Back to the Future" franchise as time-travelling teen Marty McFly.
Fan Expo Canada will run Aug. 30 to Sept. 2 at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre.
World Cup 2019: Top 5 stars from 2015 World Cup who will be missed in the 2019 World Cup
Nikhil Potnis FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 366 // 04 Jul 2018, 22:40 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Champions
The 2015 World Cup was a mega event which was held in Australia and New Zealand. A number of superstars were involved where Australia lifted the World Cup yet again beating New Zealand in the final by 7 wickets which proved to be a dull affair after New Zealand were bundled out for a paltry 183.
There were plenty of upsets as well which includes Bangladesh beating England to qualify for the quarter-finals, Afghanistan qualifying and beating Scotland, Sri Lanka beating a poor England side and New Zealand beating Australia in the group stages. There were plenty of records made when Martin Guptill and Chris Gayle scored double tons and David Warner scoring 178 against Afghanistan.
India was one of the favourites going into the world cup but was beaten by the eventual champions Australia in the semi-finals. Swing bowlers Starc and Boult dominated the World Cup. There were plenty of stars who will not be a part of the 2019 World Cup which will be a huge shame. So here are 5 players who will be missed in the 2019 World Cup.
#5 Daniel Vettori
Vettori retired after the final of the 2015 World Cup from International cricket
There were a plenty of high profile retirements after the 2015 World Cup which also included the Kiwi great Daniel Vettori. Vettori is probably the most important person for New Zealand cricket has been their best bowler, a safe fielder, a captain, one of the selectors for the New Zealand team, standby coach and at times even their best batsman.
Having dropped the captaincy after the 2011 World Cup, Vettori was able to play up to his full potential this time. He was at level with Imran Tahir for the highest wicket-taking spinner. 15 wickets in 9 matches, no one will ever forget his 4-wicket haul against Afghanistan. With the ball, Vettori led from the front as New Zealand reached the final.
Architectural historian Michael G. Smith's “Designing Detroit” pays tribute to the architect who defined much of the look of the city's downtown, Wirt Rowland. (Photo: Wayne State University Press)
Eager to demonstrate your Detroit bonafides?
Consider adorning your coffee table, whether in Indian Village or Rochester Hills, with books touting the city's newly rediscovered charms.
Detroit is famous for its remarkable architecture, particularly from the 1920s and '30s, and no architect had a bigger impact on the look of downtown in that era than Wirt Rowland.
The architect, who worked at Smith Hinchman & Grylls (predecessor to today's Smith Group), designed the Penobscot, Guardian and Buhl buildings, all within half a block of one another — an astonishing concentration of city-defining structures all in one place.
Rowland was shamefully overlooked until now. Local architectural historian Michael G. Smith has remedied this with “Designing Detroit: Wirt Rowland and the Rise of Modern American Architecture,” Wayne State University Press, $44.99.
Anyone interested in Detroit architecture will want this handsome, exhaustively researched volume on their bookshelf. More than just a biography, it amounts to a general architectural history of the city in the first half of the 20th century.
Continuing in the design vein, another seminal Detroit architect gets his due with John Gallagher's “Yamasaki in Detroit: A Search for Serenity,” Wayne State University Press, $39.99.
Minoru Yamasaki, who overcame poverty and racial discrimination to become one of Modernism's leading architects, is best known for designing New York's World Trade Center, but also left a deep imprint on Detroit. Local works by “Yama” include the sleek Michigan Consolidated Gas Building downtown and Wayne State University's McGregor Memorial Conference Center.
Shifting gears, whether you're a new arrival in Detroit, or a suburbanite suddenly interested in hanging out more downtown, you need the great guidebook compiled by siblings and seventh-generation Detroiters Andy, Emily and Rob Linn, “Belle Isle to 8 Mile: An Insider's Guide to Detroit,” self-published and available at belleisleto8mile.com for $22. (It's also available at City Bird in Midtown.)
While written a few years ago, “Belle Isle to 8 Mile” is a comprehensive, lively guide for anyone serious about exploring what the New York Times recently called “America's most-exciting city.”
On the other hand, if you just want to have a rip-roaring good time, pick up Dave Krieger's “Things People Say About Detroit, A Collection of Quotes As Told to the Nain Rouge,” self-published and for sale at thenainrouge.net for $17.95.
The Nain Rouge, or red dwarf, is Detroit's French-colonial demon, who pops up throughout the city's history to work his mischief. He's also, more recently, become the subject of an annual spring parade in Midtown.
And, judging by Krieger's book, my oh my — that saucy Nain certainly gets people to talk.
Finally, anyone deeply into Detroit history — and the way the city once looked — will want to grace their coffee table with Dan Austin's handsome “Greetings From Detroit: Historic Postcards From the Motor City,” from Wayne State University Press, $24.99.
MHodges@detroitnews.com
(313) 222-6021
Twitter: @mhodgesguy
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2iPitzd
In addition to the formal accreditation requirements for language and education, the former Conservative government made changes to cap the number of caregivers who can access permanent residency to 5,500 applicants a year and require employers to pay a $1,000 application fee to bring in caregivers.
The rule changes are a blow to the immigration dreams of foreign caregivers, who have seen their transition rate from temporary worker status to permanent residency slowly falling from a peak of 83 per cent in the 1990s.
Under the old live-in caregiver program, an average of 8,000 caregivers received permanent status every year between 2006 and 2014 after they fulfilled the two-year live-in employment commitment and got their medical and criminal clearances.
According to Immigration Department data, about 20 per cent, or 555 caregivers out of 2,730 applicants, were granted permanent residency in the country in the three years after the former Conservative government set out the new language and post-secondary education requirements in November 2014.
The number of foreign caregivers becoming permanent residents has plummeted since Ottawa introduced what it calls “new pathways” for them to settle in Canada.
“Little has changed for the caregivers,” said University of Toronto social work professor Rupaleem Bhuyan, who leads The Migrant Mothers Project , a community-university research initiative to study the effect of immigration policies.
Despite the great demand for caregivers in looking after Canada's aging population and young children, critics say that overall the changes are part of a trend to create hurdles for “low-skilled” migrant workers to acquire permanent status, turning them into perpetual guest workers. They also say the majority of current caregivers still live with employers because they can't afford transportation and rent to have their own place.
The government also removed the requirement that caregivers must live with their employer, with the goal of reducing the potential for abuse and exploitation
“The conditions of the new pathways are making it harder to fulfil and demonstrate eligibility for permanent residency based on the education and language requirements.”
Although the Liberal government has amended many of the immigration policies of its predecessor since it came into power in 2015, it has shown no desire to make any serious changes the caregiver programs, other than axing the $1,000 application fees for some employers to bring in caregivers.
Martha Ocampo, of the Caregiver Connections Education and Support Organization, said many caregivers who came to Canada under the new rules were not told by their recruitment agents about the more stringent language and education requirements.
“Many only find that out when they apply for permanent residency,” Ocampo said. “Some of them try to study for the language test and take courses to meet the one-year post-secondary education requirement, but it's very hard for them to do that while working full time to support their families back home.
“It costs them a lot of money to have their (previous) education credentials assessed and for the language test. It is causing them so much stress, and there are no guaranteed pathways for permanent residency.”
Maritess Antonio paid an agent in Hong Kong $6,000 for a job in Yellowknife to care for three young children and arrived from the Philippines in January 2016, but found out about the new requirements only last year when she came across another migrant worker who was going through the process.
“It came as a shock to me,” said the 37-year-old mother of one, who worked as a nanny in Hong Kong for 14 years before coming to Canada.
Although she finished half of a two-year program at a teacher's college back home, her education was determined to be equivalent to only a high school diploma in Canada in her credentials assessment.
“I wanted to get into a one-year college program here in Yellowknife, but because I'm here on a work permit, I must pay the tuition fee as a foreign student. I only make $12.50 an hour. How could I afford it?”
Solidad Quila arrived Burnaby, B.C., for a caregiver job last January and took one of the Immigration Department's designated language tests last fall.
“You have to answer all the questions in limited time. It was stressful. I reached the benchmarks for listening, speaking and writing, but failed the reading part,” said the 35-year-old mother of two boys, who has a two-year college diploma in business management.
“It cost me $265 for the exam. I only failed one part but now I have to take all four parts again. A friend of mine has taken the exam seven times and she failed a different part each time. This is hard.”
Immigration officials said fewer caregivers are becoming permanent residents because there have been fewer caregivers admitted to Canada than in the past and the better-educated caregivers may choose to apply for permanent status under the skilled worker stream under the economic class.
A department spokesperson, Faith St. John, said more than 80 per cent of permanent residence applicants under the old caregiver program had a post-secondary diploma and more than 60 per cent had a bachelor of arts degree or higher.
“The criteria,” St. John said, “reflect standard requirements for all economic immigration programs, including using objective, third-party assessments for important criteria such as language proficiency and educational attainment.
“These criteria are key indicators of long-term success in the Canadian labour markets, and particularly important for caregiver applicants,” she added. “One of the goals of the 2014 changes was to enable caregivers to transition into established, well-paying careers and better integrate into the Canadian labour market.”
The Land and Natural Resources Minister, John Peter Amewu has said that the Ministry expects that a report on the circumstances leading to the collapse of the reclaim tunnel roof at Newmont Ghana's Ahafo Mill expansion project will ready by the end of this week.
In an interview with Accra-based Starr FM, Mr. Amewu said: “I'm sure by this week we should be getting the report and we will definitely act on the report.”
When asked if the committee's work was limited to the Ahafo Mill Expansion project site, he said: “for now because of the time period and the urgency the Ministry wants to take in terms of this particular incident we want to limit it here.”
READ ALSO: 2 men killed in daylight bank robbery
He added that the government is doing a complete operational audit of the mining sector in the country.
“The guys are already in the country to start that activity across all the mining companies in the country.”
At least 6 people were killed after a section of a gold mine belonging to Newmont Ghana in the Brong Ahafo Region collapsed.
The deadly accident occurred on Saturday (April 7, 2019) at Newmont Ghana's Ahafo Mill Expansion project.
READ ALSO: Ghana Beyond Aid is fight for economic emancipation – Bawumia
Meanwhile, Newmont Ghana has resumed operations at its Ahafo Mill Expansion project.
In a statement issued by the Communications and External Relations Manager, Agbeko Azumah, it stated that they have resumed work after an extensive risk assessment.
“The company temporarily suspended production at both Ahafo and Akyem mines following the accident. Operations at both mines have resumed following extensive safety discussions and risk assessments.”
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Rabiega-Gorgol Veterans of Foreign Wars Post No. 3451 have their photo taken with other participants in Steamtown National Historic Site Scrantonâ€™s World War I Doughboy Statue and World War I Centennial Commemoration at Steamtown National Historic Site (NHS) honoring Lieutenant Colonel Frank Duffy and other Scrantonians who died while serving during World War I on Wednesday, June 17, 2017. Jake Danna Stevens / Staff Photographer In Steamtown National Historic Site Scrantonâ€™s World War I Doughboy Statue is dedicated to Lieutenant Colonel Frank Duffy and other Scrantonians who died while serving during World War I on Wednesday, June 17, 2017. Jake Danna Stevens / Staff Photographer
Charles Gunnin and other members of Rabiega-Gorgol VFW Post 3451 gripped rifles as they filed inside Steamtown National Historic Site to see a 1,200 pound cast zinc statue.
The World War I doughboy also clutched a rifle.
“The colonel is home,” Gunnin said.
More than two dozen people attended a rededication ceremony for the statue, complete with a wreath laying, Taps and 21-gun salute by the post members at the historic site Wednesday night. The statue originally stood at Duffy Park on Harrison Avenue until construction on a new bridge there forced it into storage. Both statue and the park honored Lt. Col. Frank J. Duffy — the highest ranking serviceman killed during the First World War — and other Scrantonians lost during the conflict.
Wednesday marked the first time the statue has been displayed since 2014, when it was packed in a wooden crate and moved to the historic site, park Superintendent Debbie Conway said. It will remain at the historic site for the public to see until Nov. 11, 2018, the 100th anniversary of the armistice that ended World War I.
Both the VFW post and the Steamtown National Historic Site have deep-seated ties to both the statue and Duffy. Before Duffy entered military service in 1917, he worked in the electrical division of the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad, said Bill Fischer, chief of visitor services and resource management at the site.
“He would have been very familiar with these yards,” Fischer said. “He would have walked these yards and worked with the members of the railroad here, so we have that direct link with what we call Steamtown National Historic Site.”
Duffy, who served in uniform as an engineer, died in France on Aug. 17, 1918 after coming under enemy mortar fire. Post 3451 was involved in obtaining the statue and dedicating it at Duffy Park in 1940. They've served as caretakers of the statue for decades, said Gunnin, the post commander.
“He (Duffy) was a very beloved man, a very brave man,” he said. “We've honored him ever since and we will continue to do so.”
It is unclear where the doughboy will permanently end up after November 2018, but one thing is certain: It will not return to Harrison Avenue. It can't go back outside because of the effects of age, the elements and other factors on the statue, Fischer said.
County officials are exploring the idea of moving it to the former Globe Store, the future Lackawanna County Government Center, county Chief of Staff Andy Wallace said. The post is raising money to obtain a new, bronze version of the statue to be placed at Duffy Park once work on the bridge, also named for Duffy, is complete, Gunnin said.
Contact the writer: cover@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100 x5363; @ClaytonOver on Twitter
Uber Say It Will Cooperate With Investigation After Pedestrian Killed In Arizona Uber says it is cooperating with an investigation into a fatal accident involving one of its self-driving vehicles over the weekend. A woman in Tempe, Arizona, was struck and killed as she was crossing a street outside of a crosswalk, according to police.
A chronic lack of food, partly due to resources that are diverted to the military, has made humanitarian aid provided by the UN and others “literally a lifeline for some 13 million acutely vulnerable individuals,” he said.
Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein told the Security Council that the international security crisis sparked by North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's military actions “is inseparable from concerns about the human rights situation of the ordinary people in the country.”
North Korea's leadership has cracked down further on human rights as tensions have escalated over its nuclear and missile tests, including beefing up restrictions on movements and making “horrific” prison conditions more severe, the UN rights chief said Monday.
Zeid urged the council to assess the human rights impact of sanctions — including controls over international banking transfers — that have slowed aid deliveries and to minimize the humanitarian consequences.
This was the fourth year the Security Council has discussed human rights in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, or DPRK, the country's official name. As in previous years, the meeting went ahead only after a procedural vote in the 15-member council where at least nine nations are required to support having the session.
On Monday, the human rights meeting was approved by 10 members and opposed by Russia and China, with Egypt and Ethiopia abstaining. China's deputy UN ambassador, Wu Haitao, whose country is North Korea's closest ally, said the meeting would be “counterproductive” at a time of heightened tensions.
North Korea's latest ballistic missile test demonstrated that it can threaten the U.S. mainland, and there is growing concern that it will soon be able to put a nuclear warhead on its missiles. U.S. President Donald Trump has vowed to stop the North Koreans from reaching such capability, increasing the possibility of conflict.
“Indeed, the context of military tensions seems to have deepened the extremely serious human rights violations endured” by the 25 million North Koreans, the UN high commissioner for human rights said.
North Korea's UN Mission strongly condemned the meeting — as it has in the past — calling it “a desperate act of the hostile forces which lost the political and military confrontation with the DPRK that has openly risen to the position of nuclear weapon state.” It called the human rights issue in the country “non-existent.”
“If the U.S. and other hostile forces think of browbeating the DPRK by the discussion of ‘human rights issues' in the Security Council, it is nothing else than a daydream that will not be realized ever,” it said in a statement.
North Korea has barred UN human rights officials from visiting the country, but Zeid said people who have escaped from North Korea have reported “extremely widespread violations of rights in almost every aspect of people's lives.”
“In recent months, military tensions have led to more severe controls over freedom of movement and civil and political rights for the people of the DPRK,” he said.
Zeid pointed to new physical barriers being erected along North Korea's border and increased surveillance.
He also criticized China for returning North Koreans who escape from their country, saying they “are routinely subjected to multiple forms of torture and ill-treatment,” including women who are subjected “to invasive body searches” that may amount to rape under international law.
Zeid said his office has received more than 70 reports of women, men and children who escaped again after being sent back by Chinese authorities who decided they were “economic migrants,” disregarding “the overwhelming human rights violations taking place in the country.”
He also cited horrific conditions in prisons and labour camps, and widespread torture in detention centres used to extract information or confessions about people planning to leave the country, illegally using foreign telecommunications networks to contact people abroad, or engaging in smuggling activities.
Detainees are forced to work in mines or on building projects, face beatings, “and are being fed so little they barely survive,” Zeid said.
There are reportedly five secret political prison camps that instil fear and function as “a powerful instrument of control,” he said.
U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley told the council that the systematic human rights violations against North Korea's people “are a means to a single end: Keeping the Kim Jong-un regime in power.”
“The regime is using that power to develop an unnecessary arsenal and support enormous conventional military forces that pose a grave risk to international peace and security,” she said. “Their menacing march towards nuclear weapons begins with the oppression and exploitation of ordinary North Korean people.”
Haley said an estimated 100,000 North Koreans, including children, are in prisons, many because North Korea practices “guilt-by-association” and allows up to three generations of a family to be imprisoned along with an accused family member.
“Defectors have reported that all North Koreans age 12 and older are required to attend public executions — a graphic reminder of consequences of disobedience of the government,” she added.
Haley said the majority of asylum seekers are women, many of them trafficked. If women are repatriated while pregnant, she said they are tortured and forced to have abortions. If their baby is born alive, it is killed in an effort to maintain “ethnic purity,” she said.
KARACHI : Chairman United Business Group (UBG) of FPCCI Iftekhar Ali Malik has said that UBG's manifesto is to address traders' issues and to put forward recommendations for economic reform to the government.
“Our group will again sweep the apex body's elections with a majority of votes as the performance of FPCCI office bearers, in the last two years, remained extraordinary,” he said, addressing a dinner reception hosted by All Pakistan Customs Agents' Association (APCA) in connection with the forthcoming FPCCI elections at a hotel.
Malik further said that Pakistan was facing severe challenges while process of industrialization was almost stopped. He urged businessmen to change their conventional thinking approach and come up with some plans such as value-addition to their items, enhancement of research and development (R&D), product branding etc, with a vision to compete the regional and global competitors.
“We can get handsome prices by exporting value-added items to the international market. For value-addition, transfer of technology is a must,” he said.
UBG's patron-in-chief S M Munir appreciated Zubair F Tufail's his performances as president FPCCI in 2017.
He said Zubair is going to complete his tenure and he has secured around Rs 20 million cash in the FPCCI exchequer. He said two state of the art FPCCI offices would be established in Lahore and Peshawar which would help resolve the traders' issues in future. A large number of UBG members including Zubair F. Tufail, A Haseeb Khan, Illyas Bilor, Gulzar Firoz, Khalid Tawab, Waheed Ahmed, Zahid Saeed, Arshad Jamal, Arif Yousuf Jewa, Senior Vice Chairman All Pakistan LPG Distributors Association Pakistan(Sindh Zone)Imran Farooqi, Farooq Afzal, Waseem Vohra, Hanif Gohar, Amir Ata Bajqa attended the meeting.
Orignally published by NNI
United States' Jozy Altidore celebrates in front of fans after scoring a goal against Panama during the first half of a World Cup qualifying match on Friday. (Photo: John Raoux, Associated Press)
Orlando, Fla. — Christian Pulisic burst up the field, scoring with a brilliant touch to complete an 11-second, breakneck, field-length attack just eight minutes in.
Then his cross found Jozy Altidore's right foot like an arrow striking a bull's-eye , leading to a two-goal lead in the 19th minute.
Exhale, U.S. fans.
Altidore converted a penalty kick with a chip in the 43rd after Bobby Wood was fouled, Wood added a goal in the 63rd and the United States routed Panama, 4-0, on Friday night to put the Americans back on track to reach next year's World Cup.
“We needed a win, but the job's not done,” Pulisic said.
The U.S. ended a three-match winless streak in qualifying and with 12 points moved two ahead of Panama into third place — the last automatic berth — in the North and Central American and Caribbean region. Honduras has nine points going into its match Saturday at Costa Rica, which is second with 15,
Goal difference means the Americans put themselves in great shape to reach an eighth straight World Cup, almost certainly with a win Tuesday in their finale at already eliminated Trinidad and Tobago and likely with a draw against the Soca Warriors if Honduras fails to win Saturday. The U.S. is plus-five to minus-two for Panama and minus-seven for Honduras.
“We're well positioned to hopefully qualify for Russia. The game in Trinidad is not going to be an easy one,” said coach Bruce Arena, who led the U.S. at the 2002 and 2006 World Cups, then returned after the Americans opened the hexagonal last fall with two losses under Jurgen Klinsmann.
“This team went from 0-2 in November with a minus-five goal differential, we're now at plus-what, five, right?” Arena said. “I know everyone thought we were going to qualify in whatever, six games in 2017. It doesn't happen that way. So I think we're moving along well. We've advanced from sixth to third position with goal differential. Now we have to finish it off on Tuesday in Trinidad.”
Playing his first international match since he turned 19 last month, Pulisic was moved to central midfield from the flanks and sparked the attack from the opening whistle with pace and ball control seldom seen from an American.
“He was able to just disrupt them in so many ways, and you saw the difference he can make in the middle of the park, being able to go each way and just being so dynamic,” Altidore said. “I hate to kind of pour too much praise on him. I know he's a young kid. He's got a lot of work to do. But you can't help not see the difference he makes when he's on the field, especially when he's in the middle of everything.”
Tension built after last month's 2-0 loss to Costa Rica in New Jersey and a 1-1 tie at Honduras. The Americans dropped to fourth, which earns a playoff next month against Australia or Syria, and were in danger of finishing fifth and missing the World Cup for the first time since 1986.
A defeat would have meant the U.S. could finish no better than fourth.
“Of course there was pressure,” defender Matt Besler said. “We all felt it and felt a big responsibility for the team and for our country.”
Arena started five attacking players, with Pulisic flanked by Darlington Nagbe and Paul Arriola, and Altidore and Wood up top. Panama coach Hernan Dario Gomez said the U.S. was “superior in total” and the score could have been 10-0 at halftime.
“On a night where so much was online, maybe everything, we played in a way from the get-go that gave no doubt as to who was going to win the game,” U.S. captain Michael Bradley said.
Pulisic fed an open Altidore for a good opportunity in the third minute, Arriola shot wide in the fourth and Wood in the fifth.
After Gabriel Gomez broke free from Omar Gonzalez and shot wide from 19 yards, Tim Howard's goal kick was headed forward by Wood about 10 yards past midfield.
Altidore one-timed the ball square to a sprinting Pulisic, and the midfielder reached back with his left leg to flick the ball ahead. Pulisic jumped to avoid defender Roman Torres' challenge and used the outside of his right foot to play the ball forward.
As goalkeeper Jaime Penedo came off his line, Pulisic used the outside of his right foot again to tap the ball wide and jumped over Penedo's outstretched arm. At the edge of the 6-yard box and just 2 yards from the endline, Pulisic reached with his right foot to slot the ball in, completing a 112-yard U.S. move. Pulisic tumbled over as the ball rolled in for his eighth goal in 19 international appearances, his fourth in the hex.
“Jozy just laid it off to me and I was just gone, I guess,” Pulisic said.
Pulisic created the second goal when he played the ball between his feet and faked Michael Murillo on the left flank. Pulisic broke free and fed Altidore, who split the center backs and redirected the ball in from 5 yards for his first goal of the hexagonal — the 11th of 14 U.S. goals in the hex that Pulisic played a part in.
Wood drew the penalty kick after he exchanged passes with Paul Arriola along a flank, broke past Felipe Baloy, spurted diagonally into the penalty area and was pushed down by Armando Cooper. As Pinedo dived to his left, Altidore chipped the ball down the center for his 41st international goal.
Hacked down several times by Panamanians, Pulisic was removed in the 57th minute and walked off to a standing ovation from the sellout crowd of 25,303 at Orlando City Stadium, which opened in February, Wood added his 10th international goal off a pass from Arriola.
“The job isn't quite done yet,” Bradley said. “We've got enjoy this, use it for confidence and spirit and make sure that come Tuesday we're ready to finish the job.”
Menlo Park's 11th Annual Downtown Block Party set for August 16
Menlo Park's 11th Annual Downtown Block Party, sponsored by the City of Menlo Park and the Menlo Park Chamber of Commerce, will take place on Wednesday, August 16, from 5:30 to 8:30 pm. The event includes entertainment for the whole family including live music, kid's activities, food and fun.
This year's theme is “Menlo on the Move,” celebrating transportation. Test drive the newest in transportation technology including electric vehicles and E-Bikes. Children can tour Santa Cruz Avenue on the trackless train. Bike parking is provided as well as an opportunity for free bike tuneups and repairs
Nutty the Squirrel will be on hand for photos. Bring your blankets and lawn chairs, because once the block party is over, there will be a special showing of the movie Cars (2006) at 8:30 pm on the Paseo at Chestnut Street.
Originally appeared on menlopark.org; used with permission
Negroni, Sbagliato, Bicicletta. From Brunswick to Chippendale, bitter aperitivo drinks are officially the new black. But ask an Italian and they'll tell you that ‘aperitivo hour' isn't just about what's in your glass, it's a daily ritual that embodies the spirit of ‘la dolce vita'.
You don't need to look too far to see that the Spritz is having a big moment in Australia right now. It crept its colourful way into bars and backyards a few summers ago with the approachable and now ubiquitous Aperol Spritz, coinciding with a global resurgence in aperitif drinks across the board (hello vermouth, sherry, pastis). But while it's all very well to embrace the bitter refreshment of fashionable Italian pre-dinner drinks, it seems a shame not to do as the Italians do and partake in the accompanying cultural and culinary joys of aperitivo hour too. The word aperitivo is derived from the Latin aprire, which means ‘to open'. On a practical level, it refers to the ritual of taking a dry or bitter drink ahead of a meal in order to ‘open' one's stomach and prime the appetite, but on a social level fare un'aperitivo is the Italian answer to happy hour – just with more food, less drunkenness, and a double shot of convivial Italian ebullience.
In their recent book Spritz, authors Talia Baiocchi and Leslie Pariseau describe aperitivo hour as, “An attitude – a devil-may-care moment in the day when the Italian Dream seems a little more tangible.” Having perfected the art over several summers spent in Italy in my youth, I'd have to agree. There's just something so evocative and enduring about sipping bitter bubbly drinks in a bustling Italian piazza at dusk. If you too have been lucky enough to holiday in Venice, Milan or Rome, you'll know the scene well – it's that magical time of the day (usually between 4:30 and 9pm) when work is done for the day and the night is still young. It's when the young, the old, the humble and the fabulous all gravitate to their local piazza bar to meet friends and unwind with a not-too-boozy drink and a few simple salty snacks (olives, nuts, potato chips, crostini and the like always come gratis with an aperitivo drink in Italian bars).
OK, so we like the Italian drinks, what do we need to learn about Italian drinking culture?
REPORTS that the colourful Sydney Ibrahim family have been linked to significant investments on the Northern Rivers have set local tongues wagging.
According to reports in the Sydney Morning Herald, Pacific Blue Property Holdings, headed by John Ibrahim's financial controller Margaret Staltaro, has paid $1.45m for a macadamia farm on Hinterland Way, Newrybar.
Ibrahim's property developer friend Bart Elias is also linked to the $20 million dollar food hub development on the outskirts of Bangalow.
The food hub development will be discussed at a joint regional planning panel in Bangalow on Thursday.
While members of his family are currently the subject of an Australian Federal Police investigation into drug and tobacco importation, news of business interests linked to Kings Cross night-club owner, John Ibrahim, have spread like wildfire throughout the community.
John was not arrested or charged in last week's raids.
Bangalow resident Ean Jones said he was pleased the JRPP will hold an open session to discuss the controversial food hub proposed by Chase Lismore Road Pty Ltd.
The planning proposals seek to house expanding Byron Shire food businesses, with Brookfarm and Salumi as two potential anchor tenants and possible tenants Byron Bay Cookie Company/Byron Bay Fine Foods and Byron Bay Ginger Nectar Company.
Mr Jones said the development application, which is roughly twice the size of Bangalow Fair, has received 500 submissions.
"The fact the JRPP is holding a public meeting is highly appropriate and highly democratic," he said.
"We hope this does not get approved as it could send a very very bad precedent for NSW landowners across the state for putting factories on any bit of farm land."
But independent town planner Paul De Fina, who is engaged by Chase Lismore Road Pty Ltd, said it's all about supporting the region's growth.
Mr De Fina said the Northern Rivers area would continue to experience strong growth as more people flock to the area.
In the original DA, Mr De Fina listed the food hub would cost $20 million including GST, but when speaking to The Northern Star he cited a much higher amount.
"I am working for the company who wishes to build the $36 million development (and) we are talking 300 jobs and people have objected to this," he said.
"I would like my sons to have real jobs, not making coffee for the rest of their lives."
Mr De Fina said he felt it curious Byron Shire had decided to go against the development without making any reports into the viability of the project.
A spokesman for Byron Shire Council said they had recently re exhibited the development application for the food hub for the processing and preparation of food on a 26-hectare property on Lismore Road at Bangalow.
The original development application was placed on exhibition in May last year and a range of issues were raised in submissions including flooding, traffic and access to the site from Lismore Road.
"The applicant submitted further information to Byron Shire Council to address the issues raised, particularly involving traffic and access," the spokesman said.
"Staff are now reviewing all submissions received from both exhibitions as part of the assessment process (and) following this review, staff will compile an independent assessment report for submission to the JRPP for their consideration
and determination of the development application."
Copies of all submissions from both exhibition periods will also be sent to the JRPP for review.
At its August meeting, Byron Shire Council resolved to make a submission to the JRPP opposing the development application, based on the information and detail provided by the applicant.
Queensland Health is urging people to get the flu jab as the state records its highest weekly total of flu cases in the past five years.
Ekka visitors are being urged to practice good hygiene after more than 4000 Queenslanders fell ill with the flu in the past week.
There have already been 19,216 people across the state struck down since January.
With the Ekka public holiday coming days after the highest weekly total of flu cases in the past five years, Queensland Health is urging people to take precautions, particularly at events.
Infectious diseases advisor Dr Christopher Coulter has encouraged people to practice cough etiquette, which he said was "coughing into tissues, sneezing into tissues and disposing of those tissues properly".
"We have seen quite a significant increase in the number of influenza cases," he told reporters on Tuesday.
"It's actually higher than some of our most recent years."
Of those struck down, about 75 per cent had contracted the more severe influenza A strain.
Flu season generally peaks after the Ekka public holiday and sometimes as late as September.
But already 2,145 people have been admitted to public hospitals, with 222 needing intensive care.
Dr Coulter said sick people should stay home and he urged people to have a flu vaccination.
"For some people in high risk categories influenza can be deadly so it's crucial we all play our part to help stop it spreading and reduce its effects on the community," he said.
Germany has become the focal point of troubling questions about Europe's political fragility and the decline of globalization. But investors may be better off focusing on the country's neighbours. European markets breathed a sigh of relief Tuesday after German Chancellor Angela Merkel struck an agreement over immigration with Interior Minister Horst Seehofer. The threat of a collapse in Germany's coalition government has subsided. But the issue hasn't gone away: The rise of populist governments, especially in Italy, has put migration front and centre. Europe's porous borders ensure that any national problem becomes a European problem.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel and German Interior Minister Horst Seehofer at the start of a CDU/CSU parliamentary group meeting on Tuesday in Berlin. ( John MacDougall / Agence France-Presse )
Meanwhile, the trade dispute raging between U.S. President Donald Trump and China threatens to engulf Germany. The country's current-account surplus amounts to some 8% of gross domestic product. Car exports to the U.S., which account for 0.7% of German GDP, according to Citigroup, are a particular bugbear for Mr. Trump. That has shaken investors: The Euro Stoxx automobiles and parts index is down 11% this year. Still, Germany isn't the best country for investors to bet against. Berenberg thinks a 25% U.S. tariff on car imports would mean just a 0.15% direct hit to German GDP. And the country is well-placed to withstand slower growth. Its economy has been humming and its fiscal position is strong, with government debt down to 64.1% of GDP at the end of 2017. The indirect impact on business confidence throughout the eurozone could be much greater than any direct hit from tariffs. Other countries, like Italy, are far weaker fiscally, and are still posting weak growth. With the European Central Bank still running ultraloose monetary policy, many economists are doubtful about the eurozone's capacity to react to fresh economic trouble.
Article Continued Below
Moreover, Bunds are the haven asset in the eurozone, so markets offer Germany respite in times of trouble. While political risk in Italy has sent its bond yields soaring, stress in Germany has helped lower its cost of borrowing. The 10-year Bund yield dipped below 0.3% Monday. Instead, trouble for Germany can spread quickly through markets to other parts of Europe. That reflects Germany's position as an anchor in Europe. Politics and trade may yet cause that anchor to slip. But southern Europe, not Germany, would likely bear the brunt.
Read more about:
CANKER sores, or aphthous ulcers, are small sores on the inside of the mouth. They can occur in both men and women of any age, but they're more common in women and in people between the ages of 10 and 40. Around 20 percent of the population get these types of sores, according to the National Institutes of Health (NIH). Canker sores are usually very painful, but are benign and are not contagious.
There are three types of canker sores: minor, major and herpetiform. Minor canker sores are the most common and are a half-inch (12 mm) in diameter and oval shaped, according to the Mayo Clinic. The pain usually goes away in a few days and the sores completely clear up without scarring in one to two weeks, without the need for medication.
Major canker sores are bigger than a half-inch in diameter and have irregular edges, according to the Mayo Clinic. They can take up to six weeks to heal and can leave scars. Herpetiform canker sores, are a less common form of sore. It usually forms in older people and appear in clusters of 10 to 100. The sores are no bigger than one-eighth of an inch (3 mm) in diameter, have irregular edges and heal in one to two weeks.
Along with all three types of canker sores, it's not uncommon to experience fever, swollen lymph nodes or listlessness as additional symptoms. A person may feel a tingling in the mouth before the sore appears.
Canker sores are commonly mistaken for cold sores, but the two conditions are very different. One way to distinguish between a cold sore and a canker sore is by location. While canker sores always occur inside the mouth, cold sores do not. “An outbreak generally causes small blisters or sores around the mouth, and they heal within a couple of weeks,” said Dr. Alan Mensch, senior vice president of medical affairs at North Shore-Long Island Jewish's Plainview and Syosset hospitals.
There is no single cause for canker sores, according to the National Library of Medicine. Many are caused from minor injury to the inside of the mouth, whether from accidentally biting the tongue or cheek, an injury from dental work, eating overly spicy or acidic foods or overzealous teeth cleaning. Hormone changes, food allergies, autoimmune conditions, viral infections and possibly genetics may cause these types of sores, as well.
Several studies have found that there is a genetic connection and those with a family history are more likely to have more severe sores, according to the National Library of Medicine. For example, one study published in the journal Oral Surgery, Oral Medicine, Oral Pathology Oral Radiology.
Related
Tammy Abraham has his eye on crowning a fine debut season in senior football by winning the Sky Bet Championship top scorer award after finding the net again in Bristol City's draw at Blackburn Rovers.
The on-loan Chelsea striker has now scored 22 Championship goals this season – three behind Leeds United's Chris Wood – with three matches to play.
He opened the scoring for City in the first half at Ewood Park, before Sam Gallagher's second-half header gave Rovers a point.
And Abraham feels his City team-mates can help propel him to the golden boot in their closing games against Barnsley, Brighton & Hove Albion and Birmingham City.
“After seeing today's performance, and our recent performances, we could go out there and get so many goals on the pitch,” said Abraham.
“I just have to be in and around the goals and hopefully I can get the Championship top scorer.”
(Photo: Matt McNulty/JMP)
His goal at Ewood Park was a finish head coach Lee Johnson described as “exquisite” – and Abraham explained why he had opted for such an unconventional flicked effort to beat David Raya.
“It's about having a variation of finishing,” he said. “The ball kind of bounced awkwardly and I had to adapt with my finish, and luckily I used the outside of my right foot and got a good finish.
“I kind of put my body to the left side, so the keeper would think I would take it round him, and he adjusted to my side. As I knew he was coming to my side, I used my opposite leg to flick it past him.”
Abraham was one of several City players to miss good opportunities to seal the game – and, on the whole, they were unfortunate to come away with a 1-1 draw rather than a victory.
The result saw City continue their fine form since a 5-0 defeat at Preston North End two weeks ago.
They have since beaten Wolves 3-1 and QPR 2-1 – and are four points, and four places, above the drop zone going into their last three games.
Asked what had prompted the recent uplift in form, Abraham said: “I think we had to wake up a bit.
“We knew we shouldn't be in this position; we knew we have fantastic players and a fantastic team, and when you see our last three performances, you see we should never be down there, we should be up there fighting for the top six.”
The in-form striker, 19, also discussed how his first full season in senior football had been a learning curve, particularly given City's ongoing battle to beat relegation.
“Me coming up from Chelsea academy, it was more like winning, winning, winning, so you never got to see the losing side, and how many goals mean and how many points mean, as much as how it is now,” he said. “It's been a massive learning curve.”
Mackenzie's Beach Clean Up, now in its tenth year, will take place Saturday, May 5 from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
The cleanup was started by then four-year-old Mackenzie when she noticed that the beaches were dirty and she wanted to clean the trash.
There will be three check-in tables this year, one at Walnut Beach, one at Silver Sands State Park and one at Gulf Beach.
The clean up is co-sponsored by the Walnut Beach Association, Save the Sound and
the Stratford Home Depot. Bags and gloves will be provided and there will be
free ice cream for the first 100 volunteers, donated by Walnut Beach Creamery.
Check out the facebook page: www.facebook.com/mackenziesbeachcleanup
U.S. President Donald Trump and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau shake hands during a joint press conference in the East Room of the White House on Monday. ( MANDEL NGAN / AFP/GETTY IMAGES )
As journalism is lauded for its efforts in a Trump world, it vies to be read, even by those whose outrage is sparked by shade being thrown at this divisive figure. Resignations are called for, probes demanded. A fracas ensues, a kerfuffle even. It's quite the dust-up. Five fast facts you need to know about the imbroglio are curated and cited. I dislike the word “hub.” I won't soft-pedal this, it vexes me. Same with “tweak,” which Trump used Monday to refer to Canadian-American trade agreements that he will not tear up, though he likely won't dial back on his relentless attacks on an embattled southern neighbour. (He has his dukes up. I don't actually know what this means, probably something to do with cars or maybe bullfighting.) Other words I decry: fashionista, sweet treat, fodder. As I mull them, they raise my ire and I rue their usage. I'd reach out to ask headline writers what they were thinking but I recoil lest they slam me.
Article Continued Below
Let's double down, take a deep dive into why readers are averse to veering into mainstream media of yore. It will be a game-changer, even in print where these archaic words were devised. Language is resilient despite our attempts to level the playing field into a flatland of clichés. Here's my take. Shall I stop now? I'll try. The kind of words I laud, sorry, prefer, are the kind that English-speakers would use in conversation. Online sites that understand how to subliminally attract readers will not create barriers. Over here, they say, and one happily changes lanes.
But many media websites continue to use an olde worlde language. Readers don't necessarily register that they have taken an off-ramp. But suddenly they have the sensation that they have actually driven the wrong way. They are in a place where normal conversational English isn't spoken. Each time readers experience this, they feel unwelcome at some level and are less likely to return. Journalism is fast and impermanent. It's written in haste with a 3 p.m. deadline 10 minutes ago and it doesn't work if it's delivered with pomposity. At their best, Brits write with cleverness and Americans with casual ease. The British media have done a better job than have the Americans at translating English from Faux Literary to Spoken Word. I can't speak for Canadians but we're all trying here. The American is like sportswear — comfortable and a thing of beauty — so why don't they use it in newspapers online? Bob Odenkirk, who plays scam artist Jimmy McGill in AMC's Better Call Saul, is also a writer, his most recent book A Load of Hooey. No one handles the American demotic better. It flows like honey. No, that's a cliché and a fake analogy. You don't pour honey onto your toast. Odenkirk's words flow like laundry detergent. Online I could tell you how Slippin' Jimmy tells a bingo crowd at a seniors home how he was once arrested for a public act known as the Chicago Sunroof. It is one of the strangest and funniest monologues I've ever seen performed. In print, I don't know if it would be permitted. When the “University” episode of The Sopranos — Ralph Cifaretto beats a young stripper to death in the Bada Bing parking lot — ran on HBO in April 2001, network TV knew it was finished unless it could compete with offering viewers that level of fake reality. One network sent the episode around head office asking what could be done. Nothing, apparently. Cable won. It was better. With that lesson in mind, why is news still delivered so woodenly? “World is suddener than we fancy it. World is crazier and more of it than we think,” wrote Louis MacNeice in his 1935 poem “Snow.” Journalism has to describe this world. Who's rising to the challenge? Who isn't? The competition to see who can draw readers, if not advertising, will soon become a life struggle. If your headline on Trudeau disciplining a Trump handshake on the White House steps Monday didn't include “yank,” “jerk” and a play-by-play analysis with reference to a 90-degree angle of arm, centre of gravity and the classic Hand Sandwich move, then it failed. Here's a test. Sean Spicer yesterday referred to Trump's “incredibly productive set of meetings with PM Joe Trudeau of Canada.” Write a headline, please. I wait agog. hmallick@thestar.ca
Central Bank of India shares lost 3.98% to Rs97.60 on BSE. On NSE, shares of the company dipped 3% to Rs99. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: Shares of Central Bank of India fell by 4% on Thursday as the company has been placed under the RBI's watchlist on Prompt Corrective Action (PCA) owing to high bad loans and negative return on assets. The stock lost 3.98% to Rs97.60 on BSE.
On NSE, shares of the company dipped 3% to Rs99. IDBI Bank, Indian Overseas Bank, UCO Bank and Dena Bank have already come under the PCA initiated by the Reserve Bank, which is a noose-tightening on fresh loan disbursal as well as dividend distribution.
“Reserve Bank of India, vide its letter dated 13 June 2017, has put the bank under Prompt Corrective Action in view of high NPA (non-performing assets) and negative return on assets (RoA),” Central Bank of India said in a regulatory filing on Thursday.
For the fiscal ended March 2017, the bank reported a net loss of Rs2,439 crore, against a loss of Rs1,418 crore in 2015-16. Net non-performing assets (NPAs) also jumped to 10.20% of net advances for the fiscal from 7.36% year ago.
The employees of Municipal Committee have been protesting for the last two months against the Chairman of Taluka Lakhi, District Shikarpur, for the release of their salaries. The people have bills to pay and mouths to feed.
They are being deprived of their hard earned money and the authorities have allowed them to be treated like slaves. It is high time that the Sindh Chief Minister and Chief Secretary look into this matter and take action, which is their duty.
ZAMIR AHMED MEMON
Shikarpur
Related
CORTLAND, Ohio (AP) -- Ohio officials have granted a woman's request to have President Donald Trump's mysterious tweeted typo, "covfefe," on her license plate.
Brittany Scott tells The Columbus Dispatch in May she saw a Twitter post by Trump that read: "Despite the constant negative press covfefe."
The 29-year-old Cortland woman says she wrote in her application that her request stemmed from a tweet from the 45th president of the United States, and the Ohio Bureau of Motor Vehicles approved it.
Scott says she hasn't received any complaints online or from fellow motorists.
A bureau committee examines hundreds of applications each day for vanity plates, denying profane, obscene or sexually explicit ones. It also rejects those it determines could provoke violence or advocate lawlessness.
Cortland is about 64 miles (103 kilometers) southeast of Cleveland.
Richie Porte has tweeted a photo of himself back on the bike, joking that his lycra seems to have shrunk.
Richie Porte is excited to be back on his bike, even if his lycra feels a bit more snug.
The Australian cycling star tweeted a photo on Monday as he was about to have his first road ride since last month's horrific Tour de France crash.
Porte was fifth in the overall standings on July 9 when he crashed at high speed on the technical Mont du Chat descent near the end of stage nine.
The Tasmanian suffered a fractured pelvis, a broken collarbone and plenty of road rash.
"Heading out on the road for the 1st time since my crash, feels like first day back at school. So excited!," Porte tweeted.
The photo he posted showed the smiling cycling star astride his bike and he looked in good health.
But his post also carried the hashtag #mylycrahasshrunk.
There is no indication yet when the BMC team leader will return to racing.
While broken collarbones are considered occupational hazards among pro cyclists, a pelvis fracture is a much more significant injury.
Porte had been in the form of his life this season and was one of the key Tour favourites.
Get Weekly Fashion updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's the classic look that works season to season that we all want to be able to copy - feline eyeliner flicks.
But perfecting this on-trend look is not as easy as we thought, so we've enlisted the help of Benefit's make-up artist supremo and author of new book Easy on the Eyes, Lisa Potter-Dixon, to actually show us how it's done.
Lisa says: "Every day I get asked how to create the perfect classic flick. It's such an iconic look, made famous by the likes of Marilyn Monroe and Audrey Hepburn. However, it's also one of the biggest beauty dilemmas out there, as it always seems so complicated.
"I've allowed 15 minutes for this look, but the more you practise the quicker you will get. You'll be classic flick experts in no time, as this is a lot easier than you think - just follow these steps.
"Pick the colour and type of liner that you would like to use. Black is a classic, and I prefer a gel liner because it gives a matte finish, but that doesn't mean you can't use one of the many liners out there."
This is what you'll need…
A brow pencil or powder (perfect brows are essential for this look
Black gel liner or liquid liner
Black mascara
Watch Lisa walking you through the steps in the video or follow her steps below.
(Image: Tom Andrew)
Step 1
I always start by applying my liner in the centre of the upper eyelid - I just find it easier to see what I'm doing that way. So, starting in the centre, draw a line each way along the top lash line, as close to the lashes as possible.'
Step 2
From the outside corner of your eye, draw a line angled upwards, approximately 5mm in length, towards the end of your brow.
Step 3
From the tip of this line, draw back towards the lash line about a third of the way along the eye.
Step 4
Fill the gap and apply mascara.
Tip: Don't be afraid to try a classic flick if you are more mature - it can look fantastic
Easy on the Eyes, by Lisa Potter Dixon (£14.99, Ryland Peters & Small). Photography by Tom Andrew.
NONPROBATE NOTICE TO CREDITORS
RCW 11.42.030
SUPERIOR COURT OF WASHINGTON FOR CLARK COUNTY
IN THE MATTER OF THE NONPROBATE ESTATE OF ROBERT A. COMBS, Deceased.
Case No. 18-4-00474-9
The Notice Agent named below has elected to give notice to creditors of the above-named decedent. As of the date of the filing of a copy of this notice with the court, the Notice Agent has no knowledge of any other person acting as Notice Agent or of the appointment of a personal representative of the decedent's estate in the State of Washington. According to the records of the court as are available on the date of the filing of this notice with the court, a cause number regarding the decedent has not been issued to any other Notice Agent and a Personal Representative of the decedent's estate has not been appointed.
Any persons having a claim against the decedent must, before the time the claim would be barred by any otherwise applicable statute of limitations, present the claim in the manner as provided in RCW 11.42.070 by serving on or mailing to the Notice Agent or the Notice Agent's attorney at the address stated below a copy of the claim and filing the original of the claim with the court in which the Notice Agent's declaration and oath were filed. The claim must be presented within the later of: (1) Thirty days after the Notice Agent served or mailed the notice to the creditor as provided under RCW 11.42.020(2)(c); or (2) four months after the date of first publication of the notice. If the claim is not presented within this time frame, the claim is forever barred, except as otherwise provided in RCW 11.42.050 and 11.42.060. This bar is effective as to claims against both the decedent's probate and nonprobate assets. Date of First Publication: May 25, 2018 The Notice Agent declares under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of Washington on May 11, 2018 at Vancouver, Washington that the foregoing is true and correct. Dave McGrath, Trustee of the Combs Revocable Living Trust dated May 15, 2009, Notice Agent By: /s/ Dave McGrath Signature of Notice Agent, Trustee Notice Agent: Dave McGrath Attorney for the Notice Agent: Justin J. Curtiss, WSBA#51383 Landerholm, P.S.
Address for Mailing or Service: 805 Broadway, Suite 1000, P.O. Box 1086
Vancouver, WA 98666-1086 360-696-3312 Court of Notice Agent's Oath
and Declaration: Superior Court of Washington for Clark County Cause number: 18-4-00474-9
Landerholm, 805 Broadway Street, Suite 1000, PO Box 1086, Vancouver, WA 98666 T: 360-696-3312 • F: 360-696-2122
May 25 Jun 1, 8 2018
Comments
comments
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — A Florida bakery claims faulty cake pans created a dessert disaster and has taken the pan-maker to court.
Alessi Bakeries of Tampa says a new, undisclosed component in pans the bakery bought caused the pans to warp, ruining $120,000 of their Tres Leches cakes.
The Tampa Bay Times (http://bit.ly/2t1HDyn) reports Alessi paid $5,000 for about 35,000 pans from US Foods Inc. Once the cakes were baked, the pans wouldn't support the weight of the cakes and became deformed.
Tres Leches is a sponge cake soaked with a mixture of three milks: evaporated milk, sweetened condensed milk, and heavy cream.
Alessi is seeking damages for the ruined cakes, as well as the cost of the pans.
Reached Tuesday, US Foods said it doesn't comment on pending litigation.
“Not at all,” Horwath said Wednesday after the Progressive Conservatives, who have slipped to second place according to most public-opinion polls, accused her of “indulging offensive and radical elements in her party.”
“It is fair to ask whether there is a point at which Ms. Horwath is prepared to stand up to the radical interests in the NDP and stand up for the people who are hurt by her offensive candidates?” said Clark, whose own party has endured its share of candidates' dubious Facebook and Twitter posts.
Horwath bristled at the suggestion her party, which polls indicate could win the June 7 election, is biased against the police.
“In fact, I've spent a great deal of time over these last number of years meeting not only with the chiefs of police as a group, but also with the police associations,” she said, acknowledging she was shocked by Andrew's post.
“It's the kind of statement that takes one aback. My understanding is it's language that, within the Black community is utilized to show displeasure when there are Black leaders who are not felt to be doing enough to address Black community issues,” the NDP leader said.
“As somebody who is not from the Black community, when I saw that post that was made public by the Conservatives, it was surprising. It's not something that I would ever say, but we do know that there are lots of situations where Black activists are trying to make some change and put some pressure on large institutions to help change the culture.”
London Fire Claims 12 As Death Toll Rises
Audio will be available later today.
London police confirm 12 dead, but fear a rising death toll from a fire overnight in a public housing high-rise where tenants had long complained of shoddy conditions.
There's really nothing chic about trekking to the laundromat, but Hermès is ready to put an end to that.
The French fashion house is launching a laundromat-inspired pop-up shop, Hermèsmatic, in New York on June 14th. Open to the public, the store will offer complimentary dip-dye services on the brand's silk scarves. Giving a major upgrade to the traditional laundromat, the shop features washing machines in Hermès' signature orange hue that perform the dip-dye service. There are also matching orange laundry baskets and Hermès logos plastered all over the walls—which make the idea of throwing a load of wash in sound pretty chic.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Alan Benoit/Hermès
Shoppers can either bring their own Hermès scarves for a fresh dip-dye makeover or purchase a one-of-a-kind scarf from the brand's vintage dip dye collection, which will be sold at the location. There are three different color options—fuchsia, violet, or denim blue—each with devoted washing machines that'll transform your scarf in 24 to 48 hours. Upon completion, your scarf will be hand-delivered to you because again, this is not your average neighborhood laundromat.
Alain Benoit/Hermès
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Following its debut in New York, the Hermèsmatic pop-up will travel to Washington D.C. in July, Nashville in October and Los Angeles in November.
Alain Benoit/Hermes
You can shop the Hermèsmatic pop-up experience at 90 Gansevoort St. from 11 AM to 8 PM daily from June 14 through June 18.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chelsea leads the queue of Premier League clubs ready to rescue Luke Shaw from his Old Trafford torment.
The 22-year-old left-back, who was a boyhood Chelsea fan - feels Jose Mourinho is freezing him out and is thinking about complaining to Manchester United chief Ed Woodward.
He was even substituted at half-time during Saturday's FA Cup quarter-final win over Brighton - throwing his future further into doubt.
Shaw is now likely to leave at the end of the season with Stamford Bridge a preferred option according to the Daily Mail - unless manager Mourinho leaves first.
The defender's team are aware of Chelsea's interest - as the look to rebuild after a poor season under current boss Antonio Conte.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Mourinho said he had taken Shaw off against Brighton because he'd failed to follow his tactical instructions and it is just the latest incident in a troubled relationship.
Last season, Mourinho described one of Shaw's displays as “his body with my brain” and told the England international to “accelerate the learning process”.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
This has sparked fears that it is an attempt to stop him leaving on the cheap and ensure United recoup the £30m they paid Southampton when he joined in 2014.
Shaw has been so upset by recent developments he is determined to quit this summer and will reject fresh terms, sources claim.
There appears no way back for Shaw MirrorSport understands may even take his grievances to executive vice-chairman Woodward.
However this may change in the unlikely event Mourinho leaves Old Trafford.
(Image: Manchester United)
Nemanja Matic admits it can be "difficult" working with Mourinho - and explains why
Meanwhile Manchester United are plotting a £40million move for Ryan Sessegnon to replace Shaw.
The Fulham wonderkid has been impressing Jose Mourinho and Fulham know that they might be powerless to stopping him leaving.
The Sun report that the 14-goal winger has been watched by United in his last three outings for Fulham and are preparing a potential offer.
(Image: Getty Images)
Sessegnon, 17, has been attracting interest from all of the top Premier League teams, with Tottenham initially thought to be winning the race.
Having started his career as a left-back, but now regularly featuring further up the field, he could be seen as an alternate option for Shaw.
British blue-chip stocks rose Monday, outperforming other major European benchmarks as the pound remained under pressure, MarketWatch reports.
London's leading stock benchmark, the FTSE 100, was trading at around two-week highs as bank shares bulked up.
How markets are moving: The FTSE 100 index moved 0.6% higher to 7,438.83, led by the financial and consumer goods sectors. On Friday, the benchmark jumped 1%, logging its biggest gain since November 28, according to FactSet data. For the whole of last week, the FTSE 100 moved up 1.3%.
The poundbought $1.3373, down from $1.3384 in New York late Friday. During that session, the UK currency lost the $1.35 handle. Against the euro, sterling on Monday fetched €1.1375, compared with €1.1368 on Friday.
As for UK bonds, the 10-year gilt yield fell 2 basis points to 1.254%, according to Tradeweb. Yields fall when prices rise.
What's moving markets: The pound was extending its losses made Friday. Analysts have attributed the fall in sterling to expectations that the UK government will make progress on its Brexit proposals ahead of the meeting of European Union leaders on Thursday and Friday.
A drop in sterling typically bolsters shares of multinational companies that make most of their earnings overseas. A weak pound can boost profits once they are converted from other currencies into sterling.
Traders are also looking ahead to monetary policy updates from central banks later in the week, with releases due from the Bank of England and the European Central Bank on Thursday. Before that, the US Federal Reserve will make its announcement on Wednesday, with an interest rate increase of a quarter of a percentage point expected.
The US move is seen as giving a boost to bank stocks. The “likes of HSBC [are] already welcoming Wednesday's Fed rate hike, which may help sector peers,” said analysts at Accendo Markets.
What strategists are saying: “Investors seem reluctant to buy sterling as they view the next phase [of Brexit talks as] more complicated than the first,” said Hussein Sayed, chief market strategist at FXTM, in a note. “I don't think the EU summit ... will reveal much, but blessings from EU leaders might lend some support to the pound.”
Banks gain: In the bank group, HSBC rose 1.8%, Lloyds Banking Group added 0.7% and Standard Chartered gained 1.9%. Barclays picked up 0.3%, but Royal Bank of Scotland was fractionally lower.
Bank stocks jumped Friday after a long-awaited agreement on banking rules by global finance officials highlighted that most lenders hold a sufficient amount of capital.
HSBC may also be coming in for extra attention after the bank said Monday that its deferred prosecution agreement with the US Department of Justice has expired, and that the Justice Department will file a motion with the US District Court seeking dismissal of the charges deferred by the agreement.
Stock movers: BAE Systems picked up 1% after the defense contractor signed a deal valued around £5bn ($6.68bn) to supply 24 Typhoon aircraft to the Qatari Emiri Air Force. Delivery is expected to start in late 2022.
This article was published by MarketWatch
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The Scranton School District has 19 days to erase a nearly $19 million budget deficit.
With a balanced budget due by the end of the year, the district could announce program cuts and layoffs by the end of the week. School directors have said 35 secondary school librarians and industrial arts and family and consumer sciences teachers may all lose their jobs at the end of the school year. The final number of teachers laid off could be higher, directors said Monday.
Those cuts likely won't be enough to balance the budget, which incudes $140.5 million in revenue and $159 million in expenses.
Directors will discuss options during a budget and finance committee meeting at 6 p.m. Thursday in the boardroom of the Administration Building, 425 N. Washington Ave. This will be the first official meeting of the full board.
“One of my main goals as the president of this board is to control spending,” said new President Barbara Dixon, who is also new to the board. “There's a lot of us who are working and looking. Everyone is trying to do their part here.”
Three new directors — Dixon, Katie Gilmartin and Paige Gebhardt Cognetti — have spent the last week examining the proposed 2018 budget and trying to find savings. As the district tries to balance the 2018 spending plan, officials still must control the general fund deficit, which could reach $40 million by the end of the year.
Administrators will discuss staffing projections Thursday, Dixon said.
“A lot of work is being done,” Gilmartin said. “Every effort is being made not to cut programs and compromise the quality of education. ... That's at the forefront of every conversation I'm hearing.”
Beyond the 2018 budget, new directors already started discussing improving the budgeting process. Changes may include making the budget easier to understand, receiving better monthly spending reports and changing from a calendar year to a traditional July-to-June fiscal year.
“We'll have a chance to make more of an impact next year,” Gilmartin said.
As the budget deadline looms, the board also is considering raising taxes and using one-time construction reimbursement money to help fill the gap. Directors also hope the state comes through with additional funding.
“We have to make these hard cuts,” Director Paul Duffy said. “Teacher cuts are unfortunately something we're still in the middle of looking at.”
Director Tom Schuster, chairman of the budget and finance committee, said Superintendent Alexis Kirijan, Ed.D., also will present a plan at Thursday's meeting.
Efforts to reach her were unsuccessful Monday.
“We're getting there, but we're not quite there yet,” Schuster said.
Contact the writer: shofius@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9133; @hofiushallTT on Twitter
If Furby and Tamagotchi got together and had babies, they'd have Hatchimals.
Hatchimals are the latest toy craze and must-have toy for the 2016 holiday season. You probably saw a lot of people talking about these things over the past few weeks, including celebrities, such as model Chrissy Teigen, who posted several videos to Instagram and Snapchat of her getting a Hatchimal. She spent the better part of Christmas day trying to hatch her egg and pretending that it was really for her newborn child, Luna.
Confused? No worries. Here's everything you need to know about Hatchimals.
Hatchimals are the new "it" toy for Americans. And, yes, they really hatch.
Created by toymaker Spin Masters, Hatchimals are practically impossible to find in actual stores. They're that in demand. They are basically little robot animals that come inside plastic eggs. In order to play with these plush, Furby-like creatures, which sort of look like penguins, you hatch the egg. Once you do, you can teach Hatchimal to walk and talk and play games. It grows from being a baby to a toddler and ultimately a kid.
You have to care for it, paying close attention to its eye colour to understand how it feels, and then you can respond accordingly. If it has purple eyes, for instance, it's hungry and needs to be fed. Sounds a lot like Tamagotchi, right?
Hatchimals: How do you hatch Hatchimals?
Just like a real egg, your Hatchimal will only hatch once, and then it will want to walk, talk, and play. Freeing this little beast will take “anywhere from 10 to 40 minutes," according to the toy's website. Just rub, touch, and tap the egg. When it's ready, you'll see it peck its way out. At that point, you can peel away parts of the shell to help it come out. You won't know what your Hatchimal really looks like until it's freed from the egg.
Note that your Hatchimal can't hatch without you holding the egg. Also, Hatchimal is a toy, so of course it makes noise - a tonne of it. Before the Hatchimal pecks its way out of the egg, you can sometimes hear it snoring. Watch the videos here to see what we mean. However, after hatching, you are able to turn down the volume and play in half volume mode.
Hatchimals: What are the different stages of life?
Hatchimals have five stages of life: egg (you must nuture the egg by tilting it, tapping it, and touching it), hatching (you must help Hatchimal peck its way out by rubbing the egg), baby (you must care for it by cuddling it and feeding it), toddler (you must teach it how to walk and talk), and kid (you must play games with it). Your Hatchimal is full size when it hatches, but it'll develop new abilities as it gets older.
Hatchimals: What do the eye colours mean?
You'll see rainbow eyes appear when your Hatchimal is ready to hatch or when you've unlocked a new stage. Here's a handy cheat sheet that describes the different eye colours you'll see when Hatchimal is escaping the egg and finally out of the egg. Each colour has a different meaning and requires a specific action from you in order to ensure a healthy and happy Hatchimal.
Hatchimals: How do you teach Hatchimal to walk and talk?
You can teach your Hatchimal to walk, talk, play tag, etc. Just press and hold its belly while you speak to teach it to talk, and it'll repeat what you've said. You can also press its belly repeatedly, causing its eyes to flash white, and that point you can clap once to make Hatchimal move forward or clap twice to make him spin. But be careful - too much spinning can make him sick.
Go here to learn more about what you can teach Hatchimal.
Hatchimals start at $59.99 (about £50). You can get them online through Amazon, Kmart, Target, Toys R Us, Walmart, and Spin Master. Walmart also sells an exclusive "Burtle" edition with little antennas on its head.
Imperial Valley News Center
Mourn for the victims
Las Vegas, Nevada - Dan Weber, president of the Association of Mature American Citizens [AMAC], has issued the following statement in the aftermath of what he described as "the madness in Las Vegas."
Take a pew in your house of worship this weekend and say a prayer for those who died and those who suffered injuries on Sunday in the madness in Las Vegas. Pray for the brave first responders who put themselves in harm's way to protect lives, those in uniform and those civilians who risked their own lives to help others.
This is no time for political rhetoric. It is a time to mourn and reach out for consolation, consolation for the loved ones of the 59 who were murdered in cold blood like the wife whose husband was shot and killed when he took a bullet for her and consolation for the nearly 500 who were wounded and their families.
Say a prayer, too, for ourselves so that we may come together as a nation. It was an horrific event, too gruesome to comprehend. Police found the killer, who in the end committed suicide, in his room on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel. They also found his cache of weapons and ammunition. But, they have found no motive, as yet, for his appalling deed.
Thousands of ordinary citizens throughout the U.S. gave blood for the survivors of the senseless attack. And, tens of thousands of others in America and around the world have been posting kind words on social media to express their sorrow and sadness. The world's political and religious leaders, too, were moved to express their hopes that such madness as occurred in Las Vegas will wake us up.
Cardinal Daniel DiNardo, President of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops put it this way: "At this time, we need to pray and to take care of those who are suffering. In the end, the only response is to do good, for no matter what the darkness, it will never overcome the light."
Rabbi Yechiel Eckstein, founder and president of the International Fellowship of Christians and Jews, said: "We pray for those most closely impacted by the horrific attack in Las Vegas, and we ask God to speak words of comfort and resolve in the mind of every child so that instead of fearing the world, they will be inspired to bring peace to the world. "
Pastor Robert Jeffress of the First Baptist Church of Dallas noted that the violent event in Las Vegas marked "a day where there are no Democrats or Republicans, there are no conservatives or liberals - we are all united as Americans."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS - The criminal trial against Missouri Governor Eric Greitens cannot begin soon enough for his defense team.
The Greitens' lawyers not only want the trial to begin April 3, but they also want a judge to decide their client's fate – not a jury.
“The governor is innocent. He has a total right to his day in court,” said Ed Dowd, Greitens' attorney. “There are a lot of false allegations out there and we want to get in court to prove it.”
The St. Louis Circuit Attorney's Office originally requested a November trial date. The office said Monday it “will object to the request to waive the jury trial. CA Gardner believes the citizens of St. Louis should review the evidence and make a decision in this case. The CA will also object to moving the trial date to early April.”
Greitens faces a felony invasion of privacy charge for allegedly taking a nude picture of a woman during an affair. Greitens admitted the affair in an exclusive Fox 2 interview but said there was no blackmail.
Private investigator William Don Tisaby gave his deposition Monday during a closed meeting. We won't immediately learn what Tisaby said, since it was not open to the public, but it was revealed in court that the Tisaby interviewed Greitens' former lover. The defense questioned whether it received all of Tisaby's notes from that interview. A circuit attorney's office lawyer said everything was turned over.
Greitens' defense team also questioned the prosecution's hiring of a Harvard Law professor to consult on this case. The defense filed a motion to disqualify, saying it's an illegal hire because that lawyer is also a high-profile defense attorney who cannot give all of his time to the St. Louis Circuit Attorney's Office.
The CAO responded, saying, “The CA properly appointed Ronald S. Sullivan as a Special Assistant Circuit Attorney under Missouri State Statute 56.445, as other Circuit Attorneys before her including Jennifer M. Joyce, Dee Joyce Hayes and George Peach.” An office spokesperson added, “The motion to disqualify Mr. Sullivan is frivolous and part of an ongoing attempt to harass the prosecution.”
Share this article:
0 votes
Nikki Bella vs. Natalya in a Falls Count Anywhere match has been announced for next Tuesday's WWE SmackDown in Ontario, California.
The match was made by SmackDown General Manager Daniel Bryan after a backstage brawl between the two on last night's SmackDown, seen below. After feuding for the past few months, Nikki vs. Natalya at Sunday's Elimination Chamber pay-per-view ended in a double count out.
WWE posted the following on next week's match:
After months of verbal assaults, blindside attacks and raucous brawls, Nikki Bella and Natalya will finally settle the score when they face off in a Falls Count Anywhere Match next week on SmackDown LIVE. The match announcement was spurred on by SmackDown LIVE General Manager Daniel Bryan after the two Superstars got into another scrap, this time in Bryan's office. Realizing that this issue could not continue much longer without some serious and dangerous repercussions, Bryan scheduled for the two to compete in a Falls Count Anywhere Match next week on Team Blue. Who will come out the winner in one of WWE's most unpredictable contests? Find out next week on SmackDown LIVE!
Follow Marc on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Send any news, tips or corrections to us by clicking here.
WWE Considering Big Turn, Must See New Maryse & Noelle Foley, Triple H Ready to Push Former TNA Star on RAW, WrestleMania 33 Main Events, WWE Star Gets Backstage Heat, New GIFs & Galleries, More
Related
YERUSHALAYIM -
Wednesday, May 30, 2018 at 12:24 pm |
An Israeli tank on a transporter truck Wednesday, on the Israeli side of the border between Israel and Gaza, near Kibbutz Mefalsim. (Reuters/Amir Cohen)
The ceasefire, however informal, was holding in the Gaza periphery on Wednesday.
While Israeli officials disputed Hamas claims to an Egyptian-brokered ceasefire, and warned they would retaliate for any new attack, the quiet that followed a night of Gaza rockets and IDF paybacks delivered by tank and fighter jets was not in dispute.
The Home Front Command lifted restrictions on residents in the Gaza periphery to take effect at 6 p.m. on Wednesday. People were told they no longer had to stay close to bomb shelters.
Also at 6 p.m., the security cabinet was scheduled to meet for a review of the situation.
Repair work began on power lines in southern Israel that supply electricity to Gaza which had been damaged by a rocket fired by one of the terror groups. Tens of thousands of people in the Hamas-run enclave were reportedly without electricity.
Overnight Tuesday-Wednesday, Israeli Electric Corporation workers began work on the lines, according to Army Radio.
Energy Minister Yuval Steinitz had ordered the IEC to wait for a clear break in the fighting so as “not endanger its workers.” However, the work began even though rocket fire continued until 5 a.m.
The IDF decided to hold off on a ceremony for Maj. Gen. Herzl Halevi to take over as head of the IDF Southern Command from Maj. Gen. Eyal Zamir until the situation has become clearer.
An interim report of the IDF Home Front Command said that during the 22 hours, from 7 a.m. Tuesday to 5:17 a.m. Wednesday, air raid sirens went off at least 166 times in southern Israel, triggered by mortar fire, rockets and, in some cases, machine gun fire.
The final count of projectiles fired at southern Israel from Gaza was thought to be close to 200, but no definite number was available yet.
Dozens of the incoming shells and rockets were intercepted by the Iron Dome missile defense system, which proved relatively successful for the first time against the short-range mortar fire.
B'chasdei Shamayim, no deaths and only 5 injuries were reported among Israelis; but there were numerous close calls.
Like that of the kibbutz couple living near the Gaza border who awoke on Wednesday morning to discover that a rocket fired from Gaza had landed and detonated on their porch. The explosion left a 3-foot wide hole in the floor and wrecked some nearby furniture.
“Sometime overnight a rocket apparently fell on my house,” Naomi Fletcher told Hadashot news.
“My husband and I were home without the kids. I slept in my bed at first, next to where the rocket fell.”
“When the [rocket alert] siren went off at 11 p.m., my husband said we weren't going to sleep if we had to wake up every time [a rocket is launched from Gaza], so we went to sleep in the bomb shelter.”
OSIJEK, Croatia — Canada's Daniel Nestor and Vasek Pospisil lost their doubles match at the Davis Cup Saturday, handing Croatia a 2-1 lead in the best-of-five World Group tie.
Toronto's Nestor and Vancouver's Pospisil started strong, taking a two-set lead and going up a break in the third before Croatia's Marin Cilic and Ivan Dodig stormed back to win 2-6, 3-6, 6-4, 7-5, 6-2.
That leaves 18-year-old Denis Shapovalov in a must-win situation Sunday against Borna Coric. Pospisil is slated to play the final singles match against Viktor Galovic.
Nestor and Pospisil double-faulted five times and had 17 forced errors to their opponents' 13.
Disney to remember boy killed by alligator with sculpture
LAKE BUENA VISTA, FL (AP) – Walt Disney World plans to honor a 2-year-old Nebraska boy who was killed by an alligator last year at one of its resorts near Orlando with a sculpture of a lighthouse.
A year ago Wednesday, an alligator grabbed little Lane Graves, who was playing along the Seven Seas Lagoon beach outside Disney's Grand Floridian Resort and Spa. The child's father, Matt Graves of Omaha, jumped into the water to try to free his son, whose body was found 16 hours later. His death was ruled an accident.
The sculpture is of a lighthouse, which is a symbol of the Lane Thomas Foundation, was created in memory of the child.
“The foundation is dedicated to supporting families of children needing life-saving organ transplants,” Walt Disney World Resort president George A. Kalogridis said in a statement on Tuesday. “To provide continued awareness of the foundation and its mission, we've commissioned an original sculpture of the lighthouse the foundation uses as a symbol of love and hope, to be installed on our property this summer.”
The location of the sculpture hasn't been disclosed.
The child's death occurred two days after the Pulse nightclub massacre in Orlando.
TORONTO — Barrick Gold Corp. no longer plans to sell assets to reduce its debt, marking a shift in strategy for the Toronto-based miner.
Barrick chief financial officer Catherine Raw said the company has made significant progress and plans to instead use cash flow from operations and cash on hand to reduce its debt from US$6.4 billion to $5 billion by the end of the year.
"Given how materially we have strengthened our balance sheets, we now do not intend to sell further assets for the purposes of debt repayment," she told analysts on a conference call discussing its latest earnings results on Tuesday.
"Proceeds from any additional portfolio optimization will be reinvested back into the business to enhance our project pipeline or returned back to shareholders."
The gold miner had for several years been selling assets to reduce its hefty debt. The change in tactic was announced as it reported first-quarter earnings, which beat analyst expectations.
The latest earnings report was the first issued by Barrick since the death of founder Peter Munk on March 28.
The miner, which keeps its books in U.S. dollars, said its first-quarter net income fell to $158 million of 14 cents per share compared with $679 million or 58 cents per share in the year-earlier period.
Barrick said the drop was mainly related to a net impairment reversal of $1.13 billion recorded in the year-ago quarter related to the sale of 25 per cent of the Cerro Casale project. On an adjusted basis, earnings were 15 cents per share, slightly better than the 13 cents per share analysts had expected.
The miner also said it was suspending work on the pre-feasibility study on its Pascua-Lama project because it does not meet its investment criteria. But company president Kelvin Dushnisky told analysts on Tuesday it would be open to partnerships.
Dushnisky also told analysts Barrick is having "constructive" talks with the Tanzanian government — which imposed export restrictions on gold and copper — and it continues to work toward having a detailed proposal ready for its subsidiary Acacia Mining to review during the first half of this year.
Test Boost Elite in case you are serious about constructing muscle then listen up, i am going to share with you crucial moments essential for fast and wholesome muscle building. this article alone can save you years of wasted attempt. Armed with this knowledge truly everybody has to be able to make extremely good gains and upload kilos of drug unfastened muscle to their body. http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
Illustration: Jayachandran/Mint
India is perhaps no longer home to the highest number of people living in extreme poverty. Researchers at Brookings Institution say Nigeria had 87 million people living in extreme poverty in May 2018, compared to 73 million in India. They predict that the Indian number is expected to drop to around 20 million over the next four years. The World Bank defines a person as extremely poor if she is living on less than 1.90 international dollars a day, which are adjusted for inflation as well as price differences between countries.
The Brookings prediction is based on data provided by a host of international agencies. Economist Surjit Bhalla has written in The Indian Express recently that new Indian data will paint a similar picture. He says that the results of the recently concluded consumer expenditure survey conducted by the National Sample Survey Organisation—which is used to generate estimates of absolute poverty—will show that there are 50 million Indians now living below the poverty line defined by the Suresh Tendulkar committee, or one in 25. The poverty decline since the beginning of this century has been quite dramatic.
Poverty numbers have always been a source of heated debate in India and the claims that India is on the verge of winning the battle against extreme poverty sit uneasily with the current concerns about job creation or rural distress. So how believable are these estimates? An international comparison would help. China began to score massive wins against extreme poverty at the turn of the century, when its per capita income in terms of purchasing power parity (PPP) was around $4,000. It was thus very likely that India would see a similar result after it reached a similar average income level at the end of the previous decade. PPP incomes average around $7,000 right now, compared to around $2,500 in the year 2000.
Scholars who have studied the Chinese success have no doubt that rapid economic growth has been the main reason why extreme poverty could be rolled back. The centrality of economic expansion is often lost in the heated ideological debates in India. However, there were also other factors at play—the shift of people to jobs in formal enterprises, investments in human capital, relatively equal land ownership in rural areas, and targeted interventions to help the extremely poor. These allowed China to pull most of its citizens out of extreme poverty despite rising inequality.
The reduction in extreme poverty—and the debates should only be about its extent—has several implications.
First, it is time to close the tired debate about whether the economic reforms of 1991 have only helped the rich, though empirical proof will not come in the way of grand claims that poverty is actually increasing in India. Other indicators of well-being such as infant mortality and nutrition have also been improving.
Second, India will once again have to redefine what it means by poverty. Poverty lines have to be recalibrated depending on changes in income, consumption patterns and prices. The usual poverty line used in narratives is 1.90 international dollars a day, but the World Bank has two others—$3.20 per day for middle-income countries and $5.50 per day for rich countries. India is now a middle-income country, with an estimated per capita income of around $9,000 in purchasing power parity. Bhalla suggests that a poverty line of $3.20 translates into ₹75 a day, or 68% higher than the Tendulkar poverty line.
Third, the Indian political, policy and administrative systems have to adjust to the new realities of the transition to a middle- income country, in which poverty does not mean living at the edge of hunger but, rather, lack of income to take advantage of the opportunities thrown up by a growing economy. The focus of government spending should be on the provision of public goods rather than subsidies. That is easier said than done given the political economy equilibrium. Also, the rate at which economic growth translates into poverty reduction depends on what happens to inequality, or how the growth dividend is distributed.
Few would remember that India was battling the threat of widespread famine some five decades ago, when even its ability to feed a growing population was questioned. There has been a lot of progress since then. Even the very possibility of a final victory against the sort of extreme poverty that was common not so long ago is no mean achievement.
How important is the role of economic growth in fighting extreme poverty? Tell us at views@livemint.com
Monday marks 10 years since April Sorensen's body was found in her Northwest Rochester home. Investigators believe someone set fire to her bedroom to cover up the crime and today there are still so many questions as to what happened to April.
Neighbors who lived in the area at the time of April's death tell the NewsCenter there's still a gaping hole in their hearts and minds about what happened.
They say they remember seeing April's bright blonde hair and smiling face as she worked on her front lawn. Her neighbor says she often thinks about what April's life would have been like if she were still alive.
27-year-old Sorensen was found murdered in her home on April 17th, 2007.
Investigators believe on the day of her murder, April came home from school and within an hour, someone assaulted her. April was strangled her to death. Her bedroom was set on fire.
Since April's death, police have gathered several DNA samples and continue to look at persons of interest. However, the case still remains unsolved.
On the 10th anniversary of her death, investigators are hoping that advances in technology will help them answer questions they couldn't answer before.
There is still a 25-thousand dollar reward for any information that can lead to an arrest or conviction. Police ask that you call CrimeStoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS know of anything that can help solve the crime.
As rosés started to sell swiftly, everyone wanted a piece of the pie. So we ended up with a rosé festival in New York City — La Nuit en Rosé — and rosé in 40-ounce malt-liquor bottles, and frosé pops, rosé gummies, and “Slay then Rosé” shirts.
Pink already had a toehold in the food world well before the Pantone announcement. But one of the real drivers of the trend was the transformation of rosé from a slightly tacky punchline wine to a mark of affordable sophistication, a “lifestyle bevvie” and an expression of female sisterhood. #roséallday!
Food is fashion, and fashion is food, and that's why pink food became gradually, then suddenly, a thing. First, Pantone named Rose Quartz — a muted, dusty pink with the slightest hint of orange — one of its 2016 colours of the year, when it had already been popping up in clothing and accessories. It was more sophisticated than Barbie pink, more cynical than magenta. Brands like Thinx, an underwear company, and Acne jeans used the colour in their marketing. The colour took on a new name, thanks to the demographic that was most attracted to it: millennial pink. It expanded to include a wider range of shades, from a classic, warmer pink to peachy-beige to salmon.
And at the end of the day, if all this pink food is inspiring a sudden queasiness, you can wash it all down with pink Pepto-Bismol.
Maybe you'll start your day with a pink smoothie bowl, full of chia seeds and raspberries and other pink fruits. On your way to work, you'll pick up a Starbucks pink drink — a “crisp, Strawberry Acai Refreshers Beverage, with . . . accents of passion fruit” and an Instagram cult following. For lunch? A bowl of pink beet hummus, maybe garnished with some suddenly everywhere watermelon radish, the perfect shade of fuchsia. Wash it down with a blush-coloured can of La Croix. Dessert? An array of pink macarons. For happy hour, the choices are abundant: pink cans of rosé, pink gin, pink tequila, bottles of wine with such names as Summer Water and Pretty Young Thing, or frozen rosé (frosé). If you live in New York, you can eat pink spaghetti at Pietro Nolita, a restaurant with pink walls, bathrooms, chairs and napkins that say “Pink as F---.”
The colour itself came to take on the qualities we associated with rosé — which were, in part, assigned by marketers. Free-spiritedness, casual luxury, youth, popularity: These are all qualities brands would like to associate with their products. They're also inherently Instagrammable: Just look at the more than 13,000 photos with the millennial pink hashtag on Instagram.
Hence, the all-pink interior of Pietro Nolita, and of the Gallery at Sketch London, New York's Bep Ga and Cafe Henrie. Eater points out that New York's Sel Rrose has a pink door, which has inspired people to show up in matching outfits to be photographed for Instagram. According to New York Magazine, the restaurant Dimes had to remove its millennial pink table because too many people were requesting it. In Washington, the restaurant Whaley's has a Rose Garden — just a patio with pink umbrellas and a menu of pink wines — that can command hours-long waits.
At Pietro Nolita, owner Pietro Quaglia was inspired by the pastel colours of the Mediterranean. But he knew that fashion would play a part, too; he used to work at Dolce and Gabbana, and gave his friend, W Magazine fashion editor Giovanna Battaglia Engelbert, a “Pink as F---” shirt that she was photographed in at fashion week, a nice free-advertising boost for the restaurant. Now, there's often a wait for one of its 25 seats, where the mostly female clientele will take photos and sip pink drinks and Instagram their pink spaghetti, a pomodoro with a daub of fresh ricotta on top that turns the sauce pink when mixed in.
“Sometimes I get annoyed with customers who just come in, take pictures, go to the bathroom and leave,” Quaglia said. “This is a business, not a photo shoot.” Still, he never plans to change the colour: Pink “brings joy.”
And then there's the list of “12 Foods To Satisfy Your Millennial Pink Tooth” by Refinery 29 (pink marshmallows, strawberry mochi ice cream and Belvoir Fruit Farms Elderflower and Rose Pressé — a brand that is on its way to La Croix-level cool-girl status). The cover of Sweetbitter, the coming-of-age novel about the New York restaurant scene. The 2016 launch of Le Creuset's millennial pink “hibiscus” collection of cookwares. The Museum of Ice Cream, an immersive ice cream-themed Instagram playground, for which guests will pay $29 a ticket to swim in a millennial-pink indoor pool full of artificial sprinkles. The Starbucks Unicorn Frappuccino, which was absolutely revolting, but sold out anyway.
So it became obvious, very quickly: Make something pink and make money. You may think you just love pink — and maybe you do! — but also, you're just susceptible to a pervasive marketing trend. “The colour keeps on selling product,” New York Magazine wrote in its extensive history of millennial pink. And every time you take a photo of a Starbucks pink drink, rosé gummy bear or a can of La Croix, you're helping them do it.
It seems to make food needlessly gendered, too. Many words have been spent explaining that part of the appeal of millennial pink in fashion is that it is androgynous — Drake wears pink sweaters, singer Zayn Malik dyes his hair pink — but that's not how it has played out in the food world. Rosé consumed by men needed its own name, brosé, to give it a harder edge, a distinction that wouldn't be needed if we were truly, as GQ asserts, in an “egalitarian world of gender-fluid beverage consumption.” But most pink foods and beverages are unambiguously marketed toward women. A Bloomberg News article about La Croix's triumph over its sparkling-water competition notes that “National Beverage originally marketed LaCroix as a women's drink,” handing it out at women's sporting events and partnering with Susan G. Komen for the Cure. It has male fans, too, but men make only sporadic appearances in La Croix's hyper-feminine Instagram account, which features plenty of flower crowns, millennial pink nail polish and a “La Croix Over Boys” T-shirt.
La Croix's customer base “skews more toward professional women,” said a spokesman for the brand, though he said their marketing targets many demographics.
The divide is especially apparent at Pietro Nolita. “We have a few dudes that come to the restaurant, but I think they come with their girlfriends,” Quaglia said. “I would love to have more men, but I feel like some men are a little bit insecure about the fact that the place is so pink.”
Is any of this pink stuff as good as it looks? That's in the eye, and taste buds, of the beholder, of course. But pink food fatigue is setting in: “While no one can deny that rosé rhymes with #allday and #yesway and s'il vous plait, for me, the truly telling coincidence is that it rhymes with okay,” wrote Sarah Miller in a recent Eater essay. Okay, as in: meh. But pink is here to stay, at least until another colour knocks it off its peppermint-colored pedestal.
“This is a trend right now, and every trend leaves and there's another trend,” Quaglia said. But pink, he believes, is eternal. “This millennial concept, I don't really get it. Yes, it's cool now, but . . . pink has been around longer than that.”
What colour will be next? According to industry-watchers, all bets are on purple.
A young British fencing star has been given a new edge in her fight to win international honours.
Fifteen-year-old Rachael Lever, from Oundle, is a member of the British Under-17 Epee squad and has been selected to fence for Scotland at the School Games.
Rachael Lever in action.
She aims to compete at the Commonwealth Games next year.
However, although fenciing is an Olympicn sport, the teenager does not receive any funding and is in desperate need of new equipment.
Now Persimmon Homes East Midlands, based in Commerce Way, Peterborough, has lunged to the rescue with a £750 grant as part of the builder's Healthy Communities scheme.
Rachael said: “I'm thrilled to receive this generous donation.
"I need a second set of fencing kit that is lighter weight, and I also need to replace swords at £120 per sword.
“This money will help me no end.
“It's fantastic that a large company like Persimmon uses its success to support people like me in this way.”
Every month sports clubs and individuals in each of Persimmon's 30 operating areas receive donations of £750 – a total of £22,500.
In January 30 finalists from each region will be selected and a public vote will follow, with prizes of £200,000, £50,000 and £5,000 up for grabs.
The Healthy Communities scheme runs alongside Persimmon's Community Champions initiative for non-sports clubs, which sees more than £700,000 dished out to good causes each year.
Nova Eames, head of sales for Persimmon Homes East Midlands, said: “We are extremely proud of our charity schemes, Healthy Communities and Community Champions.
"It's terrific to be able to support sports clubs and charities across the region with tens of thousands of pounds every year.
“Rachael Lever has a bright future ahead of her. We hope to be watching her at the Olympics one day and know that we played a part in that success.”
Michigan baseball coach Erik Bakich drew serious interest from South Carolina and Stanford. (Photo: David Guralnick, David Guralnick)
You can't fault a man, just 39, for exploring his options.
But Erik Bakich has decided that is heart is at Michigan, and he will remain the Wolverines' head baseball coach, he told The News on Wednesday night. Kendall Rogers of D1Baseball.com first reported that Bakich would return.
Bakich later tweeted his commitment to Michigan, concluding the note with Bo Schembechler's famous rallying cry, "Those who stay will be champions."
Bakich is a serious up-and-comer in college baseball circles, and recently drew serious interest from two big-time programs, South Carolina and Stanford.
Michigan athletic director Warde Manuel told The News on Tuesday that the school has on the table a five-year extension offer, one he'll presumably now sign.
Bakich just completed his fifth and most successful season at Michigan, leading the Wolverines to a 42-17 record and a second NCAA Tournament appearance in three seasons. He is 176-119 at Michigan.
This week, he saw 11 members of the 2017 team selected in the Major League Baseball Draft, shattering the program's record of seven, set in 1988 and matched in 2005. He's had 23 draft picks in all during his Michigan tenure.
Prior to coming to Michigan, the former East Carolina baseball standout was the head coach at Maryland for three years.
South Carolina is looking to replace Chad Holbrook, who resigned, and Stanford is looking for a successor to Mark Marquess, who retired. Each program has won two national championships.
tpaul@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/tonypaul1984
Prosecutors working for the special counsel Robert Mueller filed new documents late Monday that lay bare a slew of significant revelations about their case against former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort.
The judge presiding over Manafort's case also signaled that the FBI's searches of Manafort's home and storage locker may be subject to challenge if Mueller's mandate was not properly defined at the time.
Sign up for the latest updates on the Russia investigation here »
The special counsel Robert Mueller's office filed new court documents Monday night that reveal the extent of prosecutors' interest in Paul Manafort, the former chairman of President Donald Trump's campaign, and his connection to Russian interests.
Mueller's office filed three motions:
One of them opposed Manafort's request for a bill of particulars, which is a detailed, formal written statement of charges against a defendant. The second opposed Manafort's motion to suppress evidence obtained during an FBI search last May of a storage locker in Alexandria, Virginia belonging to his consulting firm, Davis Manafort Partners, Inc. The third opposed Manafort's motion to suppress evidence obtained following a predawn raid on his home in Alexandria last July.
Among other things, prosecutors revealed the following in the new filings:
There are potentially three other categories of unknown criminal allegations against Manafort.
Manafort interviewed with the FBI twice before he joined the Trump campaign.
FBI agents who raided Manafort's home in July 2017 were looking for records related to the June 2016 meeting between three Trump campaign officials, including Manafort, and Russian lobbyists offering dirt on then-Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.
Mueller has reviewed details of Manafort's relationship with the Russian-Ukrainian oligarch Oleg Deripaska.
Contrary to media reports, Mueller's office did not use a "no-knock" warrant to raid Manafort's home.
What Manafort's lawyers are trying to argue
play FBI investigators raided Manafort's home in July 2017. (Associated Press)
Manafort's lawyers have mounted an aggressive defense against prosecutors in recent months.
Their strategy centers around establishing two things: that deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein gave Mueller an improper and overly broad mandate when he appointed him special counsel, and that Mueller overstepped his mandate by charging Manafort with crimes unrelated to Russian collusion.
In particular, Manafort's attorneys point to an August 2017 memo that Rosenstein sent to Mueller as evidence that Rosenstein "got something wrong" when he initially tapped Mueller to oversee the Russia probe.
Rosenstein appointed Mueller special counsel in May 2017. Almost three months later, he sent a memo to Mueller authorizing him to investigate specific allegations related to Manafort, including but not limited to his Ukraine lobbying work and possible collusion with Russia.
Manafort's main defense lawyer, Kevin Downing, suggested last week that Rosenstein sent the memo three months after appointing Mueller because he had failed to properly outline the scope of Mueller's mandate at the time of his appointment, as Justice Department regulations require.
The search of Manafort's storage locker was conducted on May 27, 2017, 10 days after Mueller was appointed. The FBI's predawn raid on his home was executed on July 26, 2017, one week before Rosenstein sent Mueller the memo going over his mandate.
US District Judge Amy Berman Jackson hinted that the searches of Manafort's home and storage locker may be subject to challenge if Mueller was not properly appointed at the time they were executed.
Unknown criminal allegations against Manafort
play There are potentially three other categories of unknown criminal allegations against Manafort. (Drew Angerer/Getty Images)
Manafort's attorneys contend that the materials seized from the FBI's predawn raid on his home last July violated his Fourth Amendment rights against unreasonable searches and seizures.
They also accuse prosecutors of seizing materials that fell outside the scope of the warrant authorizing the search.
In defending the raid, Mueller's team said the warrant and the subsequent search and seizure were supported by a 41-page affidavit describing "potential violations of approximately 10 criminal statutes arising from three sets of activities."
The court document goes specifics about the three allegations against Manafort contained in the affidavit, but almost all the details are redacted.
Based on Rosenstein's memo, Mueller is authorized to investigate at least two threads as it relates to Manafort: allegations of criminal activity arising from his work in Ukraine, and allegations that he colluded with Russian officials as the Kremlin was trying to meddle in the 2016 US election.
The memo contained several other details about possible allegations that lay within Mueller's scope, but they were redacted, too.
Manafort spoke to FBI agents on 2 separate occasions before joining the Trump campaign
play Mueller has reviewed details of Manafort's relationship with the Russian-Ukrainian oligarch Oleg Deripaska. (REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque)
According to the court filings, the FBI interviewed Manafort on two separate occasions before he joined the Trump campaign in March 2016.
The first time he interviewed with investigators was in March 2013 and the second was in July 2014.
Manafort's longtime associate and the former deputy chairman of the Trump campaign, Rick Gates, also interviewed with the FBI in July 2014.
Gates pleaded guilty in February to two counts of conspiracy and making false statements and is now cooperating with investigators.
When Trump first hired Manafort and Gates in March 2016, Manafort was known for having worked as a top consultant to former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych, and is widely credited with helping him win the election in 2010.
Yanukovych, a strongman and a prominent figure in the Party of Regions, was ousted from the presidency in 2014 amid widespread protests against his Russia-friendly positions and his decision to back out of a deal that would have promoted closer ties between Ukraine and the West, and distanced it from Russia.
Meanwhile, last July, The New York Times reported financial records Manafort filed in Cyprus that showed he was $17 million in debt to pro-Russian interests when he joined the campaign. Shell companies connected to Manafort during his time working for the Party of Regions bought the debt, according to The Times.
Mueller confirms his interest in the June 2016 Trump Tower meeting
play According to emails posted by Donald Trump Jr., Manafort and Jared Kushner were informed of the June 2016 Trump Tower meeting ahead of time. (https://twitter.com/DonaldJTrumpJr/status/884789418455953413)
When FBI agents raided Manafort's home in July 2017, prosecutors said the warrant allowed them to seize records that fell within 11 specific categories.
Among those were "communications, records, documents, and other files involving any of the attendees of the June 9, 2016 meeting at Trump Tower, as well as Aras and Amin [sic] Agalarov."
Reports of the meeting first surfaced about three weeks before the raid. Three Trump campaign officials — Manafort, Trump's eldest son Donald Trump Jr., and son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner — attended the meeting with two Russian lobbyists offering damaging information on Clinton.
The British music publicist who coordinated the meeting, Rob Goldstone, pitched it as "part of Russia and its government's support for Mr. Trump," according to emails Trump Jr. posted to Twitter.
Trump Jr. has said the Russian lobbyists did not ultimately provide damaging information about Clinton to the Trump campaign and that the conversation instead revolved around the Magnitsky Act, a 2012 law that blacklists wealthy Russians suspected of human-rights abuses, and which the Russian government is strongly opposed to.
In addition to the meeting itself, Mueller is interested in Trump's role in crafting an initially misleading statement that Trump Jr. released in response to reports of the meeting. The events are said to be a central focus in the obstruction-of-justice case Mueller has been building against the president since last year.
Mueller zeroes in on Manafort's ties to Oleg Deripaska
play Should Oleg Deripaska be worried? (AP Photo/Sergey Ponomarev)
Prosecutors said in Monday's court filings that in addition to seizing tens of thousands of records from Manafort's home last year, they have also reviewed testimony he gave in a civil lawsuit in 2015 about a financial dispute with Deripaska, an aluminum magnate who is closely tied to Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Deripaska's representatives claimed, in legal complaints filed in the Cayman Islands in 2014, that Manafort had disappeared after Deripaska gave him and Gates $19 million to invest in a failed Ukrainian TV venture in 2007.
Last year, The Washington Post reported that Manafort emailed the former Russian military intelligence operative Konstantin Kilimnik, beginning in April 2016, offering to give Deripaska "private briefings" about the Trump campaign.
Former intelligence officials told Business Insider that the offer was likely part of Manafort's effort to resolve his financial dispute with Deripaska.
Manafort and Kilimnik met in May and August during the 2016 campaign.
Manafort said he and Kilimnik discussed the Trump campaign and the recent hack of the Democratic National Committee during the August 2, 2016 meeting. Kilimnik, meanwhile, said they did not discuss the campaign, but talked about "current news" and "unpaid bills."
Within hours of the meeting, a private jet linked to Deripaska arrived in Newark, New Jersey, which is close to where Manafort and Kilimnik met. It left within 24 hours.
Agents did not use a 'no-knock' warrant to raid Manafort's home
Multiple media reports last year stated that FBI agents used a "no-knock" warrant to while executing the predawn raid of Manafort's home last July.
But Mueller's team said in Monday's filings that their application for a search warrant "had not sought permission to enter without knocking."
"In issuing the warrant, the magistrate judge authorized the government to execute the warrant any day through August 8, 2017, and to conduct the search 'in the daytime [from] 6:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m,'" the document says. "The government complied fully with those date and time conditions, and Manafort does not contend otherwise."
A possible complication for Mueller
play Contrary to media reports, Mueller's office did not use a "no-knock" warrant to raid Manafort's home. (Alex Wong/Getty Images)
The FBI's search and seizure of materials from the storage unit belonging to Manafort's firm is central to his defense.
The legality of the search is focused on the authority of Michael Trusko, a former employee of Manafort's consulting firm Davis Manafort Partners (DMP), to approve the search.
According to an earlier court filing, an FBI agent first searched the storage locker on May 26, 2017 after obtaining permission to do so from Trusko, described then as a "low-level" DMP employee responsible for carrying out administrative functions.
The FBI agent then "observed a number of boxes and a filing cabinet" and "some writing on the sides of some boxes," the document says. The agent returned on May 27 with a search warrant relying on information he had surmised when he visited the storage locker the day before and subsequently seized documents and binders from the property.
Manafort's attorneys argue the evidence in question should not be used in court because the initial search was conducted without a warrant. They have also argued that the warrant itself was too broad and amounted to a carte blanche in violation of Manafort's Fourth Amendment rights.
But Mueller's team contends the search was lawful because Trusko signed the lease for the storage unit and had a key for the locker.
"The employee thus had common authority to consent or, at a minimum, apparent authority to do so," Mueller's team said in the earlier court filing. "Manafort 'assumed the risk that [the Employee] would' use the key he possessed to 'permit outsiders (including the police) into the' unit."
Prosecutors also argued that even if the FBI agent's initial visit to the storage locker was illegal, the May 27 search was legal because the FBI already had enough evidence, without the initial viewing, to support its application for a warrant.
While there is no formal "rookie show" — hazing and initiation has been largely excised from all levels of sports — first-year Ticat players are being encouraged to sing a song or tell a joke before the special teams meeting every evening. Vernon Adams, for example, belted out a tune earlier this week while defensive lineman Lynden Trail did a spot-on impression of an unnamed assistant coach.
Veteran centre in Mike Filer says its all in fun.
"It's anything — you have to entertain the vets, he said. "My first year in Calgary, we had to stand up and sing in front of everyone, and if you can't sing, you have to tell a joke, and if you tell a bad joke you get booed off the stage."
Beyond that minor complaint, Hamilton veterans have been impressed with Manziel's approach. Receiver Luke Tasker said he's been good in meetings while also performing well on the field.
"The wrong way to come into a team is to have a sense of entitlement, that's the last thing that a new player should have — or any teammate," Tasker said. "Johnny doesn't have a sense of entitlement, he's a guy trying to learn the offence like a lot of players are."
Filer says he's spent time talking with Manziel about the nuances of the CFL game, particularly when it comes to protections and blitz pick up. Again, nothing but positive reviews — at least until he tries his hand at performing.
"It goes back to being part of the locker room — even if you suck, you bought into it and did your bit," Filer said. "I'm sure Johnny will get up there at some point. He's been a great sport."
Notes: The Ticats have yet to suffer a significant injury to a veteran player at training camp but there were several players sitting out on Wednesday, including defensive end Adrian Tracy, Canadian receiver Shamawd Chambers and national safety Jay Langa. They aren't expected to play Friday night against Toronto but should be ready for Week 1.
dedwards@thespec.com
905-526-2481 | @scratchingpost
Chris Duane
We seek to provide individual solutions to collective problems. In order to prepare for the collapse of the dollar and the inevitable riots of unprepared populations and the very possible war with China, we seek to empower the individual to be aware and prepared. We break through the hype of economic and political conspiracy and only focus on what is provable. We cover everything from failed Occupy Wall Street, Tea Party and Ron Paul Movement to the Federal Reserve, the Military Industrial Complex, False Flags, and the Nero of the American Empire Obama. Using the logic and solutions provided on this channel we seek have the individual take massive dramatic action on the things that they can control in their life like prepping, survival, guns, gold and most importantly silver.
DISAPPOINTED Doncaster Rovers manager Darren Ferguson feels Matty Blair's sending-off changed the course of the game as his promoted side lost to play-off chasing Blackpool.
Blair was sent off early in the second half and substitute Jordan Flores stole the points with a stoppage-time penalty, the visitors' second of the afternoon.
“The game changes on the red card,” reflected Ferguson, who saw his side lose for only the second time at home this season.
“He's given it quite quickly considering Matty went down injured. I can see why he gave the first one [penalty], although it's still dubious, but the second one is outside the box.
“The second is outside the box, no doubt about it.
“Once you've given one, you'd like to think he'd have to be absolutely certain to give another so quickly after it.”
In the first half the hosts were denied as Sam Slocombe thwarted Joe Wright and Alfie May.
Seven minutes into the second half Rovers were down to 10 men after a second booking for Blair.
Three minutes from time Blackpool got their first penalty for handball, but Marko Marosi flicked Cullen's effort onto a post.
Moments later the Tangerines had a second bite of the cherry and Flores made no mistake after taking over from Cullen.
Doncaster Rovers: Marosi, Alcock, Baudry, Wright, Taylor-Sinclair (McSheffrey, 63), Mason, Blair, Grant (Longbottom, 71), Rowe, Marquis, May (Middleton, 55). Unused substitutes: Jones, Lund, Keegan, Beestin.
Blackpool: Slocombe, Mellor, Aldred, Aimson, Robertson, Taylor, Potts, Payne (Flores, 49), Danns (Cullen, 63), Black, Delfouneso (Matt, 69). Unused substitutes: Lyness, Osayi-Samuel, Odelusi, Nolan.
Referee: Carl Boyeson (East Yorkshire).
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One lucky punter has won the £168 million lottery jackpot - the biggest ever on offer in the UK.
Tuesday's Euromillions prize had been £167 million but remained unclaimed and so it rolled over again.
The winning numbers were:
Tonight's National Lottery EuroMillions winning numbers are:
01 - 09 - 15 - 19 - 25
And the Lucky Stars are:
01 - 07
2 Millionaire Maker codes are:
THVG82566
TLZM98884
It was confirmed later on Friday that one lucky punter from Spain was the big winner.
Andy Carter, Senior Winners' Advisor, said: “This huge jackpot has been really exciting for players all over the UK and Europe.
"Even though a UK player wasn't lucky enough to scoop the big one this time, this roll series alone has generated more than £66 million for Good Causes here in the UK, adding to the £37 billion raised to date.
"Friday's draw also saw four UK players win a fantastic £900,571 for matching five main numbers and one Lucky Star, as well as two lucky UK winners of a guaranteed £1 million.
"We urge all players to check their tickets quickly to see if they're the winner - we have champagne on ice ready to celebrate."
The draw was supposed to be made at 9pm but there was a long delay in releasing the numbers.
The National Lottery did not give a reason for the delay when contacted by Mirror Online but did say: "It takes longer to sort out the bigger draws."
(Image: PA)
The draw finally took place at around 9.46pm.
Disgruntled Euromillions players were furious at the delay and took to Twitter to complain.
One waiting player wrote: "Any chance of this Euromillions draw happening soon? Lad needs some kip."
Another added: "The euromillions draw is 50 minutes late. glad I voted out in brexit tbh."
A third said: "I'm here waiting for the euromillions draw, knowing i won't win but the suspense is killing me."
The biggest-ever British winners remain Colin and Chris Weir, from Largs in North Ayrshire, Scotland who won £161 million in 2011.
They have earned £5million a year in interest alone since their win and joked at the time about becoming as rich as David and Victoria Beckham overnight.
Gillian and Adrian Bayford from Haverhill, Suffolk, are the UK's second-biggest winners, trousering £148million in 2012.
And an anonymous ticket-holder won £113million in 2010.
Friday's National Lottery Thunderball numbers are: 6, 7, 20, 24, 39 with the special number 5.
CAIRO (Reuters) -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 10:18 am |
Arab League Secretary General Ahmed Aboul Gheit (L.) and Palestinian National Authority Minister of Foreign Affairs Riyad Al Maliki are seen after a meeting with Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Cairo, Egypt, Monday. (Reuters/Mohamed Abd El Ghany)
Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas on Monday intensified efforts to rally Middle Eastern countries against U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, setting up talks with Arab leaders, beginning in Cairo.
Abbas met President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi of Egypt, which has been a key broker in past peace talks with Israel and between fighting Palestinian factions, before heading for Istanbul to give a speech, his office said.
Arab states condemned President Donald Trump's Jerusalem decision last week and vowed to press international bodies to take action against it, without announcing any concrete measures. The Arab Parliament held an emergency meeting on the issue in Cairo on Monday, state news agency MENA reported.
“Daring Palestinian and Arab decisions are required in the coming stage, which is very important,” Abbas's spokesman Nabil Abu Rdainah told Palestinian official news agency WAFA.
World powers have warned the U.S. move will impede peace efforts in the decades-long Israeli-Palestinian conflict as anger spreads across the region.
Abbas will not meet Mike Pence during the U.S. vice president's visit to the region later this month, Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad al-Maliki said on Saturday.
Egypt's top Muslim and Christian religious leaders also said they would not meet Pence.
Egypt, along with Jordan, a key U.S. ally in the region which has helped broker past peace deals and has good relations with Israel, has said Trump's move undermines efforts to end the conflict.
It has also brokered reconciliation deals between Abbas's Fatah party and the Gaza-based Hamas Islamist terror group, which called for a new uprising against Israel last week.
The planned handover of control of Gaza to the Fatah-dominated Palestinian Authority under the latest deal hit another delay on Sunday, with a Fatah official blaming “obstacles” without elaborating.
Staff Reporter
The country continued to sizzle in the heat on Wednesday, with its largest city recording the hottest day of the year.
The mercury shot up to 45°C in Karachi as another bout of heatwave continued to prevail in the metropolis.
Similar scorching temperatures were recorded elsewhere in Sindh earlier today: Larkana 46°C, Dadu 45°C and Sukkur 44°C.
According to the Pakistan Meteorological (Met) Department, mainly hot and dry weather is expected to prevail in most cities including Lahore, Faisalabad, Multan, Hyderabad, Sukkur, Larkana, DI Khan, Sibbi, and Makran divisions well into the first week of June.
Director-General Met Dr Ghulam Rasool told a private TV channel earlier that the current temperatures are higher than average, and that they are predicted to prevail through the first week of June.
He said there is no chance of rain at the moment, but the rain system is expected to disperse the heat from mid-June onwards.
“The demand for water would increase due to hot weather, but the beginning of monsoon around mid-June would decrease drought-like conditions,” he said. The official added that Mangla and Tarbela dams currently have a dead water-level.
The hottest temperatures on Tuesday were recorded in Mohenjo Daro 50°C, followed by 49°C in Shaheed Benazirabad, Larkana, Dadu, Jacobabad, Lasbella, Sibbi, and Bahawalnagar.
Karachi is braving its fourth heatwave of the year, with the maximum temperature recorded at 45°C on Wednesday – the highest in the ongoing year.
Given the current weather conditions, the Karachi Metropolitan Corporation (KMC) has put all KMC-run hospitals on standby for heatstroke emergencies during May 29 to May 31.
The Met Office has warned the heatwave of moderate/severe intensity would last until Thursday, as the sea breeze remains cut-off and wind from northwest to north dominates during this period.
The city faced an extended heatwave earlier this month as well, when the mercury routinely touched 44°C for four to five days. The scorching weather forced the Board of Intermediate Education Karachi to postpone the examinations last week.
The board has changed the timings of examinations from May 29 to June 13 owing to the heatwave. Exams for Arts Group (Regular and Private) will now start at 8:30am.
Heat stroke results from prolonged exposure to high temperatures — usually in combination with dehydration — which leads to failure of the body's temperature control system.
If you or someone you know faces any of these symptoms, take immediate action to prevent complications. Multiple areas in the city were in the dark Tuesday night as residents protested against load-shedding during sehri hours by burning tyres. The affected neighbourhoods included C-1 area, Gulshan –e Iqbal block 9 and 13 in Karachi.
Residents of Latifabad No 9, 11 and Old Wahdat Colony in Hyderabad also took to the streets in protest.
K-Electric, the metropolis' sole supplier of electricity, defended the outages saying that the impression that there was unscheduled or extra load-shedding, is wrong.
Images of the now-deleted Facebook page show updates to Minassian's public profile picture on March 10, and to his status on Monday.
Media manipulation researchers warned that online hoaxes around mass killings are extremely common — particularly when it comes to stories involving 4chan, a notorious messaging site associated with troll culture that is mentioned in the Facebook post made in Minassian's name.
“Private (Recruit) Minassian Infantry 00010, wishing to speak to Sgt 4chan please. C23249161,” read the post. “The Incel Rebellion has already begun! We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys! All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger!”
Images of the post began circulating on social media hours after Minassian's arrest Monday in connection with a van that struck numerous pedestrians on Yonge St. south of Finch Ave., killing 10 people. He appeared in a Toronto court Tuesday charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder.
Facebook is describing as legitimate a now-deleted post made on an account in Alek Minassian's name which referred to an “incel rebellion” and invoked U.S. mass murderer Elliot Rodger, despite questions about the timing of the post and concerns it may have been a hoax.
A spokesperson for Facebook Canada would not answer specific questions about the timing of the post, but said the company believed it was legitimate and deleted the account, which had been made with Minassian's name and photo.
Facebook lets users change the time and date of a post, raising the possibility the account may have been hacked and modified, or is a fake.
There are also questions around the timing of the post. An image posted anonymously to 4chan suggested the alleged Minassian post was published at around 2:15 p.m. Monday, when he was already in police custody.
“This is a terrible tragedy and our hearts go out to the people who have been affected. There is absolutely no place on our platform for people who commit such horrendous acts,” spokesperson Meg Sinclair said in an email.
“Incel” refers to the “involuntarily celibate,” or men who feel frustrated by their inability to find romantic relationships or sex. In many online communities, “chads and staceys” refer to attractive people who have no problem meeting partners of the opposite sex.
Online community forums devoted to incels are often characterized by misogynistic rhetoric and a subreddit of 40,000 “incels” — which featured posts like “all women are sluts” and “reasons why women are the embodiment of evil” — was banned in November by Reddit, citing its policy prohibiting content that “encourages, glorifies, incites or calls for violence or physical harm against an individual or group of people.”
Incel communities have gravitated towards the story of Elliot Rodger, the 22-year-old man from Isla Vista, California who killed six people in 2014 shortly after posting a video ranting about his sexual frustration and the women who rejected him.
An online petition that urged Reddit to shut down its incel page last year noted that members have “canonized” Rodger and referred to him as “Saint Elliot,” “with many praising his actions and claiming that they would like to follow in his path.”
“Incels believe that they are entitled to the experience of sex,” the petition read. “With most every incel claiming to be unattractive, they believe that society has turned against them and are denying them a basic human right. This flawed way of thinking leads most incels to self-professed depression that has turned into bitterness that floods the subreddit's posts. All sexually active women are routinely called whores. Violence against women is encouraged. Rape against women is justified and encouraged.”
The numbers cited in the Facebook post may be linked to Minassian's time with the Canadian Armed Forces, which confirmed that he was a briefly a member in 2017. Minassian was released after 16 days of recruit training, it said, having made the request to leave voluntarily.
Whitney Phillips, an assistant professor with Mercer University who studies online communities, said stories linked to 4chan need to be approached with extreme caution, particularly when it comes to mass murders.
4chan is an image-sharing message board that is commonly referred to as the underbelly of the Internet and widely associated with trolling culture and far-right views.
Phillips, who has studied 4chan hoaxes, says there's been a “very standard and steady effort” over the past 10 years to connect 4chan with high-profile tragedies, especially mass murders. To her, the post's reference to 4chan, uncertainty around its timing, and the fact that it was shared on 4chan are all “red flags.”
“They always involve themselves in the story and they shift the narrative away form the victims and towards the ideal outcome, which is to manipulate the media and to confuse an already terrible situation,” she said.
“I think the natural and appropriate response is to be really really suspicious and allowing for the possibility that okay, maybe (it's true).”
With files from Sabrina Nanji
© True Publica Org
"Turkey is surrounded by many actual or potential enemies - Syrian, Kurdish, Iranian, Russian - who see how easy it will be to exploit and exacerbate the country's deep divisions".
"In the past foreign observers have often made the mistake of thinking that Turkey was similar to Middle East states. In reality, it was a much more modern state closer in its political history to the countries of southern Europe....
....There was a sophisticated and influential media and an intellectual energy in Turkey superior to most countries in Europe. It is this that is now being eliminated as Turkey becomes yet another member of the corrupt and tawdry club of Middle East autocracies".
"Erdoğan tried to whip up Turkish nationalist feeling during the election campaign, by carefully-staged theatrical rows with the Netherlands and Germany. But Turkey is surrounded by many actual or potential enemies - Syrian, Kurdish, Iranian, Russian - who see how easy it will be to exploit and exacerbate the country's hatreds and deep divisions".
London's Independent newspaper has published an analysis of Turkey's referendum result that is absurd even by the standards of pro-Erdogan propaganda literature.Of the many pundits analysing the Turkish referendum vote, the most absurd, even by the standards of pro-Erdogan propagandists, comes from someone called Patrick Cockburn writing in Britain's Independent newspaper.Recently, an exclusive Duran report exposed The Independent reporting fake news about Russia and Iran threatening military retaliation against American forces in Syria, when in fact the polar opposite is true. This has been repeated and confirmed many times by many officials, including the Presidents of Russia and Iran.Now though, completely fake news has been replaced by totally absurd analysis. Cockburn's byline summary states,Turkey has invaded and occupied Syria. The inverse is not true and will certainly never be true in the foreseeable future. Syria has no designs on Turkey but under Erdoğan, Turkey does and is acting upon its designs for Syria.In fact, prior to the current conflict, Damascus and Ankara had fairly normal relations Erdoğan's gross miscalculation of his ability to re-Ottomanise Syria may yet be his downfall as Russia and Iran as well as the Syrian Arab Army are staying the course. Inversely, US interventions since the infamous missile attack on Shayrat Airbase are down As for Iran, it is Turkey who constantly sides with its fellow NATO members in respect of the increasingly strange and provocative accusations towards Iran. Iran has no ambitions in Turkey and in fact both oppose Kurdish separatism in their respective countries.As for Russia, Putin always calls Turkey a partner and in spite of severe differences in their Syrian policies, it was Russia who invited Turkey to the Astana Peace Talks which the US is not a party to.Turkey and Russia at times have a deeply tense relationship, butThat is history, not the present, in spite of the fact that Russia and Turkey are fighting on opposing sides in Syria. It is actually surprising just how well Russia and Turkey do conduct bilateral relations, given the current geo-political environment.As for Kurds, Turkey's Kurdish issue has been burning since before Erdoğan was even born. It is true that Erdoğan's new found powers may exacerbate the conflict, but there was a time, not so long ago when then Prime Minister Erdoğan actually had somewhat passable relations with the Kurds (by the standards of any modern Turkish leader).After slandering Bashar al-Assad, Cockburn goes on to write a statement which frankly is both racist and inaccurate. He said,I do not deny that the Turkish Republic which Ataturk founded was certainly a modern state, but cannot the same thing be said of Ba'athist Syria and Ba'athist Iraq (certainly under Presdient Ahmed Hassan al-Bakr)? Cannot the same be said for Nasserist Egypt, socialist Algeria, pre and indeed post-civil war Lebanon and The Great Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya?Was modernisation not a common theme among all these states?It should be noted that when many European and British writers say 'Middle Eastern', it is actually derogatory term for Arab states and occasionally Iran. When such observers call Turkey 'European', they are actually implying that Turkey is superior to Arab states or Iran.Cockburn continues,Russia has no official position on the referendum. Russia probably doesn't even care a great deal, asRussia is in fact one of the only countries in the world capable of dealing with Erdoğan without totally losing patience Much of this comes down to the personally calm demeanour of Vladimir Putin. Now that Erdoğan has a crown to match his Sultanic behaviour, it will make little difference to Moscow.Iran will also not see it as any great change in respect of Tehran/Ankara relations. Erdoğan's domestic crackdowns that will almost certainly follow the vote will only lead to 'more of the same' in respect of Ankara's stance towards Iran.Interestingly, Cockburn does not mention Greece nor Cyprus. It is Cyprus in particular which may be the country to suffer most from Erdoğan's newly expanded powers.Erdgoan has never been a friend to the Cyprus peace process and his referendum victory may yet embolden him. This may especially the case since 54% of eligible voters living in Turkish occupied Cyprus voted 'NO' in the referendum. Clearly, Turks in Cyprus are not looking forward to living under the new 'Sultan'.Cyprus is a place that Erdoğan can use like a political football in his game of neo-Ottomanism. Bosnia-Herzegovina, one of the only places in the Balkans somewhat nostalgic for Ottoman colonial rule, may also become such a political football for Erdgoan.Erdoğan has long since lost any meaningful potential friends in the Arab world and the Kurdish issue has been burning since long before the referendum. Events in Syria and Iraq will have a far greater impact on Kurdish-Turkish relations than the referendum.The obsession with Russia and its regional partners has clearly clouded the judgement of Patrick Cockburn. It's no surprise that the guttural Independent would publish such a deeply misguided piece.
5 Storylines for an all-women UFC invasion angle
MMA hotties meet WWE stunners. Regardless of whether you're a UFC purist or a WWE fan, let your imagination run wild like Hulkamania!
by Johny Payne Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017, 16:14 IST
Can you smell what the Rock is cookin'!!!
MMA and professional wrestling are two completely different sports. Granted that both of them require an elite skill-set and cream-of-the-crop athleticism. MMA involves unscripted combat and pro-wrestling involves high-octane manoeuvres with pre-determined outcomes.
Nevertheless, what binds these wonderful sports together is their common goal- that is entertainment. With the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) being the world's top MMA organisation and World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) being the top pro-wrestling organisation, both boast of their respective sets of Superstars.
However, with the WWE's recent wave of reinvigorating its female roster, it need not look any further than the Octagon for qualified and deserving recruits. A UFC invasion of the WWE's Women's division has the potential to add some much-needed spice and chaos to the RAW and SmackDown rosters.
#5 Paige ‘12 Gauge' VanZant challenges Nikki Bella to a Dance-off
Could we see Paige in the squared circle? (Credits: Zuffa LLC)
Paige ‘12 Gauge' VanZant (7-3 MMA) is a top UFC Strawweight (BW/115 pound) fighter, actress, model and dancer. Nikki Bella is a former two-time WWE Women's champion and a long-time mainstay on the WWE roster.
It goes without saying that both VanZant and Bella are in the words of ‘The Brahma Bull' himself, ‘Smokin!'. The UFC's golden child has previously appeared on ‘Dancing with the Stars' finishing the show as a runner-up, and gaining mainstream notoriety in the process.
On the other hand, Bella has won the WWE Slammy award for Diva of the year three years in a row, besides also sharing the Choice Female Athlete award at the Teen Choice Awards in 2016 with her sister.
Predicting the WWE Creative's storylines is what we do, and considering the looks and athleticism that Paige and Nikki possess, it's safe to say that a two-week segment on SmackDown is definitely a viable option for a potential VanZant vs. Bella booking in the WWE.
The VanZant-Bella booking has to include a Dance-Off!
No one said it was going to be easy, but the Washington Capitals fought their way back from the brink of elimination, and sit just four wins away from hockey's ultimate prize. They'll just have to erase the Vegas Golden Knights' 1-0 series lead to do so.
After pummeling Tampa Bay on their home ice in the series' first two tilts, the Lightning returned the favor in front of the fans at Capitol One Arena. Sloppy play up and down the roster made scoring chances hard to come by, where Steven Stamkos and the Bolts' white-hot powerplay made the home team pay for its defensive errors, going 3/7 in Games 3 and 4.
Last Saturday's Game 5 loss was the Caps' third in a row, putting them behind 3-2 in the series, and leaving fans who ventured out to watch drinking to forget. As was the case in Games 3 and 4, the Caps were sloppy with the puck, giving up far too many quality chances to the potent Lightning offense, and looking hesitant and unsure defensively
After vanquishing the hated Penguins and jumping out to a 2-0 lead, hope had evaporated like morning fog on the Potomac, and fans across the DMV were bracing themselves for that all too familiar playoff disappointment.
But a series' momentum can shift like the winds, and a veritable hurricane roared through Capital One Arena last Monday night for Game 6. Aside from a few early chances for the Lightning, the Caps were absolutely dominant. Stout defense stymied the usually virtuosic Lightning attack, and any shots that reached netminder Braden Holtby were stopped with aplomb. T.J. Oshie opened the scoring on a powerplay with 4:48 remaining in the 2nd period, working to get himself free in the slot before ripping the puck past Andrei Vasilevskiy after a perfect pass from Nicklas Bäckström. Turns out that's all they would need.
As I watched from my perch in Row Q of Section 422, my back against the cool concrete high above Chinatown, craning my neck to see around various divisional championship banners, it was hard to shake the feeling that I was witnessing something special. There's probably no such thing as a perfect game, but it's hard to imagine a better 60 minutes of hockey than what the Caps played Monday night. To my mind, the physical game was the difference. Alexander Ovechkin and Devante Smith Pelly (who added the Caps second goal, and been a major contributor throughout the playoffs) were absolute wrecking balls, and even from the nosebleeds, I could see Lightning skaters looking over their shoulder to see if a human freight train was bearing down on them. Oshie tallied an empty-netter in the game's waning seconds to seal the victory, and the party was on. The electric crowd spilled out of Capital One Arena and from the steps of the Portrait Gallery to the Greene Turtle a sea of red chanted “We want the Cup!” and “Let's go Caps!”
Even after such a convincing showing in Game 6, anything can happen in a Game 7, but the Caps were simply not to be denied. In a script fit for Hollywood, Alex Ovechkin drew first blood just over a minute in, blasting an absolute howitzer past Vasilevskiy, and set a tone that refused to abate for the remaining 59 minutes.
Watching the squad respond to their captain's early example was nothing short of inspiring. Devante Smith-Pelly and T.J. Oshie each sacrificed their bodies to block shots that would put down a bull moose (both would briefly leave the game before returning). Tom Wilson galvanized his teammates with a fight near the end of the first period, thrashing Braydon Coburn (who has an inch and 25lbs on Wilson, by the way) after the two had been jawing at one another over the glass in the penalty box. Andre Burakovsky scored his first two goals of the playoffs just under 8 minutes apart, and Nicklas Bäckström put the icing on the cake with an empty netter. In sum, it was a complete team effort that allowed Washington to throttle the Lightning in the final two games of the series.
After a dozen years of disappointment, it was once again Ovechkin's turn to be magnanimous in victory, leading his team in congratulating the Lightning on a hard-fought series in one of the greatest traditions in sports. Ever the free spirit, the red captain gave commentator Pierre McGuire a wolfish smirk before collecting the “cursed” Prince of Wales Trophy, not only touching it, but picking it up and posing for pictures with it as well. After exorcising the demons of Pittsburgh, superstition doesn't seem to mean much to this team.
As Memorial Day weekend wound down, the final chapter of the Caps season began to unfold. Just off the Las Vegas Strip, T-Mobile Arena, hockey's unlikeliest (and possibly loudest) venue gave fans a show both on and off the ice. Prior to puck drop, Lil Jon, Michael Buffer, and Criss Angel hyped up the crowd, while a glossy (if overwrought) pregame show proved that Sin City is going to do hockey its own way. Considering that most of DC's celebrities are politicians with AARP cards, I wouldn't expect to see any on-ice sword fights when the series comes to Capital One Arena.
While the pregame festivities were certainly a spectacle, the game itself was nothing short of bonkers. In true Vegas fashion, Game 1 treated fans to the on-ice equivalent of a heavyweight title bout, with both fighters trading haymakers and fans waiting to see who was still standing when the dust settled. Like a heavyweight fight, it wasn't always pretty to watch, emotion and nerves had both sides amped up and sloppy, but the fireworks made up for the lack of precision. The NHL's two remaining teams battled back and forth, trading goals, with neither team able to pull away. The 6-4 final score belies the fact that the Caps were one well-timed stick check away from Lars Eller tying the game at 5 apiece with 40 seconds to play before Tomas Nosek potted an empty netter to seal the Golden Knights' first every Stanley Cups Finals victory.
There are no moral victories in the Stanley Cup Finals, but it's important to remember the circumstances surrounding Game 1. The Golden Knights were hosting their first ever Stanley Cup final game, and the team entered the tilt with a 12-3 record throughout the playoffs with a just a single home loss. They'll have to clean up their act defensively, but the Caps have proved they can handle the iciest conditions in the desert, and the series will soon be heading back to the friendly confines of Capital One Arena. Two more dissimilar cities may not exist, and plotlines will abound both on and off the ice. If you missed the memo last time, there's time to jump on the bandwagon. Buckle up.
Three people have died in Wells Estate‚ Port Elizabeth‚ after they were beaten and burnt to death on Tuesday following the recovery of an alleged stolen vehicle in the area.
Two were necklaced with tyres while the third was beaten to death. It is believed two others managed to flee.
SowetanLIVE's sister publication‚ HeraldLIVE‚ is on the scene‚ where a large group of community members have gathered.
"I don't talk about the court case at all, but what I will say is that life throws challenges at you and that was a big challenge, one of the biggest," Roache, now 86, says when asked about the charges.
"What I learned from that is that if a challenge comes your way, you take it, you accept it, you embrace it, then stand on your truth, be positive and optimistic. Then you come out wiser and stronger than before it happened. That's really all I've got to say on that."
Life returned to normal on "the street." Ken Barlow arrived back in Westfield from Canada to discover that his alcoholic son Peter had been charged with murder.
Barlow's third wife, Deirdre, died tragically (as did Anne Kirkbride, the actress who played her part for 41 years).
Barlow then escaped death when he was pushed down a flight of stairs by an unknown assailant who turned out to be another one of his sons, Daniel.
And Barlow's daughter, Tracy, continued to display the sort of personality traits that distinguishes her as the most disliked character in the show, except, perhaps, for neighbour Pat Phelan who turns out to be a serial killer.
For sure, Roache has seen a lot of changes on the set of the street over the last 58 years. He considers Coronation Street, created by the late Tony Warren, a landmark in television history.
"When we first started in 1960, we weren't a soap, we were part of the new realism sweeping through the theatre and the cinema with James Dean, Marlon Brando and John Osborne's "Look Back in Anger," Roache says. "We were realism on television and we went straight to the top with that."
The show's secret to longevity has been its ability to change with the times, tackling the leading social issues of the day — race, sexism, gender identity, homosexuality, mental health and suicide.
"It's organic," Roache says. "As life changes, the street changes. You'll always hear older people saying things like 'I don't like the street anymore, it's not what it was.' That's good. If they're not saying that then we're not bringing in the younger people. It's a producer's problem. Sometimes they lurch a bit too far or sometimes they don't move far enough. If we were as we were in the '60s, we'd be long dead."
For his part, Roache plans on staying with the show as long as it will have him. Back when he was in his 40s, he thought briefly about leaving the show for a career in film. He decided to stay, however, when he realized that sometimes the scripts the Coronation Street writing team — there are 14 of them — came up with were as good as any in film or theatre.
"I will continue for as long as I am able and as long as they want me," he says. "And I intend living for a long time. I'd like to be the first centenarian to be working in a soap."
grockingham@thespec.com
905-526-3331 | @RockatTheSpec
grockingham@thespec.com
905-526-3331 | @RockatTheSpec
Watzke sets deadline for Barça's Dembele deal
A senior figure at Borussia Dortmund says any deal to take Ousmane Dembele to Barcelona must happen in the next two weeks.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 17:55 IST
Ousmane Dembele playing for Borussia Dortmund
Barcelona have two weeks to finalise a move for Ousmane Dembele, Borussia Dortmund chief executive Hans Joachim Watzke has indicated.
The identity of Barça's replacement for Neymar, who joined Paris Saint-Germain for a world-record fee of €222million earlier this month, is yet to be determined, with Dembele and Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho believed to be the Catalan giants' preferred targets.
Dortmund told the German stock exchange last week that they had rejected a €100m bid from Barça for Dembele, who only moved to Signal Iduna Park from Rennes in July 2016.
The 20-year-old French forward has been indefinitely excluded from selection contention after missing a training session without permission.
Liverpool's owners, meanwhile, released a statement on Friday insisting they will not consider any offers for Coutinho, an announcement that was swiftly followed by reports the Brazil international had submitted a transfer request.
It remains to be seen if Ernesto Valverde's Liga powerhouse will succeed in securing the services of either player before the transfer window shuts on August 31.
Watzke, though, may have sought to force Barça's hand with his latest remarks regarding Dembele.
"The time horizon is enough for two games," he told Kicker when asked for an update on the situation.
Dortmund is away to Wolfsburg in their opening game of the new Bundesliga season on Saturday, followed by a home match against Hertha Berlin a week later.
General News of Tuesday, 24 April 2018
Source: ghanaguardian.com
Dr Stephen Kwabena Opuni, former Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Ghana COCOBOD
Dr Stephen Opuni, a former Chief Executive Officer of the Ghana Cocoa Board (COCOBOD), has sued Multimedia Group Limited (MGL), owners of Adom TV, for GHS10million for defaming him.
Also named in the suit are Daniel Nii Odoi Tutuwani, a producer at Adom TV and Kojo Nkansah, alias Lilwin, as second and third defendants, respectively.
In the suit filed at the Accra High Court on Tuesday, 24 April 2018, Dr Opuni stated that on or about the 24th day of March 2018, on the prime evening hour of 7pm, MGL and Daniel Nii Odoi Tutuwani caused to be broadcast and published; and Lilwin broadcast and published as part of the very popular programme entitled: ‘Don't Think Far News', defamatory words in a mixture of the Twi and English languages.
In the suit filed at the Accra High Court on Tuesday, 24 April 2018, Dr Opuni stated that on or about the 24th day of March 2018, on the prime evening hour of 7pm, MGL and Daniel Nii Odoi Tutuwani caused to be broadcast and published; and Lilwin broadcast and published as part of the very popular programme entitled: ‘Don't Think Far News', defamatory words in a mixture of the Twi and English languages.
The suit explained that the defendants showed a recording of numerous metal boxes in rooms which were filled to the brim with US$100 bundles and stated as a fact that these said metal boxes filled with these said notes were found in the house of Dr Opuni.
The suit indicated that when translated in English, the utterances of Lilwn states as follows: “The former COCOBOD boss has his ass on fire. One of the first government appointees to be socket by the Akufo-Addo administration has been hurled before the Accra High Court and charged with causing financial loss to the state. Former COCOBOD CEO Dr Stephen Kwabena Opuni and one Seidu Agongo, together, are facing 27 charges. Dr Stephen Kwabena Opuni was appointed as CEO of COCOBOD on November 30, 2013. He was the CEO till January 2017, which is four years as CEO. After his term of office, he intended to travel abroad but was stopped by immigration officials at the airport stating that there was ongoing investigation concerning him during his term of office as CEO of COCOBOD, and, therefore, was not permitted to leave the country till the matter has been solved. Also rumour has it that he is involved in some money scandal and building of a house.
From that time till now, investigations have been ongoing. Investigations are being conducted at his house morning, afternoon, evening and midnight to and fro. Again, it has also been revealed that COCOBOD's former CEO is guilty of stealing state funds and the sum involved is estimated to be US$ 512,000,000 which when converted into Ghanaian cedis amounts to 2.35billion.
There are trunks of money found in Dr Opuni's possession which are stacked up in a room. These monies are not in Ghanaian currency but United States dollars and also not in smaller denominations of twenty (20) or fifty (50) dollars but in higher denomination of hundred (100) dollars with every one hundred United States dollars (US$100) equivalent to four hundred and fifty Ghana cedis (GHS450.00). This is the second room and it's packed up like that in about twenty rooms and the rooms have their fans on so as to allow the money have enough air. This is part of the reasons first aid prices have been increased by the DVLA.
People are speculating that if he had all this money in his room when he was arrested, then there is a possibility that he has spent more than what is left. The image showing is the tomb of the former COCOBOD CEO's mother which he used some part of the money to erect on the grave. This building, which looks more than a Trassaco building, is a cemetery which was bought and can be used to bury about forty (40) people but was used for a single person, his mother, and has erected a building on it. This building will cost more dollars when in Trassaco but it is being occupied by the remains of a dead person in a forest. This is a message from a viewer stating that this is Dr Opuni's mother's tomb in her village Babianeha in BA when people have no place to sleep….COCOBOD money…sad!
Gone are the days when children were guilty of petty stealing but today the adults have taken over. If there is any truth in the fact that this man has packed this amount of money in his room….Ghanians always talk about the money scandal involving Woyome, meanwhile someone has this amount stacked in his room and now that it has been seen, Woyome will start having a good night sleep because he now has a competitor who has spent more than he, Woyome. Ghana will be a better place now that Mr Martin is back to do his job. If we had thrice the money in Dr Opuni's room in Ghana, there will be no poverty in Ghana. One individual has packed all this money in his room and is spending it, building big houses while our roads are in deplorable states and we're experiencing instability in our energy sector. God is our helper.
With the charges leveled against him, he will soon be convicted like Abuga Pele who spent some small amount of money and was convicted for twelve years. These twenty-seven (27) charges against Dr Opuni will be very difficult to get away with and these charges might get him to serve a jail term of about three hundred years (300) years in prison or better still, one million years, God is our helper. We are waiting to see how it goes”.
In the suit, Dr Opuni is seeking a restraining order to prevent the defendants from further publications of the said defamatory comments.
Dr Opuni is also seeking a retraction and apology on six consecutive times on Ghana Television, TV3, Joy TV, Adom TV, a written publication on the website of Adom TV and Joy TV, together with four publications on the front and back pages of the Daily Graphic newspaper for four consecutive weeks.
Man suspected of running from Kershaw checkpoint in stolen truck
Kershaw Co., SC (WOLO) — Kershaw County Deputies say a Winnesboro man has been arrested after they say he fled a traffic safety checkpoint in a stolen truck.
According to Deputies, 49 year old Terry Goins was stopped along with other vehicles as officials were conducting the checkpoint along Highway 12 at White Pond Road. However, once asked for his license Deputies say Goins fled at a high rate of speed in what was later determined to be a stolen Dodge Ram pickup truck.
Authorities say they continued pursuing Goins along Highway 12 toward US 601 when officials say he lost control of the truck, jumped from the vehicle and began to run on foot toward a wooded area. Deputies followed Goins into wooded area and found him a short time later face down in small body of shallow swampy water.
Deputies administered a dose of Narcan to help Goins regain consciousness from what was believed to be an overdose. Goins was taken to the Kersahw Health Emergency room and treated before being transported to jail.
Goins is currently being housed in the Kershaw County Detention Center with a bond of more than 12 thousand dollars. Goins has been charged with failure to stop for blue lights, driving under suspension, and possession of a stolen vehicle worth more than 10 thousand dollars.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ARI SHAPIRO, HOST:
Now to Vermont, and a town where the mayor is seeking Syrian refugees. Just last week, the first two of possibly 25 refugee families arrived in Rutland. It's a blue collar town of about 16,000 people. Refugee advocates worry that the Trump administration could suspend refugee programs at any time, just as Trump promised to do during his campaign. Some in Rutland would favor that, while others say the town needs the infusion of diversity. Vermont Public Radio's Nina Keck reports.
NINA KECK, BYLINE: The first two families arrived quietly at night - four adults, five kids, all exhausted - we're told. The media was not invited, and reporters were asked to be sensitive to the family's privacy. Rutland Mayor Christopher Louras, who's been a champion of resettlement, helped both families move in.
CHRISTOPHER LOURAS: As our new neighbors - fleeing for their lives, coming to a new home a half a world away to rebuild those lives - they needed to understand that they were welcome.
KECK: Louras applied on behalf off of Rutland to receive refugees, beating out several other Vermont towns to do it. The local high school is planning a Syrian dinner to help introduce the families, but there remains an uncomfortable divide over bringing Syrians to town.
(SOUNDBITE OF FIDDLE PLAYING)
LOURAS: You get a sense of it at the local farmer's market, where vendors sell everything from kombucha and winter vegetables to steaming mulled cider. Some worry about the vetting process and the cost of resettling refugees. Fifty-one-year-old Michael Spafford took a break from selling fudge to admit he's torn by the issue.
MICHAEL SPAFFORD: I get that America is open arms to all the people from different countries and that's how we're a melting pot. What I'm concerned about is I know people who are living in the woods because they're poor and they're homeless, and I know veterans who aren't getting proper care. Something Donald Trump did say the other day - America is giving money out to so many other countries. I can't help but think we should be taking care of our own first.
KECK: Refugee proponents, and there are many in Rutland, counter that it's not an either or, but it's a debate that's been raging for months. Back in April, when Mayor Louras announced the plan, many were surprised - Rutland hasn't taken in refugees before. The mayor said helping Syrians was the right thing to do, but he also believes refugees could help solve a problem. Rutland's population is shrinking. Lyle Jepson, director of the Rutland Economic Development Council (ph), says the city's population is expected to decline another 10 to 16 percent by 2030. Even more worrisome - most of that drop will be among those under age 50.
LYLE JEPSON: What that means is we're entering a crisis period. We're aging, we're retiring, we're living much longer, and there are fewer people coming in to replace us.
KECK: Jepson points to data gathered by the Vermont Chamber Foundation that says the entire state will need nearly 11,000 new employees a year until 2040 to replace retirees and fill new jobs.
JEPSON: We hear people say our children are leaving because there are no jobs here. We need to change that narrative because there are jobs here.
KECK: He says young motivated refugees would be a welcome part of the talent pool in Rutland. The first newcomers include people who are multi-lingual, one has a degree in French literature. Depending on their skills, he says they could find work with local hotels, nursing homes, the nearby Killington Ski Resort or local GE plant.
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN: OK, dill pickles. Thank you.
KECK: Back at the farmer's market, Josh Squire wraps up a sale. The 32-year-old moved to Rutland from Delaware, which he describes as much more culturally diverse. Rutland, he says, needs more of that.
JOSH SQUIRE: Different ideas can spur a new business, and that new business brings in money for the economy. So having, you know, even a couple more a hundred people in our little town, it's going to make a big difference for us.
KECK: But he worries that if the U.S. scales back its refugee programs, the first two Syrian families here could be the last. For NPR News, I'm Nina Keck in Rutland, Vt.
(SOUNDBITE OF CHRISTINE AND THE QUEENS SONG, "TILTED") Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher believes his former club did NOT enjoy a successful January - and says £75million new boy Virgil van Dijk is currently ‘too big' after a topsy-turvy start to Anfield life.
The Reds finally signed the Dutch defender from Southampton for a club record fee after being knocked back last summer.
But they cashed in on Philippe Coutinho, the Brazilian international completing a £142million move to Barcelona.
Daniel Sturridge also departed - on loan to West Brom - while the club's hierarchy were unable to persuade RB Leipzig to part with Naby Keita early.
And according to Carragher, it cannot be seen as a successful month.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
(Image: AFP)
"I think if you lose your best player there's no way you can dress it up as a positive window, certainly in January as well," he said on Sky Sports' The Debate special. "I think every Liverpool fan, myself included, when Philippe Coutinho stayed in the summer, felt okay.
"We know he's going next season, let's enjoy these 12 months, probably similar to Ronaldo, Luis Suarez, you always felt that was going to happen.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
"To lose him mid-season, you know I don't agree. Philippe Coutinho is not worth that [£146m], he's not that good. I would have taken £20m, £30m less in the summer to know that Liverpool would have had him in the second half of the season, because at that time we're still in the FA Cup, we're still in the Champion League.”
Van Dijk enjoyed an excellent Reds' debut, scoring the winner against Everton in the FA Cup in front of the Kop.
But he has since played in the back-to-back defeats to Swansea and West Brom, before being left out of the starting lineup for the 3-0 win at Huddersfield.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Ex-Liverpool skipper Carragher believes he will come good, but says he needs to improve his fitness, quickly.
"I think it will prove to be a great signing, but he hasn't hit the ground running,” Carragher offered.
"I think he needs to get fit and lose a bit of weight. He actually looks too big. Maybe that's to do with not having a pre-season."
© Sputnik/ Evgeny Biyatov
The Russian Defense Ministry praised Syrian paratroopers' first ever operation to free a populated area in Daesh's rear.On August 12, Syrian paratroopers were deployed behind Daesh's positions in 20 km from the battlefront; the operation resulted in the liberation of the town of al-Hadar located on the border between Raqqa and Homs provinces.Russian Ka-52 combat helicopters conducted strikes in the area to help the Syrian army's campaign."With the help of night vision systems, the renowned [Ka-52] Alligators not only effectively directed and corrected the fire of multiple-launch rocket system, but also destroyed [terrorists'] armored vehicles and armed cars," the ministry said.Russian military advisors took part in the preparation of the Syrian paradrop behind Daesh's defense lines, while well-known Syrian commander, General Suhel Hassan headed the operation."In a brief battle, the Syrian paratroopers... destroyed the headquarters and ammunition depots of terrorists, knocked out two [Daesh] tanks and three armored vehicles," the Russian military said.The Syrian paratroopers were holding the captured positions before the approach of the main forces. "The actions of the tactical landing force and the effectiveness of the fire damage inflicted on Daesh fighters allowed the government troops to seize al-Hadar without losses," the Russian military said.After the successful operation, the Syrian army gained control over 60 square kilometers of the territory, three populated areas and two oil fields.On Sunday, the Russian Defense Ministry said that that Russian military aviation helped the Syrian army liberate Daesh's hotbed in the Homs province, the town of As-Sukhnah. The development paves the way for the operation to free besieged Deir ez-Zor.The same day, Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said that the Deir ez-Zor liberation would largely mean the successful end of the fight against Daesh.
Volunteers will help ensure pennies have been spent wisely when they take part in a “grand flush” at a new music and events complex in Hull.
The 140 volunteers are needed to flush all the loos simultaneously at the Hull Venue on June 13.
It is part of testing for the launch later this summer of the £40m Myton Street arena.
In return volunteers will be given a free guided tour - becoming some of the first people to be shown around.
General manager Dan Harris said: “The Grand Flush may sound trivial, but it goes to show the level of detail we have to go through to ensure the Venue is ready for action.
“We're testing lots of different bits to ensure they can withstand 3,500 visiting and one of the ways to do that is to flush the toilets at the same time!”
Acts already confirmed for the 3,500-capacity arena include Jack White, Madness, George Ezra, Boy George & Culture Club and The League of Gentlemen.
To sign up visit https://www.universe.com/events/the-grandflush-tickets-3SXGH2.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An England football fan has apologised after reportedly vandalising a monument to Spartak Moscow's greatest ever player.
The footy fan, identified as Rufus Hall, is thought to be the man arrested by Russia after the statue of former USSR midfielder Fyodor Cherenkov was daubed with ‘England' in red letters before the match at the Spartak Stadium.
Photos appeared online of the defaced statue before the match. Other England fans are said to have tried to wash away the graffiti, which left a red smear on the bronze statue.
Rufus was arrested by police and there were fears Russian hooligans would try to get revenge for the vandalism.
(Image: @SelemenevE7/Twitter)
(Image: east2west news)
(Image: @sport24_ru/Twitter)
Footage has now emerged online of Rufus apologising.
In the video the bearded Three Lions fan says: "I feel sorry, I feel embarrassed, I love this country.
"For the two days I've been here your people have been welcoming I've had a lovely time I would never disrespect your country.
"I respect the history and had I known this would offend people I would never have done it and I wholly apologise."
Hall was fined 3,000 roubles (£36) after pleading guilty in court and apologising to a judge for painting the Fyodor Cherenkov statue, according to Russian reports.
A spokesperson for the Foreign Office said: “Our staff have offered assistance to a British man who was stopped by police in Moscow last night.”
Cherenkov was a prolific scorer with FC Spartak Moscow, hitting the net 86 times in 344 appearances from 1977 to 1990.
(Image: east2west news)
(Image: east2west news)
The footballer, who died aged 55 in October 2014, won four titles with Russia's most successful club, and also played for the Soviet national team, with 43 caps.
He left Spartak Moscow in 1993 with a club record of 494 appearances.
The two-time USSR player of the year was suffering from a brain tumour when he died.
After his death, the statue was erected outside the stadium and a stand was named in his honour.
(Image: Alamy)
(Image: @SelemenevE7/Twitter)
Spartak Moscow said at the time: "With his brilliant, cheerful, genuine and ethereal performances, Fedor Cherenkov had brought a lot of joy to millions of fans in the whole country.
"He had largely personified the very core of Spartak's football," the Moscow club announced on their website.
"A stand at the new Otkrytie Arena will be named after Cherenkov and a statue of the midfielder is also planned."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you're dreaming of recreating Theresa May's waking nightmare of a conference speech with your own disintegrating slogan, now's your chance.
Mrs May's keynote address to Conservative Party Conference was plagued by calamity.
She was upstaged first by a stage invasion from a comedy prankster, then a persistent cough.
And in the final humiliation, the slogan on the shoddily constructed backdrop fell to the floor one letter at a time.
But now someone has created an online gadget which lets you create your own self-destructing stage set messages.
You can create your own slogans here
Of course, it's already been used to hilarious effect.
Meanwhile, the spluttering Prime Minister has finally broken cover, making a carefully scripted statement on her leadership.
It's her first appearance in public since her disastrous conference speech was upstaged by a stage invasion from a comedy prankster, a persistent cough and a shoddily constructed backdrop.
The Prime Minister made brief remarks after attending a coffee morning in her Maidenhead constituency.
(Image: PA)
She told reporters: “I've had a cold all this week. But I'm here today at a fantastic event that is raising money to support people and their families who are going through real difficulty.
“Now what the country needs is calm leadership and that's what I'm providing with the full support of my cabinet.
“And next week I'm going to be updating MPs on my Florence speech, which has given real momentum to the Brexit talks.
“And I will also be introducing a draft bill to cap energy prices, which will stop ordinary working families being ripped off.”
Asked if she had a message for people in her party plotting to topple her, she risked accusations of the return of the Maybot, by repeating: “What I think is necessary for the country now, what the country needs is calm leadership. That's exactly what I'm providing, and I'm providing that with the full support of my cabinet.”
Tina Turner's son Craig has died in California at just 59. Picture: Facebook
Tina Turner's son Craig has died in California at just 59. Picture: Facebook
TINA Turner was seen attending a fashion show in Paris on Tuesday just hours before her son was found dead aged 59 after reportedly taking his own life.
Craig Raymond Turner, who is the singer's firstborn child, was found unresponsive at his home in Studio City, California, on Tuesday.
Police confirmed there were no suspicious circumstances and he was pronounced dead at the scene at 12.38pm local time (5.38am AEST), reports The Sun.
Tina Turner with her son Craig, pictured in the 1980s. Picture: Supplied
The Los Angeles County coroner's office assistant chief Ed Winter confirmed he had died by suicide, however a post-mortem examination is due to take place.
Just hours earlier, music icon Tina Turner, 78, was seen attending a Giorgio Armani show at the Haute Couture Fashion Week in Paris.
She was just 18 when she had Craig with Raymond Hill - who played the saxophone for the band Kings of Rhythm.
Craig was adopted by her husband Ike Turner after their marriage in 1962 and gave him his name.
Ike and Tina Turner in Australia in 1975. Picture: Supplied
She also adopted Ike's two children from his first marriage - Ike Jnr, 59, and Michael, 58.
Turner has a son - 57-year-old Ronnie - with Ike.
In an interview with Oprah Winfrey in May 2005, Tina Turner said Craig was "a very emotional kid" who had witnessed her being abused by Ike.
Tina Turner has spoken about how her children saw ex-husband Ike beat her. Picture: Supplied
She said: "They saw the black eyes. Ike's children never reacted, but my oldest son, Craig, was a very emotional kid. He'd always look down in sadness.
"One day when Ike was fighting me, Craig knocked on the door and said, 'Mother, are you all right?'
Tina Turner is a true legend of the music industry. Picture: Supplied
"I thought, 'Oh, please, don't beat me at home.' I didn't want my children to hear."
According to his Facebook page, Craig worked in real estate in Beverly Hills.
Tina Turner moved to Switzerland in 1994 before her second marriage to German music producer Erwin Bach five years ago.
If you or someone you love is in crisis or needs support right now, please call Lifeline on 13 11 14 or BeyondBlue on 1300 224 636. If it is an emergency please call 000.
This story was originally published in The Sun and is reprinted with permission.
Bitcoin futures are making their debut and, like everything else surrounding cryptocurrencies, they are the subject of fierce debate, MarketWatch reports.
Digital currency mavens are convinced the advent of an exchange-traded product will transform bitcoin, providing a venue for professional traders and institutional investors to enter and legitimize the market. Critics, including some within the futures industry, argue that the contracts are premature and, in a worst-case scenario, present a systemic danger given the underlying volatility of the digital currency market.
Here are a few things investors need to know:
Futures basics
Let's start with the basics. Cboe Global Markets launched its bitcoin futures contract, trading with the symbol XBT, at 6pm eastern time on Sunday, while rival CME Group plans to launch its contract on Decembrt 18.
A futures contract allows a trader to place a leveraged bet on whether the price of the underlying asset will move higher or lower before the contract expires. A trader who thinks the price will rise can go “long,” while a trader who expects the price to fall can go “short.” In futures, there is a short bet for every long and vice versa.
Bitcoin futures will be cash settled, meaning no bitcoins will actually change hands when a contract expires. Winning traders effectively collect their gains from the losers. As with most contracts, traders will likely have closed out positions, collecting gains or ceding losses, before expiration.
Shorting
The ability to place a short bet without having to first borrow the underlying security is one of the appeals of the futures market. Investors hope it will make for more efficient price discovery, helping to tame the extreme volatility that regularly whipsaws the bitcoin market.
It's also likely to be welcomed by bitcoin bears, who have been frustrated by the technical difficulty inherent in shorting bitcoin.
READ Forget missing out on bitcoin mania, and be glad you didn't short it
That easier shorting ability could put near-term pressure on bitcoin prices, but even cryptocurrency bulls should welcome the development, said Thomas Lee, managing partner of Fundstrat Global Advisors, in a Friday note.
Shorting “creates ‘true price discovery,' and the ability to short means hedge funds can take bitcoin more seriously. This should actually improve the long-term prospects of bitcoin as it broadens sponsorship,” he said.
Hedging
The success of the contracts may also turn on its appeal as a hedging tool for those focused on the digital mining process that creates new bitcoins. Indeed, the big players in the market, dubbed “bitcoin whales” in this Bloomberg article, may be particularly interested in the ability to hedge against the possibility of a sharp price fall via the futures markets.
And some professional futures traders “are licking their chops for the opportunity to unleash their quantitative trading systems on the bitcoin market,” said Matt Osborne, chief investment officer at Altegris, a La Jolla, California-based provider of alternative investment products with around $3bn in assets under management.
But that's going to take time, he said, as they will need price history data on which to build systems.
Premature?
On the downside, it's hard to ignore the reservations expressed by big banks and brokers, who have criticized the futures launch as premature. In an open letter to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the Futures Industry Association said the exchanges didn't get enough feedback on margin levels and other considerations.
READ Brokers say bitcoin futures contracts ignore risks
A number of big Wall Street banks were telling customers they won't offer them access to bitcoin futures when the Cboe contract launches Sunday, The Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with matter. Goldman Sachs, the largest US futures broker, will offer access, but only to certain customers, the report said.
Meanwhile, some futures brokers are adding to the already hefty margin requirements imposed by the exchanges in response to bitcoin's underlying volatility.
Margin
Margin is the amount of money a trader must initially pony up as collateral when taking a futures position. For many heavily traded contracts, the margin amount is under 10% of the total value of the underlying contract. But the CME will require bitcoin traders to put up a 35% margin, while the Cboe is set to require 44% of the daily settlement price.
In the case of Cboe, that means if the contract was trading at $15,000, a trader wishing to go long or short would have to put up $6,600. He would be subject to additional margin calls if the margin account falls below a certain level.
The high margins reflect concerns about the underlying volatility of bitcoin which this week alone saw large price swings, at one point rallying around 40% in less than two days as it soared to new highs.
Price limits
Like most futures contracts, bitcoin futures will be subject to limits on how far prices can move before triggering temporary and permanent halts. In the case of the Cboe contract, trading will be halted for two minutes if best bid in the contract closest to expiration moves 10% above or below the previous day's close. If, after trade resumes, the contract moves 20% or more above or below the previous day's settlement, trade will be halted for five minutes.
‘Tiptoe'
Institutional investors and professional traders are likely to “tiptoe” into the futures market, Osborne said. But what about retail investors who might be tempted to dip their toes in? “Bitcoin is volatile enough as a stand-alone investment. I don't think the retail investor needs to be adding to leverage through a futures contract on top of bitcoin,” Osborne said. “So buyer be very much beware when it comes to retail investors and futures contracts.”
This article was published by MarketWatch
Kerr plans to coach Warriors 'for a long time'
Steve Kerr has no plans to leave the Golden State Warriors following their triumph in the NBA Finals.
by Omnisport News 15 Jun 2017, 06:46 IST
Steve Kerr
The Golden State Warriors know Steve Kerr will coach next season. The NBA championship-winning boss plans on sticking around much longer than that.
After Golden State general manager Bob Myers said he fully expects Kerr to be in charge in 2017-18, the Warriors head coach said he is "planning to coach for a long time" on Wednesday.
Kerr – who has been dealing with chronic back issues – said he knows how fortunate he is to coach "a group of players this talented who are together in their primes" following their 4-1 NBA Finals win over defending champions the Cleveland Cavaliers.
"It's so rare I know exactly how lucky I am," Kerr told ESPN. "I love it, I love the group, I love coaching them every day, and this is what I want to do for a long time. That's the plan, so I just got to keep pushing forward."
As for a possible White House visit for the new NBA champions, Kerr said the unsubstantiated Tuesday report saying the Warriors unanimously voted following the game to decline an invitation from President Donald Trump was false.
"We haven't even gotten that far and all those reports are false," Kerr said. "It may be that a couple of players have been asked about it. I think Andre [Iguodala] and Draymond [Green] may have been asked about it, and David West.
"We never had any discussion about it either during the season — that obviously would have been premature, that'd be bad karma to talk about that. But after the game that's the last thing on our minds. We're just trying to celebrate and enjoy everything.
"I'm picturing this scene where I go in and say, 'Hey everybody, everyone be quiet, let's take a vote on whether we want to go to the White House.' Are you insane? That's not going to happen. We're having too much fun for that."
Kerr has been extremely critical of Trump. Iguodala, Green and West have also expressed their displeasure with the president.
On Wednesday, Steph Curry said he probably would not visit the White House if the team were invited.
Iguodala joked Tuesday there might even be a different president in the White House if and when that invite does come.
"There's a respect for the institution, for the office; there's a respect for our government that I think you have to take into account, regardless of people's opinions of the person sitting in that chair," Kerr said. "I think it's important, but it's also important for the players because it's really about them to make the decision whether they want to go or not."
Mexico City
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned Mexico on Friday to be wary that Russia does not interfere when it elects its next president in July.
Russian agents have been accused of using online propaganda and computer hacking to undermine democratic processes in the United States and several European countries.
The Kremlin dismisses such allegations, but a probe into whether US President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign colluded with Russia has triggered a bitter political crisis in the US. Reports this week suggested Washington fears that Mexico will also see such interference in July, when voters will choose a successor to President Enrique Pena Nieto.
Asked about this at a news conference with Mexico's Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray, Tillerson said: “All I can say to you is that we know that Russia has fingerprints in a number of countries around the world.—APP
Well, that was fast. Elon Musk claims to have sold out of flamethrowers in just four days.
The Tesla founder said on Twitter that he would stop taking orders for the $500 devices after selling 20,000. The goal was to raise $10 million for his tunneling business, The Boring Company.
The Boring Company, founded in 2016, has plans to create a network of underground tunnels to ease traffic congestion.
Musk, who is known for provocative antics, first mentioned plans to sell a flamethrower in December, and repeatedly plugged the idea on social media.
The Boring Company insisted the flamethrower is safe.
"Much like a roller coaster, this is designed to be thrilling without danger," a company spokesman said in a statement.
Musk had advertised the flamethrowers as "guaranteed to liven up any party," drawing a huge reaction online.
"When the zombie apocalypse happens, you'll be glad you bought a flamethrower," he tweeted on Sunday. "Works against hordes of the undead or your money back!"
Related: Can Elon Musk make subway tunnels cool again?
The flamethrowers will start shipping in the spring, according to The Boring Company's website. Musk said in a tweet that each flamethrower would be dispatched with a complimentary fire extinguisher.
The Boring Company previously sold 50,000 hats for $20 apiece in 2017. The business is privately funded.
Related: Tesla won't pay Elon Musk unless...
Not everyone is amused. Miguel Santiago, who serves in the California State Assembly, said he would file legislation to block the stunt.
"We've now seen some of the worst wildfires in California's history, so handing out flame torchers for $500 is a really bad idea and bad public policy," he said.
-- Julia Horowitz and Bill Burke contributed to this report.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
This Malibu, California, manse is the iconic beachside community's most expensive listing to date, on the market for a steep $81 million asking price. Formerly known as the Malibu Castle , the property has been unoccupied since it was destroyed by fire in 2007. For over a year, it has undergone a luxurious revamp slated to be completed this month. In 2015, architect and developer Scott Gillen purchased the 3.5-acre property for $9.7 million, and has spent the past two years constructing the "New Castle," a 10,500-square-foot masterpiece that rivals its predecessor in palatial style. The main residence boasts five bedrooms and six baths, while a separate 4,000-square-foot guest house has two bedrooms, four baths, a kitchen, and its own spa. Soak in stunning hilltop views of Santa Monica Bay, the Catalina Islands, and Malibu Colony through glass walls that slide open onto several sunny decks. The spectacular home also features a wine tasting room, infinity pool, and 120-foot-long great room. And for the king and queen who value their privacy, the extraordinary estate is situated on a cul-de-sac at the end of a 400-foot-long gated driveway.
Pinterest Courtesy of Sandro Dazzan
Pinterest Courtesy of Sandro Dazzan
Pinterest Courtesy of Sandro Dazzan
Peterborough Panthers have completed an unwanted hat-trick of three SGB Championship defeats in as many days.
A city team featuring only three regular riders - due to an injury crisis and their decision to again allow top talent Jack Holder to race in Poland - was brushed aside 58-34 at Newcastle last night (August 13).
Injury forced Panthers captain Ulrich Ostergaard to pull out of the meeting at Newcastle.
The Brough Park beating followed hot on the heels of a Saturday setback at bottom side Berwick and a Friday drubbing from title hopefuls Edinburgh.
Bradley Wilson-Dean missed all three meetings with a hand problem while Tom Bacon crashed out at Edinburgh with a shoulder issue which sidelined him for the remainder of the weekend. He's due to see a specialist this week.
And captain Ulrich Ostergaard was then added to the casualty list with knee and ankle injuries sustained in the first of two crashes he was caught up in at Berwick.
He battled through the remainder of that meeting, but succumbed to the pain yesterday morning and withdrew from the Newcastle clash.
Paul Starke battled gamely for Panthers at Newcastle.
That meant number one Chris Harris, Paul Starke and Simon Lambert were the only regulars on show last night - and two of them are not fully fit!
Starke bravely soldiered through the busy spell despite having shoulder and hand injuries sustained in a big crash riding for SGB Premiership club Poole on Thursday.
And reserve Lambert endured a hectic run of seven-ride shifts on three successive nights despite still not being fully over his June wrist surgery.
“To come out of the weekend with more injuries than league points is certainly not what we wanted,” said team boss Carl Johnson.
“We went into the Northern tour already a man down without Bradley and the further injuries have really hurt us.
“Losing Tom on Friday was very disappointing as he's been in good form lately, and then seeing Ulrich caught up in crashes made life even more difficult.
“He probably should have withdrawn at Berwick as he could barely walk, but he wanted to keep going to help the team.
“But there was no way he could ride at Newcastle and he was due to go to hospital last night to get himself checked out properly.
“We were always going to be up against it there with so many guys missing, but we kept things tight for the first half of the meeting.
“Newcastle had a run of four 5-1s in five races towards the end of the night that powered them clear, but we dug in and stuck together.”
Panthers actually led briefly early on after a 4-2 inspired by a Lambert success in heat two. Reserve guest Luke Ruddick, who rides for Mildenhall in the National League, took third spot to register his only point of the night.
And while that proved to be the city side's sole advantage, they did ride solidly as five of the opening nine races ended in 3-3s.
Harris and Starke both enjoyed a heat triumph during that run, but Harris was unable to repeat the feat when taking a tactical ride in heat 11.
He had to settle for second place behind Diamonds man Steve Worrall, who performed considerably better for his regular club than when guesting for Panthers the previous night, in a 4-4 outcome.
Harris did sign off on a high by winning the finale to deny Worrall a maximum and take his own points tally to an impressive 13, while Lambert was paid for double-figures for the second successive evening when piling up 8+3.
Lambert also had to take evasive action to avoid a pile up with guest Jonas B. Andersen after the Redcar man - drafted in to cover for Ostergaard - hit the deck in front of him in heat 12 to earn an exclusion.
The club's other guest - Shelby Rutherford - was gifted his only point by an Andersen error late in heat 10. The National League man filled the void left by Holder's absence with Panthers not granted a facility to bring in a like-for-like replacement.
Their decision to not include Holder was branded a ‘disgrace' in an article in the meeting programme at Newcastle, but Johnson was keen to avoid being dragged into a war of words.
“Everyone is entitled to their opinion - and that's the one of Newcastle,” added Johnson. “Our stance as a club is clear - we feel we have acted in the best interests of our rider in terms of furthering his career.”
Panthers are back in action on Sunday (August 20) when they go to Scunthorpe.
SCORES
NEWCASTLE: Steve Worrall 14, Robert Lambert 11+1, Stuart Robson 9+1, Ludvig Lindgren 8+4, Ashley Morris 7+2, Ben Hopwood 6, Alfie Bowtell 3+1.
PANTHERS: Chris Harris 13, Simon Lambert 8+3, Paul Starke 6, Jonas B Andersen (guest) 5, Shelby Rutherford (guest) 1, Luke Ruddick (guest) 1, Rider replacement for Bradley Wilson-Dean.
As a young boy, Holtville and Calipat dentist, Gayle Cheatwood remembered traveling with a mission-minded man, Don Lang, from Western Avenue Baptist Church in Brawley, to a church he planted in Mexicali, Baja California. Cheatwood said at the age of 14 he went with another church member to the east side of Brawley, to another church plant, and remembered playing the piano and telling the young people about Jesus.
“This is why I like to take youth with me on missions. That was how I got started, how God moved my heart,” Cheatwood said.
Cheatwood never forgot his early mission adventures. Now, he is the founder of Dental Vision and travels the world with various teams he assembles, including other dentists, to give free dental and vision services to indigent peoples. Also his wife Nita goes on all his trips and keeps every aspect organized.
Back in high school, he also was on the track and field team at Brawley High, learning under his coach, Xen Jones. Decades later, roles are reversed as Cheatwood is the coach to Jones, only this time in the mission field, as he led Jones and his wife, Shirley, and 45 others, including seven dentists, to Oaxaca, Mexico on a medical mission trip.
His latest trip, to Oaxaca almost did not happen. He had planned an earlier trip with a different team into China. However, his contact there advised him not to come because the Chinese government was persecuting them mercilessly. It was so bad, the contact told Cheatwood, they were bringing in children affected with cerebral palsy and torturing them to divulge names. Although the plane tickets had been bought, Cheatwood did not want to bring on more persecutions with their visit.
“So, I had two weeks suddenly free. I thought I might get a doctor's check-up since it had been five years since my last one,” Cheatwood said. “I felt fine, though.”
It turned out he was not fine. Within minutes of listening to his heart, the doctor called a cardiologist who quickly diagnosed his aortic valve was practically non-functioning. Emergency surgery was needed and through connections, Cheatwood was admitted to a hospital in Phoenix where a bovine valve replaced his faulty one. The doctor told him if he had gone to China, he probably would have died there.
“The surgeon told me that the bovine valves never fit perfectly, there are always adjustments is size, or diameter the doctors do during surgery to get it right. The surgeon was amazed because the one they got for me was an absolute perfect fit. No adjustments were necessary,” Cheatwood said.
Advised to wait four months before traveling after his open-heart surgery, Cheatwood was planning another mission trip two months later.
“There was something special about this last trip,” Cheatwood said to a group gathered at his church that came to hear about the latest mission. “The people were so open to hear the Gospel. So many accepted the Lord, even one of the dentists. I was working on a ten-year-old boy, telling him about Jesus, and his eyes welled up with tears and he said he wanted to know Him more.”
Shirley and Xen Jones, widely traveled themselves, were asked to join Cheatwood on his Oaxaca trip. They had never been on a mission's trip although raised in a church and active church members.
“What a joy that was,” Shirley said. “We were the newbies on the block. I didn't know what we would do, but Gayle kept telling us there was plenty of work.”
As it turned out, Shirley gravitated to the children. “There were hundreds of children that came to us. I brought coloring supplies from home. They colored for hours, literally. I have never seen children sit that long and color. They were so poor, they had nothing really, and were so content to color.”
Xen found his place in the mission team sterilizing instruments. “Don't call them tools,” he said. “I got reamed for that! They are instruments!”
The team serviced 1200 people in dental care and eyeglasses. Xen said the people were so poor they cooked in outdoor mud ovens and the smoke from the ovens eventually caused a film to cover their eyes. He also said families walked for miles in paper-thin sandals to reach the clinic.
“Their need just touches you,” Xen said. “If you ever have a chance to go on a missions trip – go, just go.”
OTTAWA — A Conservative MP stung by the sudden death of colleague Gord Brown is handing out pill case key chains on Parliament Hill, urging everyone he sees to carry a couple of potentially life-saving Aspirin.
Rob Nicholson says that after Brown's fatal collapse earlier this month in his Parliament Hill office, he felt the need to do something — so Nicholson went online and ordered hundreds of the key chains to hand out on the Hill and in his Niagara Falls riding.
Nicholson wants to encourage others to follow suit, arguing that people are more likely to carry the key chains than a bottle of pills from their medicine cabinet.
Nicholson announced the initiative Wednesday alongside Brown's widow, Claudine Courtois.
He says the idea is to have Aspirin on hand at all times, to be chewed when the symptoms strike — a measure that's known to buy heart attack victims precious minutes before help arrives.
Nicholson says he was at a conference a few years back when he heard about others carrying Aspirin key chains, and was inspired to carry one himself.
He also says it would be an "excellent idea" for the House of Commons to install defibrillators, something he's heard from others over the years.
Following his news conference, Nicholson handed a key-chain to Liberal MP Celina Caesar-Chavannes.
"Love it," she said, adding, "You always know where your keys are."
Now Playing Pretty Little Liars: Shay Mitchell Makes the Case for Paily in the Ship War
Shay Mitchell has landed her first major post-Pretty Little Liars gig and we're super stoked about it.
Mitchell will play Peach Salinger in Greg Berlanti's Lifetime psychological thriller series You, according to The Hollywood Reporter. Peach is the "queen bee" of aspiring writer Beck's (Elizabeth Lail, Once Upon a Time) social group and has her eyes on Joe (Penn Badgley), the head of the group's love triangle with a stalker crush on Beck. As things get darker, Joe is willing to remove any obstacle or person who stands in his way of being with Beck.
Pretty Little Liars: I. Marlene King Spills on That A.D. Twist and Potential Spin-Offs
While the subject matter doesn't seem like such a stretch from Pretty Little Liars, Peach is a far cry from Mitchell's eight-year turn as the kind hearted Emily Fields on the Freeform drama. She's trading her soccer shorts and nurturing spirit for high heels and a killer attitude.
Mitchell's role in the project is part of a continued relationship with Warner Bros. Television, which produced PLL and is backing You. The actress signed a production deal with the company that will allow her to develop her own scripted and unscripted shows for the studio under her own imprint Amore & Vita productions.
What does that mean? Prepare to see a lot more of Mitchell in front of and behind the camera.
Meet our new space explorers, the spacecraft of the BepiColombo mission, as they begin their adventure to planet Mercury. But first, they have to navigate through Amsterdam Schiphol airport to reach Europe's Spaceport in Kourou, French Guiana.
The spacecraft really do depart from Schiphol; along with essential ground-support equipment they are scheduled to fly in a series of Antonov aircraft during the last week of April and first week of May. Upon arrival at Kourou, an intensive six-months of preparations will prepare the mission for launch. The launch window opens 5 October until 29 November 2018.
Find out more about the BepiColombo mission.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A grieving family has paid tribute to a “brilliant mother” from Bristol who was found dead at her home.
Robyn Lily Hartrey, a health carer who has been described as loved by many, was found at her house in Leinster Avenue, Knowle, in July last year.
An inquest at Avon Coroner's Court was told the 25-year-old died due to misadventure following an argument with her boyfriend Connor Churchley.
At an emotional hearing, which was attended by more than a dozen family members, Robyn was described as a “lovely, bubbly person” who was well-liked in the community.
(Image: Facebook)
Denise Hartrey, speaking on behalf of the family, said afterwards: “She didn't deserve to go like that. She was the nicest person who would do anything for anyone.
“You can tell how much she meant to everyone just by the amount of people who came today.
“She was a brilliant mother and loved her boy dearly. That was why we found this particularly shocking.”
Robyn, who worked as a health carer, had argued with her partner in the days prior to her death.
It was said at her inquest, which was conducted by assistant coroner Myfanwy Buckeridge, Mr Churchley was suspicious of Robyn's behaviour and believed she might have been seeing someone else.
But close friend Shannon Coyne said she saw Robyn on July 29, and said it was her belief Mr Churchley had in fact cheated on her while on holiday.
In his evidence, Mr Churchley admitted he argued with Robyn about this on July 29, but left her house in the afternoon to go to his mother's.
“Robyn had been caught with her ex-boyfriend while I had been away on holiday,” he said in a statement, which was read on his behalf.
“She told me nothing had happened but I didn't believe her. I tried to repeatedly leave but Robyn begged me to stay.
“Eventually, I returned to my mother's.”
It was while Mr Churchley was at his mother's address that Robyn became increasingly agitated by the situation.
Detective Sergeant Steve Black, of Avon and Somerset Police, said she started sending text messages to Mr Churchley threatening to end her life – which he ignored because he said he did not believe she was being genuine.
“There were some messages from Robyn to Mr Churchley where she explains she is harming herself,” DS Black told the inquest.
“She said her phone was going flat and asked Mr Churchley to go to the address. As the texts go on, she explained she is bleeding.
“Towards the end, she said ‘please come, I don't want to kill myself. I love my son and I am sorry'.”
Robyn also sent a similar message to other relatives around 2.35am. The 25-year-old was later found by her grandmother Denise and step-father Steve Gough, who called the police.
In reaching a conclusion of misadventure, Ms Buckeridge said she was not satisfied Robyn – who was found to have alcohol and traces of cocaine in her system at the time of her death – intended to take her own life.
“I am satisfied the steps Robyn took were deliberate and she did end her own life but I am not satisfied of her intention,” the assistant coroner explained.
“I take into account the means but also the nature of her texts, which suggest she was expecting or hoping that she would be interrupted.
“My conclusion is that this was a death due to misadventure.”
Most people who are thinking of taking their own life have shown warning signs beforehand.
These can include becoming depressed, showing sudden changes in behaviour, talking about wanting to die and feelings of hopelessness.
These feelings do improve and can be treated.
If you are concerned about someone, or need help yourself, please contact the Samaritans on 116 123.
WWE Rumor Mill: IIconics selling more merch than expected; WWE has big plans for them
WWE officials are said to be highly impressed by the IIconics' merchandise sales.
Daniel Wood ANALYST News 30 May 2018, 17:00 IST 599 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Billie Kay and Peyton Royce are making waves on SmackDown Live
What's the story?
A couple of weeks ago the IIconics had a shirt added to WWEShop.com and a source has told Wrestlingnews.co that it has been selling more than WWE officials expected, which could be really good news for fans of Peyton Royce and Billie Kay.
In case you didn't know...
The IIconics were part of the recent batch of NXT call-ups including Andrade "Cien" Almas, Authors of Pain, No Way Jose and SAnitY, however, most of them seem to be languishing on the main roster with no clear plan.
Follow Sportskeeda for the latest WWE news, rumors and all other wrestling news.
The IIconics, however, were instrumental in costing Charlotte her WWE SmackDown Women's Championship and have been involved in one way or another every week on the show.
The heart of the matter
The IIconics shirt on WWEShop.com is a simple black shirt that uses their logo, with Royce and Kay in the silhouettes of the two 'I's. You can see a picture of it below.
The IIconics T-Shirt
WrestlingNews.co alleges that a source has told them that the above shirt has been flying off of the proverbial online shelves at a rate that has surprised many of the WWE's top officials, who are consequently impressed.
With this in mind, they go on to say that both Peyton Royce and Billie Kay feature in some pretty big creative plans with the WWE wanting them to be an updated version of popular women's due 'LayCool'.
Also, we are told that WWE management has big plans for the duo. The idea for them is to turn them into the next version of LayCool, or an updated version of the duo.
What's next?
The IIconics are still making a name for themselves on SmackDown Live but there has been a programme teased with the Bella Twins and the expectation is that they will be heavily involved if/when the heavily teased and rumoured Women's Tag-Team belt is introduced to WWE.
Would you like to see the IIconics as Women's Tag Team Champions?
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
After a 16-game home stretch at Lovelace Stadium, North Texas returned to the road to visit the University of Texas at San Antonio and split games with Lady Roadrunners, winning 4-2 in game one, but then dropping game two 9-6.
North Texas (11-14, 2-3) entered the game fairly evenly matched up with UTSA (14-11, 3-2) on paper and both teams showed up offensively, combining for 21 runs and 34 hits.
With a win in the first game, the Mean Green snapped a 11-game road losing skid that dated back to the 2017 season.
“I think for us we were just trying to get a win, whether it was on the road or at home,” head coach Tracey Kee said. “After a flat practice yesterday, I think we came out very focused and fired up.”
North Texas 4, UTSA 2
Freshman pitcher Hope Trautwein took the mound for the Mean Green and, despite giving up eight hits, held the Roadrunners to just two runs, leading North Texas to the win. Trautwein tossed a complete game while striking out five.
UTSA put themselves in position to score on multiple occasions, but Trautwein managed to keep her composure and escape any more trouble.
“I felt really confident because we all came together,” Trautwein said. “That wasn't only a win for me, but a win for everyone.”
Trautwein even managed to hold UTSA outfielder Bailee Baldwin, who is the current leader in C-USA in home runs, to an 0-for-4 performance.
“She's one of the best hitters in this conference,” Kee said. “We understood of containing her and I felt like Hope did a nice job of doing that.”
Sophomore outfielder Katie Clark sparked the Mean Green offense, leading off the game with a solo home run after a nine-pitch at-bat. Junior infielder Harley Parella tacked on to the lead the very next inning with an RBI double.
After the Roadrunners scored two in the bottom of the third to tie the game, sophomores Lindsay Gregory and Lacy Gregory retaliated in the fifth. The twin sisters ripped back-to-back doubles to put North Texas back on top and give Trautwein a lead on the mound.
Clark would have the last straw by knocking over her second solo shot over the centerfield wall. Clark now has four home runs with nine RBI's and a team high .377 batting average.
“It was a great team win,” Clark said.”Everyone just went out there and did what they were supposed to do.”
UTSA 9, North Texas 6
A slug fest that included four home runs between the Mean Green and the Roadrunners ended with UTSA getting in the last punch, as they utilized a big five-run sixth inning to steal one away from North Texas.
“It was just our inability as a pitching staff to hold that lead with just six innings to go,” Kee said. “Right now, it's a matter of them getting in the right mindset and wanting to finish games.”
North Texas took the over the lead with a five-run sixth inning that were products of a sacrifice fly, bloop single and two-run bomb from junior infielder Sam Rea, which was her second of the game.
Unfortunately for the Mean Green, the Roadrunners still had a lot of fight in them and Baldwin was looking for retaliation after her hitless outing in game one. With the bases loaded and only one out, Baldwin gave UTSA the lead with just one swing of the bat and smashed one over the left field wall on the first pitch she saw.
That was all the Roadrunners needed, as the Mean Green were not able to climb back in the seventh and dropped yet another game in the late innings.
Rea headlined North Texas' offense, going 3-for-3 with those two home runs and three RBI's. Rea's big bat has come just as expected, with five of her eights this season being long balls.
“I'm just trying to swing at as many strikes as I can, as hard as I can, whether its a base hit or a home run” Rea said. “It obviously boosts my confidence. I don't have to picky because I know if I get the bat on the ball, it'll go far.”
Up next: North Texas will stay in San Antonio and take on the Roadrunners on Sunday at 1 p.m. to decide who takes the series.
Featured image: North Texas sophomore Katie Clark (4) hits the ball against Texas-Arlington. , Saturday, March, 3, 2018, Lovelace Park in Denton, Texas. Jake King/
It's that time again: Netflix is switching up its queue, and you'll want to pay attention, as to not miss any of your favorite movies' final days. On Tuesday, the streaming service revealed everything leaving and coming to Netflix in May 2018. As usual, you've got to take the good with the bad. There are plenty of additions to get excited about, as well as a few tearful goodbyes to be had.
If you are looking for some nostalgia, there are a few favorites from the early 2000s you can time-travel with. Basically, they're all those movies you saw in theaters in your teen years: 2008's Mamma Mia (which has a sequel on the way), The Bourne Ultimatum from 2007, and Angelina Jolie's Wanted, another '08 flicks. And as usual, there are some Netflix Originals on the list. Dear White People Season 2 drops on May 4. Not only is this season tackling every issue you can imagine, based on the teaser trailer, but The Chi's Lena Waithe joins the cast as well.
So now is the time to get out your planner and schedule those marathons. Some of these titles you'll want to add to your calendar in big red letters — whether that's to say a proper farewell or make sure you don't miss the premiere.
What's Coming
May 1
27: Gone Too Soon
A Life of Its Own: The Truth About Medical Marijuana
Amelie
Barbie Dreamhouse Adventures: Season 1
Beautiful Girls
Darc
God's Own Country
Hachi: A Dog's Tale
Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay
Hellboy II: The Golden Army
High School Musical 3: Senior Year
Ashley Tisdale on YouTube
John Mulaney: Kid Gorgeous Live at Radio City
Mr. Woodcock
My Perfect Romance
Pocoyo & Cars
Pocoyo & The Space Circus
Queens of Comedy: Season 1
Reasonable Doubt
Red Dragon
Scream 2
Shrek
AnimatedMoviesC on YouTube
Simon: Season 1
Sliding Doors
Sometimes
The Bourne Ultimatum
The Carter Effect
The Clapper
The Reaping
The Strange Name Movie
Yu-Gi-Oh! Arc-V: Season 2
May 2
Jailbreak
May 4
Dear White People: Volume 2
Netflix on YouTube
A Little Help with Carol Burnett
Anon
End Game
Forgive Us Our Debts
Kong: King of the Apes: Season 2
Lo más sencillo es complicarlo to-do
Manhunt
My Next Guest Needs No Introduction With David Letterman: Tina Fey
No Estoy Loca
The Rain: Season 1
Busted!: Season 1
May 5
Face Places
May 6
The Joel McHale Show with Joel McHale
May 8
Desolation
Hari Kondabolu: Warn Your Relatives
May 9
Dirty Girl
May 11
Bill Nye Saves the World: Season 3
Evil Genius: the True Story of America's Most Diabolical Bank Heist
Spirit Riding Free: Season 5
The Kissing Booth
The Who Was? Show: Season 1
May 13
Ali Wong: Hard Knock Wife
May 14
The Phantom of the Opera
May 15
Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce: Season 4
Grand Designs: Seasons 13 - 14
Only God Forgives
The Game 365: Seasons 15 - 16
May 16
89
Mamma Mia!
TrailerGrl on YouTube
The 40-Year-Old Virgin
The Kingdom
Wanted
May 18
Cargo
Catching Feelings
Inspector Gadget: Season 4
May 19
Bridge to Terabithia
Disney's Scandal: Season 7
Small Town Crime
May 20
Some Kind of Beautiful
May 21
Señora Acero: Season 4
May 22
Mob Psycho 100: Season 1
Shooter: Season 2
Terrace House: Opening New Doors: Part 2
Tig Notaro Happy To Be Here
May 23
Explained
May 24
Fauda: Season 2
Survivors Guide to Prison
May 25
Ibiza
Steve Martin and Martin Short: An Evening You Will Forget for the Rest of Your Life
The Toys That Made Us: Season 2
Trollhunters: Part 3
May 26
Sara's Notebook
May 27
The Break with Michelle Wolf
May 29
Disney·Pixar Coco
Screen Master on YouTube
May 30
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt: Season 4
May 31
Bombshell: The Hedy Lamarr Story
My Next Guest Needs No Introduction With David Letterman: Howard Stern
What's Leaving
May 1
Bridget Jones's Diary
1keepcalmandcarryon on YouTube
Casper
Chappie
Charlotte's Web
Field of Dreams
GoodFellas
Ocean's Eleven
Sahara
Silent Hill
The Exorcism of Emily Rose
The Hurt Locker
To Rome With Love
To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar
May 2
12 Dates of Christmas
Beauty & the Briefcase
Cadet Kelly
HilaryDuffLatinoA on YouTube
Camp Rock
Camp Rock 2: The Final Jam
Cow Belles
Cyberbully
Disney's The Cheetah Girls
Disney's The Cheetah Girls 2
Disney's The Cheetah Girls: One World
Frenemies
Geek Charming
Good Luck Charlie: It's Christmas
Hello Sister, Goodbye Life
High School Musical
High School Musical 2
Jump In!
Lemonade Mouth
Little Einsteins: Seasons 1 - 2
My Fake Fiancé
Phineas and Ferb the Movie: Across the 2nd Dimension
Phineas and Ferb: Seasons 1 - 4
Princess Protection Program
DisneyMoviesOnDemand on YouTube
Princess: A Modern Fairytale
Read It and Weep
Revenge of the Bridesmaids
Sharpay's Fabulous Adventure
Special Agent Oso: Seasons 1 - 2
StarStruck
Teen Spirit
The Secret Life of the American Teenager: Seasons 1 - 5
Wendy Wu: Homecoming Warrior
Wizards of Waverly Place: The Movie
May 7
The Host
May 12
Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby
May 30
Disney's The Jungle Book
Some of these goodbyes are more bittersweet than others (like the Cheetah Girls), but at least there are a bunch of new titles to get you through it.
Bill Browder, Kremlin Critic, Briefly Arrested In Spain For Murky Reasons
Enlarge this image toggle caption Robin Van Lonkhuijsen/AFP/Getty Images Robin Van Lonkhuijsen/AFP/Getty Images
For a brief time Wednesday, Bill Browder was in Spanish custody. The London-based businessman and vocal Kremlin critic had been arrested in Madrid on what Browder says was a Russian warrant issued through Interpol.
Formerly a major investor in Russia, Browder has spent the better part of a decade waging an international crusade against corruption in Russian President Vladimir Putin's government. He pushed for the 2012 Magnitsky Act, which punished several prominent Russians with U.S. sanctions, and lately he has spoken frequently of Russian attempts to influence the domestic affairs of other countries.
In fact, Browder said it was this "mission" that brought him to Madrid — until, that is, Spanish police detained him. Authorities released Browder just a few hours later, but not before he fired off several tweets chronicling the arrest as it unfolded.
"Urgent: Just was arrested by Spanish police in Madrid on a Russian Interpol arrest warrant," he announced to his followers Thursday morning. "Going to the police station right now."
He even tweeted a picture of the apparent warrant from the Spanish federal government, seeking his arrest for fraud, which a Russian court has convicted him of in absentia.
He was released just a few hours later, after remaining in custody "for the minimum necessary time," the Spanish National Police Corps said.
It was not long before Browder hopped on a plane out of Spain and put the arrest in his rear view — but questions continue to eddy around why, exactly, the activist and commentator was arrested in the first place.
Browder asserted that his detainment came because Russia had obtained an active Interpol Red Notice, or a formal request that one Interpol member country arrest a suspect based on a valid warrant issued by another member country. He noted that Thursday's dust-up was, in fact, "the result of a SIXTH Russian arrest warrant using Interpol channels."
Russia allegedly tried so many times to arrest him, in fact, that Browder wrote a whole book about those attempts, titled Red Notice.
"It's all very scary," Browder told NPR's Rachel Martin last fall. "It's not just arrest. They could try to assassinate me on the street. They've made these threats, and so I am genuinely Putin's No. 1 foreign enemy, and they'd like to wipe me out one way or another."
Spanish law enforcement said officers let Browder go after it was "verified by INTERPOL Spain that the arrest warrant issued by the Russian authorities for tax evasion was invalid."
"An arrest warrant has a date limit and when that expires, it must be deleted from the computer programme and in this case Interpol hadn't deleted it," a police spokesperson clarified to Agence France-Presse.
Yet Interpol denies that there was even an official Red Notice to begin with.
"There is not, and never has been, a Red Notice for Mr Bill Browder," the international law enforcement agency told NPR in a brief emailed statement, adding that "Mr Browder is not wanted via INTERPOL channels."
The agency, which has 192 member countries, did not clarify further.
While Russia has "repeatedly repeatedly requested Mr. Browder's arrest through Interpol," The New York Times reports, "... its requests have been refused repeatedly. In 2013, in a rare and sharp rebuke, Interpol said Russia's request to arrest Mr. Browder 'was of a predominately political nature.' "
It remains unclear, then, how the warrant surfaced and drew Spanish law enforcement's attention Wednesday.
At any rate, Browder landed in London safely later Wednesday, noting that he was "no worse for the wear."
"Getting ready for more Magnitsky sanctions advocacy next week," he tweeted.
The first day of Jordan Montgomery's big-league life was a mixed bag filled with nerves, thrills, strikeouts and too many pitches.
The 24-year-old lefty arrived from Triple-A last Wednesday and stepped into the Yankees' No. 5 starter role against the Rays at Yankee Stadium. He was charged with three runs (two earned), allowed five hits and struck out seven, the second most by a Yankees lefty in his major-league debut since 1913.
But Montgomery lasted only 4 2⁄3 innings, getting pulled after throwing 89 pitches in the 8-4 victory. So the goal for his second start Monday night against the visiting White Sox is clear.
“I just want to go deeper,” Montgomery said before Sunday night's game against the Cardinals. “Really, my job out there is to do what the team needs to win. So I'm going to just keep trying to do that.”
The South Carolina alum isn't a power pitcher, but he's 6-6 and brings some overhand deception in his delivery.
“I think fastball command needs to improve for him,” Joe Girardi said. “But I'm not surprised that it wasn't great for him considering it was the first day he ever pitched in the big leagues. I think his slider will be better. I think that's a big pitch for him.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Michael Pineda has pitched in with advice to the rookie. The main message? “Not to be content with where you are now,” Montgomery said. “Keep working so you can stay here.”
Extra bases
Matt Holliday didn't start after being scratched Saturday with lower-back stiffness. He took batting practice, and Girardi said he was “much better.” . . . Chase Headley went 2-for-2 with two walks. He has a .410/.531/.615 slash line and leads the majors with 26 times on base (16 hits, 10 walks). “I just think he's using his legs more,” Girardi said . . . Ronald Torreyes' two-run double gave him a team-high 10 RBIs in only 40 at-bats.
The APC led Government of President Muhammadu Buhari has replied the statement made by former President,Goodluck Jonathan on the economy as being managed by the current Government.Jonathan who spoke at the last National Convention of the PDP in Abuja had accused Buhari of mismanaging the economy two years after assuming office.The Senior Special Assistant Media to the President,Garba Shehu had this to say"Jonathan was responsible “wiping” the nation's treasury during his time in office. The current administration inherited an economy that was “ravaged by corruption and mismanagement”. Jonathan presided over the “most monumental and tragic economic mismanagement” recorded in Nigeria's history.“The oil sector boomed under his [Jonathan] tenure, with oil prices as high as 120 dollars and peace in the Niger Delta. Nigeria earned unprecedented dollar revenues. Sadly, that is where the story turns sour.“There is nothing to show for the revenues earned; no major capital project was completed, neither power generation, road development, rail nor agriculture benefited from the windfall earnings.“Rather, the administration presided over the diversion of oil revenues on such a massive scale that even without the protection now accorded to whistle blowers, the then Central Bank governor blew not only a whistle but a trumpet. He was hurriedly shown the door.“Indeed the president once celebrated having the largest number of private jets, whilst our youths languished without jobs, our fields stood idle and our factories began the layoff of workers.”"Jonathan's administration simply reticulated oil revenue through “personal spending by corrupt leaders, wasteful expenses and salaries.”“Such was the looting that even the goose that was laying the golden egg was being systematically starved."It was only “aggressive” borrowing by the then ministry of finance that prevented federal government from also owing salaries – “like was the case in 21 states”."When Buhari took over power in 2015, he inherited an accumulated debt and that all the factors were building up to Nigeria heading for a major crisis if the price of oil fell.“Nigeria did not have fiscal buffers to withstand an oil shock.“Nigeria earned a lot of money when oil prices were high but there is nothing to show for it. Now oil prices have fallen; we are suffering.“We would not be suffering now if we had no cash reserves but we had power, or a rail system, or good roads, or good housing. But we don't have money and we don't have the projects either.“Now that the oil has fallen below those levels, it is very difficult to do what is needed but they must be done to save Nigeria. There is no other way if we want to be honest.“If PDP were still in power, they would have continued deceiving people, by borrowing to fund, stealing and wastage and the problem would have simply been postponed for future generations to face.''"With oil prices as high as 120 dollars, the average inflow of dollars each month was high, “making it easy to support cheap dollars”.“However, with oil price plummeting as low as 28 dollars, the fundamental laws of supply and demand dictated that the currency would need to adjust since oil was the sole export.“It is instructive to note that virtually every major oil exporter has witnessed currency adjustments with the fall in oil price.”
Dublin: Leo Varadkar was elected Irish Prime Minister on Wednesday, making the 38-year-old son of an Indian immigrant the first gay premier of the once-staunchly Catholic country and the youngest person to hold the office.
Despite inheriting Europe's fastest-growing economy, he will face immediate challenges in the shape of neighbouring Britain's exit from the European Union, a political crisis in Northern Ireland and a housing crisis at home.
Varadkar succeeded Enda Kenny earlier this month as leader of the Fine Gael party. Colleagues pinned their hopes of an unprecedented third term on the straight-talking Varadkar, who they believe can widen their appeal in elections that may be triggered as soon as next year.
“Enda Kenny's leadership enabled me to become an equal citizen in my own country two short years ago and to aspire to hold this office, an aspiration I once thought was beyond my reach, at least if I chose to be myself,” Varadkar said in reference to Ireland's 2015 vote to legalise gay marriage.
“The government I lead will not be one of left or right. The government I lead will be one of the new European centre as we seek to build a Republic of opportunity, that is a Republic in which every citizen gets a fair go and in which every part of the country stands to share in our prosperity.”
Varadkar's elevation marks another chapter in the social change that has swept through the country of 4.6 million people that only decriminalised homosexuality in 1993 and legalised divorce two years later.
“As the country's youngest holder of this office, he speaks for a new generation of Irish women and Irish men, he represents a modern, diverse and inclusive Ireland and speaks for them like no other,” Kenny told parliament, nominating his successor.
However it is his policies that will attract more scrutiny at home with opponents warning that the former health, tourism and social protection minister, who first joined the centre-right party aged 17, would nudge it further to the right.
While analysts expect few major policy shifts from Varadkar and his new cabinet, the new Fine Gael leader has hinted at some changes.
He has pledged to introduce a less ambitious debt reduction target than the one set by Kenny's government last year, and to lobby the EU for additional leeway to free up more funding for badly needed infrastructure projects.
On Brexit, he wants Northern Ireland, a British province, to remain in the EU's single market and retain access to as many EU programmes as possible to ensure it secures a “soft” Brexit that he has said appears more likely following last week's British election.
Varadkar told parliament on Wednesday that Ireland would hold a referendum next year on liberalising Ireland's abortion laws, currently among the most restrictive in Europe.
European Council President Donald Tusk, tweeting words of congratulations in the Irish language, assured Varadkar that his fellow EU leaders shared a “great sensitivity” about the challenge the island of Ireland faces in the Brexit talks.
Varadkar, who took his seat in parliament 10 years ago to the day on Wednesday, named Paschal Donohoe finance minister, replacing the retiring Michael Noonan. Donohoe will also retain his existing portfolio as public expenditure minister.
Donohoe, 42, has managed budgetary policy with Noonan for the last year and was previously transport minister where he successfully negotiated the sale of the state's 30% stake in former flag carrier Aer Lingus to IAG.
Varadkar also appointed his chief rival for the leadership, former housing minister Simon Coveney, as foreign minister.
Staff Reporter
Quetta
Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi Wednesday said the western route of China Pakistan Economic Corridor and Gwadar Port would transform Balochistan into a trade and energy hub.
Addressing a gathering after inaugurating expansion and renovation of Quetta international airport, he said the progress and development of Balochistan was linked with the development of rest of the country.
He said peace in Balochistan had been restored and urged the provincial government and political leadership to work together for development and progress of the province.
He said the western corridor and the Gwadar seaport would provide easy access to the Central Asian countries and China.
Pakistan would provide easy access with immense opportunities of connectivity through a huge maze of motorways and highways.
Balochistan Governor Muhammad Khan Achakzai, Chief Minister Abdul Quddus Bizenjo, Minister for Information Technology and Telecommunications Anusha Rehman were also present during the ceremony.
He assured federal government's support but maintained that it was the provincial leadership which should take the lead for the progress and development of the province by concentrating on the availability of huge natural resources and connectivity potentials.
He said work on Tajikistan, Afghanistan, Pakistan and India (TAPI) gas pipeline project was being fast tracked whereas efforts were also being made for the rail, road and IT connectivity.
You hear it whenever someone gets sick or dies soon after losing a spouse: Was it because of a broken heart? Stress might not be to blame for former President George H.W. Bush's hospitalization a day after his wife's funeral, but it does the body no favors, and one partner's health clearly affects the other's.
A sudden shock can trigger a heart attack or something like it called broken heart syndrome . Some studies also have found that people are more likely to die soon after losing a longtime spouse.
But often the timing is mere coincidence, and “broken heart” speculation just fuels a neat narrative when the problem is unsurprising in an older person with underlying health issues.
In any case, the death of a loved one is a dangerous time for the surviving spouse, said Dr. Nieca Goldberg, a cardiologist at NYU Langone Medical Center and an American Heart Association spokeswoman.
“It's really important to have a lot of other support around you,” she said. “When people are depressed after something like this happens, they may not be eating, they may ignore symptoms and want to be stoic. They're certainly stressing and may not be getting enough rest. All of these things can set the stage for life-threatening conditions.”
ABOUT BUSH
Bush, who will turn 94 in June, has been hospitalized since Sunday with an infection that's spread to his blood.
Stress weakens the immune system and can make infections harder to fend off, said several doctors not involved in his care. But Bush needs a wheelchair because of a form of Parkinson's disease and has been hospitalized before for pneumonia and other infections.
It's possible he ignored early signs of infection during the flurry of preparations for Barbara Bush's funeral, said James Giordano, a Georgetown University neurologist and expert on stress's effects on the body.
“It could be something as simple as that; inattention led to an escalation of signs and symptoms,” he said. “He's old, there's no good way to put it,” so medical problems and risks are magnified by stress.
Stress has three stages, Giordano said: alarm, when the body releases “fight or flight” chemicals that can do damage; a resistance stage, like “calling out all the troops” to deal with the stress; and then fatigue or a letdown stage, when some of the body's defenses may crash from the strain.
Even if a partner's death is anticipated — as Barbara Bush's was after she decided to focus on comfort care — “facing and going through the reality of the event” is stressful, he said.
JUMPING TO CONCLUSIONS
Stress and a broken heart sometimes may get too much blame, though, when people are grieving.
Country music star Johnny Cash died four months after his wife, June Carter Cash, did in 2003. She was 73 and died of complications following heart valve surgery. He was 71 when he died of problems related to diabetes and had a neurological disease for years before that.
“Broken heart” was widely speculated when Debbie Reynolds died a day after her actress-daughter, Carrie Fisher, did in 2016. An autopsy later showed that Reynolds, 84, died of a blood vessel that ruptured and caused bleeding in her brain — a kind of stroke. She also had high blood pressure and other serious medical problems for several years before that.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
A judge dismissed a Scranton neighborhood group's lawsuit aimed at shutting down a specific landfill leachate line.
In a 10-page decision and order, Senior Judge John Braxton of Philadelphia, sitting in Lackawanna County Court, ruled that Green Ridge Neighborhood Association does not have legal standing to sue Scranton, the Scranton Sewer Authority and its successor, Pennsylvania American Water, over the leachate line issue.
The neighborhood group also failed to name Keystone Sanitary Landfill as a necessary defendant in the case, the judge ruled.
The lawsuit, filed in January, claimed the sewer authority improperly changed a permit in 2015 to allow the landfill to bypass a dedicated leachate line and pipe pretreated leachate through an alternate leachate line, known as the Monahan/Reeves or Green Ridge line. The group claimed the permit change violated a 1990 settlement between the landfill, authority and city that dedicated a different sewer line to be used for leachate.
Claiming that neighborhood group residents are the intended third-party beneficiaries of the 1990 settlement, the lawsuit sought enforcement of it and a voiding of the permit change.
But Braxton agreed with objections by the defendants raised during a hearing on July 19. Those included that the group has no standing to sue because it was not part of the 1990 settlement, and that it failed to sue the landfill, which is an indispensable party in the matter.
“I'm disappointed in the court's ruling and I'll be interested to read the analysis,” plaintiff attorney Paul LaBelle said. “I feel terrible for my clients in Green Ridge for having to deal with leachate in the sewer and stormwater.”
The attorney for the sewer authority, Matthew Carmody, said in an emailed statement that he was glad the judge upheld the objections and dismissed the lawsuit.
“The plaintiff clearly lacked standing to bring this action as a purported third party beneficiary to a 1990 settlement agreement involving the authority, the city and Keystone Sanitary Landfill,” Carmody said.
The attorney for the water company, David Fine, had not seen the ruling and declined to immediately comment. Efforts to contact city solicitor Jessica Boyles and Assistant City Solicitor Joseph Price were unsuccessful.
During the July 19 hearing, Price questioned whether expiration on March 31 of the former five-year permit made the neighborhood group's lawsuit moot. A new five-year permit issued April 1 by the water company allows the landfill to use the alternate leachate line. The permit also says its terms do not extend to any third-party beneficiary.
It's unclear whether or how the neighborhood association may appeal Braxton's dismissal.
“We'll take a look at it and see what we want to do,” LaBelle said.
Contact the writer: jlockwood@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100 x5185; @jlockwoodTT on
Twitter
Weld line elimination and excellent surface appearance are key properties achievable with a new grade of glass fiber-reinforced thermoplastic polyolefin (TPO) based on metallocene catalyst and process technology developed by Japan Polypropylene (JPP, Tokyo). The primary target application of Welnex/GF is automotive interior components.
As opposed to conventional talc-filled polypropylene (PP) grades employed in interior applications, weld lines are almost invisible with the new grade, which crystallizes relatively slowly like a random copolymer grade, resulting in better integration of the two flow fronts. According to a JPP spokesperson, while the cycle time might consequently be roughly 10% slower, advantages such as no need for coating and a softer feel despite the 10–30% glass fiber reinforcement content have already convinced some end user to adopt the material.
WINDSOR, Ont. — World championship track medallist Melissa Bishop is the proud mother of a new baby girl.
The native of Eganville, Ont., tweeted she gave birth to Corinne Chidera on Monday morning in Windsor, Ont.
"We are so damn excited," the 29-year-old Bishop said of her and husband Osi Nriagu, her former teammate at the University of Windsor.
"Our world & hearts just exploded with love July 2, Corinne Chidera, made her entrance at 8:29 AM. Everyone is healthy, happy & time seems to be moving too quickly already."
Bishop, who won silver in the 800 metres at the world championships in 2015 and came fourth at the 2016 Rio Olympics, has said she plans to try to compete at the 2019 world championships and 2020 Olympics.
"I think I'll definitely have someone else in my corner, and someone else to fight for, that's the most exciting part," Bishop told The Canadian Press last month.
Bishop will be looking after young Corinne while her fellow Canadian track and field standouts compete at the national championships this week in Ottawa.
By The Canadian Press
WICHITA -A Kansas man was sentenced Friday to 20 years in federal prison for producing child pornography, according to U.S. Attorney Tom Beall.
In his plea, Michael Rodenbeek, 54, Salina, admitted using an iPhone camera to record videos of a 10-year-old victim and a 9-year-old victim. The recordings were made without the victims' knowledge.
The investigation began in August of last year.
He has three previous drug convictions in Saline County.
Beall commended the Wichita Police Department, Homeland Security Investigations, the Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force and Assistant U.S. Attorney Jason Hart for their work on the case.
Srinagar
Geelani who continues to be under house arrest, tried to march towards Shopian to express solidarity with the families of five civilians killed during past week.
Hurriyat (G) chairman on Friday decried the curbs placed by the authorities to thwart Shopian march, saying that they were not “carrying any guns and grenades”. Earlier, Geelani who continues to be under house arrest, tried to march towards Shopian to express solidarity with the families of five civilians killed during past week.
However, forces deployed outside his residence prevented him from marching ahead of red line. Joint Resistance Leadership comprising Syed Ali Geelani, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq and Yasin Malik has called for march to Shopian today.
Mirwaiz was detained after he defied restrictions and tried to march towards Shopian.
However, Malik – who had gone into hiding from past couple of days to evade arrest – managed to reach Shopian early morning. He was detained after he tried to lead a protest rally in Shopian town.
Soon, clashes erupted in the town. Talking to reporters, Geelani said that they were “not carrying any guns and grenades.—GK
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
Ford Mustang Bullitt logo Enlarge Photo
A new Ford Mustang Bullitt was recently spotted during a film shoot for a commercial in Chicago.
Photos taken at the scene have been posted to the Mustang6G forum and reveal a 2018 Mustang wearing what clearly resembles Dark Highland Green, the color of the Mustang driven by Steve McQueen in the 1968 hit movie "Bullitt." Such a color isn't currently available on the 2018 Mustang options list.
Fans will also note that the car is devoid of a rear spoiler and “5.0” badging, and that it is sitting on a set of retro-style Torq Thrust wheels finished in gloss black and with a chrome lip—once again an option you won't find on the 2018 Mustang.
The biggest giveaway, though, is the faux fuel-filler cap up back. It features the same crosshairs design and Bullitt name found on the last Mustang Bullitt.
Sketches of alleged Ford Mustang Bullitt appear in promotional video Enlarge Photo
Earlier this year, rumors of the car flared up when some sketches of a Bullitt version of the sixth-generation Mustang showed up in an official Ford video.
But before you get too excited, there's still the chance the car spotted during the film shoot was built purely for whatever commercial is being filmed. We have been wrong before.
Then again, with the 50th anniversary of the "Bullitt" movie coming up in 2018, the timing certainly seems right for a new Mustang Bullitt. And previous Mustang Bullitts have been popular enough to warrant a new edition; the previous 2008 edition proved so popular Ford extended production for a second year.
Stay tuned.
DURHAM, N.C. — Raashean Davis matched his career-high with 23 points and grabbed 10 rebounds to lead North Carolina Central to a 72-61 Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference victory over Delaware State Saturday, keeping the Hornets winless in conference play.
Raekwon Harney scored at the basket in the final minute of the first half to give NC Central a 40-34 lead, but Artem Tavakalyan hit a 3 with :38 left to send Delaware State into intermission trailing by just three, 40-37.
Zacarry Douglas' layup with 15:56 left in the game sparked an 8-0 run by the Eagles to go up by double digits, 54-44.
Reginald Gardner Jr. and Pablo Rivas scored 13 and 12 points, respectively, for NC Central (11-10, 5-2) and Jordan Perkins added 10 points, seven boards and six assists.
Published:
The Economic and Financial Crime Commission yesterday arraigned the duo of Ibrahim Onuwe Abdulmalik and Hassan Muhammad Aminu before Justice Dijje Aboki of Kano State High Court on two count charges bordering on conspiracy and criminal breach of trust.
The accused persons who are the Managing director and Head Account of Hydraulic Equipment Development Institute,Kano got into trouble after the commission recieved an intelligence which alleged that the in 2013 when their institute conducted a promotion exercise it inflated the payment of arrears from N8,200,000 (Eight Million, Two Hundred Thousand Naira ) to N18,000,000 (Eighteen Million Naira).
The beneficiaries of the over payment were then instructed to return the balance to the cashier of institute which was later collected by the first defendant.
Count one of the charges read" that you Ibrahim onuwe Abdulmalik and Hassan Mohammed Aminu while being the managing director and Head of Finance and Account of Hydraulic Equipment Development Institute, Kano respectively sometime in 2014 at Kano within the jurisdiction of the Kano State High Court, conspired among yourself to commit an unlawful act to wit:
with intention to defraud inflated the promotion arrears of the staff of Hydraulic Equipment Development Company Kano by adding the sum of N8,563, 530. 49 (Eight Million Five Hundred and Sixty Three A Thousand Five Hundred and Thirty Naira Forty Nine Kobo) only thereto (which was an addition of 12months arrears over the 13months arrears due for payment), and you thereby committed an offence contrary to section 96 of the Penal Code Laws and punishable under section 97 (1) of the same law”.
The accused persons pleaded not guilty to the two count charges read to them. Prosecution counsel Gift Douglas applied for a date for hearing. The counsel to the accused persons made an application for bail but the judge adjourned the hearing of the application to the 3rd July, 2018 while the accused persons were remanded in EFCC custody.
Share This
By JOE DEBURRO, jdeburro@repub.com
The Great American Eclipse of 2017 is coming, and there's nothing that can stop it.
Except clouds.
But to heck with any pessimistic weather forecast you might see. Let's assume clear skies and a sun that's ready, willing and able to be eclipsed wherever you and the millions planning to gather along the 70-mile-wide path from Oregon to South Carolina to watch will be.
Here's what you need to know:
Global petroleum inventories declined through 2017 and the first quarter of 2018, marking the end of an extended period of oversupply in global petroleum markets that began before the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) November 2016 agreement to cut production. OPEC plans to reconvene on June 22, and markets now appear more in balance, but uncertainty remains going forward.
As a result of the November 2016 OPEC supply agreement, which took effect in January 2017, OPEC member countries agreed to reduce crude oil production by 1.2 million barrels per day (b/d) compared with October 2016 levels and to limit total OPEC production to 32.5 million b/d. In addition, Russia agreed to reduce its crude oil production. OPEC extended the agreement in November 2017, with the production cuts remaining in place until the end of 2018.
Since the agreement took effect, global oil markets have tightened, which can be seen in the decline in crude oil and other liquids inventories following sustained increases in quarterly global liquid inventories from mid-2014 through most of 2016.
Data on global petroleum inventory levels are not collected directly, but changes in global inventories are implied based on the difference between estimates of world production and world consumption. For the United States and for countries in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), however, inventory estimates are available and can indicate what is happening globally.
From January 2017 to April 2018, OECD inventories decreased by 234 million barrels. The United States accounted for more than half of that decline, as U.S. crude oil and other liquids inventories decreased by 162 million barrels over that period. By the end of April 2018, both OECD and U.S. inventory levels were lower than the averages for April 2013–April 2017.
The days of supply measure (the current inventory level divided by the next month's estimated consumption) provides additional insight into market balances. Between January 2017 and April 2018, U.S. and OECD crude oil days of supply fell by 11.5 and 4.5 days, respectively, to 59.2 and 60.6 days. Even as this supply measure has declined, current levels are still slightly higher than levels held for several years before 2015.
EIA forecasts that the tightening trend in global petroleum markets will soon reverse. In the May 2018 Short-Term Energy Outlook, EIA forecasts that both U.S. and OECD petroleum and other liquids inventories will return to surpluses compared with their five-year averages, although on a smaller scale compared with 2015–2016.
U.S. and OECD days of supply are forecast to remain close to their previous five-year average levels through 2019. However, additional uncertainty about future global oil market balances remains in light of, among other factors, the U.S. withdrawal from the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and continued political instability in Venezuela.
Principal contributor: Mason Hamilton
VANCOUVER—Almost half of B.C. residents think uncertainty over whether the Kinder Morgan pipeline will be built is causing gas prices to rise and many are already driving less than a result, according to a new Insights West poll. Gasoline cost an average of $1.58 a litre in Vancouver on Wednesday, according to Gas Buddy, a website that tracks prices across the U.S. and Canada.
A third of respondents in a recent poll said they're spending less on food and entertainment in order to make ends meet with the higher gas prices. ( Andrew Wilkinson/Twitter )
One in five British Columbians said they changed their summer vacation plans due to high gas prices. But at the same time, the same number of people have gone so far as to drive to the U.S. in order to buy cheaper gas. A third of respondents said they are spending less on food and entertainment in order to make ends meet with the higher gas prices. Close to half of B.C. residents (47 per cent) say they use their vehicle less often due to gas prices and almost one in four say they are not driving as far. And residents are not optimistic that gas prices will go back down — 70 per cent believe fuel costs will continue to rise in the short term.
Article Continued Below
About 43 per cent of people surveyed said uncertainty over the Kinder Morgan pipeline was to blame for high gas prices but a majority (60 per cent) said taxes were the main culprit. The current B.C. carbon tax works out to 7.78 cents per litre of gas and residents in Metro Vancouver pay an additional 25.5 cents per litre in the form of a motor fuel tax on top of that. The motor fuel tax in Victoria is 20 cents per litre and 14.5 per litre for the rest of the province. Economists say continentwide supply and demand patterns for gas have a greater effect on local gas prices than one project like the Kinder Morgan. The Canadian government announced Tuesday it would buy the pipeline from Trans Mountain for $4.5 billion. Insights West surveyed 810 people throughout B.C. for the poll.
Read more about:
You can try these tips starting right now and don't forget to exercise which will help you lose weight for your wedding day even faster. Eating healthier can help women keep a healthy weight and improve their overall wellbeing. They really aren't that effective and the only thing that will be lean is your wallet.
It will be harder, may boost your metabolism, and your workouts will be more interesting too! Once again, this will help you project a lot more confidence. Remember to eat unsalted nuts during detox, because salt can impede the detoxification process.
Meat products from pastured animals contain more omega-3 in comparison to omega-6 fats. In fact, the pill should not be the first weight loss product to consider when you are thinking of your excessive fats. This probably has to do with how the herb reinvigorates leptin activity. So use your eyes to read and put them into practice.
With a total energy output of 2800 calories (ENERGY OUT), and a calorie intake of 1300 (ENERGY IN), the woman's daily net calorie intake will be -1500 calories. Also, some foods are not digestible in our bodies. One of the best solutions to having a healthy weight loss diet is to reduce the fats and salt.
Splitting up your meals into many smaller meals helps control your appetite. A healthy weight loss is 1-2 pounds a week maximum. Drinking a minimum of a gallon of water daily begins to flush the extra fat from your body. It keeps your mind and body alert and at the same time, strengthens it. https://www.ifirmationeyeserumblog.com/chocolite-it/
Love overpowers the hate. At least that must be along the lines of Chad Ochocinco's thought process.
Reacting to the terrorism is Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend, the former superstar NFL wide receiver offered to pop up at the next white supremacist rally, so he could "hug" and "kiss" them.
Wait ... what?
"You know what the white supremacists need?" Ochocinco told a TMZ cameraman. "They need some f****** love from me. Matter of fact, the next rally, let me know and I'll show up. I'll walk through there hugging and kissing everybody."
He added: "You know how you fight aggressiveness? With love. Love."
He vows that showing up to a white supremacist rally would be an unforgettable sight.
"Could you imagine me?" Ochocinco added. "The only f****** Black guy at the Klan rally with a shirt that says, 'I love you?' And I would do it."
Watch him make his full comments below.
BUSINESS
The profit gap between majors and minors in the semiconductor industry is as wide as eight-fold, analysis by a corporate tracker showed Wednesday, an imbalance veiled by big successes of industry leaders, such as SK hynix and Samsung Electronics.
According to CEO Score, total sales by 173 semiconductor firms last year came to 242.88 trillion won ($225.3 billion). Their operational profit reached 57.1 trillion won. The analysis was based on business reports submitted by the companies who are members of the Korea Semiconductor Industry Association.
The figures indicate an average 23.5 percent in operating profit rate, a high performance considering that the average rate for manufacturers was 5 percent.
(Yonhap)
A closer look, however, revealed that while the two majors had exceptional rates -- Samsung Electronics 47.4 percent and SK hynix 45.6 percent -- the average for 171 smaller companies was only 5.9 percent.The increase in operational profit rate from a year ago also showed a big gap. For the top two, the increase was 20.8 percentage points. For the others, it was 2 percentage points.Excluding Samsung Electronics and SK hynix, Mecaro was the only company to surpass 40 percent by recording 40.9 percent. Tokao Carbon Korea, or TCK, showed a rate of 36.6 percent, and Leeno Industrial 34.7 percent.Eighty-eight firms out of the country's top 500 companies showed a rate of under 5.9 percent average. For 23 firms, the rate was negative. (Yonhap)
BEIJING China's economy expanded faster than expected in the first quarter as higher government infrastructure spending and a gravity-defying property boom helped boost industrial output by the most in over two years. Growth of 6.9 percent was the fastest in six quarters, with forecast-beating March.... reuters 8:50:00 AM CEST
“From the minutes of the previous two MPC meetings it can be inferred that it is a highly structured set-up,” Soumya Kanti Ghosh, group chief economic adviser at State Bank of India, the largest lender, wrote in a February 8 note. “If we take a look at the minutes of the Federal Reserve's meetings, these are more spontaneous and there is much more detailed discussion regarding the various aspects of the economy before arriving at the conclusion.”
Re: He's offering the ‘best experience in the city, bar none,' Keenan, June 14
He's offering the ‘best experience in the city, bar none,' Keenan, June 14
It was wonderful to read about Sean Stewart's Infinity Water Taxi Tours — the peace, tranquility and beauty just minutes from downtown, the eerily quiet islands as seen from the water . . .
But then the dream is shattered when we learn it's all experienced to the accompaniment of the drearily predictable boom box. So much for peace and tranquility, so much for preserving the essence of what it is he is trying to market.
For this is Toronto and god forbid there should be even one corner of it where you can escape the thump of other people's taste in “music.”
Jonny Brownlee may have dreamed about beating his brother Alistair to victory at the Columbia Threadneedle World Triathlon Series event in Leeds.
For one moment this morning, that dream will have seemed to have come true.
The 27-year-old received a congratulatory letter from the International Triathlon Union hailing his “triumphant win” in his home city.
Unfortunately for Jonny, the letter from Marisol Casado was mistakenly sent to him instead of elder brother Alistair.
The letter congratulated Jonny on his recent victory and said he had displayed “great determination and strength to earn a well deserved spot on the podium”.
Jonny did finish on the podium at the Leeds race – but he crossed the finish line on Millenium Square eight seconds behind his brother to take home the silver medal.
Alistair and Jonny Brownlee embrace at the finish line in Leeds
The Olympic silver medallist posted an image of the letter on Twitter accompanied with “#awkward”.
Read more: It's going to be tough to win title admits traithlon star Jonny Brownlee.
Quotes: Ironman Alistair Brownlee unwilling to bend to brother Jonny's will.
Race report: Alistair Brownlee shows endurance steel to edge Jonny once again in Leeds.
Mr Casado's letter in full....
“Dear Jonathan,
“It is with great pleasure to congratulate you on your recent victory at Columbia Threadneedle World Triathlon in Leeds.
“Your commitment and dedication applied to your training that lead to your triumphant win is an inspiration not only to your fellow athletes but to up-and-coming athletes alike.
“You showed great determination and strength to earn a well-deserved spot on the podium and you should be incredible proud of your achievement.
“I certainly hope you thoroughly enjoyed your time at the event, and I look forward to seeing you compete at future ITU events.
“I wish you all the best in your training until your next race
“Sincerely
“Marisol Casado”
....
Awkward indeed!
The future is grim. And also very familiar.
Netflix's new sci-fi extravaganza "Altered Carbon" offers a neon-coloured future where technology has made people question what really makes us human.
Based on the 2002 book by Richard K. Morgan and created by Laeta Kalogridis (Terminator Genisys, Shutter Island), Carbon is a weak sci-fi tale about a world in which humanity can transfer consciousness from one body to another. The series is a bit too reminiscent of sci-fi classics like Blade Runner in its visuals and plotting, and it has trouble getting its bloated story off the ground.
Carbon enters its future world through the eyes of Takeshi Kovacs, a supersoldier known as an "Envoy" who is killed in the first few minutes of the première (played by Byron Mann) and his consciousness, or "stack," is put on ice for 250 years.
In the future, it's placed in a new body, or "sleeve" (Joel Kinnaman) after the wealthy Laurens Bancroft (James Purefoy) buys and assigns him to solve Bancroft's own murder.
Kovacs' investigation is closely watched by Det. Kristin Ortega (Martha Higareda), who couldn't solve the murder. She's suspicious of the wealthy class of "Meths," a group of people so rich they can afford to keep "re-sleeving" themselves and essentially live forever. The lower classes, meanwhile, are lucky if they can re-sleeve even once. Kovacs eventually recruits Vernon Elliot (Ato Essandoh), whose daughter was murdered and trapped in a kind of psychological torture in her own stack.
When Carbon focuses on Bancroft's murder, it's most successful, unspooling a mystery entwined with vice and riches. But more often, it gets lost in extraneous subplots and characters. Visually, the series is so dark you can't see the action. A futuristic San Francisco, called "Bay City," is littered with neon advertisements and flying cars. It's clear that Carbon was expensive, and its effects are clean but rather uninspired. The world it creates is intriguing but clumsily set up, with so much exposition forced into the dialogue it becomes jarring. And the show takes itself so seriously that episodes are often weighed down by their own ponderousness.
Kinnaman is fine in the lead role, but Carbon isn't helped by putting the consciousness of an Asian man in a white man's body, a tone-deaf move amid Hollywood controversy about whitewashing Asian characters. One might argue that the body-swapping concept makes it "postracial," but race is clearly an aspect of this future world, from a rich kid who spits slurs at Japanese party guests to Ortega, who speaks Spanish at home with her mother, a devout "neo-Catholic."
Carbon also is often gratuitously violent and sexual, leaning on its gore and nudity as filler when the story drags. Sure, in a world in which bodies are expendable, violence against them might be common and taboos rare. But the series never explains the ethics of violence in its future world, as some characters embrace it while others express disdain. It also revels in its exploitation of blood and (mostly) female nudity to titillate male sci-fi fans.
With Carbon, Westworld, Star Trek: Discovery and Philip K. Dick's Electric Dreams, sci-fi is having a moment again on TV, especially on streaming services.
GoDaddy tweeted late Sunday night that it has given The Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider after the site posted an article mocking Heather Heyer, who was killed Saturday when a man plowed his car into a group of demonstrators in Charlottesville. ( Curtis Compton / AP )
A leading neo-Nazi website is losing its internet domain host after its publisher posted an article mocking the woman who was killed in a deadly attack at a white nationalist rally in Virginia. GoDaddy tweeted late Sunday night that it has given The Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider because the site has violated the Scottsdale, Arizona-based company's terms of service. GoDaddy spokesperson Dan Race said the move was prompted by a post on the site about Heather Heyer, who was killed Saturday when a man plowed his car into a group of demonstrators in Charlottesville. The post called her “fat” and “childless” and said “most people are glad she is dead, as she is the definition of uselessness.” Read more: James Alex Fields Jr., man accused of ramming car into Charlottesville protesters, denied bail
Article Continued Below
Donald Trump speaks in Washington about Charlottesville protests “Given their latest article comes on the immediate heels of a violent act, we believe this type of article could incite additional violence, which violates our terms of service,” Race said in an emailed statement. Shortly after GoDaddy tweeted its decision, the site posted an article claiming it had been hacked and would be shut down. It wasn't immediately clear if hackers had truly taken over The Daily Stormer or if that was just a prank post from a website known for its trolling tactics.
Andrew Anglin, the website's publisher and author of Sunday's post about Heyer, said he couldn't immediately comment Monday on GoDaddy's move. “I don't have time to talk, we're trying to regain control of the site,” he said in an email to The Associated Press. GoDaddy isn't The Daily Stormer's host, which means the site's content isn't on the company's servers, according to Race. “Only the domain is with GoDaddy,” Race added. Anglin's site takes its name from Der Stürmer, a newspaper that published Nazi propaganda. The site includes sections called “Jewish Problem” and “Race War.” The Daily Stormer is infamous for orchestrating internet harassment campaigns carried out by its “Troll Army” of readers. Its targets have included prominent journalists, a Jewish woman who was running for a California congressional seat and Alex Jones, a radio host and conspiracy theorist whom Anglin derided as a “Zionist Millionaire.” In April, a Montana woman sued Anglin after her family became the target of another Daily Stormer trolling campaign. Tanya Gersh's suit claims anonymous internet trolls bombarded Gersh's family with hateful and threatening messages after Anglin published their personal information in a post accusing her and other Jewish residents of Whitefish, Montana, of engaging in an “extortion racket” against the mother of white nationalist Richard Spencer The Daily Stormer used a crowdfunding website, WeSearchr, to raise more than $152,000 in donations from nearly 2,000 contributors to help pay for Anglin's legal expenses. Other internet services have taken similar action against The Daily Stormer since Anglin founded it in 2013. In 2015, Anglin said PayPal had permanently banned him from using the service. And he complained in January that a Ukrainian advertising company had banned them, leaving an Australian electrician as the site's only advertiser.
Buy Photo Snow collects on the cars parked along Fort Street at Washington Boulevard in downtown Detroit on Monday, Dec. 11. (Photo: Lauren Abdel-Razzaq / The Detroit News)Buy Photo
The weekend's snow is expected to do an encore for the next couple of days, according to the National Weather Service.
After about 1.5 inches of snow fell over the weekend in Metro Detroit, meteorologists with the agency predict more snow will return for the evening commute and continue into Tuesday.
The weather service has also issued a hazardous weather outlook for most southeast Michigan for Monday and Monday night.
"We'll have snow chances throughout the day," said Alex Manion, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service in White Lake Township. "And we're expecting it to come in two different batches from the west."
He said the first batch is currently moving through the area and is expected to bring less than an inch of snow.
After a brief lull, the second batch should arrive in Metro Detroit in the late afternoon or early evening, Manion said.
The chance for snow will continue through Tuesday's early morning hours and this second round of snow is expected to bring an accumulation of 1-3 inches, he said. It's also possible there will be some isolated places that will see as much as four inches of snow, he added.
Officials said the highest amounts of snow will be seen between M-59 and Interstate 69.
It's going to taper off by early Tuesday morning, so the commute shouldn't be too bad," he said.
A low pressure system from Canada is dipping into Metro Detroit and causing the snow and cold temperatures, Manion said.
cramirez@detroitnews.com
Extended Forecast
Monday: Cloudy with a high near 31 degrees and a low near 21 degrees. Snow is likely after 1 p.m.
Tuesday: Partly sunny with a high near 24 degrees and a low of about 12 degrees. There is a chance of snow before 7 a.m. as well as a chance of flurries at night. Wind chills could be as low as -1 degrees.
Wednesday: Partly sunny with a high near 22 degrees and a low of about 16 degrees. There is a chance of flurries before 1 p.m. and a chance of snow showers at night.
Thursday: Mostly cloudy with a high near 26 degrees and a low of about 18 degrees.
Friday: Mostly cloudy with a high near 30 degrees and a low of about 23 degrees. There is also a chance of snow showers.
Saturday: Partly sunny with a high near 37 degrees and a low of about 29 degrees.
Sunday: Mostly cloudy with a high near 39 degrees.
Source: National Weather Service
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2jxu4XN
Soyuz-2.1a launches from Vostochny with 11 satellites
Tomasz Nowakowski
Russia conducted its first orbital mission of 2018 on Thursday, February 1, by launching a Soyuz-2.1a rocket with 11 satellites into space. The mission got underway under mostly clear skies and carried payloads from Germany as well as the U.S.
The rocket lifted off at 2:07 GMT (9:07 p.m. EST) from Site 1S at the Vostochny Cosmodrome, which is located in Russia's Far East.
The launch had been initially scheduled for Dec. 22, 2017, however Roscosmos decided to postpone the flight until Feb. of 2018. The decision was made after the Nov. 28 failure of a Soyuz-2.1b rocket, when its Fregat-M upper stage suffered from a programming error and the flight resulted in the loss of all 19 satellites on board.
The postponement of the Soyuz-2.1a launch from Vostochny enabled mission controllers to perform additional checks of the software to make sure that everything performed as advertised with this flight.
Given that the launch was originally planned to take place on Dec. 22, the rocket was shipped to the launch site on Sept. 10. The primary payload of the mission, the Kanopus V No. 3 and No. 4 satellites – were delivered to Vostochny one month later.
The rocket and the 11 satellites were then given the green light to be sent aloft on Jan. 23 and three days later the engineers completed the integration of the launch vehicle with its payload. The roll out of the rocket to the launch pad was carried out on Jan. 29.
Igniting its four liquid-fueled strap-on boosters, the Soyuz-2.1a rocket thundered off the pad and soared skyward, starting a short vertical ascent. The boosters were jettisoned about two minutes after the rocket had left the launch pad.
The Soyuz-2.1a launch vehicle continued the flight powered by its core stage alone. This stage used an RD-108A engine to accelerate the rocket for nearly three minutes. Three minutes and 48 seconds into the flight, the payload fairing separated, and almost one minute later the core stage was detached from the rocket (these discarded segments were then left to fall back to Earth).
Afterward, the second stage took control over the flight for the next four minutes and was separated nearly nine minutes after the full stack had taken off from Vostochny. The separation marked the beginning of the longest phase of the mission – a five-hour long trek of the Fregat-M upper stage to orbit (and back to Earth for its fiery re-entry into the atmosphere).
The Fregat-M first released the duo of Kanopus-V satellites at about one hour into the flight. Then, approximately one and a half hour later, it started the deployment of its secondary payload consisting of nine smaller satellites. Next, the upper stage conducted a pair of maneuvers to lower its orbit in order to perform a fiery atmospheric re-entry over the Pacific Ocean some five and a half hours into the flight.
“Nine spacecraft from Germany and the United States have been separated [from the Fregat booster]. They have been delivered to the calculated orbits. The customers will start working with them in a while. Over the next 24 hours we will receive information on the spacecraft' condition and how they work, but this is already the customers' responsibility,” said Igor Komarov, head of Roscosmos.
Manufactured by the All-Russia Research Institute of Electromechanics (NPP VNIIEM), Kanopus V No. 3 and No. 4 are Earth-imaging satellites that are slated to be operated by Roscosmos. Each spacecraft weighs around 1,042 lbs. (473 kilograms) and is fitted with two deployable solar arrays and three imaging instruments. The satellites will operate from a Sun-synchronous orbit (SSO) at an altitude of 317 miles (510 kilometers) for a planned five year period.
Kanopus satellites are designed to be used mainly for environmental monitoring, mapping, man-made and natural disaster detection and management, agricultural monitoring and fire detection. They are also designed to provide wide-angle images to compliment the constellation of high-resolution Resurs satellites.
Besides the Russian Kanopus satellites, Thursday's mission also saw five spacecraft launched on behalf of Germany: four S-NET nanosatellites and one D-Star ONE v 1.1 Phoenix CubeSat.
Developed and operated by the Technical University of Berlin (TU Berlin), S-NET are nanosatellites cubical in shape, with a side length of some 9.45 inches (24 centimeters) and a mass of 18.7 lbs. (8.5 kilograms). Their designed lifetime is one year.
S-NET satellites are technology demonstrators to test a new type of S-Band inter-satellite and space-to-ground communications system. The spacecraft carry the SLink instrument – a compact transceiver system for S band communication links of small satellites in low-Earth orbit (LEO) environment.
D-Star ONE v 1.1 Phoenix is a three-unit CubeSat built by German Orbital Systems, the spacecraft is a copy of the original D-Star ONE that was lost on November 28. It weighs around 8.8 lbs. (4 kilograms) and is designed to be operational for one year.
“We called this project Phoenix because since ancient times the phoenix has been a symbol of rebirth and renewal. On November 28, 2017 our satellite burned in the dense layers of the atmosphere, so that in 44 days it could rise from the ashes!” reads the official website of the D-Star ONE project.
D-Star ONE v 1.1 Phoenix is a technology demonstrator which was flown for German Orbital Systems' planned CubeSat communications constellation. The satellite is equipped with four identical radio modules with D-Star capabilities.
Also on the mission manifest for this flight were four Lemur-2 small satellites designated Lemur-2 No. 74-77. Built and operated by American company Spire Global, these three-unit CubeSats designed for meteorology and ship traffic tracking. They weigh 8.8 lbs. (4 kilograms) each and are equipped with a GPS radio occultation payload known as STRATOS and an Automated Identification System (AIS) payload named SENSE.
The Soyuz-2.1a rocket employed for Thursday's launch stands some 151 feet (46.1 meters) tall and has a diameter of 9.68 feet (2.95 meters). It can deliver payloads of up to 8.6 tons (7.8 metric tons) to a low-Earth orbit (LEO) and 3.1 tons (2.8 metric tons) to a geostationary transfer orbit (GTO).
Thursday's flight was Russia's first orbital mission this year (2018) and the third launch from Vostochny to date. The country's next launch is scheduled for Feb. 11, when again a Soyuz-2.1a booster will take to the skies from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan to ferry the Progress MS-08 cargo spacecraft on its way to the International Space Station (ISS).
Video courtesy of Space Videos / Roscosmos
The departure of curator Jane Sellars from Harrogate's Mercer Gallery may have come as a shock in some quarters but the reason for her departure is the same one behind her success in the role for so long - putting creative ideas first.
Jane said: "I've worked in museums and galleries for more than 30 years now with the responsibility for people, buildings, high value art collections and most importantly for the service we provide for our visitors.
Jane Sellars inside Mercer Gallery in Harrogate.
"My job has always had a high creative element, curating exhibitions, writing and research, and that's the part I enjoy the most, so I am leaving to concentrate on the creative side. I am going to work on some new projects - and have a good time as well!"
With a CV including art curator at the Walker Art Gallery in Liverpool, director of the Brontë Parsonage Museum at Haworth and principal curator of Harewood House, Jane is used to shouldering responsibility at the highest level.
Major projects in her 15 years include a major refurbishment of the Mercer Art Gallery in 2011 which involved raising extensive funding.
Appointed curator of art for Harrogate by Harrogate Borough Council in 2003 before rising to become curator of cultural services in 2014 with an overview over the Pump Room Museum, her move is in no way related to a recent flood which saw her and her staff reverting to a very hands-on role!
Jane Sellars BA MA FMA said: "I won't miss the constant worry about the historic buildings that I am in charge of. Only the other week we had an almost disastrous flood at the Royal Pump Room Museum!"
In terms of exhibitions, Jane's tenure has helped shine a light consistently on many talented women artists and also on Harrogate itself as a centre of fine art.
The Mercer Gallery's main hall is currently playing host to Picturing Women, an exhibition marking 100 years since women first got the vote, featuring the work of inspirational women artists past and present.
Jane has also been responsible for record-breaking shows in terms of attendance which have received acclaim in the national media, especially Atkinson Grimshaw: Painter of Moonlight in 2011, which saw people queuing to get in, and Art and Yorkshire: From Turner to Hockney in 2014.
Jane said: "It's hard not to notice my career long support for women artists, a subject I have written about a lot.
"But I also wanted to build on the strength of our collection of paintings and prints by the Victorian William Powell Frith, Harrogate's most famous artist.
"Since I first arrived at the the Mercer in 2003 I haveraised the money to buy six important oil paintings by Frith."
As well as safeguarding the many treasures of the Harrogate Borough Council-owned gallery's own fine art collection and maintaining the popularity of the annual Harrogate Open exhibition for local artists, Jane has also been responsible for the publication of an intelligently-collated, lavishly illustrated themed books on art from the Mercer.
The book on Grimshaw sold more than 5,000 copies, a phenomenal achievement for a town's gallery.
Jane is keen to stress how lucky she has been to shared her time at the Mercer with such a great team of "lovely people."
"I've worked with some great people at Harrogate museums and arts over the years. We have a strong team of clever, dedicated curators, learning managers, front of house and operations staff.
"Harrogate is very lucky to have such a great team in the arts. I've worked with some tremendously talented artists as well to produce memorable exhibitions for the Mercer."
One of her own favourite moments came in 2016 in a dazzling collaboration between the gallery, Yorkshire artist Tom Wood and Northern Ballet and their award-winning artistic director David Nixon. who showed up in person.
She said: "‘It was wonderful when Northern Ballet came and performed specially choreographed pieces on paintings for us at the Mercer a couple of years ago.
"I was breath-taking. These brilliant dancers flying through the air in the gallery setting. We were all spellbound."
Jane may be standing down in her present role at the Mercer but she will still be helming some potentially blockbuster shows in a freelance role at the gallery over the next year,
This June will bring a retrospective of the celebrated artist and cartoonist Posy Simmonds, whose graphic novels Gemma Bovery and Tamara Drewe have delighted huge audiences of readers, plus drawings for her Guardian cartoons in the 1980s and 1990s lent by the Guardian Archive.
The autumn will see Their Safe Haven: Hungarian Artists 1930 – 1980.
And there's more. Despite her decision to go, the best may be yet to come.
Jane said: "I am going to stay on as Art Projects Curator for the Mercer for another 12 months to work on my last big show William Powell Frith: The People's Painter, which will happen in 2019, the bicentenary of the artist's birth.
"This should be an absolute blockbuster with all of Frith's important works on show and many from private collections that haven't been seen for many years. Really looking forward to that
"I am also going to work freelance on new visual arts projects, and I am going to carry on with my writing career."
By The Associated Press
ANKARA, Turkey (AP) — Turkish media reports say a Dutch national who was reported missing in Turkey has been found dead.
The private Dogan news agency said Monday 22-year-old Joey Hoffman's body was found in a dried-up stream bed in the village of Narlikuyu, near the Mediterranean coastal town of Silifke.
There was no immediate information on the circumstances of his death.
Hoffman had disappeared after he had gone to Silifke reportedly to help a couple of friends who were building a house, according to Dutch media.
He was last seen on July 8.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It is time to brace ourselves for one of the coldest weeks of winter, which could include snow.
The Weather Channel is saying there could be some snow on eight different days in the next couple of weeks in the UK.
The Met Office says that for Bristol today (Saturday, February 3) it will be cold and cloudy through most of the day with persistent rain across the region.
Sleet or wet snow could fall for a time across high ground on Saturday, with a maximum temperature of 7C.
Meanwhile just north of Bristol there is a 40 per cent chance of snow on Tuesday morning in Gloucestershire and a 30 per cent chance two days later on Thursday morning.
Tonight it is staying mainly cloudy with a small chance of rain in Bristol, says the Met Office.
A few clearer spells are possible, giving a risk of frost and ice, with a minimum temperature of 0C.
Tomorrow (Sunday, February 4) it will be cold and windy but with sunny spells.
There is a small risk of some rain, sleet or hill snow to begin, although it will be brief and unlikely to settle, with a maximum temperature of 7 °C on Sunday.
The outlook for Monday to Wednesday is cold with icy starts.
Monday (February 5) will be mostly dry and bright.
Tuesday (February 6) there is a risk of sleet or snow for a time.
Wednesday (February 7) will be mostly dry and bright, but some light snow showers are possible.
Even if you are on high ground in Gloucestershire, you probably won't be able to build a snowman. Only around 2cm of white stuff is expected, so it will hard to scrape together enough for a snow ball.
The UK outlook
Temperatures of -10C are predicted to bite Britain with the whole country gripped by a bitterly cold spell.
Many areas will see the mercury plunge below freezing with values of -4C to -6C - with it plummeting even lower in some rural spots.
There will be some very harsh frosts and the icy conditions will fail to shift during the day making it feel bitter.
Some forecast models are indicating an extreme spell of colder weather by the end of next week.
(Image: The Weather Channel)
Forecasts show the jet stream sweeping further south and allowing bitter air from the north to move towards Europe.
This leads to high pressure over the North Atlantic, known as ‘blocking' which prevents the flow of mild Atlantic air and drags colder conditions towards Britain.
A spokesperson for The Weather Channel said: “A cooler trend is predicted over the next five days with temperatures well below normal to start next week.
“It will be a dry, cold and sunny start next week but a snow risk is possible on Tuesday.”
(Image: The Weather Channel)
"The bitter conditions will continue for the remainder of the week and it will remain colder than normal, with the risk of snow as moist frontal systems bump in to the cold air across the UK.
"In between, there will be a mixture of sunny spells and wintry showers with the strongest winds in the north and west, although where winds are lighter overnight there will be some severe frost."
Forecaster Dr Claire Kennedy-Edwards, of The Weather Channel, said: “It will turn much colder as the UK becomes influenced by higher pressure from Scandinavia.
"This will drag a cold east to north-easterly flow across the country with snow around, even to lower levels and a moderate overnight frost and ice risk."
(Image: The Weather Channel)
The forecaster added that temperatures would struggle to reach 3-5C which is around 3-4C below the average.
Chilly north-northweasterly winds would make it seem more like -2 to -5C on Monday and Tuesday because of the chill factor.
This would become more severe by midweek with winds gaining strength and the chll factor making it seem more like -5C to -8C.
The coldest night is expected on Wednesday with values sinking between -3C to -6C - up to 7C below normal.
Snow is expected in the north and west on Monday night into Tuesday morning as an occluded front tracks in from Ireland. Accumulations of between 3-5cms are possible over the hills but there is a risk across lower levels.
(Image: The Weather Channel)
Dr Kennedy-Edwards added: "Snow showers are also expected across central areas on Tuesday afternoon. We are potentially looking at a risk of snow in the south-east during Tuesday night and through Wednesday morning as showers feed in from the North Sea.
"There is also a risk of further more widespread snow on Friday."
Less-cold weather is likely the following week but temperatures will still be below average for the time of year.
Odds-on
Meanwhile, bookmaker Coral is odds-on at 10-11 for the temperature to drop to as low as -15C by the end of the week in the UK.
The firm said it continues to see a flurry of bets for February to be the coldest on record, where it is 6-4 in the latest betting, while it is 2-1 for snow to fall in London by the end of the weekend.
Download the Bristol Post app We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in. To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here. Find out more about the app.
Coral spokesman John Hill said: "The latest Arctic blast has prompted a huge gamble on February ending as the coldest on record in the UK something which will leave the bookmakers in a hot sweat over the next few weeks.
"The betting suggests temperatures could fall to as low as -15C this week while we are not ruling out snow falling in London.”
A self-described serial entrepreneur, who has a post-prison MBA, Curnew is perhaps best known for throwing extravagant parties , such as the engagement bash — with a ferris wheel, a tiger and a human sushi tray — that he hosted for his good friend Jeremy Bieber, father of pop sensation Justin Bieber. Besides the Biebers, neighbours Conrad Black and Barbara Amiel were among the eclectic mix of partygoers.
Curnew is suing Toronto criminal lawyer Arun Maini for the way he represented him in the 2000s, when Curnew was a legal aid client, before he was a philanthropic, venture capitalist with a chain of dental clinics, a four-acre Bridle Path estate and rich, powerful and famous friends.
He might not get that chance, however, if a judge agrees to the defendant's request to halt the potentially sensational case featuring allegations of police corruption, planted evidence and a trial tainted by fraud and dishonesty.
Andrew Curnew's 11-year legal fight to prove he was wrongfully convicted of gun possession and other crimes moves into a Toronto courtroom Monday, where the flamboyant, Rolls-Royce-driving multimillionaire hopes to finally clear his name.
At the time, he was operating a store on Lakeshore Blvd. W. selling T-shirts and other clothing products licensed by the Hells Angels organization. Curnew maintains that the arrest in 2002 and subsequent arrests on other charges were part of a co-ordinated police effort to pressure him into becoming an informant.
The complicated legal dispute heading to court Monday began when Curnew was 21 and police charged him with dangerous driving and gun possession.
Born to teenage parents, he was raised in subsidized housing complexes in Regent Park and Jamestown, before the family moved to a modest Etobicoke bungalow when Curnew was 16.
Maini, the lawyer he retained to fight the charges, did not subscribe to Curnew's theory, and did little to advance it in court, leading to his wrongful conviction of 13 gun, drug and domestic assault charges in 2005, according to Curnew's statement of claim filed two years later.
The statement of claim cites 21 examples in which Maini was allegedly negligent while defending Curnew.
The allegations state Maini failed to adequately prepare for trial, breached his client's instructions and failed to call witnesses whose evidence would have helped exonerate Curnew.
He is seeking $3 million in damages and is representing himself. Curnew declined to comment about this case.
Maini, represented by lawyer Keith Geurts, acting on behalf of liability insurer LawPro, has spent 11 years fighting the action. The statement of defence, filed in 2007, claims the suit is “frivolous, vexatious or otherwise an abuse of process and should be dismissed.”
Maini says he did not act negligently and, at all material times, “exercised reasonable care and skill in fulfilling his obligations to the Plaintiff.”
Had Curnew followed his advice and accepted a plea, his sentence would have been “far more lenient,” the statement of defence says.
During the 2005 trial, Maini says, Curnew “sought to pressure” him “to provide evidence and raise defences that were either contrary to his interests, or that the defendant believed to be false.”
The statement of defence notes that Curnew, while represented by Maini, was acquitted of the first set of charges laid in 2002. Curnew also wrote a letter to legal aid in 2003 explaining how pleased he was with his Maini's representation, according to the statement of defence. Curnew suggests, in his factum filed in support of the lawsuit, that the judge acquitted him in spite of Maini's representation.
Last week, Geurts served a motion on the eve of the trial seeking to dismiss the action as an abuse of process based on the “estoppel” doctrine that discourages relitigation of cases.
“The matter is currently before the courts, and I am not in a position to comment on it,” Geurts wrote in an email to the Star. “I can assure you however, that we will be vigorously defending any allegations brought against my client by Mr. Curnew.”
Geurts said he would not comment on specific allegations in the case.
In response to the dismissal motion, Curnew is asking that the trial be allowed to proceed, arguing that “the issues in this action go well beyond the scope of the issues dealt with in the 2005 criminal conviction,” according to his factum.
As well, Curnew argues there is “fresh evidence” that “conclusively impeaches the 2005 decision.”
It was previously unavailable to him or to the Court of Appeal, which upheld the 2005 convictions in 2010, his factum states.
The new evidence is a sworn-videotaped statement of a man who admits he was working with Toronto police as an agent at the time of Curnew's arrest.
The pair met in a jailhouse holding cell. At the time, Curnew was unaware he was a civilian informant, but came to learn that later, his court filings say.
At the trial leading to his 2005 convictions, Curnew had vainly attempted to demonstrate that the man he believed was a police agent had planted the firearms in his bedroom. Curnew claims in court filings that the judge's scathing rejection of his defence was inevitable, as his own lawyer had not only refused to advance this defence, but actively distanced himself from Curnew's evidence.
Enter Greg Lafontaine, a prominent Toronto criminal lawyer. In late 2005, he received a call from Curnew, who was serving his sentence in Joyceville Penitentiary.
Lafontaine told the Star in an interview that on that day he listened while, over the course of the next hour, Curnew discussed his case — and the role he believed the agent played in his conviction. At the time, Curnew didn't have a dime.
It turned out Lafontaine had cross-examined the same man, who was indeed a police agent who had testified against his client at a murder trial. Lafontaine was surprised to hear that at Curnew's trial there was an issue about whether the person was even a police agent. The agent's identity was protected by a publication ban in Lafontaine's case.
About five years ago, Curnew approached Lafontaine at a downtown restaurant and introduced himself.
“I was completely blown away,” Lafontaine told the Star. “Since being released from prison, he had done so incredibly well. Better than most of us could imagine in our wildest dreams.”
The two have become close friends and Lafontaine has helped Curnew prepare the case for trial, including handling the questioning of the police agent in a videotaped examination.
In the video statement, the police agent admits planting two guns in Curnew's bedroom behind a dresser. After Curnew was charged with possessing the guns, the police agent attempted to get in touch with Maini on several occasions “to tell Maini that he had put the guns in Curnew's bedroom,” the factum says.
A transcript of Lafontaine's interview with the former agent has been filed in court.
On Thursday, Curnew cross-examined Maini on his affidavit supporting the motion to dismiss the case.
According to a transcript filed in court Friday, Maini told Curnew, “It was not so much I didn't support your theory he was a police agent. What I didn't support was ... that advancing that theory was going to be the best way to defend your case.”
At the time, the police agent theory was “speculation,” Maini said.
Watching to see how things unfold in court will be Conrad Black, the former media baron who spent nearly 42 months in a U.S. prison on fraud and obstruction of justice charges. Black has gotten to know Curnew, whom he calls a “cordial, convivial person.”
He bats away any comparison of their incarcerations, noting Curnew, locked up on and off for nine years, did hard pen time and nearly lost an eye in a jailhouse attack.
“It's an admirable thing he's doing,” Black says of Curnew's lawsuit. “I have no doubt he was treated unjustly, whether this is the route to overturn it I'm certainly not qualified to say that. I wish him well.”
Documents filed in support of the lawsuit suggest Curnew's rise to riches was rapid.
After his release from prison, Curnew co-owned an exotic car dealership, which is where he met his future wife, Dr. Rita Kilislian. According to a sworn affidavit filed in court, Kilislian and her family immigrated to Canada with nothing.
“My husband and I share similarities in overcoming adversity,” she states. She became a dentist and by 27 was an endodontist, a specialist who diagnoses tooth pain and performs root canals and other procedures.
At the outset of their marriage, Curnew was “forthright with me ... that he had been convicted of allegations of this matter,” Kilislian said in her affidavit.
At all times, “he has maintained his innocence.”
Together they own a number of dental practices “which have a combined enterprise value of $25 million,” and commercial properties, according to the affidavit.
The couple, who have a young daughter, own the complete Andy Warhol Electric Chair series “attributed to Warhol's protest of capital punishment recognizing wrongful convictions.”
In 2010, Curnew built Peterborough's first advanced centre for microsurgical endodontics and dental continuing education.
“Philanthropy and social responsibility remain at the core of all business initiatives that Andy and I engage in,” Kilisian wrote in her affidavit.
Two Fairline Boats workers died in a road traffic accident in 2014, a coroner has said.
Matthew McKnight, 41, and Paul Jones, 54, both of Market Harborough, died when the Vauxhall Insignia they were travelling in left the A427 between Brampton Ash and Dingley and hit an oak tree, at 5.45pm on Thursday, September 25, 2014.
Flowers left at the scene of the Dingley crash where two workers from Fairline died NNL-140110-120501001
Driver David Simmonds and fellow passenger Kevin Hindley were also injured in the crash.
The four men all worked together for boat builders Fairline and played for the same darts team at the Red Cow pub in Harborough.
And at the inquest into the deaths of Matthew and Paul in Northampton today (Thursday, October 5), assistant coroner Belinda Cheney concluded both men died in a ‘road traffic accident.'
Before her verdict, she read out statements from doctors about what may have caused Mr Simmonds to crash.
Written evidence from Dr Rahul Tosar, Mr Simmonds' GP, stated he had suffered no previous medical episodes of note, but said Mr Simmonds had told him of two instances of playing online poker when he ‘lost a couple of seconds of time'.
And evidence from Dr Dennis Chan, honorary consultant in clinical neurosciences at the University of Cambridge, suggested Mr Simmonds may have had a ‘simple, partial seizure'.
This was contradicted by evidence from Dr Ian Morrison, a sleep physician, who suggested a brief period of sleep may have caused the crash, but he did not rule out an epileptic seizure.
Pc Cliff Wilkins, a forensic collision investigator for Northamptonshire Police, said at the time of his investigation he suspected Mr Simmonds had fallen asleep or was distracted.
But he added about the crash: “There's no definitive explanation for its origins. The evidential threshold was simply not met [in order for the CPS to prosecute].
“The loss of control was either through being incapacitated, by simply being distracted for a period of time or through a seizure.”
Belinda then gave her verdict after a 20 minute break. She said: “David Simmonds worked with Paul James and Matthew McKnight. They had a car share arrangement. Paul and Matt were in the back seat. Kevin was in the front seat.
“I accept the road conditions were good, I accept the weather was good. There were no mechanical defects with the car.
“He fell asleep or got distracted. There is evidence he may have suffered a seizure as well.”
She then read out a statement from Matthew's wife, Sarah, which read: “Matthew was the life and soul of everything we did.
“He enjoyed gardening, walking the dog and holidays with my sisters. Every moment outside of work was spent with the family.
“Everything has now changed beyond recognition. Our whole world has been turned upside down and completely destroyed.”
The coroner then extended her sincere condolences to the families of both men present in the courtroom and said she hoped the inquest would bring closure to them.
Stuttgart: Roger Federer suffered a shock defeat to 39-year-old Tommy Haas at the Stuttgart grass court tournament today in the Swiss great's first match after almost three months out of action.
Haas, a former world number two but now down at 302, won 2-6, 7-6 (10/8), 6-4 for just his fourth victory in 17 meetings against his close friend.
Federer, building up for an assault on an eighth Wimbledon title, hadn't played since March and skipped the entire clay court season.
It was just the second defeat of 2017 for 35-year-old Federer, who claimed the Australian Open for his 18th major in January,
"It's always special to play a close friend like Roger on grass, always lots of emotion," said Haas.
"I saved a match point in the second set so was able to play more freely after that.
"I even shocked myself."
Recently new Panthers offensive coordinator Norv Turner gave some thoughts on the offense to Fox 46 Charlotte.
Turner mostly likes what he sees from Carolina's group
He also touched on areas Cam Newton can improve. Turner notes he wants to help Newton with his vision and accuracy, among other things. Watch.
More from new @Panthers OC Norv Turner. More specific here on @CameronNewton and what QB1 can improve upon. pic.twitter.com/vGXH7DorbT — Chuck Howard (@chowardFox46) February 2, 2018
Related 4 numbers the Panthers must improve on in 2018
The Norks are coming and it won't be fun, according to a new bulletin from the United States Computer Emergency Readiness Team (US-CERT).
The advisory warns that a North Korean hacking team, dubbed Hidden Cobra, is actively targeting media, aerospace, financial, and critical infrastructure sectors in the US and around the world. CERT says it has been working with the FBI and Homeland Security and has identified IP addresses used by the Hidden Cobra team in their attacks.
(Stop us if you've heard this all before about North Korean hackers.)
"If users or administrators detect the custom tools indicative of Hidden Cobra, these tools should be immediately flagged, reported to the DHS National Cybersecurity Communications and Integration Center (NCCIC) or the FBI Cyber Watch (CyWatch), and given the highest priority for enhanced mitigation," the warning states.
"DHS and FBI are distributing these IP addresses to enable network defense activities and reduce exposure to the DDoS command-and-control network. FBI has high confidence that Hidden Cobra actors are using the IP addresses for further network exploitation."
CERT says that the Hidden Cobra team, also known as the Lazarus Group or Guardians of Peace, has been active since 2009 and uses DDoS botnets, keyloggers, remote access tools (RATs), and wiper malware in their actions. It's the DDoS capabilities that has CERT particularly worried at the moment.
The hacking group is using botnet creation malware called DeltaCharlie to attack foreign companies. CERT and law enforcement have compiled a list of IP addresses used by the botnet and IT admins are advised to block them as a matter of urgency.
"The malware operates on victims' systems as an svchost-based service and is capable of downloading executables, changing its own configuration, updating its own binaries, terminating its own processes, and activating and terminating denial-of-service attacks," CERT says.
As for more general hacking, Hidden Cobra targets older Windows systems using known vulnerabilities where patches are available but uninstalled. It also hacks using Flash and Silverlight, and CERT recommends removing those applications and focusing on the following vulnerabilities:
CVE-2015-6585: Hangul Word Processor Vulnerability
CVE-2015-8651: Adobe Flash Player 18.0.0.324 and 19.x Vulnerability
CVE-2016-0034: Microsoft Silverlight 5.1.41212.0 Vulnerability
CVE-2016-1019: Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.197 Vulnerability
CVE-2016-4117: Adobe Flash Player 21.0.0.226 Vulnerability
CERT believes Hidden Cobra was the source of the WannaCry aka WannaCrypt malware attacks, but offers no evidence. It has included a checklist for IT admins who think they might be under attack that should mitigate the worst effects and help law enforcement investigations. ®
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Now one of the world's largest food service company with almost 25,000 locations worldwide, Starbucks has been a remarkable restaurant industry success story.
But Starbucks also has a problem.
Most of its U.S. locations - some 11,000 in number, clock in half their customer traffic by 11 a.m., a usage pattern that leaves equipment, personnel, and real estate woefully underutilized for the remainder of the business day.
The solution Starbucks has come up with to remedy this shortfall seems reasonable enough - start serving lunch.
To that end the Seattle-based coffee giant rolled out a menu test in the Chicago area earlier this year, with a subsequent expansion of that effort into their Seattle market in late summer. The new lunch menu, which is branded as "Mercato," (the word means "market" in Italian), includes salads, sandwiches, and box-lunch assortments.
Starbucks faces one significant challenge, however, as it attempts to grow its food business footprint. Its stores don't have kitchens in which items can be prepared and cooked to order, so its new lunch menu offerings necessarily have to be assembled at central commissaries and trucked to individual outlets.
The big "if," therefore, is how such a packaged food strategy will resonate with the typical Starbucks customer.
Given the current focus on fresh, local, and individually customizable dining experiences, will a premade, one-size-fits-all set of offerings attract patrons with plenty of other noontime options available to them? Other fast casual players -- and the industry as a whole -- are waiting to gauge reaction to the Starbucks initiative.
Starbucks new "Mercato" menu can be seen at the "Menu" link on the chain's website, starbucks.com
Hugh Robert is a faculty member in Holyoke Community College's hospitality and culinary arts program and has over 40 years of restaurant and educational experience. Please send items of interest to Off the Menu at the Republican, P.O. Box 1329, Springfield, MA 01101; Robert can also be reached at OffTheMenuGuy@aol.com
Water No Excavation Pipe Rehab Case study describes how seals save a new pipe leaking at every joint « Previous Next » Cynthia Smith • May 30, 2018
CLIENTS USUALLY CALL HYDRATECH to repair aging pipes. This time, the pipe causing headaches was brand new. After installing a 36-inch-diameter, 3,700-foot-long reinforced concrete sewer line segment, an Ohio River Valley municipality found to their horror that it was leaking…all down the line. Perfunctory testing showed that every one of the pipe's 473 joints was leaking. The cause was improper installation. It would be irresponsible to put the line into service with so much infiltration and inflow of water, but the sewer was urgently needed. The municipality needed a solution. They considered several options for repairing the sewer segment. These included lining the entire length of pipe and ripping the pipe out entirely. Both ideas were expensive and overkill; the pipe was new, the trench was already filled, and the infiltration and inflow were only happening at the joints. The municipality also discussed—and dismissed—the idea of using chemical grout. Are you subscribed to Water Efficiency magazine? Click here for a free subscription! A FASTER, CHEAPER, LESS-DISRUPTIVE SOLUTION A Louisville firm that had frequently provided sewer inspection and testing for the city—Robinson Pipe Cleaning Company—had a more efficient suggestion. Robinson recommended HydraTech Engineered Products' HydraTite Internal Joint Seal. Considering lead times, costs, and job duration, the municipality decided to go with this trenchless, all-mechanical fix. HydraTite, known as “The Seal That Seals From The Inside Out,” is used to repair leaking pipes without the disruption of excavation. Often used for emergency repairs, it is a proven solution for joint leaks that has been employed over 30,000 times in North America alone. The system consists of a customized rubber seal held in place by stainless steel retaining bands. HydraTite utilizes a ribbed design to ensure a watertight seal and is a pipe joint repair method recognized by the America Water Works Association's M28. Each seal is made in the US and manufactured in one piece to match the diameter of the client's pipe. The sealing system for this Ohio Valley job needed to meet the expected head pressure of a 100-year flood. HydraTech solved this problem by engineering the standard system with an extra reinforcing steel band. Are you subscribed to Water Efficiency magazine? Click here for a free subscription!
JOINING FORCES TO SEAL THE JOINTS IN RECORD TIME
Because the job was so large, and the municipality had such an aggressive schedule for the seals to be fabricated and installed (all 473 seals were to be installed in just six weeks), HydraTech and Robinson decided to join forces. HydraTech manufactured the seals while providing installation training and certification for Robinson's staff. After the city approved the team's repair plan, it was time for installation to begin.
Each seal took about 40 minutes to install using a systematic process: First, the rubber seal was laid into the joint. Then, the first stainless steel retaining band was locked into place with a hydraulic expander, utilizing the HydraTech wedge-lock system. The second steel band was then added, along with the valve pressure tester.
After the final seal was installed, the client and repair team held their collective breath while each joint was air-pressure tested using the HydraTech valve (that works like a “soap bubble test” to see if air is getting into the pipe joints). There were no leaks! The HydraTech-Robinson team had completed the job on time and the municipality was able to put the repaired line into service more quickly and affordably than they had dared hope.
SIMPLE INSTALLATION, LONG SERVICE LIFE
One of the Robinson installers summed up the process like this: “Installation was extremely simple and made it easy to meet production numbers. The training staff was very helpful and great to work with on this project. The onsite inspector was blown away during the low-pressure air test because the pressure didn't drop at all!”
HydraTite seals require no excavation and are used to cost-effectively rehabilitate older pipes with infiltration and inflow issues. In this case, the HydraTite seal saved a brand-new pipe with similar problems from going to waste. This trenchless repair is an excellent option for restoring buried, leaking pipes because the work can be done in a short amount of time with very little disruption. Pipes repaired with HydraTite typically have a 50-year service life once the seals are in place.
Anand holds Nakamura to an easy draw
Stavanger (Norway), May 30 (PTI) Five-time world champion Viswanathan Anand played out an easy draw against American Hikaru Nakamura in the second round of Altibox Norway Chess tournament here.
After conceding a draw with white against Levon Aronian of Armenia, Anand got the favour returned although he had to work relatively harder to maintain parity against Nakamura, often termed as his nemesis.
For the record, the American went for a rare sixth move in the Queen's gambit declined and Anand admitted he was a confused a lot by this approach. However, as it turned out, the surprise remained just that and did not contain much venom as Anand got a healthy position with some strategic manoeuvres.
Nakamura's attempt at applying pressure met with some perfect response and the pieces treaded almost in a heap as the players reached a perfectly drawn rook and pawns endgame. The peace was signed after 39 moves.
The day did not feature any decisive games and the status quo after the first round remained on what was a pretty dull day. World Champion Magnus Carlsen came up with some fine home-work' to draw easily with Sergey Karjakin of Russia.
It was a serious opening novelty that saw Carlsen sacrifice a pawn and equalise completely leading to an endgame out of a Moller variation in the Ruy Lopez.
The world champion however wished it to be more interesting.
I don't think we should sit here and congratulate ourselves with a novelty that leads to a draw, said Carlsen.
Carlsen continues to lead the tables on 1.5 points after two rounds and a pack of eight players including Anand are right behind him on one point apiece.
Among other games in the day, Fabiano Caruana of the United States was the only one who could apply some pressure and appeared well placed to do some damage control after the opening round loss against Carlsen.
Up against Shakhriyar Mamedyarov of Azerbaijan, Caruana faced the Petroff defense, played aggressively to win a pawn amidst complexities but then blundered almost immediately to let his opponent off the hook.
Ding Liren of China meanwhile took his unbeaten streak to 74 Classical games after a draw with Maxime Vachier-Lagrave of France. The Chinese gave little away as white and remained in control for the major part of this queen pawn game that was drawn vide repetition.
Levon Aronian of Armenia and Wesley So of the United States also split the point in the other game of the day. Seven rounds still remain in the strongest tournament of the year.
Results round 2: Hikaru Nakamura (Usa, 1) drew with V Anand (Ind, 1); Sergey Karjakin (Rus, 1) drew with Magnus Carlsen (Nor, 1.5); Levon Aronian (Arm, 1) drew with Wesley So (Usa, 1); Fabiano Caruana (Usa, 0.5) drew with Shakhriyar Mamedyarov (Aze, 1); Ding Liren (Chn, 1) drew with Maxime Vachier-Lagrave (Fra, 1)
NEWS & VIEWS
Mohammad Jamil
AFGHAN President Ashraf Ghani has extended an invitation to Pakistani Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi to visit Kabul to initiate state to state comprehensive dialogue as part of a move to reset ties that have deteriorated between the two neighbors due to mistrust and misunderstandings. Ashraf Ghani made the offer on Saturday to visiting Pakistani National Security Adviser Nasser Khan Janjua in Kabul. Three weeks ago, Ashraf Ghani had expressed his desire to improve ties with Islamabad when he announced his peace talks overture to the Taliban. “This is to initiate state-to-state comprehensive dialogue,” Ghani said in a tweet after meeting Janjua at the presidential palace. A spokesman for the Afghan President, Dawa Khan Meenapal, said the focus of today's meeting between Ashraf Ghani and Nasseer Khan Janjua was followed up of the former's offer of an olive branch to the Taliban.
The visit of Pakistan's National Security Advisor and Ghani's offer to Abbasi came less than a week after the US Secretary of Defense James Mattis said during a visit to Kabul that there was no military solution to the Afghan war and that elements within the Taliban were interested in initiating peace talks with Kabul. So far the Taliban has refused to indicate whether the group will accept Ghani's offer or turn it down as it has done several times in the past. But last month the Taiban had shown readiness to engage with the United States, which had toppled the Taliban government from power in late 2001 and whom it sees as the main adversary. At the same time the militants have stepped up their attacks and on Saturday in a suicide car attack one of the group's bombers in Kabul killed several locals. Meanwhile, half-an-hour one-on-one meeting between PM Khaqan Abbassi and US Vice President Mike Pence ay latter's residence at the US Naval Observatory near the Pakistan embassy in Washington. U.S. Vice President Mike Pence told Pakistani Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi that his country should work more closely with the United States and do more to defeat the Taliban and other militants. Shahid Khaqan Abbasi assured Pence of Pakistan's “sincere commitment” to the efforts to facilitate the peace process in Afghanistan while highlighting Pakistan's successful efforts in combating terror within its own territory. Of course, Pakistan can try to persuade the Taliban to hold talks with the Afghan government, but does not have enough of leverage to force them to either talk with Afghan government or the US. The fact of the matter is that many Taliban commanders reportedly consider Pakistan as US ally for having allowed NATO forces to use its territory to invade Afghanistan.
Anyhow, Afghan government has realized that when more than 100000 US and NATO forces, and 250000 Afghan forces and Afghan police raised by them could not rein in the Taliban who continue to control large swathes of land in Afghanistan, how 15000 US military could defeat the Taliban. In fact, the US and its allies failed to understand that Afghans have always guarded their independence religiously, and throughout its recorded history no power could subjugate them except for a brief period as in case of British or later Soviet occupation. Much earlier, the result of three Anglo-Afghan wars was either defeat of the British Empire or at the most what it called a tactical victory. In the 1970s, former Soviet Union had occupied Afghanistan, what was said, Afghan government had requested to send two battalions for personal security of Tarahki because he smelled conspiracy from Hafizullah Amin who was suspected of being an American agent.
After Hafizullah Amin overthrew Tarahki in a bloody coup and took over the charge, Soviet troops invaded Kabul on December 25th 1979, on order from Moscow to replace the radical Hafizullah Amin with the Soviet-endorsed Babrak Karmal as head of the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan. Anyhow, Soviet army had to face stiff resistance by Afghans, and the US on finding an opportunity to make Afghanistan Soviet Union's ‘Vietnam' tried to chanelize the Afghans' energies and their passion for jihad. Using international media, jihadis from all over the world especially from Arab countries were inspired, motivated and funded by the US. Pakistan was indeed the frontline state against Communism. Yet, neocons continued to denigrate Pakistan. In his speeches during presidential elections frontrunner of Republican Party Donald Trump had termed Pakistan “a vital problem for the United States (US) because they have a thing called nuclear weapons”. The rest is history.
Pak-US relations have suffered serious setbacks due to misperceptions and distrust. Pakistan is often accused of selective military operation and taking action only against those terrorists who pose threat to Pakistan. Pakistan however claims to have conducted operations against all militant groups. In fact, since 1950s, Pakistan has been looking after American interests after it joined military pacts with the West. When US spy plane U-2 took off from Buda Ber near Peshawar and was shot down by Soviet Union in 1960, whose interest Pakistan had served if not the US? Yet Pakistan's ally – the US – became ‘non-aligned' during 1965 war between India and Pakistan. Once again, Pakistan became the frontline state after Soviet forces entered Afghanistan on the request of Afghan government in late 1970s, which was indeed done to serve interest of the US and the West, which was detrimental to national interest.
—The writer is a senior journalist based in Lahore.
Intelligence Leaks Complicate Efforts To Renew Key Surveillance Program
Republican officials are outraged by leaks indicating U.S. intelligence agencies spied on Trump associates. But their anger is also tainting a top priority for national security hardliners: the reauthorization of an expiring warrantless surveillance program known as Section 702. It currently sweeps up countless Americans, and lawmakers are demanding at least an estimate of how many before the statute is extended.
Quarterback Shea Patterson is transferring from Mississippi to Michigan. (Photo: Rogelio V. Solis / Associated Press)
Michigan appears to have landed its quarterback of the present, and future, when former Ole Miss star Shea Patterson announced Monday his intention to join the Wolverines.
It is unclear whether Patterson will be immediately eligible to play next season. The NCAA waived the transfer rule for rising seniors at Ole Miss allowing them to play right away, but Patterson will be a junior.
What is clear, however, is how this move it being viewed across the country: It's a big win for the Wolverines.
“We can't say it enough,” Bill Bender of the Sporting News wrote Monday. “This isn't a just good idea — it's a great idea.”
Even Paul Finebaum of the SEC ESPN Network, and a noted Jim Harbaugh critic, offered on Twitter: “Jim Harbaugh just poached one of the SEC's best QBs in Shea Patterson. If the NCAA allows him to play in 2018 the Wolverines become a title contender.”
Jim Harbaugh just poached one of the SEC's best QBs in Shea Patterson. If the NCAA allows him to play in 2018 the Wolverines become a title contender. #CFB — Paul Finebaum (@finebaum) December 11, 2017
Here's a sampling of what others had to say about Patterson's transfer.
Huge pick-up for #Michigan. #OleMiss QB Shea Patterson commits to Michigan. — Bruce Feldman (@BruceFeldmanCFB) December 11, 2017
Wow!!
Has been speculated about and now official. Big time pick up for @UMichFootball and Jim Harbaugh! Shea is a dual threat that has 2 years of starting experience. Not to mention he's joining a veteran team for 2018! https://t.co/ThwMuaP4kl — Kirk Herbstreit (@KirkHerbstreit) December 11, 2017
Big step toward Michigan winning the 2018 Big Ten championship. Yeah, I'll throw that out there. https://t.co/xuImLHCsnm — Pat Forde (@YahooForde) December 11, 2017
Michigan adds immediately eligible Ole Miss quarterback. Peters will be redshirt sophomore, McCaffrey a redshirt freshman. Finally some much-needed competition. https://t.co/Smwoakm1vg — Dan Wetzel (@DanWetzel) December 11, 2017
Shea Patterson is an awesome pickup for Michigan. He's an incredibly talented player, and will certainly give the Wolverines a chance to finish higher than third place in the Big Ten East. — Barrett Sallee (@BarrettSallee) December 11, 2017
It also sounds like his future teammates are welcoming the challenge, including this from incoming freshman Joe Milton.
Islamabad High Court Friday re-issued notices to the ministries of petroleum, finance and Oil and Gas Regulatory Authority in a plea challenging recent increase in price of Petroleum products. Hearing the case filed by Peer Mazhar Hussain Shah, a single judge bench Justice Shaukat Aziz Siddiqui sought reply from the ministries till February 12.
He was of the view that if the respondents failed to submit their reply till next date then court would pass an ex-parte decision. The petitioner took the plea that respondents increased fuel prices while international market was decreasing it.—APP
Related
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — Republican Ron Estes plans to take his seat April 25 as the congressman representing south-central Kansas.
Estes is state treasurer and won a special election for the 4th Congressional District seat previously held by CIA Director Mike Pompeo.
Estes plans to step down as state treasurer when he's sworn in as congressman. He submitted his resignation to GOP Gov. Sam Brownback that the governor's office made public Monday.
A state board plans to convene April 24 to certify the special election results.
Brownback will name the next treasurer. Spokeswoman Melika Willoughby said Brownback is still looking at potential candidates.
Estes defeated Democrat James Thompson for the congressional seat by 7 percentage points. The race drew national attention because Pompeo won his last three elections by more than 30 percentage points.
VERMILION, Alta. -
The Vermilion Junior B Tigers are heading to playoffs after back-to-back North Eastern Alberta Junior B Hockey League (NEAJBHL) regular season play wins.
The Tigers defeated the Killam Wheat Kings and the Saddle Lake Warriors this past weekend.
Their Friday night win, 5-3, against the Killam Wheat Kings boasted the skill the black and yellow tried to show all season. The Tigers took advantage of the play early in the first period by Ryan Mauws, which inspired the team's lead-scorer Lucas Dennill and Ashton Oakes to score in the second period. Two more goals followed in the third period by Eddie May and Oakes.
Killam managed to pocket a goal in each period, but the Tigers doubled up to defeat them with 30 versus 36 shots in net.
The following night, the Tigers brought their second game home, winning 7-2 against the Warriors.
Tigers' Dalyn Borysiuk short-handed the first goal of the game, which snowballed four power-play goals by Conor Fogarty, Layne Zack, Ryan Donald, and Bryce Stepanick. Pierre-Olivier Parent scored twice during regular play.
The Warriors pocketed two goals in the first and second period, but Tigers' Levi Myshak shut them out in the third.
The first round of the playoff games will being with Tigers face off against the Wainwright Bisons in Wainwright on Friday, Feb. 17. Puck drops at 8:30 p.m. and then return home on Wednesday, Feb. 22 to face the Bisons again.
At the Tigers' first two home games, all Vermilion Minor Hockey Players are invited to wear their jersey to the game and get in free of charge.
**Please note an earlier version of this article was published in the Wednesday, Feb. 15 paper and changes have been made. At the time of publication, it was clear that the Tigers had not yet made the playoffs. The Vermilion Standard apologizes for the inconvenience.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Supermarket giant Tesco plans to crack down on lone drivers using parent and child parking bays.
Though not technically illegal, the stealthy parking habit has become a longstanding bugbear of parents up and down the country.
Tesco is about to call time on the parking wars by enforcing rules for their own car parking spaces.
As you may or may not know, supermarkets can already issue fines of up to £60 for the worst offenders, as long as drivers park on store-owned land.
Here's what some of the major supermarkets had to say
Tesco
Tesco initiated a trial scheme at 81 of its stores last year, which will soon be rolled out to 200 nationwide, say the Birmingham Mail.
The store's staff will use an app to take pictures of vehicles parked in disabled bays without Blue Badges or taking up spaces designated for parents with children under 12.
The evidence collected will be sent to Horizon Parking.
There have been rumours that £25 fines could be introduced - but no official confirmation of this from Tesco.
Tesco says it is not a money-making scheme as the fines will only cover the costs plus fees.
A spokesman said: "Many disabled customers rely on our disabled parking bays, so we've introduced our self-monitoring initiative to highlight the importance of using the bays properly, making it fairer and easier for everyone to find a space."
Sainsbury's
Sainsbury's says it patrols to make sure spaces are being used as instructed - adding that the majority of their customers use parking spaces as they are intended.
The spokesperson for the retailer said: "Our parking attendants patrol the disabled and parent/child spaces.
"Most of our customers use them as intended but if they don't, they will in the first instance be asked to move and if they refuse, they'll be issued with a £60 Parking Charge Notice (fine)."
Asda
Asda said that they patrol their car parks 24 hours a day to deter irresponsible parkers.
An Asda spokesman said: "We monitor our car parks 24 hours a day and do as much as we can to prevent the misuse of disabled parking and parent and child bays.
"Any customer found to be parking in a disabled bay who doesn't have a valid blue badge or is misusing parent and child bays will receive a Parking Charge Notice.
"This is to ensure these spaces are kept available for the customers who need them the most. If customers have any questions regarding this, our colleagues in store will be more than happy to help."
Aldi
Budget retailer Aldi said that they don't have strict regulations.
A spokesman for the German discounter said: "We offer parent and child, and disabled car parking spaces at all of our standard stores across the UK. These spaces are positioned in a convenient location to allow easy access to the store.
"Although we don't enforce strict regulations, these dedicated parking spaces are honoured and appreciated by the large majority of our customers."
A version of this story appeared in the Birmingham Mail.
Major spoilers for the Jane The Virgin Season 4 finale ahead. Jane's life was turned upside down in the Season 4 finale when Michael returned to Jane The Virgin. Because of Rose's involvement, this person who looks remarkably like Michael Cordero Jr. (and is played by Brett Dier) could possibly not be Jane's long-dead husband. But if it is Michael, there are only a couple of theories that could explain his return — and one of those is that Michael faked his own death on Jane The Virgin.
It would be out of character for Michael to betray Jane like that, but the Season 4 cliffhanger means a fake death is definitely on the table. Yet, in a series of interviews after "Chapter 81," showrunner Jennie Snyder Urman seemed to shut down this theory, which means Michael's reappearance is still full of mystery.
Even before Michael's return in the Season 4 finale, some fans, like The Unbalanced's Brandon Daniel, had thought he could still be alive. As blogger Nelou Keramati noted, the predominant theory was that Michael faked his death to go undercover to investigate Sin Rostro. Even if he did that to protect Jane and Mateo, it would have been incredibly cruel of her husband to allow Jane to mourn his death like that. Michael would have been lying to Jane — and every other character, for that matter — for years. In an interview with the showrunner after "Chapter 81" aired, Variety's Danielle Turchiano asked the showrunner directly about that theory. Urman responded, "The truth is not quite that. I feel like that would be horrible, but that's not the story we're moving into."
The CW
Still, there are clues that could support that outcome. Looking back, it seems unbelievable that Michael so easily gave up his life's work of being a police detective. He failed his medical examination after his gunshot wound and when he was assigned to desk work, then he quit the police department in "Chapter 52." His death occurs just two episodes later in "Chapter 54" and unreliable narrators — and memories — are a theme of the show. So it's possible that Michael used his fragile medical state as a way to go deep undercover to go after Sin Rostro. But there's another feasible (in the world of Jane The Virgin) explanation for Michael's return that doesn't put the blame for his presumed death on him.
Rose could have kidnapped Michael after he suffered a heart issue during the LSAT. Michael collapsed after his test and the narrator implied that he took his "dying breath" and his heart glow went out. So when a man called Jane to say her husband was dead due to an aortic dissection from his previous gunshot wound, it didn't seem suspicious — especially since the Mayo Clinic notes that aortic dissections are often fatal. But now, it seems possible that the person who called Jane wasn't a doctor, but an associate of Sin Rostro's.
Colleen Hayes/The CW
Luisa's girlfriend "Eileen" is introduced for the first time in "Chapter 54" — the same episode of Michael's death. And the narrator almost immediately divulges that Eileen is Rose in disguise, so Sin Rostro was out and about when Michael died. And "Eileen" even provided a hint that Michael could return from the dead when she told Rafael, "That's only if you believe that death is finite."
Before Michael's return in "Chapter 81," Jane reflects on how scared she was when Rose kidnapped Mateo. Rose is obviously a fan of reusing her methods (thus, all those face masks), so this could have been a clue that Rose had also kidnapped Michael and has held him hostage for years. After all, Rose is the one who told Rafael about Michael. And Urman confirmed to Entertainment Weekly that Rose has something to do with Michael's return. "This has to do with her definitely and has to do with where she'll go as well," Urman said.
Scott Everett White/The CW
Urman also confirmed to EW that there's no chance that this Michael is a twin of some sort. But that still means fans will have to wait and see if it's really Michael back from the dead or someone in Sin Rostro's group disguised as him. (Urman confirmed to Deadline that viewers will have that answer the night of the Jane The Virgin Season 5 premiere.) As it would make for more dynamic storytelling if it is actually Michael, it seems likely that Jane's husband is back. If that's the case, he'll have a lot of explaining to do. But instead of being angry at Michael, Urman's words indicate that Sin Rostro may be the real reason why Jane and Michael were kept apart all these years — perhaps proving, yet again, that Rose is the ultimate villain of Jane The Virgin.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The line-up and start date for the brand-new series of Celebs Go Dating has finally been revealed.
Eight famous faces are hoping to find romance in series 4 of the E4 show as they head off to the celebrity dating agency for 20 hour-long episodes.
Under the watchful eye of dating experts Nadia Essex, Eden Blackman, and receptionist Tom Read Wilson, the new recruits will go on a series of dates in a bid to find the one.
The new stars looking for romance include TOWIE's Gemma Collins, who is trying to move on from co-star James 'Arg' Argent with the help of the agency.
When does Celebs Go Dating start?
Everyone's favourite dating agency will return to our screens on February 4. Check out the full cast list below to find out who is looking for love.
1. Gemma Collins
(Image: WENN)
Gemma, 36, graced the red carpet at launch of the new series at DSTRKT in London on Monday night in a dazzling multi-coloured sequinnned dress.
The GC joins the list of TOWIE stars who have tried to find love on the show, including her ex Arg who appeared on the last series.
There was also the lovable Joey Essex, who is back this year to host Celebs Go Dating's digital content.
Despite rumours she had a sleepover with Arg one week before the cast list was announced, Gemma is hoping to give her famous candy away to another man.
2. 'Muggy' Mike
(Image: WENN)
Love Island hunk 'Muggy' Mike Thalassitis is back on our screens in a bid to find romance on a different reality show.
The former footballer earned his infamous 'muggy' nickname after his attempt to take Olivia Attwood from Chris Hughes.
But the 24-year-old was forced to leave the villa twice without finding his soulmate, so hopefully he has better luck this time.
3. Jonathan Lipnicki
(Image: WENN)
One of the strangest acquisitions for the E4 show appears to be former childhood star Jonathan Lipnicki.
The actor, 27, rose to fame in hit Hollywood films Jerry Maguire and The Little Vampire.
But his most popular role was as adorable George Little in the Stuart Little movies.
4. Sam Thompson
(Image: WENN)
(Image: WENN)
The Made In Chelsea stars are out in force, with two cast members hoping to do better than their pal Georgia 'Toff' Toffolo who appeared last series.
Sam Thompson, 25, wants to move on following his dramatic split from Tiffany Watson and brief fling with Amelia Lily in last year's Celebrity Big Brother.
5. Ollie Locke
(Image: WENN)
He's joined by Ollie Locke, 30, one of the originals in the MIC line-up.
6. Talia Storm
(Image: WENN)
(Image: Splash News)
Ollie was seen arriving at the launch with Scottish singer Talia Storm.
The 19-year-old will be happy she's signed up for this dating show, as an appearance on Ex On The Beach may not have gone as smoothly.
She used to date young heartthrob Brooklyn Beckham, but things didn't work out so now she's back on the dating scene.
7. Jade Jones
(Image: WENN)
Olympic champion Jade Jones, who won two gold medals for Taekwondo, is another famous face on the hunt for love.
The 24-year-old Welsh athlete will be hoping for dating success to rival her top spots at the 2012 and 2016 games.
8. London Hughes
(Image: WENN)
Completing the line-up is comedian London Hughes, who will be known to younger viewers as a CBBC star and occasional Blue Peter presenter.
* Celebs Go Dating will return to E4 on February 4.
ENTERTAINMENT
(Screen captured from YouTube)
(Yonhap)
K-pop boy group Wanna One has come under fire for remarks it made that were accidently aired during a live broadcast Monday.About four hours before the release of the act's new album “0+1=1” EP, the members appeared on Mnet's onelife broadcast “Star Live” to celebrate its comeback. The live show featured the members waiting in a green room before the official broadcast, but the trouble began with Kang Daniel shouting out, “Why aren't we getting our payment?”Kang's remark was followed by Park Ji-hoon and Ong Seung-wu who said, “Why are we only getting 20 percent?” and “Why aren't we getting any sleep?”The group's private yet unfiltered conversation, aired before the official broadcast, continued even after a staff member told them to get ready for the live broadcast. Kang Daniel shouted out “I pooped this morning” and Ha Sung-woon said, “I'd better curse now in advance.”Calling out what it seemed to be the license plate number of a groupie, Lai Kuan Lin said, “Sorento, what did you do near our home yesterday?”Some netizens claimed that they heard one member yelling out Korean internet slang that means “let someone else jerk you off.”Following the broadcast, social media were flooded with criticism from netizens and fans expressing their deep disappointment.Amid the controversy, the group's agency YMC Entertainment issued an apology letter on Monday evening, stating, “We apologize for the shameful accident during the live broadcast. We are also sorry that some remarks, which were not actually said, are being snowballed. We will make sure not to cause such trouble. Please send your love and support for Wanna One member to reach their dreams until the very end.” Mnet, the broadcaster, also issued an apology on the same day.Despite their apologies, it seems the controversy has a long way to run before it subsides, with netizens commenting “Learn how to be modest and take care of your personalities before being an idol group,” “This is so shocking. It shows how much they belittle their fans. Disgusting” and “They even said those words in front of staff. That's so inappropriate.”The 11-member group, made up of the winners of the second season of the audition program “Produce 101,” returned with its second EP “0+1=0 (I Promise You)” on Monday, marking the group's first release since the EP “1-1=0 (Nothing Without You)” in November. Ever since its debut last August, Wanna One has grown to become one of K-pop's most sensational acts.Its debut EP “1X1=1 (To Be One)” in August last year and its reissued edition “1-1=0 (Nothing Without You)” in November last year became the best-selling K-pop debut releases of all time with their combined sales.The group is expected to release several more songs before it disbands on Dec. 31.“Boomerang” topped several real-time charts upon its release.
Historian Simon Jenkins has travelled the length and breadth of Britain in search of our best railway stations. Stephen McClarence climbs aboard for a celebration of architecture, engineering and social history.
Two or three times most weeks, I rush through Sheffield station to catch a train to Somewhere Else. I rush to buy a ticket, a sandwich and a coffee, and then rush a bit more to get to the right platform. While I'm doing all this rushing, I generally register how light and airy the concourse is, and how busy with the excitement of arrivals and departures. But I take it – and the fountains and water sculptures outside – for granted. They're part of my working landscape.
I'll be looking at all this rather differently after reading Simon Jenkins' description of the station in his new, absorbing and dazzlingly illustrated Britain's 100 Best Railway Stations. Nowhere, he writes, is Sheffield's “hesitant renaissance” more evident than at its station. At night, the surrounding area recedes into darkness and lighting picks out the building's frontage. “For a brief moment, Sheffield becomes the Rome of the North, with the Baths of Caracalla and the Trevi Fountain in the foreground.” Well, it's a change from “Sheffield – home of The Full Monty”.
Sheffield is one of nine Yorkshire stations (10 if you include Middlesbrough in Yorkshire) among the 100 featured in this follow-up to Jenkins's much-read England's Thousand Best Churches and England's Thousand Best Houses. The difference – apart from the more modest tally of entries and the broader geographical scope – is that churches and fine houses are destinations, but stations are traditionally seen as just stations, everyday, workaday buildings, built to function not delight.
Many of us may spend considerably more time in them than in churches or stately homes, but all too often we've undervalued them, however fine their architecture.
Their cause hasn't been helped by one of the greatest Victorian architects, Sir George Gilbert Scott. After completing St Pancras station, he loftily declared not just that it was the finest building in London, but “my own belief is that it is possibly too good for its purpose”. As though he was slumming it.
Jenkins nominates St Pancras as Britain's overall “best” station (there are 2,560 main-line ones, plus hundreds more on “heritage lines”). He calls it “truly a station apart” and outlines the hard-fought campaign to save it from demolition, restore it and create the glorious, uplifting place it is today: a “destination station” in its own right.
Soon after its restoration, my wife and I stayed at the adjoining St Pancras Hotel and were given a room with a huge arched window overlooking the platforms. We spent the evening gazing out, entranced by the comings and goings. Before going to bed, we set the alarm so we wouldn't miss the day's first Eurostar edging in from Paris. It encapsulated the glamour of continental travel, or perhaps a worrying hint of the anorak.
Similarly, on a more down-to-earth Northern level, part of the appeal of the sadly now-closed George Hotel in Huddersfield was its front bedrooms. They gave you a grandstand view of early morning commuters scurrying out of the station on their urgent way to work, past the striding statue of Harold Wilson looking just as urgent as he stuffs his pipe into his jacket pocket.
Jenkins reckons Huddersfield is “England's handsomest small station... one of the few stations fit to rank with the great union termini of the Continent”. Betjeman, first patron saint of railways (the second is St Michael of Portillo), declared that it had “the most splendid facade in England”.
“Entering under the portico,” writes Jenkins, “we expect Huddersfield's celebrated choral society to be incanting a march from Aida.”
The book evokes “the timeless experiences of coming and going, meeting, greeting and parting” which stations offer. It deftly puts the architecture in its historical context, tracing the recent renaissance of railways after decades of decline.
And it often broadens out the social and psychological picture. Railways, says Jenkins, are “dedicated to certainty, reliability and predictability. Time is an absolute. Not for nothing did ‘making the trains run on time' enter the psyche of 20th-century dictators. A late car journey is just one of those things. A late train journey is an offence against order.”
Many of his choices celebrate once-despised Victorian stations – those great secular cathedrals that were cheerfully demolished in their hundreds to make way for modernism. “Yet these buildings,” he writes, “were as much a celebration of the Victorian age as were treasured mansions of the Tudor, Stuart and Georgian periods.”
The book isn't, however, an unqualified paean of praise. Take the opening paragraph about Hull station – like Huddersfield awarded four stars (Sheffield gets three): “I am torn between lauding Hull Paragon as an unsung masterpiece of the railway age, and pleading for it to be rescued from its owners and taken into care.
“Of all the damage inflicted on this proud city since the Second World War, few examples were more botched than the 2007 rebranding of its station as a bus and rail interchange.” He particularly castigates the squandering of the art nouveau booking hall, “ranking with that of St Pancras as among the finest in Britain... It is currently used as a bicycle store and has plastic cubicles for ‘small businesses'.”
There's also a touch of scepticism about two-star Hebden Bridge station – “as self-conscious as the town it serves”. Notices, he says, proclaim Hebden Bridge as “the ‘year-round Glastonbury of the North', magnet to artists, foodies, gays, lesbians and writers... In 2005, a poll voted it ‘fourth funkiest town in the world'. I forget the other three.” (They were in Australia, Brazil and the US.) He has nothing but praise, though, for the station's Friends group, which has made it “a true community centre”.
Jenkins says his criteria for including a station were “entirely personal”, taking in architectural beauty, eccentricity and setting. Setting is certainly part of the appeal of one-star Ribblehead on the Settle-Carlisle line (“If there is a wilder spot in England I don't know it”).
Two-star Whitby is also strong on setting. For all the charm of the station buildings, its great lure is the glorious journey there from Middlesbrough (three stars) along the Esk Valley Line – “at least in fine weather, one of the glories of the North... Ash and alder shade tumbling rivers as they tease the railway to leap from left bank to right, from one bridge to another.”
The description and analysis are fleshed out with the odd telling anecdote. Jenkins mentions that “Margaret Thatcher disliked trains, having once been accosted on one, although she was sensitive to the public's affection for them. ‘People love them too much,' she once told me while adamantly refusing to countenance privatisation.”
He also offers some neat vignettes. The last time he was at two-star Beverley station, for instance, “a scattering of passengers were sitting quietly on the green benches looking across the tracks at each other. It was like a Quaker meeting house, waiting for someone to speak.”
Beverley might strike some as a curious choice. Similarly one-star Goathland (“the station building might be a Brontë rectory”). You could argue that Bridlington, with its summer flowers and fine vintage buffet, or Skipton, with its wrought ironwork, are just as worthy of a star or two, but neither is included.
It's hard, though, to quibble with the omission of Leeds station, whose bustle is fretful and draining rather than invigorating. It has the scale but none of the uplifting atmosphere of a great station.
Unlike – and here's the best saved to last – York station, up there in the five-star national Top 10 with Newcastle Central, Glasgow Central, Liverpool Lime Street, Bristol Temple Meads and four London termini (St Pancras, King's Cross, Paddington and Liverpool Street). Plus, less predictably, the station chosen for the dust jacket – Wemyss Bay in Scotland (“one of the few stations that, in my opinion, qualify as a coherent work of art”).
Surely Edinburgh Waverley (inexplicably just two-star) should be up there with them? Or maybe I'm biased. Bristling with capital-city energy, it has been the start of so many wonderful Scottish holidays.
There's nothing controversial about York's inclusion, of course. Jenkins suggests it's Britain's most lovable provincial station. Its great curves – of platform and roof – lift the spirit.
And the passengers – the race crowds, the stag and hen parties, the trippers on their way to the coast – offer endless entertainment. There can be fewer more pleasant ways to start an evening than having a drink at one of the York Tap's platform tables, watching the trains sweeping in and out.
Without the inevitable tension of catching a train yourself, you notice so much more. Though probably not as much as Simon Jenkins has.
■ Britain's 100 Best Railway Stations, Viking, £25. Simon Jenkins will be talking about the book next Saturday (7.30pm) during the Ilkley Literature Festival (ilkleyliteraturefestival.org.uk) and on October 15 (3pm) during Sheffield's Off the Shelf festival (offtheshelf.co.uk).
Hyder said a case of sick Pakistani boy who had been suffering from brain tumour and needed to go to New Delhi for treatment convinced him that rivalry between governments was not a hindrance in humanitarian causes. Hyder said a sum of Rs400,000 needed for the treatment of his Pakistani colleague's son was raised without any big problem but the big concern was getting Indian visa for the boy and his parents. Hyder said when they approached the Indian embassy in Abu Dhabi for visa it was issued immediately. He said once the boy and his parents reached New Delhi they were treated very well by the hospital staff and they returned to Abu Dhabi after successful surgery. “That boy is now a 18-year-old young man and studying in a college,” Hyder said.
Criminologists Rosemary Gartner (left) and Anthony Doob present their report on street checks, also known as carding, to Toronto's Police Services Board in March. "The board has continued to allow carding because police chiefs have insisted it is useful," writes Peter Rosenthal. "However, the Doob-Gartner study establishes that 'it is easy to exaggerate the usefulness of these stops, and hard to find data that supports the usefulness of continuing to carry them out.' " Richard Lautens / Toronto Star ) Order this photo
At its meeting this Thursday the Toronto Police Services Board will be considering its response to Ontario's “request for feedback on police street checks public awareness.” “Street checks,” better known as “carding,” is the practice of police officers questioning people who are not suspected of having committed any crime and are not thought to have knowledge of any particular criminal activity. The officers record the information they obtain about the person. The filing of cards containing such information gave the practice its name. The province is presently asking police services to comment on “public awareness” of its recent regulation on carding. However, the Toronto Police Services Board is virtually ignoring a report, paid for and commissioned by the board itself, which clearly implies carding should be abolished. A little background. In 2010, the Toronto Star reported on its detailed study of six years of carding of hundreds of thousands of people by Toronto Police. The study demonstrated that black people had been carded three times as often as others had been, although only about 8.4 per cent of the residents of Toronto were black. The Toronto Star's headlines could not be ignored. Over the past seven years, the Toronto Police board has spent an enormous amount of time, effort and money trying to find ways that carding could be regulated so it does not entail racial profiling and violations of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
Article Continued Below
Many people argued that carding had to be abolished since it would be harmful no matter what regulations were imposed. The police board adopted several different policies but refused to ban the practice. The Province of Ontario enacted a regulation that still permits carding and is now asking all Ontario police services to comment on the public's awareness of this regulation. Late last year, the board retained highly respected criminologists Anthony Doob and Rosemary Gartner to research the effectiveness of carding. Doob and Gartner presented their extensive report to the board on March 23. The Doob-Gartner Report contains a thorough analysis of many studies on the benefits and harms of carding in many jurisdictions. They conclude that evidence of any benefit is “substantially outweighed by convincing evidence of the harm of such practices both to the person subject to them and to the long term and overall relationship of the police to the community.”
Numerous deputations to the board over the past seven years have provided a large amount of anecdotal evidence of such harms; the Doob-Gartner report establishes the harms and the lack of significant benefits beyond any reasonable doubt. In responding to questions from board members, Doob made it clear that carding causes those harms even if the officers involved behave impeccably. There is only one reasonable response to the Doob-Gartner report: immediately end carding. However, unless public pressure mounts, it is very unlikely the police board will do so. The minutes of the March 23 meeting state: “The Board received the presentation and thanked Professor Doob and Professor Gartner for their research. The Board said that the Regulated Interaction with the Community and the Collection of Identifying Information Policy will evolve over time and believes that the research will assist it in assessing the Policy.” But professors Doob and Gartner HAVE thoroughly assessed the policy, and have unequivocally concluded the practice is harmful, regardless of the details of the policy. It is irresponsible to let it “evolve over time.” The board has continued to allow carding because police chiefs have insisted it is useful. However, the Doob-Gartner study establishes that “it is easy to exaggerate the usefulness of these stops, and hard to find data that supports the usefulness of continuing to carry them out.” We cannot blame the police for the continuation of carding; it is natural for police officers to want as much surveillance power as they can get. But we can blame those who are responsible for civilian control of the police. Members of the Toronto Police Services Board, including Mayor John Tory, can and should be blamed if they allow carding to continue in spite of the compelling conclusions of the Doob-Gartner report. If carding is not completely stopped, there will be many additional harms to police-community relations, many more expenses in carrying out and regulating the practice, continued debates and a number of lawsuits. Enough already! Peter Rosenthal is a adjunct professor of law and professor emeritus of mathematics at the University of Toronto. He is also a practicing lawyer.
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WOWO): A two vehicle crash Monday afternoon left both drivers suffering from injuries.
Fort Wayne police were called to the crash around 1:35 p.m., at the intersection of Jefferson Boulevard and Engle Road. Police, firefighters and medics arrived to find both drivers injured, one critically. The critically injured, a man, was pinned in his vehicle and fire crews had to remove him. The driver of the second vehicle, a woman, was also injured however not critically.
Based on witness accounts, the man was traveling east on Jefferson Boulevard when the woman who was attempting to make a left hand turn south onto Engle Road from westbound Jefferson turned into the path of the man's vehicle.
This incident remains under investigation.
It's Troy McAllister's time to shine. The Wendell Phillips Academy football coach is getting special recognition for turning a once-failing team into a multi-state championship winning program. But, true to character, he deflects the spotlight."It's great recognition for our team and our program," he said.McAllister is one of only two coaches in the United States to receive the 2018 Gatorade Coaching Excellence Award.It's a testament to his perseverance with the team, which only had 12 players when he took the job eight years ago. He wondered if he could do it."That's the first question I asked myself. And the first practice, it was, did I make the right decision?" he said."They were in grass, dirt, bugs, all type of stuff and those guys didn't look so good," Phillips junior Joseph Thompson said.Thompson said McAllister has brought out the best in the team, which has translated into winning two state football championships in three years. Thompson said he also emphasizes excellence off the field."We really look at him like a second father because we know he sets high goals for us and we don't want to let him down," McAllister said.McAllister said because of the accomplishments of his players, the Phillips football program is on the national radar."This week alone, Ohio State, Auburn, Florida, Iowa State have all been in the building to see our young men including Penn," he says.McAllister will travel to Los Angeles in July, where he will be recognized at the annual ESPY awards.
The Duchess of Cornwall revealed she always kept ketchup in the fridge for her grandchildren. Picture: Channel 10
The Duchess of Cornwall revealed she always kept ketchup in the fridge for her grandchildren. Picture: Channel 10
PRINCE Charles spends most of the year travelling around the world and sampling all sorts of local dishes.
But even the future King of England was left lost for words when he discovered he had just been served green ants by MasterChef's contestants.
During a highly-anticpated appearance on Wednesday night's episode of the cooking show, contestants were given the mammoth task of preparing a meal for the Prince of Wales.
Earlier in the episode, Duchess of Cornwall made a number of candid confessions about her and Prince Charles' food preferences, confirming they avoided garlic like the plague and always keep ketchup in their fridge.
The contestants were predictably shocked when they found out who they would be cooking for. Picture: Channel 10
To help them plan a menu, Camilla told MasterChef's contestants what the royal couple liked to eat.
Admitting she was "very good at a roast and vegetables" and loved olive oil, Camilla said Charles was a big fan of local cheeses and liked eating home grown food.
When asked by judge Gary Mehigan what foods she couldn't live without in her fridge, the Duchess of Cornwall had a surprising confession.
The Duchess of Cornwall revealed she always kept ketchup in the fridge for her grandchildren. Picture: Channel 10
"I have to have, if I haven't got fresh tomatoes, I'll always have tomato puree," Camilla said. "And I'm afraid to say, even ketchup. My grandchildren are rather addicted to ketchup."
Camilla and Charles share nine grandchildren and step grandchildren between them, including Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis.
When asked what food the contestants should absolutely not serve, Camilla didn't mince her words.
@ClarenceHouse on @masterchefau and I can hardly contain myself. Camilla just having a casual chat to Gary is the best thing ever #MasterChefAU pic.twitter.com/51mkrDLf8N — Loren (@leapinloren) 4 July 2018
"I hate to say this, but garlic," she said. "Garlic is a no-no."
"Because you're talking, chatting?" Gary asked.
"Exactly. It's always so - you just have to lay off the garlic," Camilla replied.
Setting out to impress the future king of England, contestants whipped an array of canapés using Australian ingredients.
While the wallaby tartare and goat's cheese mousse with bush spices were well received, pickled cucumber seasoned with green ants raised eyebrows.
That moment when you find out you just ate ANTS! 🐜😳 #MasterChefAU pic.twitter.com/SGyDUNvX5G — #MasterChefAU (@masterchefau) 4 July 2018
"I'm particularly partial about local ingredients. And that's what makes it so fascinating is the diversity. So, what are all these things?" Charles asked as he inspected the contestant's dishes.
We've got some muntries on here, local green ants on these canapés," judge Matt Preston explained.
"Green ants!" Charles exclaimed with shock.
"This is something I'll remember forever!" Our contestants had the once in a lifetime opportunity to not only cater for His Royal Highness, The Prince of Wales but also to meet him. @ClarenceHouse #MasterChefAU pic.twitter.com/nazeRY1NuC — #MasterChefAU (@masterchefau) 4 July 2018
Revealing his "darling wife" watched MasterChef, the prince also had some words of advice for the contestants.
"it's always worth competing, even if you don't win, isn't it?" he said.
Eating right helps people have nice skin. (Photo: Getty Images/iStockphoto)
Your skin reveals a secret about your health. It will expose you, even if you say you're feeling “okay” to everyone. I'm not referring to a tan, I'm referring to skin tone, texture and color.
If you are pale, you may be anemic and deficient in iron. It shows up on your skin even if you mask the accompanying fatigue with NoDoz or coffee. Pale skin that is also dry may be a clue to your hypothyroidism, which also causes fatigue and hair loss.
Healthy folks have a good supply of blood flow and oxygen throughout their body, so skin appears rosy and pink, as opposed to people with heart disease, high cholesterol or circulatory disorder.
More: Ask The Pharmacist: What color do you pee?
More: Ask The Pharmacist: The science of yawning
People with cancer sometimes have grey or blue-tinged skin or lips due to the lack of oxygenated blood.
Asthma requires the use of steroids (ie prednisone) which can cause easy bruising; this problem also occurs from aspirin, ginkgo, fish oil and prescription anticoagulants to prevent a stroke or heart attack.
If you are alcohol or nicotine-dependent, you will look older than you should, and have saggy skin because these lifestyle factors attack your collagen and elastin. Drinking and smoking age you inside and out.
Sun worshippers and smokers often have age spots and an uneven skin tone, which is from the ultraviolet light. But this oxidation isn't happening on your skin surface, it's also happening to every single organ of your body, including your brain, heart, blood vessels and reproductive organs.
People who suddenly take on a yellow tone may have liver compromise from a drug they're taking, or from alcohol use. If severe, it's called jaundice and requires medical attention.
More: Ask The Pharmacist: Alzheimer's is a guessing game
More: Ask The Pharmacist: My brother was a secret
Perhaps you think beauty is only skin deep, but as I've shown you, it clearly isn't. It is a reflection of your body's general physical health. Radiant youthful-looking skin, hair and nails is actually an inside job.
Reducing your exposure to free radicals can help you obtain gorgeous skin, but of course you need to make sure that you eat right and drink enough water to nourish your body. You'll also want to minimize the amount of synthetic chemicals (including prescriptions) that you take.
There are a only a handful of supplements that I recommend to help with cell protection, collagen formation and general good health. Among the best we have biotin, collagen (but only high quality), silica, hyaluronic acid and/or lipoic acid. What you're going for is a healthy glow to your skin, which -- at the end of day -- translates to a healthy body.
I have a more comprehensive version of this article available at my website. To receive it, sign up for my free newsletter at suzycohen.com and I will email it.
Suzy Cohen is a registered pharmacist. The information presented here is not intended to treat, cure or diagnose any condition. Visit SuzyCohen.com.
Read or Share this story: http://www.marconews.com/story/life/2017/08/14/ask-pharmacist-your-skin-reveals-your-true-state-health/559462001/
ST. PETERSBURG, RUSSIA—A merry band of about a thousand yellow-clad Sweden fans stayed after the game, singing in a stand behind the goal and ignoring repeated requests from the stadium announcer to make their way out. Their team had just reached a World Cup quarterfinal for the first time in 24 years, and they were going to enjoy the moment.
Sweden coach Janne Andersson (right) and defender Pontus Jansson celebrate their 1-0 Round of 16 victory over Switzerland. ( PAUL ELLIS / AFP/GETTY IMAGES )
The object of their affections was clear. “It feels quite extraordinary and quite strange,” Sweden coach Janne Andersson said. “The fact that they are staying on after the game, calling out and shouting my name, just makes you want to go out and thank them.” So he did, emerging back out from the dressing room with captain Andreas Granqvist to applaud the block of supporters who had been the most vocal throughout the 1-0, round-of-16 win over Switzerland on Tuesday.
Article Continued Below
In 39 years as a player and then a coach, Andersson hasn't worked outside Sweden, and many of his clubs were in the country's lower leagues, like Alets and Laholms. Bespectacled, thick set and with short, cropped hair, the 55-year-old Andersson has no global profile, although that might be about to change with a quarterfinal against England on Saturday. Through his insistence on working as a team (or as a “collective,” as he often says), Andersson has changed the national team's philosophy. No more cult of the individual — Zlatan Ibrahimovic ruled the team for more than a decade before retiring from international play in 2016 — but instead an emphasis on the team. “If I'm the symbol, I can live with that but this is very much about the team, not about me or any other individual,” Andersson said. “Football is a team sport and this team really personifies that approach. We share. We work for each other on and off the pitch. I'm incredibly happy it's paying off. Football is a game played by a team. Never forget that.” Was that an indirect reference to Ibrahimovic, who often refers to himself as “God” or a “lion?”
Sweden is doing better at this World Cup than it ever did with Ibra. Andersson's Sweden is hard-working, well-drilled, tough to break down — and dull to watch.
Article Continued Below
“I would not call you boring,” Switzerland playmaker Xherdan Shaqiri told Swedish reporters after Tuesday's game, “but people at home may not like watching you.” Sweden has three shutouts in four games despite a possession disadvantage: 29 per cent against Germany, 35 per cent versus Mexico and 37 per cent against Switzerland. Tactics include long passes to 6-foot-4 (1.92 metre) striker Ola Toivonen and throw-ins into the penalty area with the hope of flick-ons. “We are right on the mark everywhere,” midfielder Albin Ekdal said. “It's incredibly difficult to score against us.” After the victory against Switzerland, Andersson deflected a question about whether Sweden is starting to think about winning its first World Cup. Its side of the bracket opened with the exits of Germany, Spain, Portugal and Argentina. “If you start to lower the bar or the level of ambition, that's not going to make for satisfaction,” he said.
Cross-party pressure builds for EU decision on glyphosate to be annulled
Former UN Special Rapporteur says the EU Commission's Implementing Regulation is unlawful
The Greens/EFA group will try to build a majority in the European Parliament to refer the EU's decision to renew the licence for glyphosate to the European Court of Justice. The Greens and MEPs from the S&D political group are calling for the decision to be annulled.
The calls follow a new report from Professor Olivier De Schutter, a Belgian international human rights lawyer who now sits on the UN's Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and who formerly served as the UN Special Rapporteur on the right to food. In his report, Prof De Schutter outlined the reasons why the EU Commission's Implementing Regulation, which lays out the terms on which glyphosate's approval will be renewed, is unlawful and should be annulled.
His view is shared by the MEPs Eric Andrieu and Marc Tarabella from the S&D political group. They stated, "The re-authorization of this potentially carcinogenic substance for 500 million European citizens violates the existing European regulations on pesticides and several provisions of EU treaties."
The MEPs added that Prof De Schutter's report confirms that the EU vote to renew glyphosate for another five years "does not respect the precautionary principle".
Pesticides must not harm human health
In his report, Prof De Schutter stated that the renewal contravenes the EU pesticide regulation, which seeks to ensure that no pesticides shall be authorized unless they have no harmful effects on human health and no unacceptable effects on the environment. He wrote that by renewing the approval of an active substance with harmful effects that are amply demonstrated and acknowledged, the Commission broke the law.
Prof De Schutter added that the Commission's Implementing Regulation laying down conditions for glyphosate's renewal breaks the EU pesticide regulation's requirement that the approval and marketing of pesticides should enhance the functioning of the internal market.
He explained that the Implementing Regulation leaves it up to EU member states to protect groundwater, applicators, non-professional users, and non-target animals and plants from potential harm caused by glyphosate. Thus, wrote Prof De Schutter, "The Regulation opens the door to the adoption of a variety of national (or even subnational) regulatory regimes that would defeat its harmonisation purpose. Therefore, it appears that the Implementing Regulation breaches [the EU's pesticide regulation] insofar as it does not enhance the good functioning of the internal market."
Attempt to reverse a harmful decision
Philippe Lamberts, co-president of the Greens/EFA group in the European Parliament, said: “We will now try to build a majority in the European Parliament to take this to the European Court of Justice and will appeal to the Member States that rightly objected to the Commission's proposals to join us. We must attempt to reverse what is set to be a deeply harmful decision. It will be clear to anyone that reads Prof De Schutter's meticulous report that the Commission has been led by business interests. They disregarded not only the European Citizens' Initiative and the view of the European Parliament, but also serious scientific warnings. Despite the large scale concern, they pressed ahead without even allowing a pause for further investigation. The German government in particular has questions to answer. It seems they are more interested in ensuring the proposed Bayer-Monsanto merger goes ahead than protecting the health of their own citizens."
Prof De Schutter commented: “The Commission has transformed into an institutional crisis what was, initially, a public health issue. It has dismissed the views of the International Agency of Research of Cancer (IARC) of the WHO, according to which glyphosate represents a ‘probable risk of provoking cancer in humans'. It did so despite the fact that the IARC's findings are far more respected by the scientific community than those of the European agencies — the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) and the European Chemicals Agency (ECHA) — which have adopted their views based primarily, it now appears, on the documents provided by Monsanto. This is unacceptable. The Court of Justice shall have no choice but to annul the Implementing Regulation, for violation of the requirement to ensure a high level of protection of human health and of the environment, and for violation of the right of citizens to file a ECI — and to contribute thereby to the democratic life of the Union.”
Background
The European Commission is due to adopt the Implementing Regulation on 12 December. There is then a two-month period in which any Member State or the European Parliament can file an action for annulment of the implementing regulation.
For Prof De Schutter's full report, see: http://extranet.greens-efa-service.eu/public/media/file/1/5422
Sources:
The Greens/EFA in the EU Parliament
https://www.greens-efa.eu/en/article/press/greens-efa-group-calls-for-commission-decision-to-be-annulled/
Eric Andrieu, S&D MEP: http://www.eric-andrieu.eu/glyphosate-on-annule-tout/
The Home Office's plan to shift the blue-light services to 4G has been branded unachievable, its Digital Services at the Border project is at high risk of failure and five other tech projects are facing deep issues.
The department's progress on its major projects have been scrutinised as part of the Infrastructure and Projects Authority annual report (IPA), which this year assessed 133 large and risky programmes the government has on the go.
Overall, the IPA noted a general increase in the proportion of projects ranked red or amber-red – which indicates projects are undeliverable or at high risk of failure – from 38 to 46, and a decline in the proportion given amber-green or green, from 28 to 24.
However, as IPA boss Tony Meggs noted, the report does not consider the "mega-programme" that is extricating the UK from the EU, and the many smaller projects that are part of preparing the nation's infrastructure and services for the increased demand it will face after Brexit.
The IPA report, which is based on assessments done in September 2017, counts 29 projects as ICT. These have a total estimated whole life cost of £10bn, of which 7 are flagged amber-red, meaning delivery is in doubt, with major risks and urgent action needed.
But a much larger number than this will have a tech element to them; many of the 41 transformation projects will rely on ICT, while infrastructure and military programmes are also likely to involve tech.
Among the most risky projects is the delay-ridden Emergency Services Mobile Communications Programme, which aims to replace the mobile communications service, the radio infrastructure Airwave run by Motorola, with a 4G network run by EE.
In the document assessing the Home Office, the IPA noted “continuing challenges with some of the authority projects and subsequent evidence of further slippage from the main suppliers”, and that a full scale programme re-plan had begun, with commercial renegotiations expected, along with a recalculation of the full business case figures by late September 2018.
The whole-life cost of the project is now listed at £5.1bn; last year's report – in which the programme was given an amber rating – put this at £4.9bn.
For its part, the Home Office admitted the mobilisaton phase of the programme had been extended by nine months, and that further supplier slippage was likely in the next phase, which was due to commence in June 2018.
Home Office perm sec Philip Rutnam last month declined to give MPs a final date for completion, but the estimate given in today's document dump is 31 December 2020, a year after the current planned national shutdown date of 31 December 2019.
The department also gained an amber-red rating for its Digital Services at the Border programme – a crucial element of the Brexit picture that is set to cost £341m – while five others are flagged amber.
These include the department's recently reset £290m project to upgrade ERP, HR and payroll, with the IPA noting that contracts have now been awarded to an Accenture/Certus consortium; and the efforts to replace the Police National Computer and Police National Database with a single solution.
The IPA noted a “visible increase in enthusiasm, commitment, pace, focus and detail” on the £374.6m Technology Platforms for Tomorrow project to exit its Fujistu IT2000 contract and replace those services.
The Ministry of Justice is another department faced with a large number of major projects that have been ranked risky. The IPA said that the successful delivery of both the planned common technology platform across the criminal justice system, set to cost £380m, and the £1.6bn efforts to reform courts and tribunals services are in doubt.
And its £2.9bn Future IT Sourcing programme, which aimed to cut costs by bringing in a new operating model, was ranked amber, with the department admitting that “timescales remain challenging and whilst deployments are accelerating, further simplification of solution deployment is required”.
The Register revealed earlier this year that the MoJ was planning to take supplier Leidos out of the picture, moving away from the "tower" model to bring tech management back in house.
However, the Department of Health appears to be plugging ahead with its own efforts to replace a Capita-run infrastructure managed service contract with internal and external supplier towers – a project that received an amber-red rating.
The project suffered a 15-week delay, with the department pointing the finger at purdah – the period of public servant quiet time ahead of elections – for 11 weeks of this due to delays in gaining an outline business case approval, and promised that there would only be a 6-week delay to the overall project.
Other high-profile programmes that are rated amber on this year's list include the disastrous but inescapable Universal Credit programme, the environment department's bid to replace expiring contracts from its two largest IT contractors, and HMRC's Making Tax Digital programme.
Also amber-flagged is HMRC's Customs Declaration Service – a ranking that might surprise some given the concerns expressed by MPs just last week that the project is still fraught with risk and traders aren't ready for the changes that need to be in place before Brexit.
And, of course, it wouldn't be a list of botched government IT projects without a mention of the Government Digital Service's identify scheme Verify, which this year slipped from amber-green to amber.
This was due to difficulties in actually getting anyone to use the service, which GDS, true to form, tried to pin on other departments.
"User volumes have been lower than forecast due to slower than anticipated digital transformation across government," its parent department, the Cabinet Office, said. "Work is underway to develop cross-government agreement on the approach to digital identity in the intermediate term."
Unlike most of the other major projects for which data is provided, the government did not list the budget for the year or the whole life cost of Verify, instead stating: "Exempt under Section 43 of the Freedom of Information Act 2000 (Commercial Interests)". ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
A former governor of Oyo State, Adebayo Alao-Akala, on Wednesday declared his intention to contest for the governorship seat in 2019, saying he was bowing to intense pressure by his admirers.
The former governor made the declaration on Wednesday at his Bodija, Ibadan, residence while receiving members of the Akala Support Group who paid him a visit.
The group had at a programme held at Premier Hotel in Ibadan on March 29 called on Alao-Akala to re-contest in 2019.
“Patriotic people of Oyo State, for quite some time now, I have been inundated by telephone calls and text messages from well-meaning citizens and subjected to intense pressure.
”I have been receiving these messages from Destiny Group, corporate bodies, political associates and friends alike to stage a comeback to the governorship seat in the state.
“Having communed with my creator, the Almighty God, my immediate family and due consultations with critical stakeholders, I do solemnly offer myself to contest for the governorship seat in 2019. So help me God,” he said.
Alao-Akala said he was contesting with a view to consolidating on and surpassing the achievements recorded so far by Gov. Abiola Ajimobi.
He claimed that he endeavoured “ to put smiles on the faces of people within available resources'' when he was governor between 2007 and 2011.
Alao-Akala commended the efforts of Ajimobi who had been governing the state in the last seven years.
“Ajimobi's remarkable programmes and projects in the areas where people find tough to venture into have been impactful on the citizenry such that the people have tagged him ‘Koseleri Governor.
“My fellow compatriots, you can see vividly the similarities in our designations, ‘Oyato' and ‘Koseleri, ‘ both of which are clear evidence of purposeful governance,'' he said.
Earlier, Dr Fola Akinosun, the Chairman of Akala Support Group, had described Alao-Akala as the most qualified and experienced among all those who had declared interest in the governorship race.
Akinosun, who is a member of the Buhari Campaign Organisation, said this was not the time to experiment in the choice of leadership.
Mr Olu Abiala, a former NLC Chairman in the state, also said the visit was to appeal to Alao-Akala to listen to the call by no fewer than 5,000 members of the group to contest.
Among those present at the forum were human rights activists, labour leaders, traders as well as representatives of youth and women groups.
Bitcoin's surge past $17,000 late last week reinforces an important economic theory: a rapidly-expanding asset bubble will always draw a crowd. But it should also reinforce fears about a situation that is not limited to a few foolish retail punters and a few swashbuckling hedge funds. This is a crisis for financial services.
The cryptocurrency's rise is a source of much hilarity for most finance, reminding us that you can always count on dumb money. But financial institutions — exchange operators, derivatives clearing houses and others —have now joined the party, taking a slice of business from bulls and bears alike. Today, Cboe Global Markets began allowing investors to trade bitcoin futures, and the CME Group will follow suit on the 18th.
As a result some are worried about whether bitcoin could present a systemic risk. The phrase ‘next Lehman Brothers' has been tossed around with willful abandon, by observers including Interactive Brokers chairman Thomas Peterffy, whose company is one of the US' largest derivatives traders. Peterffy took out a full page advert in the Wall Street Journal to demand that regulators force any organisation clearing bitcoin derivatives to be ring-fenced from other types of derivatives clearing.
"Cryptocurrencies do not have a mature, regulated and tested underlying market," Peterffy wrote. "The products and their markets have existed for fewer than 10 years and bear little if any relationship to any economic circumstance or reality in the world."
He is wrong, on two counts.
Firstly, the idea that bitcoin could present a risk to the financial system itself is laughable. The financial crisis was prompted by a huge repricing of risk; the near-religious belief that the US housing market was safe as, er, houses — held by almost all of the financial industry — was suddenly challenged. But those selling bitcoin options are under no illusions that it could implode in minutes. In that sense, it is more like an emerging market currency that is one half of a hedge fund's carry trade, and the world doesn't end every time a heavily leveraged shop blows itself up on a wrong-way bet.
There is a reason why exchanges are demanding investors hold 35% of the value of their futures contracts in cash with the exchanges — far higher than other assets. They have no illusions about the risks involved in handling an asset that is about as volatile as nitroglycerin.
Peterffy is also wrong about bitcoin's relationship to the real world. In fact, its rise is finance's existential problem in microcosm: when the financial crisis burned investors and required gigantic taxpayer bailouts, the effect was that retail money fled from traditional investments, and asset managers say it has been slow to come back. While the S&P 500 has returned 269% since 2009, a report in late 2016 by the CFA Institute found nearly a third of all investors were predicting a market crash within three years. BlackRock chief executive Larry Fink estimates there could be as much as $55tn uninvested.
But while institutions have now decreased their cash allocations to 4.4% - the lowest reported cash levels since 2013 – according to a fund manager survey by Bank of America Merrill Lynch in November, the climate of fear among retail investors remains very real.
Liz Ann Sonders, chief investment strategist for US wealth manager Charles Schwab, told the New York Times last month that retail investors have nowhere near the commitment to stocks that they did in past booms. One investment adviser quoted in the piece said that he had pleaded with clients to put money into the stock market, but that all they wanted to know was when the next crash would come. “No one ever asks me when the S&P is going to blow past 3,000,” he said.
A great many people simply do not trust the financial services industry to look out for their interests, and with so much money still “on the sidelines,” it is fair to assume many people believe bitcoin to be more trustworthy than the stock market.
When it blows up, they will despise bitcoin too. But that is not a problem. The fact that they apparently despise the finance industry, so much that many of them would shun a simple mutual fund in favour of bitcoin — whose annualised volatility against the US dollar is a whopping 97% — is a serious problem.
There is only reportedly around $200bn in digital assets, which is small compared with the wider markets. But the existence of that cash, and its stubbornness in staying out of equity markets despite a record-setting bull market, is proof that something is still terribly wrong in the world of finance. Many asset managers believe that retail investors will eventually overcome their post-crash fears and get back in the game. History suggests as much. But if this time really is different, the next challenger to traditional finance — one that could be less volatile and more of a sane investment — will be harder to ignore.
For now, the financial services industry can go on and laugh as the rubes eagerly line up to surrender their hard earned money to hackers and short-term traders who are likely making millions exploiting the arbitrage opportunities among the various quoted prices. But remember that their rising fortunes are just further proof of finance's falling ones.
To contact the author of this story with feedback or news, email Dave Morris
NATIONAL
(Yonhap)
South Korean President Moon Jae-in said Tuesday that the country will expand its diplomatic efforts to peacefully resolve North Korea's nuclear and missile issues, vowing to prevent a war from breaking out on the Korean Peninsula."The government will prevent a war at all cost. We must peacefully resolve the North Korean nuclear issue no matter how many ups and downs there are," Moon said in a ceremony marking the 72nd anniversary of the country's liberation from the 1910-1945 Japanese colonial rule."The government will further step up its diplomatic efforts to make sure the international community's principle of peaceful resolution of the North Korean nuclear issue will not waiver," he added.Moon's remarks come amid escalating tension between the United States and the North that many here believe may lead to the outbreak of armed conflict if not an all-out war.Pyongyang says it is considering staging a missile exercise around the US-controlled island of Guam that is viewed as a clear and direct threat to the United States.Washington has warned that it can move to counter Pyongyang's threats militarily, with US President Donald Trump going a step further saying the option to use force is "locked and loaded" and ready for implementation.Moon apparently sought to calm both sides, saying no military action should take place without Seoul's consent."Military action on the Korean Peninsula can only be decided by the Republic of Korea and no one may decide to take military action without the consent of the Republic of Korea," Moon said, referring to his country by its official name.Still, the South Korean leader said his country will also enhance its own defense capabilities to ensure peace."At the same time, we will keep our doors open for military dialogue to make sure the military tension between the South and the North will not worsen," the president said.He repeated his call on the communist North to halt its provocations and return to the dialogue table."North Korea must remember that when it suspended its missile tests or declared a suspension to nuclear tests was when the North-South Korean relations were at their best. That was when North Korea-US, North Korea-Japan talks were promoted and multilateral diplomacy in the Northeast Asian region flourished," Moon said."The resolution of the North Korean nuclear issue must start from a nuclear freeze. North Korea must at least halt its nuclear and missile provocations before conditions for dialogue can be created," he added. (Yonhap)
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
2020 Audi S8 spy shots - Image via S. Baldauf/SB-Medien Enlarge Photo
Mercedes-Benz has revealed its first-ever A-Class sedan. The version shown has been designed specifically for the Chinese market but we'll see an A-Class sedan in the United States later this year. It's due in the fall as a 2019 model.
A design firm specializing in superyachts has designed a Land Rover Range Rover 6x6. The company envisions the vehicle as a tender for superyachts where it could be used to transport the yacht's owner and guests.
Audi is out testing the next generation of its S8, which is expected to benefit from the same twin-turbocharged V-8 found in the Porsche Panamera Turbo. A replacement for the current S8 Plus is also planned and could make the switch to plug-in hybrid power.
You'll find these stories and more in today's car news, right here at Motor Authority.
First-ever Mercedes-Benz A-Class sedan debuts in Beijing
German firm readies Range Rover 6x6 pickup
2020 Audi S8 spy shots
2019 Cadillac XTS review
Sedan meets SUV with Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury concept
Nissan Leaf Pro-Pilot Assist and range-anxiety review
Infiniti confirms electrified sedan based on Q Inspiration concept
2018 Mercedes-Benz E-Class review
Koenigsegg Agera RS hits 242 MPH in just 1.3 miles
Should you buy a portable Level 2 electric-car charger?
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It would be fair to say we're pretty spoiled for choice when it comes to festivals in Bristol, and as summer approaches it's time to get excited for them.
Whether it's music or food you're into, there are plenty of events covering both right up your street – and one of the biggest which incorporates both is just weeks away.
Foodies Festival, the UK's biggest food festival, will once again bring a jam-packed, mouth-watering day of fun to Bristol's Durdham Downs with not only food-based events to look forward to but some big musical acts, too.
This year there will be a number of renowned chefs at the festival including Great British Bake Off 2017 finalist Stephen Carter Bailey, who will be baking live, as well as Michelin-star rated chefs Josh Eggleton of The Pony & Trap and Robert Potter of The Manor House, who will be meeting festival-goers and sharing advice.
Elsewhere, ticket-holders will be able to feast at over 30 delicious street food stalls in the Street Food Avenue, enjoy Prosecco and Parmesan masterclasses in the Drinks Theatre, join chocolate making, cake decorating and Kombucha workshops, sample and buy from artisan producers in the market area and much more.
There will also be cream pie throwing, cheese stretching and chilli eating competitions as well as lots to do for the kids.
In terms of music, the festival's organisers have enlisted three big bands to play across the weekend of May 11-13.
On Friday evening, revellers will be treated to a performance by The Hoosiers, who exploded onto the scene in 2007 with Worried About Ray before releasing their debut album, The Trick To Life, which shot to number one in the UK album charts.
Saturday will see Toploader and Dodgy take to the stage, with the former pleasing crowds with a certain infectious big hit to their name and the latter bringing their brand of nostalgia-laden Britpop to the festival.
Supported by Musicians Against Homelessness, the live music stage will raise money for UK-wide homelessness charity Crisis.
For tickets, visit the festival's website here.
Slayer
Pyrotechnics and Kerry King's blazing guitar on full display Tuesday for Slayer's farewell concert stop at Budweiser Stage. ( Rick Madonik / Toronto Star ) Thousands of fans partied Tuesday like this really would be the last time they'd see Slayer onstage. ( Rick Madonik / Toronto Star ) Tom Araya, vocals and bass, amid an impressive light show as part of Slayer's farewell concert stop at Toronto's Budweiser Stage on Tuesday. ( Rick Madonik / Toronto Star )
Budweiser Stage, May 29, along with Testament, Behemoth, Anthrax and Lamb of God. No one wants to say goodbye to Slayer forever, of course, but if this is indeed it for the living metal legends they're going out in spectacular form. Slayer's Final World Tour, as it's officially known, is not a curt farewell gesture by any means and will take the still-formidable quartet around the globe well into 2019 and perhaps even into 2020, so there's still a chance we might see the lads in Toronto again after their (literally) blazing set at the Budweiser Stage on Tuesday night.
Article Continued Below
As we all know, too, if there's been a single, common message transmitted over the years by such strange musical bedfellows as Frank Sinatra, the Who, Elton John, KISS, Cher, Garth Brooks, Nine-Inch Nails and LCD Soundsystem, it's that a florid “final goodbye” to performing and/or recording is often only as final as the most lucrative offer to hit the “reunion” or “comeback” trail to subsequently come in dictates. In the context of concerts, “farewell” is a term not to be trusted. Here's hoping Slayer keeps it real, however. No real statement on why the band is calling it quits after 37 years in the business of evil has been issued, but 56-year-old bassist/singer Tom Araya did joke to Loudwire in a 2016 interview that he was partially inspired to retire by the fact that he can't headbang anymore, “and that was a big part of why I enjoy doing what I do — singing and headbanging.” That's a tacit admission that age is slowly starting to hamper the very physical, downright athletic things that Slayer does if there ever was one. So while it was doubtless not an easy decision for Araya, co-founder/guitarist Kerry King, longtime drummer Paul Bostaph and guitarist Gary Holt, who stepped in for an ailing Jeff Hanneman two years before his untimely death in 2013, to shut the band down after all these years, it might be the right one. No one wants to see Slayer slowing down. Slayer is not about slowing down. The 14,000- or 15,000-strong crowd at the Budweiser Stage certainly carried on like this was the last time, anyway. With Slayer sitting last on a monstrous bill that also included fellow Bay Area thrash warriors Testament, Polish Satano-metallers Behemoth, long-lived New York brutalists Anthrax and Richmond, Va.'s Lamb of God — arguably the most formidable and uncompromising American metal act to achieve widespread visibility since Slayer — the mob had a lot of time to get messy on a sunny school night. And, oh, messy did they get. I wandered up to the lawn to get a taste of the vibe at the amphitheatre and narrowly missed getting sprayed with puke, and caught a drunken young fan falling to the ground within the first three minutes. Good times.
That's what it's all about, though. For all its musical menace and lyrical preoccupations with the occult, the horrors of war, murder, necrophilia and good ol' Satan, Slayer is ultimately about having a good time. It's pure, unadulterated fun to get walloped in the face with all that hammering sound and lose your mind to “Hell Awaits” and “Raining Blood” and “Seasons in the Abyss” — they played all the faves on Tuesday, including one of the most titanic versions of “South of Heaven” I've ever encountered — and it's way more fun to lose your mind to those tunes when they're coming at you through the full might of a big-venue PA system. No slouch in the “loud” department itself, Lamb of God was respectfully underpowered by comparison on Tuesday. By the time Slayer got to the expected, climactic finale “Angel of Death,” even the fish in Lake Ontario were going deaf. Slayer is not for everyone, of course, which is what made this farewell celebration — and it was definitely a celebration, not a wake — such a riot to be a part of. Regardless of your age or your creed or your colour, if you've dialled in to Slayer for the long haul, you're part of the tribe. Just in my vicinity on Tuesday evening were four gents in Dockers and golf shirts with grey buzzcuts who looked like they'd just rolled in off a yacht; a mother/father/teenage son combo clad in Rob Zombie, Testament and Iron Maiden t-shirts, respectively; a pack of wasted 20-something “bros”; a woman older than my 40-ish age who'd brought her dad out; a knot of grandfatherly bikers; a guy with one of those starchy, three-foot-high mohawks that basically guarantee you'll never find gainful employment in life; and a cute couple slightly younger than my 40-ish age which at first appeared to be a case of the beardy boyfriend dragging his sundressed, Kindergarten-teacher-esque gal in French braids out to the metal show but revealed itself to be quite the other way around as the night wore on, as it became clear she knew the words to every single freakin' song. What did we all have in common? We were all there for Slayer and we were all screaming “Welcome to the kingdom of the dead!” in unison until our throats were raw. That, my friends, is a tribe.
Article Continued Below
This is why it might be okay for Slayer to hang it up while it's still got it. Slayer has never had a hit on the radio or released a power ballad or worked with Bob Rock or done any of the things that get you to the Metallica level. Slayer has just carried on being Slayer, and when it digs into “Mandatory Suicide” or “Dead Skin Mask” or “Chemical Warfare” it still sounds every bit as threatening as it did back in the day. Cartoonishly threatening, of course, as the band has always had a healthy sense of the ridiculous. But no one wants to see Slayer actually looking ridiculous onstage if the players can't hold it down like they used to. I love Judas Priest and AC/DC to death, for instance, but their last passes through Toronto were pretty wobbly, even before both bands started shedding original members willy-nilly and looking even more ridiculous. I don't wanna see Slayer do that. “Thank you very much,” Araya said as the last notes of “Angel of Death” faded at the end of the night and the band took a moment to bask in the roar of the crowd. “Thank you very much. Thank you for sharing and spending so much time with us. Good night.”
Follow the Toronto Star on social media:
Lights up. No encore. Go out hard. Leave 'em wanting. There are no encores in life. Hell awaits.
Funnier than ever, with a few surprises & even one star who WALKS OUT as he's reading it live …
Which one is your favorite?
He gets that a lot, and understandably so.
A win at the Masters, which begins April 5, would simply send his resume spiralling into uber-legendary status.
And here's the thing:
He has a chance. A very good one. He will take security blankets from Tampa and Orlando with him to Augusta. Emotional ones to give him comfort. And that little book of his that needs updating. No worries. He has plenty of time.
"If I can play with no pain and I feel I can make golf swings, I'll figure it out," Tiger said. "I'm starting to piece it together tournament by tournament, and each tournament has gotten a little crisper and a little better."
Like anyone who aspires for greatness, Tiger will not mess around with any shortcuts. He will travel to Augusta before the tournament, pen and paper and computer and any other gadget necessary on hand.
"I need to take a look at it," Tiger said. "I haven't putted on bent grass in two years. So this is going to be new to me — playing on rye like that over-seeded rye, different spins that we're going to encounter there ... what wedge system I want to use ... I have to do a little bit of work."
Tiger was introspective and at times self-effacing in his post-tournament scrum with reporters. Call it Tiger 2.0.
When Tiger won this tournament only five years ago, he came across as The Least Interesting Man on the Planet. He didn't seem terribly enthused. Perhaps it was that the dominance came too easy.
"Yeah, it's nice," he said.
Nice is a good bottle of wine. A rare good movie on Netflix. A smooth ride you see along the highway.
Tiger took a jump-for-joy moment and turned it into a shoulder shrug.
The years since have been unkind, giving Tiger a human touch he seemed to lack, with a side of humility.
"If you have given me this opportunity in December or January, I would have taken it in a heartbeat," he said of his recent rise. "Everything was unknown. I didn't know how I was going to feel like, what I was going to do, what swing I was going to make."
We're still dealing with a bit of the unknown, but in a good way.
Augusta beckons a former champion, who hopes to take to the remodelling.
Orlando Sentinel
Orlando Sentinel
FILE - In this April 14, 2012 file photo, Mexico's President Felipe Calderon and his wife, first lady Margarita Zavala arrive for the opening ceremony of the sixth Summit of the Americas in Cartagena, Colombia. Zavala announced Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, she is resigning from the conservative National Action Party, known as the PAN. She had announced her intention to run for the party's presidential nomination, but found herself in open conflict with party leader Ricardo Anaya, who also wants the nomination. Fernando Llano AP Photo
Photo: Eduardo Parra / Getty Images
By Annie Reuter
An emotional video of a young boy talking about the pain of being bullied has gone viral and many artists including Rihanna, Katy Perry, Snoop Dogg and Cardi B are standing up for him.
Related: Katy Perry, Catholic Church Win $10 Million in Convent Case Lawsuit
“Just out of curiosity, why do they bully?” Keaton Jones, a Tennessee native, asked in the video. “What's the point of it? Why do you find joy in taking innocent people and finding a way to be mean to them? It's not okay.”
He explained that kids make fun of his nose and during lunch they pour milk on him and throw food at him. The video was shot by Jones' mother after she picked him up from school when he told her he was afraid to go to lunch.
After viewing the clip on social media, Katy Perry, Cardi B, Snoop Dogg, Hailee Steinfeld, and others provided words of encouragement to Jones.
“#KeatonJones Hero!!! Thank you young KING for inspiring us all who have been in your shoes at any capacity!” wrote Rihanna on social media. “If you have, or currently are going through any form of bullying, my heart and my prayers go out to you! Bullies…y'all corny!”
“This broke my 💔today. Please be kind to one another,” Katy Perry wrote in a caption for Jones' video.
“Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate,” commented Snoop Dogg.
Zedd and Cole Swindell offered tickets to their concerts while Hailee Steinfeld invited Jones to be her guest at the Pitch Perfect 3 premiere.
See the best artists reactions below:
#KeatonJones Hero!!! Thank you young KING for inspiring us all who have been in your shoes at any capacity! If you have, or currently are going through any form of bullying, my heart and my prayers go out to you! Bullies...y'all corny! A post shared by badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Dec 11, 2017 at 4:36am PST
This broke my 💔today. Please be kind to one another. #standwithkeaton A post shared by KATY PERRY (@katyperry) on Dec 10, 2017 at 2:56pm PST
Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate 👊🏾☝🏾 A post shared by snoopdogg (@snoopdogg) on Dec 10, 2017 at 7:50am PST
Hi @Lakyn_Jones, could you pass this message along to Keaton? ❤ https://t.co/3l8P4fKAqW —
Hailee Steinfeld (@HaileeSteinfeld) December 10, 2017
buddy next time I make it home to Knox I'm going to walk into that lunchroom with you and watch the bullies say the… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Kelsea Ballerini (@KelseaBallerini) December 10, 2017
I'm so Sad and angry like I'm OD hot 😡😪Please teach your kids not to be bullies .Teach them how to be tough 👊🏽but not too pick on others —
(@iamcardib) December 10, 2017
Hey, @Lakyn_Jones .. bring your brother Keaton by the bus before my show in Knoxville, TN next month if ya want.. w… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Cole Swindell (@coleswindell) December 10, 2017
Stay strong Keaton. Takes a lot of courage to send such an honest message like this to the world. For anyone being… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Brothers Osborne (@brothersosborne) December 11, 2017
Hey Keaton Jones, I'd like to invite you to be my guest at any show of mine of your choice. I'll cover ur flights a… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
(@Zedd) December 11, 2017
Shabid Ullah Wazir
On February 5, we are going to observe the day as solidarity day with the people of Kashmir. No doubt, Kashmiris deserve to have all political, diplomatic and moral support from Pakistan which they have got from their Pakistani brethren till date and will continue to get the same in the times to come.
The day will be remembered for the injustices being meted out to the people of Kashmir at the hands of Indian policymakers and the Indian Armed Forces. And it is hoped that Kashmiris will one day come out of the dark era of India occupation and the sun of freedom will be dawned upon them. India has been bullying Pakistan to raise hand and shun the moral and diplomatic support of the Kashmiris and for this purpose, it has been constantly violating the LoC and the Working Boundary.
The international community is a silent spectator. David Cameron, the then British Primier, on January 3,2014, while expressing his dismay and grief over the situation in Indian Occupied Kashmir once said: In this modern age in which we breathe , I don't feel any need of measures like Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) and Public Safety Act. It would be a matter of prudence on the part of Indian policymakers to repeal them. The international community of which we too are a part will and can never dictate the two neighbors nor can anything be imposed upon both the parties, but India and Pakistan both should resort to negotiations to amicably settle the issue according to the aspirations of the Kashmiris.—Email
Published:
Share This
Babagana Kingibe, former secretary to the government of the federation, says he knows “nothing” about the 2019 presidential campaign posters being circulated with his image.“I am experienced enough in politics to know that you do not start a political campaign with posters without talking to anyone about your ambition,” he said in a paid advert placed in national newspapers on Friday.The posters started appearing in Abuja and Lagos recently, fuelling speculation that Kingibe, who was running mate to MKO Abiola in the annulled June 12, 1993 presidential election, was preparing to challenge President Muhammadu Buhari for the APC ticket.He also linked the posters to allegations that he took money from the National Intelligence Agency (NIA), pointing out that the events cannot be “coincidental”.Kingibe wrote: “My attention has been drawn to the posters being circulated in some cities across the country purporting that I am campaigning to be President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria in the 2019 elections. I want to state clearly that I know nothing about the posters.They were neither produced nor authorised by me. I do not know how the posters came about and I know nothing about how they were circulated in those cities. I am experienced enough in politics to know that you do not start a political campaign with posters without talking to anyone about your ambition.“In any case, I want to state very clearly that I DO NOT have the intention or the desire to contest for any elective post in 2019 or thereafter. I am fully in support of President Muhammadu Buhari and his policies, which I believe will rescue Nigeria from accumulated decay, loss of moral compass and leadership failure. I fervently believe that Nigeria is safe in President Buhari's hands and he needs to complete and build upon the solid foundations that he is laying.”He described the NIA allegations as “phantom”.“I am also very much aware of fictitious petitions and statements made to the EFCC and House of Representatives Committee on Security and National Intelligence linking me to some claims of impropriety. The phantom allegations and the pasting of posters are too striking to be co-incidental. This is a miscalculated attempt to malign and defame me,” he said.“I urge all well-meaning Nigerians to please ignore all these fabrications and falsehoods.”Kingibe was the chairman of the panel set up by Buhari to review the operations of NIA following the discovery of the agency's funds in a flat in Ikoyi, Lagos.
The victims, eyewitnesses, police and paramedics on the scene were all Torontonians, yes. But the names and faces featured in the news reports, and producing the news reports — eyewitnesses like Ali Shaker, Amir Bahmeyeh, Ham Yu-Jin, Amir Farokhpour; Deputy Chief Peter Yuen — remind us that we are, uniquely, a people from around the world.
Stop for a second, look and listen to what happened, who it happened to, how the city responded. Who were these people?
The difference is that we are different — for our diversity offers immunity, at least partially, from the bigotry and blaming that erupt in times of trouble elsewhere.
The impact here is more piercing, for we Canadians imagine ourselves to be exempt from terror — at a safe distance from the geographical and political hot spots that make targets of global cities. Yet we are blessed with a collective defence unique to Toronto.
The old slogan, unity in diversity, is here a reality. If only because we are today too melded to be divided.
In Toronto, everyone is a target yet no one is a target. We are so many people that we are almost indivisible, or at least indecipherable.
From every place, every race, every faith. Which means that while the terror hurts all of us, most of us are in no rush to demonize any one of us.
The old terminology of terrorism may or may not apply to what befell Toronto this week. The difference between terror (overwhelming fear and anxiety) and terrorism (the calculated use of violence and “terror” to achieve defined political goals) is a clearly defined distinction.
We won't know whether the motives were to merely terrify, or to achieve terrorist goals, until police disclose the results of their investigation. But the effect on the victims — the dead, the wounded, the grieving, the traumatized — is little different whether the motives were political or criminal.
You can't massacre 10 people on a city's main street — and you can't be a copycat killer mowing people down in a van in much the same way as terrorists have in Britain and France — without having a colossal impact. Terror and terrorism have different motives but similar methods, and Toronto's resilience is likely to be much the same regardless.
Consider how Canada's multicultural reality helps mute the backlash against a massacre, and also makes us a less obvious target for terrorists trying to make a statement. For who do you kill when you kill Canadians, if we are everyone and no one — by which I mean, no one particular people?
As a foreign correspondent, I had to cover suicide bombings in the Middle East with a recurring rhythm: A thundering explosion would shake the ground, followed by the cacophony of wailing sirens, and the sight of dismembered bodies strewn across food markets, or buses, or residential neighbourhoods, depending on that day's terror target.
In Israel, the victims were largely Jews (only sometimes did the terrorists miscalculate when their victims were Arab Christians or Muslims killed as collateral damage). The target was obvious, the method unmistakeable, the terrorism undeniably brutal for the victims and appealing to the perpetrators.
Message sent and received.
In Pakistan, the victims were typically Shia Muslims, singled out by Sunni Muslim fanatics who deem them infidels, and thus demonize them as inhuman: Medical doctors assassinated in Karachi, worshippers blown up in Islamabad, leaving no doubt as to the terrorist and the targeted.
In Iraq, too, relentless terror pitting Sunni versus Shia. In Afghanistan, again, one ethnic group waging war against another.
The fault lines and fractures grow wider with every terrorist provocation and reaction. And eventually reach the West.
In Britain, France, Spain, and America, the targets are also clearly demarcated, for these countries and their people are incarnations of the white West, and closely tied to global conflict zones in proximity, history or the homogeneity of their ethnicity.
Canada may be descended from the same political and even colonial roots, but our people are more multicultural and infinitely more integrated into society than in other countries.
We are a world away from the conflict zones, but not insulated from the fallout. The latest death toll reminds us that the world has changed, leaving no one at a safe distance.
For today's internet is the ultimate enabler, linking every loner to global epicentres of terror — directly or indirectly. Individual plotters no longer require collaboration from terror cells to forge intricate conspiracies that required complex explosive devices and specialized knowledge.
Now a man with a plan in a van is all it takes to mow people down with deadly certainty. In Europe, vehicular terrorists have been lone wolves who were kindred spirits; in Toronto, the terrifying killer may have been a crazed spirit alone in his thoughts.
Either way, it is the new terror, everywhere unstoppable — for no amount of metal detectors, pat-downs, computer searches or water bottle bans can prevent a determined driver from mounting a sidewalk to kill pedestrians, whether on a London bridge or a Toronto street.
Anyone behind a steering wheel now wields a potential weapon of mass destruction, anywhere at any time. The difference is that here in Toronto he can kill people but not turn them against one another.
That is our unique strength. Canadian multiculturalism is a model to the world, an experiment in integration that remains unrivalled.
Now it is being tested, not by the conventional strains of immigration and resettlement, but the unpredictable trials of terror and terrorism — which rely on provocation for a reaction, that we might turn against one another.
That is not who we are, nor who we will become.
It doesn't help that it is called the Bank of England.
Critics who claim the Bank seems more focused on the needs of the financial sector than of the real economy of the entire United Kingdom can also point to the symbolism of its location, smack bang in the centre of the City.
So you can see the appeal of moving some of its functions to Birmingham,...
Miami-Dade Commissioner Javier Souto stands next to the statue of Ronald Reagan with a horse unveiled on Friday, Apr. 13, at the Equestrian Center, which bears the former President's name, located in Kendall's Tropical Park.
Connect To Your Customers & Grow Your Business Click Here
Rethinking The Dollar
Rethinking the Dollar shares thought provoking and timely news on the status of the Dollar. The objective is to promote the importance of alternative education in the realm of monetary literacy. Join me at www.rethinkingthedollar.com for more great educational tools to help you understand the history and possible future of your money.
“I don't think you've ever seen [Jenna] before, but she's incredibly gorgeous, and it's impossible not to fall in love with her every night on stage,” said Hack. At 14, he was on his way to becoming a professional ice hockey player, and at 18, he discovered he could sing. Hack now considers himself a huge advocate of love and the powers behind it. He places his optimism into his performance of Tony, which he played across from three other Marias before Burns.
“In my personal life, [I] don't get to experience love on a day-to-day basis, a relationship kind of love. The fact that I get to do it in the show… I get to really, really pour what I feel a relationship should be into the character, which is really nice,” he said. Burns credited her and Hack's friendship and trust offstage for their professional chemistry. “You're just with each other all the time — you're eating, living, breathing, sleeping the show,” she said. PRESENT-DAY AMERICA The musical's exploration of racism, cultural discord and a fear of what's different is still painfully pertinent today, particularly during a month when the US has witnessed a travel ban on refugees from seven Muslim-majority nations, immigration raids that impacted hundreds of individuals, and conversations about building a wall between the States and Mexico. “I think what's amazing about West Side Story is that it's based on Romeo and Juliet, but once you transcend that into racism, it becomes a modern story. It becomes very poignant and the layers become deeper and the motivation for these characters become deeper,” said McKneely. A lack of understanding and compassion between opposing forces leads to violence — one that can do irreparable harm to people who are not caught up in it. “It destroys love, unfortunately,” he said. Hack worried that this permeating darkness overshadowed the good. “Everyone's always looking at the hate aspect, but we need to look at the love between the two leads, between Tony and Maria, because it's unreal. Those cultures and those backgrounds are so different,” he said. MARIA, MARIA Maria, who has just recently moved to America, is a sheltered character, partially because her brother, Bernardo, is so protective of her. But she's eager to experience whatever life has to offer, naive as she is to the consequences. Burns, stepping into Maria's shoes, comes from Kansas City. It seems like an odd choice for a character whose core identity includes being Puerto Rican. (Natalie Wood, an American of Russian descent, played Maria in the 1961 film.) McKneely's casting choices were restricted by qualities such as operatic training and age range, he said. “It's very difficult to find race-specific actors to play these roles of Tony, Maria and Anita, because the requirements of the roles, vocally, and also dance-wise for Anita, are so high,” he explained. When Jenna walked into the room, she had all the qualities of Maria, chiefly her freshness. “She'd just graduated out of college. She didn't have show business around her. She was just this innocent girl from the middle of the mid-west. But onstage, any actor can portray a character if they're very good — they can transcend race with that,” said McKneely. Burns turned to research — and the experiences of her Puerto Rican co-stars — in order to better understand the role. “That's one of the things that makes acting what it is, is that I get to step into someone else's shoes with experiences that I have not personally experienced and get to tell their story. There's definitely a lot of research and prep that goes into that,” she said. WHERE ART THOU Ask either Burns or Hack which scene is the most impactful, the most resonant, and they'll both have the same response: the balcony scene. “After Tony and Maria meet for the first time, they have that entire scene where they can completely be immersed in each other without having to worry about anyone else around,” said Hack. “Every aspect of it — between the orchestra playing behind us, the lyrics, the words, how everything moves together, it's just such a beautiful scene.” Don't miss it! Tickets to West Side Story, starting from Dh250, are available from dubaiopera.com. More from Events Sia to headline Dubai World Cup's after race
Dubai Jazz Festival adds more stages, local acts
Vikram Phadnis returns to Dubai with Araaish
How to choose the perfect wedding dress
Woman arrested with abuse of vulnerable adult
Columbia, SC (WOLO) — The South Carolina Law Enforcement Division says they have arrested 52 year old Angela Harrington and charged her with abuse of a vulnerable adult. According to authorities, around March 22nd of this year, Harrington was working as a Behavioral Health Assistant when she's accused of grabbing the victim by the hair, pushing her to the ground and kicking her in the back several times.
SLED agents say the incident was captured on surveillance video and then reported to SLED. SLED agents say Harrington denies committing the alleged incident.
She is currently being held at the Alvin S. Glenn Detention Center.
Stay with ABC Columbia News for updates on this developing story.
Islamabad
Enviro is a leading manufacturer of a wide range of home appliances, consumer-electronics and power-solutions, which are very popular in Pakistan too. This innovative company has now begun a series of Iftaar events during the holy month of Ramadan, to engage with its vast network of dealers, located across all the important cities of Pakistan.
The events held so far, included sumptuous dinners held at the venue – ‘Royal Expressions' in Multan. A lavish event was also conducted at the Dynasty Halls in Faisalabad and another one held at the Nawab Royal Restaurant in Sargodha. All these events were attended by large numbers of delighted dealers, who have always played a key role in making Enviro a successful brand. It is a tradition at Enviro to organize these Iftaar events every year during Ramadan, as the company wishes to entertain its dealers, appreciate their efforts and keep them motivated.
The management team of enviros attending these events included; Product Managers from all categories; Qaiser Sohail for Air conditioners, Tauseef Zaffar for Water Dispensers and SDA (Small Domestic Appliances), Shakeel Raja for Hoods, Hobs and Gas products, and Aziz ur Rehman for Power Products.
Mr. Shakeel Raja appreciated the effort of the dealers and stated that: “These events have given us the opportunity to celebrate our record-breaking sales-figures and share these special moments with our dealer brothers. We were also able to personally discuss important business matters in a pleasant environment, as we strive to bond together as one coherent sales force.”
Enviro reiterates its commitment to continue holding such events in future too. After all the events in important cities of Punjab, Enviro will begin the next phase of this campaign, with Iftaar events to be continued all across the Sindh region. Through this vibrant campaign, the company aims to achieve a stronger brand-image and gain more popularity.
Growing rapidly from 5 SKU categories with 15 products till the year 2015, Enviro is now producing over one hundred products in 35 different SKUs. In future, the company plans to venture into 200 products covering 50 SKUs, to expand its market-share.—PR
From MP School Board Meeting
The Mt. Pleasant School board met Monday night. As part of the discussion on budget reduction objectives, the board received a basic lesson in school finance from Supt. John Henriksen. The superintendent wanted to explain how the Mt. Pleasant district came to be in a situation where $800,000 needs to be cut from the general fund budget. Since 2013 Mt. Pleasant has experienced what many districts in the state have also faced….less in supplemental aid or allowable growth from the legislature and decreases in enrollment. But since 2013 no adjustments have been made as far as expenditures. As the board begins to consider where to make adjustments, there have been some teachers and support staff who plan to take advantage of the early retirement offer, one of the efforts to cut the budget. Wednesday is the deadline for any other staff to decide on early retirement.
Sharing agreements created some board discussion. WACO wants to share baseball and New London wants to share dance. Even tho the agreements were approved, it wasn't unanimous. Board members Carl Braun and Chuck Andrew voted no. They expressed concern that there might be Mt. Pleasant students that wouldn't get their chance to participate.
America's Cup Superyacht Regatta action-shots by Studio Borlenghi
14/06/2017 - Bermuda (BDA) - 35th America's Cup Bermuda 2017 - America's Cup Superyacht Regatta - Maltese Falcon, 88m, Perini Navi © ACEA 2017 / Photo Studio Borlenghi 14/06/2017 - Bermuda (BDA) - 35th America's Cup Bermuda 2017 - America's Cup Superyacht Regatta - Maltese Falcon, 88m, Perini Navi © ACEA 2017 / Photo Studio Borlenghi
by Studio Borlenghi today at 2:00 am
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/154618
ISLAMABAD : Former President of Pakistan and President Pakistan Peoples Party Parliamentarians (PPPP) Asif Ali Zardari has said that July 05, 1977 is a black day of our national calendar when a military dictator overthrew a democratic government and executed an elected Prime Minister.
In his message on the 41st anniversary of the military coup, Asif Ali Zardari said, “We denounce dictatorship; we also resolve to banish bonapartism and never allow it to rear its ugly head”.
He said that on this day began the process of decimating the Constitution, nurturing of militants and privatization of jehad.
On this day began the hijacking of the state institutions and erasure of the constitutionally drawn lines between them, the PPPP President added.
He said that on this dark day the PPP warns against dictatorial tendencies and calls upon all state institutions to remain within the Constitutional limits. Chairman PPP Bilawal Bhutto Zardari has already denounced attempts at manipulating democracy and censoring media, he stated.
Asif Zardari said that the PPP also calls for bringing to justice the latter day bonapart who has fled justice after abrogating the constitution in 2007.
He further said that on this dark day the PPP denounces the mysterious stifling of the media and the unannounced censorship as unacceptable infringement of rights of citizens and expresses solidarity with the professional media bodies.
On this day we also pay homage to all those who suffered in the cause of democracy, ‘the nation's heroes and heroines' Asif Zardari added.
Share on: WhatsApp
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Floyd Mayweather Jr. and UFC star Conor McGregor will meet Aug. 26 in a boxing match that will feature two of the top-selling fighters in the world.
The two fighters both announced the fight Wednesday, after months of speculation about whether Mayweather would come out of retirement at the age of 40 to face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never had a pro boxing match.
Oddsmakers immediately made Mayweather a big 11-1 favorite in a fight that will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules.
“It's official,” Mayweather said on Instagram next to a video poster of both fighters.
“THE FIGHT IS ON,” McGregor tweeted several minutes earlier, posting a picture of himself next to one of Mayweather's father, Floyd Sr.
Mayweather, who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of his pro fights, will face the Irish UFC superstar at the MGM Grand arena. He had tweeted a picture of himself sparring in recent days to show he was already getting ready for the bout.
“This is really an unprecedented event,” said Stephen Espinoza, who heads Showtime Sports, which will handle the pay-per-view. “Really we haven't seen anything in modern history that resembles it, it's impossible to predict how many sales this will do.”
Espinoza said the fight came together quickly after McGregor and the UFC reached agreement last month on their end of the deal and Mayweather's team pushed for the fight in recent days.
“All parties were motivated and reasonable and thrilled we could get everything done,” he said. “The sky's the limit on this.”
Mayweather will fight at the relatively advanced age of 41 in a bout that McGregor has been pushing for months. It finally came together and Nevada boxing officials on Wednesday approved the date for a Mayweather Promotions bout.
Though oddsmakers make Mayweather a big favorite, the thought of the fight has excited many in the MMA world. It has also intrigued some in boxing, though most dismiss McGregor's chances under boxing rules against one of the greatest defensive fighters in history.
Even if the actual bout may not shape up as a great matchup, the run-up to the fight will. Both fighters are noted for their ability to sell their fights, and both have exchanged in trash talking and more to promote their bouts.
“As with every Mayweather and McGregor fight part of the appeal is the spectacle and outsize personalities who are participating in it,” Espinoza said.
The pay-per-view revenue for the event would likely gross tens of millions of dollars. It comes less than a month before Gennady Golovkin and Canelo Alvarez meet in a highly anticipated fight Sept. 16 that could rival it for pay-per-view buys.
___
This story has been corrected to show that Mayweather is 40 years old, not 41.
1:14 New Dickies Arena takes shape at Will Rogers Pause
0:43 RAW: Game-winning INT seals the deal for Trinity against Carroll
0:16 RAW: Richland receiver or Birdville defender. Who gets the jump ball?
0:31 RAW: Trinity clawing back into contention against Southlake
0:21 RAW: Mansfield football's UCLA recruit 'introduces himself' to Arlington receiver
2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments
0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards
0:26 OU fraternity sued over injuries to son of former Dallas Cowboys star
2:20 TCU students line up early Friday night ESPN's College GameDay
Complete access to news articles on this website is available to Daily Record subscribers who are logged in. Subscribers may login at the login tab, below. Others may join our audience of successful Marylanders with a subscription today
Caledonia Warriors sophomore guard Noah King has been a man on fire the past two weeks. King poured in a career high 34 points to lead Caledonia to the Subsection title against St. Charles, and then 27 points in the Section Title game against Byron. "That's the best we've shot it all year, and that's a great game to do it in -- the game to go to state," said Noah King. "Our routine was probably about the same as it's been all year. We did the same things, and I guess i...
More >>
In my opinion, for many years our Congress has been almost dysfunctional. Some of the members do not seem to pay much attention to what is in the best interests of “We the People”, but mostly their own re-election.
I believe this problem could probably be fixed if we changed the Constitution to provide for a reasonable system of term limits. This has worked OK for state governments, as well as for the presidency. Could we be any worse off?
Larry Stanley
Wilmington
Talking Smack recap 02/14/17
What happened on last night's episode of Talking Smack?
by Carl Gac News 15 Feb 2017, 20:03 IST
We recap what happened on an important episode of Talking Smack
This week's episode of Talking Smack had a real buzz about it, coming off the back of possibly the best episode of SmackDown Live we have seen so far in 2017. Usually, we see host Renee Young sitting alongside SmackDown GM Daniel Bryan, but after the wild end to SmackDown, Bryan was off attending to his General Manager duties.
Bray Wyatt had just finished the show by pinning John Cena clean for the second time in a few days before Randy Orton told us that he doesn't want to face the WWE Champion in the main event of WrestleMania like his Royal Rumble match win says he should.
As Renee tried to make sense of what she had just seen, she gave us an update on Dean Ambrose being released from a medical facility, after the beating he took on the show from Baron Corbin.
Daniel Bryan then joined the show and began to explain the plans for the World Championship. He said he had spoken to Shane McMahon and they agreed they would have a battle royal for the Number One Contendership to the title to face Bray Wyatt at WrestleMania.
Bryan then began to say that Renee had jinxed SmackDown by saying that they had their main event for WrestleMania was set in stone.
Alexa Bliss
The first guest on the show was Alexa Bliss. Alexa spoke about the situation between her and new SmackDown Women's Champion Naomi, saying that Naomi shouldn't have been celebrating the win after it took her eight years to win the title, whilst it only took Alexa five months to achieve the same thing.
Alexa said that Naomi's injury was only a way to stop her from winning the Championship back in a rematch.
Alexa was legitimately angry, saying that she thinks Naomi is making up the injury to avoid facing her. Bryan spoke about Alexa coming in hot but potentially burning out early. Alexa said she won't burn out because she is the future of WWE, and added that she's not Naomi, she's better than Naomi.
Bryan said she wasn't better than Naomi when she lost the title. Alexa explains she lost the title after not getting any sleep because the Patriots won the Superbowl. Bryan mocked Alexa for stumbling on her words before she left the show.
Up next came talk about the announcement that Nikki Bella and Natalya would be taking part in a Falls Count Anywhere match on next week's SmackDown. Bryan said he made the match because these two women are fighting everywhere apart from in the ring, that keeps happening and they can finally finish this in that Falls Count Anywhere match next week.
Bryan said that if they want to fight each other then they can wherever they want to.
A video played of Baron Corbin attacking Dean Ambrose earlier in the night, whilst Bryan and Renee spoke about Corbin wanting to blame everyone but himself for his failings. Bryan explained he's more upset that he didn't get to see Ambrose fighting James Ellsworth.
Apollo Crews
The next guest on the show was Apollo Crews. Renee asked him about what Dolph Ziggler had to say earlier in the night. Ziggler said he wants to take out an entire generation of talent, including Crews and Kalisto. Crews said he'd confronted Ziggler in the locker room and was head butted by him.
Crews said if Ziggler is threatened by him then he shouldn't have made it personal by trying to break his ankle at Elimination Chamber.
Crews said he's annoyed that Ziggler always resorts to sneak attacks, and added that he was worried he'd broken his ankle and would be out of action for a long time. Crews said Ziggler has now got him to the spot where the smile has gone from his face and Ziggler should be ready for a fight.
Crews spoke about his parents moving to the United States and him being sent to Military High School. He went on to talk about how friendships are a massive thing for him and added that was the reason he stepped up to face Ziggler after he had attacked his friend Kalisto.
Renee and Bryan spoke about Ziggler being a guy that has run into a lot of disappointment and concluded that that's why he's turned out the way he has. Bryan said he knows the frustration that Ziggler is feeling.
AJ Styles
AJ Styles was the next guest on the show. Styles was still annoyed that he hasn't had a one-on-one rematch for the WWE Championship. He said that Shane McMahon promised him that but then he was put into a three-way match for Bray Wyatt's title. Styles said that he understands that Bryan is Shane's puppet and added that that's why he couldn't give him that match. By the looks of it, It seems WWE is building up a Styles-McMahon WrestleMania match.
Bryan and Styles went back and forth about re-matches, before Bryan said the decision is above his pay grade. Renee then asked Styles what he's going to do going forward. Styles said he just wants his one on one rematch before he found out that there will be a battle royal for the spot of number one contender.
Bryan told him that he is in that Battle Royal. Styles agreed to be part of it and said he will win so that he can get his WWE Championship back. Styles is rightfully annoyed about the whole situation, but both Renee and Bryan told him to be patient and he will eventually get the rematch that he wants.
Renee tried her best to make Styles feel better about the whole situation, but Styles just left the show.
The show ended with Bryan and Renee talking about how the whole show is going crazy right now and plugged the big matches for next week's show.
Check out the full episode here:
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
‘Behold, I make all things new …'
A photo gallery of this event may be found HERE. Photos by J.B. Kelly/The Mirror
Drawing from the verse from Revelation 21:5, the theme of this year's Steubenville Mid America Youth Conferences focused on the power of God, His Church, and the sacraments to truly ‘elevate' modern society and all peoples to holiness. More than 8,000 young Catholics gathered together in the JQH Arena on the campus of Missouri State University, Springfield, the weekends of July 14-16 and July 21-23 to ponder that message and celebrate their faith.
Bishop Edward Rice was present for the majority of the conferences and offered reflections to the entire body of attendees as well as to groups representing numerous parishes across the Diocese of Springfield-Cape Girardeau (see July 21, 2017 edition of The Mirror for photos and the text of his ‘baptismal renewal' message given at the conferences).
He encouraged all of the youth of the diocese to attend the conferences, and this year more than 700 Catholic youth from across southern Missouri were renewed and energized at Steubenville.
Gregory Kelly, a recent graduate of Springfield Catholic High School, has been to several of the conferences in years past but commented that the experience “never gets old” for him.
“Steubenville gave me a lift in my faith and spiritual life as it always has,” Kelly said, “and it was an awesome thing to experience it with thousands of youth just like me who need the same ‘elevation' in their own lives.”
Workshop sessions included separate talks for the young men and young ladies on ways in which they can better enrich their faith through embracing the sacraments of the Church and not be ‘conformed' to the modern, secular culture, as well as joint session topics on how to foster a better prayer life and ‘elevate' social media to be a tool for evangelization rather than much of the negativity that can be found there. Each weekend conference was highlighted by the celebration of Mass on Saturday and Sunday mornings, and by a Eucharistic Procession and periods of Adoration on Saturday evening. Opportunities for the sacrament of penance and periods of vocational discernment rounded out the experience. Fantastic music punctuated the entire weekend.
‘What if we become blind to the life that God has in store?'
Prior to the Eucharistic Procession in JQH Arena on Saturday evening, July 15, speaker Katie Hartfiel offered a reflection based upon the Gospel account of Bartimaeus, a blind man, encountering Jesus and being “made new,” being healed by Jesus (Mark 10:46-52). Hartfiel pointed out “frantic emotion” experienced by Bartimaeus upon the Lord coming into his midst, and reflected on “the face of Jesus” being the first thing seen by Bartimaeus upon the Lord healing his blindness.
“When (Bartimaeus) sees the face of Jesus, that's what changes everything for him,” she said. “It's not so much about the fact that his eyes finally worked, as it is about the fact that his heart finally worked.”
“It's not only that he could live a life with sight, but that he could see a life that was worth living,” Hartfiel said. “He experienced a new life, but really what changed for him was a personal encounter with the person of Jesus Christ … he found what his heart was really longing for.”
Listen to more of the conference talks and Mass homilies by visiting steubystl365.com and clicking on the “TALKS” tab. More information about the Steubenville Conferences, an outreach of Franciscan University of Steubenville that also offers events for adults, can be found at steubenvilleconferences.com.
ELEVATE theme message, based on Rev 21:5, ‘Behold, I make all things new'
From His throne in heaven to the depths of your heart, these words of Jesus are an invitation for you to receive the new life that He alone can give. He is longing to elevate your life above the things of this world—to help you overcome fear, anxiety, confusion, and doubt. He wants to break the things that hold you down and give you freedom from sin. He is calling you to follow Him and enter into a transforming experience with His love, grace, and mercy! He can make you new!
It's good to be back home
A conversion story
I didn't want to go to Steubenville! I have a million things to do to prepare to move and sell our house, but Johnna, the leader of our group from St. Lawrence, would not let me out of it. I have been comfortably asleep in my faith for months. Before Easter, I began my first struggle with my relationship with God. I cannot explain the emptiness: I sat in Mass, going through the motions and feeling nothing. I felt dead and empty inside. I have been unable to pray for months, I have tried and it felt so fake and superficial.
I quit going to Mass around Easter. I allowed myself to believe that it was a human relationship thing, like it was the people around me causing my distance. A few weeks ago, I started dreaming about confession, and attending Mass. But I continued to let the distance allow the darkness to overshadow my soul's true desire.
I was waiting … to “get to Arizona.” I had convinced myself that the physical change of location would “fix” things. Oh how I have underestimated the power of the Holy Spirit. What damage had I allowed in my family by denying them the Eucharist. I have allowed human interactions, and pain to separate me from my true Father.
I didn't want to go to Steubenville, but I did. And my Holy Father was waiting to greet me. Through confession, hours of Adoration before the Blessed Sacrament, so much prayer, and the Mass, I was able to reconcile my relationship with God and his Church.
It was so easy to turn away from the faith. Society promotes and accepts me so much more openly when I allow the darkness in and put my faith on the back burner. But it hurts so much, every part of my life has suffered. There is a distance in all of my relationships that is hurtful. People have turned away from me, using my faith as an excuse. Some have turned away because of the person I have become through the separation.
I will do my best to pray and stay reconciled. Most of all, I will pray to remember that although the Church is made up of sinful human beings, I cannot allow my sin or the sin of others to define or change my relationship with God or the Church. I am so glad to have reconciled and be back in communion with our church.
Michelle Browning
St. Lawrence Parish, Monett, MO
Yaum-e-Takbeer, the celebration of Pakistan's atomic explosions in 1998, was observed the other day across the country with a vow to make Pakistan a stronger and better country, militarily and economically, among the comity of nations. The Day is celebrated every year on May 28th to mark the conduction of nuclear tests in '98, making Pakistan 7th nuclear state of the world and first Islamic state to have a nuclear arsenal. These nuclear tests gave a clear message to the world that Pakistan despite being a peace loving country will not hesitate in defending its honour and people in case of any challenge. To mark the day different political and social organizations carried out different programmes in different parts of the country.
SYED SHAFIN AHMED
Karachi
Related
OK, so you're probably going, "Is this like a Noxzema commercial or what?" But seriously, Alicia Silverstone's career has been somewhat normal in terms of how a young, classically beautiful woman is treated in Hollywood. No doubt, when you think of the squeaky clean blonde queen, your mind races straight toward Cher, the plaid-wearing Valley girl from '95's Clueless. Or perhaps to those three, somewhat questionable Aerosmith videos. Or to Batman & Robin — but for the sake of everyone involved, let's not dwell on that.
Needless to say, since #AliciaSilverstone's '90s heyday — the time when just one flick of her locks sent teenage boys into a giant, prepubescent, global spasm — she's hardly been hitting the headlines (unless you count that time she fed her child like a bird, of course). As briefly mentioned above, in many ways her career has followed the path tread by many teen icons: When they're young and typically "hot," they're cast in as many groin-provoking movies as possible — The Crush, Clueless, The Babysitter — but then after bagging a few MTV and Teen Choice Awards, they go on to appear in a number of B movies before becoming marred by critic reviews and sliding off the Hollywood radar. Then, if they're lucky, they'll return to the scene some decades later with a cooler, older "edge," a la Winona Ryder with Stranger Things, Nicole Kidman and Laura Dern with Big Little Lies, Drew Barrymore in Santa Clarita Diet, and the list goes on.
'Santa Clarita Diet' [Credit: Netflix]
And that seems to be exactly what's happening here: Twenty years after Clueless, which, let's be honest, remains her biggest hit to date, Alicia Silverstone is finally making her comeback. While her current IMDb profile isn't overflowing with projects, her next two look like they have the potential to project her into a new arena; one with the power to make you see her in a totally different light.
Firstly though, to say that she's been panned by critics throughout her career is far from the truth and far from fair. Since 2010, Silverstone's work in independent productions has earned her serious credibility kudos: The New York Times said of a 2014 theater performance that she "brings warmth, actorly intelligence, and delicate humor," and Entertainment Weekly dubbed her presence in another as "magnetic." Yet it's rare that the same feels have transferred to the silver screen.
'Of Good Stock' Play [Credit: Melissa Ross/Manhattan Theatre Club]
"A delight" is how The Hollywood Reporter have described Silverstone's performance in upcoming psychological thriller, The Killing of a Sacred Deer, which hails from the absurd, deeply dark humored director Yorgos Lanthimos (The Lobster, Dogtooth, Alps). Starring alongside Colin Farrell, Nicole Kidman and Bill Camp, Silverstone plays the mother of Martin, a sinister teenage boy who forms a bond with his surgeon and invites him into the family home. The results, as you might expect from Lanthimos, are pretty far from comfortable. Here's a taster:
After showing at Cannes earlier this year, #TheKillingOfASacredDeer, which hits US theaters this November, was met with many a fresh red tomato — 73 of them, in fact. And while there seems to be a universal consensus that this movie is the trickiest of Lanthimos's movies to digest, it certainly seems like it'll separate Silverstone from that girl-next-door image many of us still attach to her.
As should American Woman, the second listing on her profile, a dramedy inspired by the life of Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star, Kyle Richards. While Silverstone will play the mother again, this time she's a single, independent woman who's struggling to raise her two daughters. Per Variety's report:
Set amid the sexual revolution and the rise of second-wave feminism, “American Woman” follows Bonnie (Silverstone), an unconventional mother struggling to raise her two daughters (Makenna James and Lia Ryan McHugh) after leaving her husband. With the help of her two best friends, Kathleen (Suvari) and Diana (Bartels), these three women will each discover their own brand of independence in a world reluctant to give it.
The show was greenlit by TV Land in 2016 and is slated for a 2017 release, but rumors suggest it could be pushed back to early 2018. Either way, considering this stars not one, but two of your favorite '90s teen stars — hi, Mena Suvari fans — it'll be well worth the wait.
Are you ready for Alicia Silverstone's return?
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 3:19 pm |
Built Robotics CEO Noah Ready-Campbell next to the company's autonomous track loader, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)
As a teenager working for his dad's construction business, Noah Ready-Campbell dreamed that robots could take over the dirty, tedious parts of his job, such as digging and leveling soil for building projects.
Now the former Google engineer is turning that dream into a reality with Built Robotics, a startup that's developing technology to allow bulldozers, excavators and other construction vehicles to operate themselves.
“The idea behind Built Robotics is to use automation technology make construction safer, faster and cheaper,” said Ready-Campbell, standing in a dirt lot where a small bulldozer moved mounds of earth without a human operator.
The San Francisco startup is part of a wave of automation that's transforming the construction industry, which has lagged behind other sectors in technological innovation.
Backed by venture capital, tech startups are developing robots, drones, software and other technologies to help the construction industry to boost speed, safety and productivity.
Autonomous machines are changing the nature of construction work in an industry that's struggling to find enough skilled workers while facing a backlog of building projects.
“We need all of the robots we can get, plus all of the workers working, in order to have economic growth,” said Michael Chui, a partner at McKinsey Global Institute in San Francisco. “As machines do some of the work that people used to do, the people have to migrate and transition to other forms of work, which means lots of retraining.”
Workers at Berich Masonry in Englewood, Colorado, recently spent several weeks learning how to operate a bricklaying robot known as SAM. That's short for Semi-Automated Mason, a $400,000 machine which is made by Victor, New York-based Construction Robotics. The machine can lay about 3,000 bricks in an eight-hour shift – several times more than a mason working by hand.
SAM's mechanical arm picked up bricks, covered them with mortar and carefully placed them to form the outside wall of a new elementary school. Working on a scaffold, workers loaded the machine with bricks and scraped off excess mortar left behind by the robot.
The goal, said company president Todd Berich, is to use technology to take on more work and keep his existing customers happy. “Right now I have to tell them ‘no' because we're at capacity,” he said.
Bricklayer Michael Walsh says the robot lessens the load on his body, but he doesn't think it will take his job. “It ain't going to replace people,” Walsh said.
The International Union of Bricklayers and Allied Craftworkers isn't too concerned that robots will displace its members anytime soon, according to policy director Brian Kennedy.
“There are lots of things that SAM isn't capable of doing that you need skilled bricklayers to do,” Kennedy said. “We support anything that supports the masonry industry. We don't stand in the way of technology.”
Bichen Wu, center, and Ed Walker use a laptop to determine what a autonomous bulldozer is seeing at Built Robotics, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)
The rise of construction robots comes as the building industry faces a severe labor shortage.
A recent survey by the Associated General Contractors of America found that 70 percent of construction firms are having trouble finding skilled workers.
“To get qualified people to handle a loader or a haul truck or even run a plant, they're hard to find right now,” said Mike Moy, a mining plant manager at Lehigh Hanson. “Nobody wants to get their hands dirty anymore. They want a nice, clean job in an office.”
At his company's mining plant in Sunol, California, Moy is saving time and money by using a drone to measure the giant piles of rock and sand his company sells for construction.
The autonomous quadcopter can survey the entire 90-acre site in 25 minutes. Previously, the company hired a contractor who would take a whole day to measure the piles with a truck-mounted laser.
A Kespry drone hovers prior to measuring stockpiles at an aggregate site. (Adam Crowley/Kespry via AP)
The drone is made by Silicon Valley-based Kespry, which converts the survey data into detailed 3-D maps and charges an annual subscription fee for its services. The startup also provides drones and mapping services to insurance companies surveying homes damaged by natural disasters.
“Not only is it safer and faster, but you get more data, as much as ten to a hundred times more data,” said Kespry CEO George Mathew. “This becomes a complete game changer for a lot of the industrial work that's being accomplished today.”
At Built Robotics, Ready-Campbell, the company's founder and CEO, envisions the future of construction work as a partnership between humans and smart machines.
“The robots basically do the 80 percent of the work, which is more repetitive, more dangerous, more monotonous,” he said. “And then the operator does the more skilled work, where you really need a lot of finesse and experience.”
Built Robotics recently used its automated bulldozer — retrofitted with sensors and autonomous driving technology — to grade the earth on a construction site in San Jose. The project allows the startup to both test its technology and generate some revenue.
“I'm very excited about where autonomous machines could be used in our industry,” said Kyle Trew, a contractor who worked with Built Robotics on the San Jose project. “Hopefully I can use this as a tool to get an edge on some of my competitors.”
Follow Joel Add to circle
Subaru's STI division has a recipe for more fun. Add liberal amounts of better handling, a dash more power, then bring the heat.
In the case of the $50,000 2018 Subaru WRX STI Type RA, the recipe is fully baked. After spending a day with this special edition model—limited to only 500 units in the U.S.—it's clear that it's a better handling, faster, WRX STI that owns a space in the market nothing else floats in.
Here's why.
2018 Subaru WRX STI Type RA Enlarge Photo 2018 Subaru WRX STI Type RA Enlarge Photo 2018 Subaru WRX STI Type RA Enlarge Photo
More direct
Walk up to the WRX STI Type RA and its looks are special. From the gold BBS wheels to the massive carbon fiber wing and roof panel, its dressing is beyond an ordinary WRX STI.
But it's not overdressed. It's still just as easy to live with, despite the aggressively bolstered seats and short-throw shifter. At its base it's a Subaru sedan, after all. Visibility is terrific and that rear wing disappears in the rear window thanks to its profile.
Driving around town, the lower-restriction exhaust setup reveals itself at around 1,500 rpm. It's annoying, and revs are better kept just above that level to avoid the noise.
The baked California city streets stop and the STI WRX Type RA points its nose up into the canyons of Palm Springs, California heading to the Thermal Club racetrack. With just 68 pounds cut from the WRX STI, the Type RA's claim of better handling tests my hibernating brain fresh from Minnesota's snowy climes.
Once on the track at Thermal Club it's clear it wasn't my imagination, the WRX STI Type RA is easier to steer. It's more willing and ready to comply with steering commands thanks to the autoclave carbon fiber roof, which gives it better steering response, along with the updated damping force rates.
Pro rally driver Mark Higgins provided sideways hot laps around Thermal's racetrack, and confirmed my suspicions in Turn 2. “This is just far easier to drive fast around the racetrack (than the WRX STI). It fights you less and responds to steering input far easier,” he said. Expert testimony.
Better steering doesn't just mean it's easier to drive the WRX STI Type RA fast, it means it's actually faster than the WRX STI too. Brother David Higgins lapped Virginia International Raceway 4.37 seconds quicker in the WRX STI Type RA than in the stock 2018 WRX STI. That's a lifetime on a stopwatch.
2018 Subaru WRX STI Type RA Enlarge Photo 2018 Subaru WRX STI Type RA Enlarge Photo 2018 Subaru WRX STI Type RA Enlarge Photo 2018 Subaru WRX STI Type RA Enlarge Photo
The parts
The classic gold BBS wheels have returned on the Type RA, but with more purpose this time. The aluminum forged wheels help shave 17.2 pounds of rotating mass.
Furthering mass reduction is a carbon fiber roof panel (made from autoclave carbon fiber, a special carbon fiber found in aerospace applications) that saves 8 pounds over the standard WRX STI while increasing body stiffness.
Bilstein dampers (History: The Legacy SpecB is the only other Subaru in the U.S. to use Bilstein dampers) have higher damper force at lower piston speeds than a standard WRX STI, and are a mono-tube setup with large diameter piston for improved damping force response.
Fans of “The Fast and the Furious” will be drawn to the massive carbon fiber wing mounted to the rear trunk lid, which saves 6.83 pounds over the standard STI's rear wing while providing more downforce to the tune of up to 116 percent (64 percent more downforce when in the flat position). A front underspoiler adds grip thanks to 21.8 percent more downforce than the standard WRX STI, and the rear bumper vent reduces drag and lift by 0.5 percent. End result? The Type RA sticks like raw honey and is just as sweet on the track..
SpamCannibal – a defunct service that issued blacklists of known spam servers – was hijacked early on Wednesday morning, spewing its own unwanted crap in the process.
El Reg was tipped off by a reader who told us that SpamCannibal is "pumping out Blacklist notifications for some of our servers and then when you go to spamcannibal.org, you get spam." Visiting the site earlier today flung fake Adobe Flash updates at our sandboxed browser, downloads no doubt riddled with malware, so beware.
The site's blacklisting service has been inactive since last summer. The website's DNS name server settings were changed overnight, though, to deleterious effect, security researchers confirmed.
In short: someone changed SpamCannibal.org's DNS so it pointed at a system controlled by miscreants, so that they could lob dodgy stuff at unsuspecting netizens. And requests to check an IP address to see if it is blacklisted as a spam outlet always returned the same result: true.
If anybody uses spamcannibal's RBL, the domain has been taken over and has a wildcard response - so it returns everything as status spam. https://t.co/wBuzpWLjDR — Kevin Beaumont 🐈 (@GossiTheDog) May 30, 2018
"A lookup for 1.2.3.4 on the blacklist would require a DNS lookup of 4.3.2.1.bl.spamcannibal.org. When a blacklist is active, a response (usually something like 127.0.0.1) means blacklisted, no record (NXDOMAIN) means not blacklisted," Martijn Grooten, editor of industry journal Virus Bulletin and sometime security researcher, told El Reg.
"In this case, the new 'owners' of the domain have set a wildcard domain, so that any subdomain of spamcannibal.org returns an IP address. This is interpreted as the domain being blacklisted."
Grooten, who cut his teeth testing the effectiveness of anti-spam products, suspected that the attack wasn't targeted.
"This really looks like a standard domain takeover by some dodgy parking service. Doesn't appear particularly targeted to Spamcannibal," he concluded. ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Kris Singh's Aston Martin Valkyrie painted with moon dust Enlarge Photo
Kris Singh is a partner in a private investment firm who has used his success to buy a spate of amazing cars. So when the Aston Martin Valkyrie became available, the avid car collector made sure he was one of the lucky ones to take delivery of the hypercar. He will do just that in the near future, but his car will be even more special. He's announced a rather unique exterior hue that includes actual moon dust.
According to Singh's Instagram account, his Valkyrie will feature the first paint formula to include an actual space ingredient. Singh said he sourced an authentic moon rock that will be ground and incorporated into his car's Karosserie Lunar Red exterior hue. The rendering above shows what the color will look like when Aston Martin completes the car.
Singh said the idea came to him after he realized the Valkyrie reminded him of a spaceship. So, he decided the final specs of the potent hypercar, which will make at least 1,000 horsepower via a 6.5-liter V-12 and a KERS-style hybrid system, was absolutely worthy of moon-dust infused paint.
The renowned car collector will be one of 150 lucky individuals to take delivery of a Valkyrie. Aston Martin has opened up the customization to nearly endless possibilities, and reportedly even laser scans buyers to ensure custom-tailored seats. Another 25 Valkyrie hypercars will be track-only examples.
When Singh does take delivery, the Valkyrie will join his extensive collection of cars, which includes a Koenigsegg Agera XS, Lamborghini Veneno, Pagani Huayra, Pagani Huayra BC, Aston Martin Vantage V12, and a Lamborghini Aventador.
Grey's Anatomy is back Thursday night for the second part of its 13th season. It's hard to last that long, but it does seem that Grey's is — in the words of a friend of mine — "unkillable." And when you press its viewers on their thoughts about it, you often get a clear-eyed, fully aware evaluation of strengths and weaknesses that add up to a habit that's endured for over a decade.
I tend to be suspicious of fan analysis that's done without asking people why they like things, and I've been a casual, off-and-on viewer in recent years. So I asked people on Twitter who have stuck with Grey's to weigh in on the show's enduring appeal. If you look at that tweet and the many, many responses it received, there are some themes that emerge. One is that these folks are well aware of the show's sillier elements. They know that there's a lot of outrageous stuff going on, and an overdose of catastrophe for any real hospital. They get it.
And in a snacking-on-salty-goodies kind of way, they consume the romantic plots of Grey's for pleasure — that's where you see heart eyes and strong feelings, lots of declarations of which couples are worth rooting for and which are not.
But for a lot of fans, the heart of the show isn't the high-concept impalings and rare diseases or even the special episodes. For a lot of them, it's a show built on platonic friendships — especially but not exclusively among women — that are believable, relatable and familiar. And that's still true even among the high drama of the romances and the implausible plot drivers. The show's enthusiasts talk about these characters feeling like friends, feeling like people they know.
And, of course, they talk about having watched for so long that there's no point in quitting now.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ARI SHAPIRO, HOST:
On ABC tonight, a show returns to complete its 13th season. That is an impressively long run for any show, and just as impressive is the fact that lots of people are still tuning into this one. We're talking about "Grey's Anatomy."
(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "COSY IN THE ROCKET")
SHAPIRO: And our pop culture correspondent Linda Holmes is here to talk about why this TV drama has stuck around so long. Hi, Linda.
LINDA HOLMES, BYLINE: Hi, Ari.
SHAPIRO: So first remind people who haven't watched this show what it's all about.
HOLMES: So "Grey's Anatomy" is a medical drama. It takes place at a Seattle hospital. And it follows a group of doctors and some of their friends and romantic associates as they, you know, battle against the demands of being a doctor and also, of course, kiss and do other things, you know. It's one of several shows running on ABC that's under kind of the umbrella of Shonda Rhimes, who's one of the most powerful producers in television now.
SHAPIRO: She also does "Scandal" and other shows. Lots of hospital dramas have come and gone from television. What's the secret sauce for "Grey's Anatomy?"
HOLMES: Well, the easy answer is that the secret sauce is blood...
SHAPIRO: Ew (laughter), ew.
HOLMES: ...And, you know, any other bodily fluid that you might want to name because they do have a lot of fairly gory scenes and things like that, so the medicine is very exciting. They have a mix of kind of medical stories and personal stories. They have such a big cast that it's been able to kind of rotate through. They can survive people leaving. And Shonda Rhimes has been merciless about being willing to get rid of characters in a wide variety of reasons, to the point where if this were a real hospital, the title of the - of any article about it would be, like, "Doctors Meet Catastrophes Endlessly At Cursed Hospital."
SHAPIRO: You would never go to the hospital because so much bad stuff happens there.
HOLMES: You would - it's cursed. They have had shootings at the hospital. They've had natural disasters. They have had, you know, car accidents of very strange kinds. People get impaled with all sorts of objects - with antlers and poles and all kinds of things. It's very gory at times.
SHAPIRO: So you asked on Twitter why people are still watching this show after 13 seasons, and what did they tell you?
HOLMES: The things that I heard about the most were - one is the diversity of the cast, both in the sense that there's a lot of racial diversity among this cast, but also in the fact that there have always been a lot of LGBT characters, and they've been treated with a lot of respect. The other thing that people talked about the most with this show is this undercurrent of friendships among, particularly, the women characters on the show.
So where you have these catastrophic, kind of crazy external events and you have these very dramatic romances that are very changeable, the constant all the time is these deep friendships among these women doctors. And that is really the touchstone for a lot of people. They consider the - you know, the accidents and the disasters to be unbelievable and dramatic, but they consider the friendships to be deeply believable and real and relatable.
SHAPIRO: I know you haven't watched every episode for the last 13 seasons, but when you do come back and watch it, do you still find it appealing, even all this time after it started?
HOLMES: I do. It is a strongly written and acted show. And as with a lot of things that are part of a genre - right? - in this case, a medical - kind of medical drama - so much depends on execution. I think that if you look at the times that networks have tried to duplicate the Shonda Rhimes formula and failed, you can see how good she is at what she does and how carefully she sets up those characters and balances that reality and unreality.
SHAPIRO: That's Linda Holmes, host of the Pop Culture Happy Hour podcast, on the return of "Grey's Anatomy" in its 13th season. Thanks, Linda.
HOLMES: Thanks, Ari. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
It was a horrible high-pitched squeal that suddenly made us aware that something serious was happening close by. But little did we expect to see a juvenile stoat attempting to kill a large rabbit just yards from the RSPB Campfield Marsh building where we were eating our picnic lunches.
It was certainly one of nature's less attractive moments, but as we were on a four night 'Autumn Wildlife in the Lake District' holiday, then it became one of the major talking points with our fellow guests back at HF Holiday's lovely Derwent Bank Hotel during the evening.
Located on the banks of one of Cumbria's most attractive lakes and just over a mile from the town of Keswick in the pretty village of Portinscale, Derwent Bank is one of 18 UK hotels owned by the company which began life as Holiday Fellowship back in 1913.
Surrounded on all sides by mountains, Portinscale's village name has an odd twist for in old English it means 'Harlot's Hut' – Portcwene meaning 'harlot' and skálitranslated as 'hut' – so you can draw your own conclusion as to what went on there!
Britain's Lake District was granted UNESCO World Heritage status just six months ago which positions it with other ‘must see' iconic outdoor destinations such as the Grand Canyon and Great Barrier Reef and I was delighted to be invited there for a four night stay by HF Holidays.
Following an easy four-and-a-half hour drive from Bedford, I was met by 28-year-old Russell Hedley, our wildlife expert and guide for the duration of the holiday. Now I've met several naturalists before, but Russell's knowledge really rubbed off on our group of ten – which included five retired teachers – his sheer enthusiasm seemingly taking everybody's interest in wildlife to a new level.
Sitting together in the hotel's lounge on the first evening, Russell explained that he intended taking us into coniferous forests and deciduous woodland and then to visit wetland habitats in the hope that we might see plenty of wildlife, although he added that the intended itinerary was always subject to change.
Our transport for the Monday to Friday holiday was a Mercedes minibus driven by Bolton-born Nathan Greenhalgh who, just weeks earlier, had been ferrying the cast and crew of the television drama The 'A' Word around its lakeland location.
"I had breakfast with Christopher Eccleston and Lee Ingleby one morning and they were delightful," he said. "However I wasn't allowed to say anything about the filming or the actual locations as it's all very hush hush."
Our first destination on the Tuesday morning was to Whinlatter Forest, the largest man-made plantation on a mountainside in Britain. It was established between the two World Wars in a bid to replace some of the timber used in the Great War.
We spent the morning searching for the elusive red squirrel and despite seeing plenty of signs – and a few colourful crossbills – our quarry remained hidden apart from seeing one on a live camera feed on television once we returned to the forest's visitor centre.
There were plenty of LBJs – Little Brown Jobs – which I failed to identify with my limited knowledge although we spent our lunchtime watching the bird feeders which attracted dozens of blue, coal and great tits, chaffinches and the occasional siskin plus Britain's smallest bird, the goldcrest.
After that we drove off to the other side of Keswick to visit the Great Wood and Frier's Crag before we walked into town alongside the lakeshore where we watched a huge murmuration of starlings, redwings chasing mistle thrushes from tree to tree, a pair of goosanders, a shy kingfisher and a whooper swan which was being hounded by a slightly larger male mute swan.
In total we walked around seven miles and also enjoyed a hot chocolate at the Keswick Theatre restaurant before returning to the hotel for a hot shower before dinner. En route we passed Keswick's quirky Pencil Museum while that evening we were treated to a talk by Keswick Museum's curator who bought along a huge selection of strange objects for us to try and identity and to guess their age and useage.
The following morning we set out for the Woodlands Trust-owned Powter How where Russell pointed out dozens of different fungi and numerous plants but again the squirrels stayed hidden.
Then it was off to lakeland's most northerly mass of water, the four mile long Bassenthwaite Lake in the shadow of the mountains of Blencathra at 868 metres and Skiddow at 931 metres, the latter being the sixth highest peak in England.
It's only found in Bassenthwaite and Derwentwater, but the vendace is one of the world's rarest fish, having been trapped there after the Ice Age. However as the lake has otters and cormorants on its shores, it could well be even rarer – or even extinct – as their quest for food wouldn't distinguish the vendace from any other fish!
Sadly there were no waders but just a few tufted ducks on show so we headed off to the more impressive seven hectare Dubwatch Silver Meadow wetland nature reserve where we first spotted a peregrine falcon while several snipe rose from the boggy landscape to zig-zag away into the distance.
Given that barn owls are common there, we popped into the nearby Pheasant pub to sample their mulled wine before returning to the meadow as dusk began to fall only to find a couple of owl pellets which were carefully dissected by Russell and the group back at the hotel. It revealed that the owl had eaten three individual field voles plus a tiny shrew in the last 24 hours.
Our final full day saw a change of plan, for instead of visiting the re-wilding projects at Ennerdale, Russell arranged for us to travel north to the Solway Firth where the sun shone all day from a cloudless blue sky and gave us excellent views across the water to Dumfries and Galloway in Scotland.
It was also easily our most successful day of wildlife watching as we saw more than 30 bird species, from various waders on the shoreline like dunlin and redshank to numerous winter visitors like fieldfares and whopper swans. And then there was that stoat which managed to disable the unfortunate rabbit only to run away into a nearby barn every time it let out that high-pitched squeal.
But the little stoat returned at least a dozen times before finally ending the poor bunnies misery with a savage bite to the back of the neck. It then proceeded to try and push the rabbit into the barn only to discover that it was much easier to pull it. It took it at least 20 minutes but it was a Lesser learned and it also reminded us that nature itself can be so very cruel.
Walking out onto the boggy Campfield Marsh reserve on a raised walkway, we spotted three roe deer while our hopes of seeing that elusive red squirrel quickly evaporated. However we were treated to watching a large flock of pink-footed geese and four whooper swans fly in to roost for the night.
Over the three days we had spotted and enjoyed seeing 113 different species of birds, plants and fungi, all carefully logged by Russell who present a list to us at our final evening get-together. Oh! and one thing I had never heard of before was that by reversing your binoculars and looking through the 'wrong' end, they become microscope-like when viewing plants or leaves from close quarters.
DERWENT BANK HOTEL
Located on the shore of Derwentwater in the quaint Cumbrian village of Portinscale close to the town of Keswick, the four-star Derwent Bank Hotel has been owned by HF Holidays since 1937 although it actually dates back to 1788 when it was constructed as Finkel Street House by Joseph Pocklington (1736-1817).
However the house has been sold to various owners since then and has undergone some major changes in appearance, its three-storey original having been deemed 'very ugly' by all who saw it, its owner being branded 'A Man With No Taste' by the locals.
Various wings and extensions have been added and major improvements made by its later owners down the years. But the biggest changes came in the early 1900s when wealthy widow Emily Haigh Edmondson (1862-1936) had several walls removed, opening up some of the rooms while adding a number a dated feature like the huge wooden fireplace which stands proudly from floor to ceiling in the current dining room.
However once Holiday Fellowship purchased it together with its 20 plus acres of woodland garden in 1937, they began adding bathrooms, toilets and extending upwards above the current bar/cafe area, bringing the number of bedrooms to 38 – 23 being twins and 15 singles.
Having undergone a total refurbishment just last year, Derwent Bank has everything you need for an outdoor-style holiday, especially with that separate boot room to help with the drying of the wet clothing and footwear, the entire lakes region likely to suddenly change from bright sunshine to a torrential downpour at the drop of a hat.
There are no particular frills inside the building itself which has a large comfortable lounge, a conservatory and bar while its bedrooms are nicely finished. Our premier room (No15) looked out across the lake with its wooden jetty while other rooms faced the extensive flower and vegetable gardens and the hotel's own bee hives.
All the room are nicely furnished and provide plenty of storage while there is the usual television, tea and coffee making facilities and free Wi-Fi while the beds themselves are particularly comfortable.
Derwent Bank currently has 13 staff members under the guidance of its Spanish manager Mariano Marcos-Granados who has been with HF Holidays for a total of 21 years and has headed up the Portinscale operation for more than a decade.
"I've really enjoyed my time here," he told me. "We've got a great staff and we really try and give our guests an enjoyable experience. They are really loyal to the HF Holidays brand and many return years after year and have become good friends.
"Our head chef João is Portuguese and he looks to use as much local produce as possible. In fact last night's six-course dinner was pretty much all local produce, even the tapas starter of Serrano ham, chorizo and salami were made here," he added.
While local dishes often include Cumbrian Herdwick lamb, English Lakes ice cream together with numerous Cumbrian cheeses, everything else is supplied by local butchers and grocers. Drinks too are brewed and distilled locally with speciality gin now becoming a firm favourite.
However it was the breakfasts that I particularly loved. A bowl of freshly-made yoghurt with honey and granola plus a fruit juice to start with and then a truly memorable Full English – black pudding, bacon, sausage and hash browns, tomato, beans, fried bread and plenty of mushrooms. While there were plenty of other choices all cooked to order, the former certainly set me up for a day of healthy walking and bird watching in the crisp lakeland air!
There's a choice of lunchtime picnic sandwiches – which you pre-order the night before – while you can then load up your lunch bag with fruit, crisps, pies and healthy snacks before setting off for the day.
It's the same at dinner, for you are able to choose the following evening's three-course meal just after you've eaten the current one and before you meet up with fellow guests in the conservatory for coffee afterwards.
One word of warning… on arrival day we happily tucked into warm scones, jam and cream at 4pm but then struggled through dinner a mere three hours later. Just saying!
FACT FILE
Travel writer Alan Wooding and photographer Alan Stafford was guests of HF Holidays – www.hfholidays.co.uk – on their four night 'Autumn Wildlife in the Lake District' holiday staying at the Derwent Bank Hotel on the shores of Derwentwater in the village of Portinscale. The hotel is open year round and caters for all outdoor activities, both guided and self-guided walks plus cycling.
Wildlife expert Russell Hedley has worked with HF Holidays for five years and is managing director of Talks & Walks Guided Nature Tours – www.naturetalksandwalks.co.uk, tel: 07505 149582, email russ@naturetalksandwalks.co.uk
Many thanks to Alison Barr and all at Gough Bailey Wright – www.gough.co.uk tel: 01527 579555 – of St John's House, 16 Church Street, Bromsgrove, B61 8DN for arranging the holiday.
HF HOLIDAYS
All HF Holiday country houses welcome self-guided walkers, so you can enjoy the same diverse array of scenery, culture, history and wildlife as the rest of the guests, but with the freedom to explore wherever and whenever you choose. Each of the houses has a Discovery Point packed with a selection of local walks for you to explore. All you need to do is decide how far you feel like walking that day, pick your route card off the wall, lace up your boots and head off.
HF Holidays is actually owned by its members. Standard membership can be brought for a minimum investment of £100 (100 £1 shares) while Investment Membership means an minimum outlay of £1,000 (1,000 £1 shares) – details at www.hfholidays.co.uk/membership or call 020 8732 1290. Membership itself means various rewards, discounts and advanced booking privileges.
With over 100 years' expertise in creating unique breaks, HF Holidays have devised special courses with experts for Photography, Arts & Crafts, Music, Theatre and Festivals, Dancing, Natural World, Mind & Body, Bridge and Touring. And while the majority of these activities take place in Great Britain, there is the opportunity to travel to all parts of the globe by checking out the website at www.hfholidays.co.uk
The 18 HF County Houses inn the UK are:
Chy Morval, St Ives, Cornwall;
Harrington House, Bourton-on-the Water, Cotswolds;
The Pevril of the Peak, Doverdale, Derbyshire;
Freshwater Bay House, Isle of Wight;
Derwent Bank, Portinscale, Cumbria;
Monk Coniston, Coninstonwater, Cumbria;
Longwynd House, Church Stretton, Shropshire;
Abingworth Hall, Abingworth, Sussex;
Craflwyn Hall, Snowdon, Wales;
Dolserau Hall, Dolgellau, Wales;
Alltshellach, Glen Coe, Scotland;
Larpool Hall, Whitby, Yorkshire;
West Lulworth House, Luworth Cove, Dorset;
Holnicote Gouse, Selworthy, Devon;
Nether Grange, Alnmoutrh, Northumberland;
Nythfa House, Brecon, Wales;
Newfield Hall, Malhamdale, Yorkshire Dales;
Thorns Hall, Sedbergh, Yorkshire Dales.
South Korean shares traded higher late Monday morning as local institutional investors snatched up market heavyweights amid signs of abating tension between North Korea and the United States.
The benchmark Korea Composite Stock Price Index gained 11.72 points, or 0.51 percent, to 2,331.43 as of 11:20 a.m.
(Yonhap)
Large caps traded mixed with market kingpin Samsung Electronics adding 0.85 percent, and global chipmaker SK hynix up 3.91 percent.AmorePacific, the largest cosmetics maker, declined 0.18 percent.Top automaker Hyundai Motor rose 1.76 percent, and its smaller affiliate Kia Motors traded 1.85 percent higher.POSCO, the No. 1 steelmaker, advanced 1.89 percent.The local currency was trading at 1,137.60 won against the US dollar, up 5.9 won from the previous session's close. (Yonhap)
YANGON -- A total of 285 people were killed and 1,073 others injured nationwide during a four-day water festival, the official Global New Light of Myanmar reported Tuesday.
The deaths were 13 more than that of last year's event.
Meanwhile, a total of 1,200 criminal cases were also registered during the water festival.
Among the deaths, 10 were in Nay Pyi Taw, 44 in Yangon, 36 in Mandalay, 26 in Sagaing region, 11 in Tanintharyi region, 37 in Bago region, 11 in Magway region, 20 in Mon state, 17 in Rakhine, 29 in Shan state and 28 in Ayeyawaddy region.
The criminal cases were related to murder, car accident, drug-use, theft, arm possession and group violence respectively, said the report.
This year's traditional Thingyan water festival ran from Thursday to Sunday.
During last year's water festival, a total of 272 people were killed and 1,086 others injured. (PNA)
***
Like and follow SunStar Philippines on Facebook.
Consumers' consumption of fresh produce grew steadily—albeit modestly at about 1.3 percent— between 2011 and 2016. As market research firm Packaged Facts forecasts in the new report “Fresh Produce: U.S. Market Trends and Opportunities,” moderate annual gains will continue over the next several years through 2021.
“Fruit and vegetable producers benefited from steady growth among the U.S. population, as well as from the fact that all age groups have high usage rates, especially Gen X adults,” says David Sprinkle, research director for Packaged Facts. “Fruits and vegetables are expected to continue experiencing growth in niche areas as consumers persist in seeking out novel flavors from around the world. Increases in disposable personal income will support purchases of premium fruits and vegetables, including non-GMO, organic and locally grown types. Also, marketing strategies focusing on health and the delicious taste of fresh produce will help fruits and vegetables to expand their appeal and per capita consumption.”
While there are plenty of opportunities for growth in the fresh produce space, Sprinkle notes that some trends are more impactful than others. Packaged Facts has highlighted six key trends it believes will influence future growth in the U.S. market for fresh fruits and vegetables.
Online grocery shopping and delivery services inducing produce purchases
Millennials and families with small children have busy schedules and often do not have the time to plan and shop for healthy meals. The advent of online grocery shopping appeals to this demographic on convenience, allowing consumers to receive produce and other foods without needing to browse store shelves.
“Produce benefits greatly from online ordering because consumers are increasingly seeking healthy foods, and with the added convenience, they are likely and able to purchase more fresh fruits and vegetables,” says Sprinkle.
Further convenience with meal kit delivery spurring produce gains
Another iteration of grocery delivery is meal kit delivery, which provides all the ingredients needed to prepare a meal in the correct portions. Meal kits appeal mostly to Millennials and Generation X, especially among single people and men. The convenience allows busy consumers to cook and eat healthy meals incorporating produce, while perfect portion sizes lead to less food waste for single people, who might find many produce options available at the grocery store too large for their needs.
Community supported agriculture and farmers' markets grow from ‘locavore' movement
Community supported agriculture programs (CSAs) have existed in some areas for a while, but in recent years, they have taken off throughout the country as consumers seek to eat healthy, locally grown produce and to support local commerce. CSAs involve community members pledging support to a local farm by promising to cover the costs of farming operations, and in effect, becoming a stakeholder of the farm. In return, CSA members receive fresh produce from the farm throughout the growing season.
“Direct sales to community members are beneficial to both farmers and buyers, as farmers can have better financial security through sharing the risks of potential bad crops, while buyers can have fresher produce with more variety than might be available in grocery stores, sometimes at a lower cost without middlemen,” says Sprinkle.
Diet and superfood claims spur produce gains
Consumers increasingly focused on health looked to special diets and fresh items over the 2011-2016 period. Trendy diets such as the paleo diet and the raw food diet emphasize the healthy benefits of fresh fruits and vegetables while appealing mostly to young people. However, most healthy eaters tend to be older, as they have more age-related health concerns. As such, Baby Boomers are a key demographic for fresh produce purchases. Millennials tend to eat less well because they are often too busy to prepare healthy meals, and their youth theoretically comes with fewer health concerns.
“Fruits with natural sugars are marketed as a healthier alternative to sweets such as cookies and cakes that may be eaten as a snack. As snacking becomes more popular throughout the day, ready-to-eat fresh fruits and vegetables represent an attractive option for many consumers on diets as a replacement for sweets and other processed snacks. Additionally, people looking to increase nutrient intake have turned to foods deemed ‘superfoods' as a way to stay healthy, which has increased the popularity of produce such as avocados with both the media and consumers alike,” says Sprinkle.
Exotic flavor profiles heating up the market
Ongoing multicultural changes in the U.S. led to tremendous growth in the market for spicy foods over the past half decade. As adventurous Millennials sought out new flavors, hot peppers became incredibly popular, says Packaged Facts. Chili pepper consumption grew 5 percent annually between 2011 and 2016. Interest in “super-hot” peppers grew as some people took on “pepper challenges.” Less spicy chili peppers, such as jalapeños, gained more mainstream appeal as an increasing Hispanic population and growing interest in Mexican and South American cuisine took off, especially among Millennials. As young people acquired a spicier taste, they used chilis more in cooking and shared their recipe ideas online, further exposing people to the spicy trend.
Capitalizing on the ‘flexitarian' movement
Marketing opportunities exist with meat-eating consumers who increasingly identify as “flexitarian.” Vegans and vegetarians already eat a large amount of fruits and vegetables, but flexitarians who can be persuaded to eat more vegetarian meals or less meat overall likely will increase consumption of fruits and vegetables to get the nutrients that would be present in a serving of meat.
Packaged Facts' latest report examines the current and forecasted U.S. market for fresh fruits and vegetables. The discussion includes key trends driving consumer purchases within this food category, including demand for natural and organic products.
View additional information about Fresh Produce: U.S. Market Trends and Opportunities, including purchase options, the abstract, table of contents and related reports here.
More produce news:
Meijer Offers ‘Perfectly Imperfect' Produce To Shoppers
United Fresh, Western Growers Provide Produce Recall Insurance
Big Y Produce Manager Among Winners Of United Fresh Award
Honey Bee Produce Co. Opens First Store In Draper, Utah
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 Washington 30 18 11 1 37 94 88 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 N.Y. Islanders 29 16 10 3 35 105 99 Pittsburgh 31 16 12 3 35 93 102 N.Y. Rangers 29 16 11 2 34 98 87 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 Detroit 29 11 13 5 27 80 97 Florida 29 11 14 4 26 88 104 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 Buffalo 30 7 17 6 20 64 102 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA St. Louis 31 21 8 2 44 104 78 Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 San Jose 28 16 10 2 34 76 65 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 Dallas 30 16 13 1 33 89 89 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 Minnesota 28 14 11 3 31 83 84 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 Colorado 28 13 13 2 28 90 94 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Saturday's Games
St. Louis 6, Detroit 1
Edmonton 6, Montreal 2
Colorado 7, Florida 3
Tampa Bay 4, Winnipeg 3, OT
Columbus 1, Arizona 0
Boston 3, N.Y. Islanders 1
Toronto 4, Pittsburgh 3
N.Y. Rangers 5, New Jersey 2
Vegas 5, Dallas 3
San Jose 5, Ottawa 0
Calgary 4, Vancouver 2
Los Angeles 3, Carolina 2, OT
Sunday's Games
Chicago 3, Arizona 1
St. Louis 3, Buffalo 2, OT
Toronto 1, Edmonton 0
Minnesota at San Jose, 9 p.m.
Monday's Games
Colorado at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Dallas at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Washington at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Florida at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Carolina at Anaheim, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Edmonton at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Washington, 7 p.m.
Los Angeles at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Calgary at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Florida at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Carolina at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Boston at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Nashville at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Next To The Original, France Replicates Prehistoric Cave Paintings
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eleanor Beardsley/NPR Eleanor Beardsley/NPR
On a September day in 1940 while much of Europe was engulfed in war, four teenagers were walking through a forest in southern France when their dog fell down a hole.
As they called for it they heard an echo. Crawling in to rescue the dog, the boys discovered a cave with hundreds of prehistoric animals painted across its walls and ceiling. It turned out to be one of the world's best examples of prehistoric art.
The Lascaux cave became a popular tourist site after World War II. But it had to be sealed off to the public in 1963 because the breath and sweat of visitors created carbon dioxide and humidity that would damage the paintings.
Now the French government has spent 64 million dollars building a near perfect replica to recreate the original cave — and the emotions of that first discovery.
To see the replica, which is next to the actual cave, you begin outside, at the top of the adjoining museum. Visitors walk slowly down toward the cave entrance. All the while, sounds of the surrounding forest on a summer day are played on speakers. This specific order to the visit, referred to as the museum's sequencing, is important to recreating an authentic experience, says Dina Casson, who was part of the team that worked on the museum's design.
"When you visit the original cave, you're actually walking through the forest with these sounds," says Casson.
Casson says recreating the impression of going underground and coming out again – from light to darkness to light again is also important. One member of her team was allowed into the original cave.
"That was one of the things that he said was so powerful," says Casson. "This sense of being outside, then inside, then outside."
Once inside the replica, the temperature is cool and constant, just like the real cave. As eyes adjust to the darkness there are suddenly animals everywhere.
The more than 600 paintings and a thousand engravings in the actual cave were done 20,000 years ago. Using a laser light to point out details, archeologist Jean-Pierre Chadelle says these early human artists used very advanced techniques.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eleanor Beardsley/NPR Eleanor Beardsley/NPR
"You can see how they used a magnesium pencil for the black horns of this bull," he says. "And for the softness of the muzzle they used another technique. They blow dried paint made from natural ochre colors through a tool crafted from hollow bird bones."
Chadelle used to give tours in the original cave, which he says eventually became a victim of its own success.
"There were so many visitors that people were passing out inside the cave from all the carbon dioxide."
Chadelle says in the 1950s the hole the boys climbed through was opened up so a giant fan could be installed to help circulate the air.
"That's why this replica is almost more real than the real cave," says Chadelle. "Because it has that original hole the boys climbed through."
Guillaume Colombo is the director of the new cave and museum complex at Lascaux. He says the art was so well preserved for so long because the cave was sealed tight — like a cork in a champagne bottle.
"So the cave wasn't affected by sudden temperature changes," says Colombo. "And another reason it was protected is there's a layer of clay in the soil that waterproofs the cave. That's why Lascaux has no stalactites or stalagmites. It's a dry cave."
Standing in the first big room of the cave replica, known as The Hall of Bulls, prehistorian Jean Clottes says the animals don't really represent what these Cro Magnon humans would have hunted and eaten at the time.
"That would have been mammoth or reindeer," he says.
Clottes says the many bulls and horses were likely animals that played a role in the beliefs and spiritual life of these early humans.
There are many mysteries surrounding the Lascaux cave paintings. For example, experts don't really know how long it took to complete them.
"There was a code and a certain style they all follow, so we are pretty sure they were done by a small group, and in just a few years," says museum director Colombo. "But we don't know if it was a few years within a hundred years or a thousand years." Colombo says the paintings were most likely done by a couple generations of painters who passed down the knowledge.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eleanor Beardsley/NPR Eleanor Beardsley/NPR
Such questions can be explored in interactive exhibits in the museum. Each visitor is offered a personalized tablet available in 10 languages. The glass museum looks as if it was slipped into a fault line on the hillside.
Norwegian Thorsen Kjetilis is one of the architects. He calls the museum a link between past and present.
"It is a very contemporary building cut into the landscape and out of the landscape," says Kjetilis. "It's just at the borderline between the vertical forest where the original cave lies behind us, and the horizontally of the farmlands in front."
The whole complex, known as Lascaux IV, is the third and most ambitious attempt to replicate the famous cave. It is precise down to three millimeters thanks to 3D digital scanning of the actual cave. Every nook and cranny is recreated using polysterine and resin, and the latest fiberglass techniques.
Francis Ringenbach led the team of 34 artists who reconstructed the cave walls and ceilings and then copied the paintings onto them. He calls the three-year job "colossal."
Ringenbach says to reproduce the art, high-definition images of the paintings were projected onto the walls and copied pixel by pixel.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy Lascaux Museum Courtesy Lascaux Museum
The painstaking work gave them a real appreciation for the skills of the prehistoric artists. Ringenbach says they had a real level of mastery, and used the surface of the cave.
"These animals are not positioned by chance," he says. "For example, the eye of this bison is not engraved, it's a natural cavity they exploited to make the eye."
Ringenbach says the more his team worked, the more astonished they were.
"Putting ourselves in the context made us realize how difficult the conditions were. They were working in darkness and working from memory to do these compositions."
Ringenbach said the prehistoric painters would also have had scaffolding that was fairly comfortable. "They certainly weren't working on a branch."
At times, he says the copy job became emotional.
"There were moments when I realized that I must be doing the exact gestures and movements of the prehistoric artist. And that's when a little shiver would go down my spine," he says.
By Nick O'Malley | nomalley@masslive.com
The Boston Red Sox head into Game 2 of the ALDS looking to bounce back for them playoff-opening disappointment against the Houston Astros.
Keep it here for live updates that the Red Sox try to even the series. Pitch pitch is at 2:00 p.m. EST, with Drew Pomeranz getting the start for Boston.
With the Red Sox down to Houston to open the American League Divisional Series, we have Jen McCaffrey and Chris Smith reporting live from Minute Maid Park. We'll have analysis from them along with live updates throughout the game (including highlights and other fun coming via social media).
The most recent updates will appear up top. Click here the page to see the latest updates from the game.
WASHINGTON (AP) — After more than a week of partisan bickering and social media-fueled buildup, the #releasethememo crowd got their wish.
President Donald Trump declassified it. The GOP majority of the House intelligence committee released it. And the public dissection of the four-page, GOP-authored document began.
Here are a few key takeaways:
___
WHAT'S THE GIST?
The memo makes a series of allegations of misconduct on the part of the FBI and the Justice Department in obtaining a warrant under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA, to monitor former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser Carter Page.
Specifically, it takes aim at the FBI's use of information from a former British spy, Christopher Steele, who compiled a collection of memos containing several allegations of ties between Trump, his associates and Russia.
The memo says the FBI and the Justice Department didn't tell the FISA court enough about Steele's role in an opposition research effort. The research was funded by Democrat Hillary Clinton through a Washington law firm.
The document also takes aim at several senior FBI and Justice Department officials. Among them is former Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr, who it says knew of Steele's anti-Trump leanings and whose wife worked at the firm behind the opposition research effort.
___
WHAT'S NEW?
The memo provides the first formal government confirmation of the secret FISA warrant and that Page was the person being monitored.
Information like that is ordinarily considered among the most tightly held national security information, and it almost never gets released to the public.
Though the memo takes issue with the FBI's methods, it also confirms that the FBI and Justice Department believed there was probable cause that Page was acting as an agent of a foreign power and a judge agreed — four times over.
The memo fills in the timeline of the Russia investigation, showing that Page was under surveillance for months.
According to the memo, the Justice Department and FBI obtained the FISA warrant on Page on Oct. 21, 2016, and then had it reauthorized three additional times.
Given that FISA warrants must be renewed every 90 days, the memo indicates that the government monitored Page's communications for nearly a year.
___
IT STARTED WITH PAPADOPOULOS
The whole Russia investigation, that is.
According to the memo, information about former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos “triggered the opening of an FBI counterintelligence investigation in late July 2016.”
That's significant because Trump and his allies in the GOP have tried to undermine the Russia investigation by saying it all stems from the Steele dossier.
The memo doesn't provide further details about the information the FBI received about Papadopoulos. But it appears to confirm in part reporting by The New York Times late last year that FBI concerns about Papadopoulos started the investigation.
Papadopoulos pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI last year. Court papers show he had several contacts with people representing themselves as being tied to the Russian government starting in the spring of 2016.
Court papers show that Papadopoulos learned the Russians had “dirt” on Hillary Clinton in the form of “thousands of emails” prior to that information becoming public.
___
THE FBI DID USE INFORMATION FROM STEELE, THOUGH
The memo says Steele's collection of reports “formed an essential part” of the FISA application for Page, but it doesn't specify exactly what information was used or how much.
It also says that the FISA application relied on a September 2016 Yahoo News article, and claims that the information in the article also came from Steele.
The document quotes former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe as telling the House intelligence committee in December that “no surveillance warrant would have been sought” from the FISA court “without the Steele dossier information.”
According to the memo, the application also included “Steele's past record of credible reporting on other unrelated matters.”
___
NO UNDERLYING INFORMATION RELEASED
The accuracy of the memo is hard to assess because the majority of the underlying contents are classified or confidential.
The memo cites an initial FISA warrant application — a document which usually has dozens of pages — as well as three additional renewals by the court. None of those documents are public.
The same is true of the transcripts of the committee's closed-door interviews with McCabe and other senior FBI officials who had contact with Steele.
On Friday, the committee's ranking Democrat, Rep. Adam Schiff of California, took issue with the memo's characterization of McCabe's comments, saying the former FBI deputy director was speaking generally about how any FISA application relies on “each and every component” included.
But the committee's chairman, Rep. Devin Nunes of California, said late Friday on Fox News the description of McCabe's comments is “a summation of a long interview and that's definitely what he said.” He noted that other witnesses have said “similar things.”
___
‘MINIMALLY CORROBORATED'
It's been a burning question ever since the dossier was published by Buzzfeed News last year: How much did the FBI corroborate?
According to the memo, not much at the time the FBI obtained the FISA warrant on Page. The memo cites FBI Assistant Director Bill Priestap as saying FBI corroboration of the dossier was in its “infancy” when the court authorized the first FISA warrant.
It also says an “independent unit” in the FBI conducted a “source validation report” on Steele's reporting and found it “only minimally corroborated.”
But without the underlying documents or transcripts of Priestap's testimony, it's hard to judge the accuracy of the memo's description.
Nageen, IOK
Talking to media after defying house detention, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq strongly denounced the curbs imposed by government in Srinagar and Shopian. He slammed authorities for disallowing Friday prayers at Jamia Masjid for the second consecutive week.
“The joint resistance leadership had announced a march to Shopain to express solidarity and sympathy with the five families whose loved ones were brutally killed in forces' firing but government resorted to its worst form of repressive and undemocratic measures by not only laying a siege at Shopian but turning the entire downtown into a military fortress besides disallowing Friday payers at the historic Jamia Masjid yet again,” Mirwaiz said.—KR
ADVERTISEMENT
Gus Fring is back.
Our first glimpse on Better Call Saul of Breaking Bad's best bad guy — and the only man capable of outsmarting Mike Ehrmantrout — shows him sweeping amiably and semi-visibly while Jimmy stares — with zero chill — at the guy Mike charged him with watching.
It's telling that Fring's first, long-anticipated appearance is smeary and out of focus. That tantalizing flash of yellow shirt and that smudged outline of him standing is typical of the show's trademark nudge-nudge humor and restraint. Jimmy doesn't know that the mild-mannered manager of a chicken franchise is worth looking at, or that he'll be that invisible manager himself in the not-too-distant future. This is a delicious moment: before Jimmy turns into Saul Goodman, and before Saul turns into Cinnabon Gene. We know more than either Jimmy or Mike at that moment. (We even know more than Gus!) That's fun.
It matters, I think, that Gus' first appearance will be lost on people who aren't paying proper attention. Put differently, Better Call Saul rewards us — the attentive viewers who follow in Mike's footsteps. Mike's exhausted, intelligent eyes have been behind binoculars, magnifying glasses, and the telescope of a long-range firearm. His eyes are a model for ours: The show elicits in its viewers the quality it most respects in its characters: a talent for close, patient, almost obsessive observation. Like Mike, we'll fail: The show will outsmart us, and we'll spend hours trying to figure out how. That's fun too.
(Screenshot/AMC/Better Call Saul)
It's no secret that Better Call Saul excels at making things that don't seem fun improbably engrossing. Jonathan Banks can pull a car to pieces, or stare quizzically into space, or shell peanuts, and I'll be riveted. There's a propulsive consciousness powering those banal repetitions, and the banality — which is always beautifully filmed — ratchets up our sense of Mike's mounting frustration. The same is true for Jimmy reassembling shredded documents or Kim editing a brief or Gene cleaning his Cinnabon at the end of the night. The show uses these moments of absorption to communicate something about a character's interiority.
Nowhere is that more true than in the show's portrayal of different forms of work. Regardless of our characters' varying levels of crookedness, the one quality they share is a willingness to work hard. That's why Jimmy's most labor-intensive job — swapping those two numbers in every document in Chuck's file — is so tragic: Chuck's work is all he has, and Jimmy's action undoes it. Pit two smart, extremely hard workers against each other and interesting things will happen.
The show's insistence on work is thematically crucial: Better Call Saul is, in the unlikeliest of ways, a workplace comedy. Mike's competence, for instance, could all too easily be presented as typical Tough Guy magic. Instead, we're treated to a scene of him carefully reading the owner's manual for the tracker Gus uses and fiddling with it as he figures out how it works. Mike is smart. Mainly, though, he works hard.
Better Call Saul might be the story of a sometime huckster trying to make good who will — at some unspecified point drawing near — give up the project of redemption and go full Saul Goodman. At its heart, though, the show is an ode to attentiveness. It seeks out whatever poetry there is in caring deeply about details — whether it's the rainbow Jimmy paints over or the Wexler-McGill "stock market crash" logo he lovingly paints in its place — and zooms into the context that makes that absorption not just legible but entertaining.
Sometimes that attentiveness has direction and energy: Mike's scenes work because we see his desperate problem and we see him solve it. Sometimes it doesn't: Kim's anxiety as she stares at a document throbs in rhythm with her computer cursor. Her fear — what if she accidentally makes the kind of mistake Chuck didn't, but was crucified for? — manifests as a series of pointless substitutions: em-dash for semicolon, semicolon for period. Sometimes the contrast between those modes of attentiveness achieves effects the script can't: The contrast between the camera's painful magnification of the individual pixels on Kim's computer while Jimmy easily paints over the rainbow in the next room expresses the psychic distance between them.
But the most interesting stuff on Better Call Saul happens when attentiveness fails to produce results. The Gus Fring reveal is fun because of how completely it frustrates both Mike and Jimmy's modes of detection — and their ideas of what a criminal underworld looks like. The Pollos Hermanos is such a deceptively clean operation. Jimmy scours it and the camera notes just how few hiding places it has. Mike watches it from a distance, baffled, while Gus sweeps that parking lot, observing and unobserved. It's fun to see Gus outsmart Mike yet again; these are intellectual gladiators. But Gus' return isn't just Breaking Bad fan service: It's crucial that Jimmy falls so hard for Gus' illusion in ways that resonate with — and possibly inform — Jimmy's future as Gene.
Gus Fring runs a fast food empire because it makes him invisible. It's likely not a coincidence, then, that Gus Fring's life looks like what Gene's life running a Cinnabon really is. Want to disappear? Become a manager at a fast-food franchise. That's what Jimmy/Saul learn from Gus.
That's a comparison I hope the show plays with moving forward. The thief's conundrum in this season's opening speaks to the show's interest in hiding in plain sight: The only place he can hide in that mall is the photobooth, a place specifically devised to document your presence. If you really want to disappear, the show says, get in front of the camera.
So how does the camera express the differences between Gene, who's hiding, and Jimmy, who isn't? Better Call Saul's camera has a lot of perspectival flexibility, and it shoots Jimmy very differently from Gene. In the black-and-white portions, it'll film Gene rinsing out sinks from directly above his head. It will orbit his managerial doings in Omaha like a cheery omniscient drone, even invading his lunchbox to gaze lovingly up at him as he reaches for his sad-sack sandwich. Never has a camera been less in tune with its character than the black-and-white camera is with quiet little Gene — it's having way too much fun zipping around, discovering the interesting angles of life in the mall as he slogs away at his duties.
That's one reading. The other is that the camera is so much in tune with its subject that it's expressing the manic desperation of Gene's mind as he plugs away at his work — that its playfulness is the personality he can't express for fear of being detected. We don't get those crazy shots when Jimmy's at liberty to express himself.
What unites Better Call Saul's past, present, and future is that Jimmy simply isn't capable of remaining patient and invisible forever. "Gene" couldn't help yelling for the thief to get a lawyer. Jimmy lost control and barged in on Chuck. Some critics object that this show risks running two parallel shows: a Mike show and a Jimmy show. What knits those halves together, I think, is this interest in attentiveness and patience and the occasions that break them. Everyone in this show is just amazingly patient: not just Gus and Mike but Kim, Chuck, even Howard. Jimmy set a trap for Chuck that took advantage of Chuck's inattention (Chuck is so careful, he had to be literally unconscious when the substitutions were made). Chuck set a trap for Jimmy in turn — one that required so much patience that even Howard feared it wouldn't work. But it did, and it relied on Jimmy being the least patient character in the bunch. Jimmy fell into Chuck's trap the moment he tore the tape off the paint, smudged his logo, and forgot to attend: to why Chuck did what he did, to what he might lose.
Mike, the guy who never loses control, is a crucial foil for Jimmy, who does. There's a lesson in that for the attentive viewer: Will you be a Jimmy or a Mike? Will you pay attention to every clue or handwave the details away? I think we have to attend carefully to "Gene's" swoon as he stares at a spoonful of frosting. Unlike Gus and Mike, the best bad guys in the business, Jimmy isn't a good bad guy. He's a bad good guy. Time to start placing bets on how long he'll remain the Cottonwood Mall Cinnabon's manager.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Network Rail has been fined almost three-quarters of a million pounds by a judge in Bristol after a freight train derailed sending a container toppling down an embankment.
Prosecutors at Bristol Crown Court said the last carriage of a freight train came off the rails because of a fault that had not been properly fixed for two years.
The train driver did not realise what had happened and so the carriage was dragged for four miles along the track approaching Gloucester station, causing extensive damage to the railway line between Bristol and Gloucester.
By the time the train stopped, the rear wagon was severely damaged, the empty container it was carrying had fallen off, and there was damage to four miles of track, signalling cables, four level crossings and two bridges.
An investigation by the Government's rail safety watchdog, the Office of Road and Rail (ORR), found Network Rail had carried out inadequate maintenance to the line for two years – never properly fixing a problem caused by subsidence on the embankment to the west of Gloucester.
A judge at Bristol Crown Court has now fined Network Rail £733,000.
(Image: Office of Rail and Road report)
The fault was first identified in 2011, but despite repeated attempts to sort it out, it was still an issue when the freight train went over the dip in the track in October 2013.
The train was partially derailed when it hit the faulty track around 6km from Gloucester station. The extensive damage was caused as the last wagon was dragged along and the container on the wagon loader eventually flipped over and was sent tumbling down an embankment.
The court heard the empty 5.9-tonne container threw debris onto the road below as it fell.
The ORR said Network Rail had identified the fault, but its short and medium-term solutions had not worked and the long-term solution had not been done.
ORR head of Network Rail Route Teams Tom Wake said Network Rail's inability to remedy the ongoing fault meant it was only a matter of time before a derailment took place.
He said: “In this instance it was extremely fortunate the loose container did not fall into the path of an oncoming train or cause injury to the public as it fell.
(Image: Office of Rail and Road report)
“The fine issued sends a powerful message to the industry that the ORR is committed to protecting the safety of Britain's railways and will not hesitate to enforce action when and where it is necessary.”
After the case, Network Rail safety, technical and engineering director Graham Hopkins told Construction News: “We have come a long way since the derailment of a freight train in Gloucester in 2013, which should never have happened and for which we apologise.
“The derailment highlighted an issue with the network and since then we have developed world-leading technology to detect and manage the type of fault that caused this incident, and have implemented a strong set of initiatives to deliver repairs that are high-quality and robust first time.
“Our maintenance and renewals processes are designed to provide the highest level of safety for our passengers and train operators, and Britain has the safest railway in Europe,” he added.
Photo: Michael Gray/Dreamstime
If you're into water sports, the Ft. Worth Rodeo & Stock Show, motorcycles, The Color Purple, hockey, and penguins, here are your Weekend Thangs To Do In DFW!
Friday – Saturday
Ft. Worth Stock Show and Rodeo at Will Rogers Coliseum – LAST WEEKEND! their Facebook page notes, “It's the adrenaline rush coming over a rider when the bucking chute cracks open. It's the seemingly endless hours devoted to practice and preparation and the goosebumps you get when leading the grand champion steer into the ring at the Jr. Sales of Champions. It's Buck, Sweat and Steers and it's right around the corner – January 12 through February 3 – at the legendary Fort Worth Stock Show & Rodeo.”
Friday – Sunday
Friday – Feb 9
DFW Winter Boat Expo at Dallas Market Hall – according to their website, “Ready or not, the 2014 Dallas & Fort Worth Winter Boat Expo kicks off boating season. Coming to Dallas Market Hall Jan. 31-Feb. 9, 2014. Admission is free on Monday, February 3 for each person who donates four canned-food items to the North Texas Food Bank (NTFB). New this year — the winter expo will open at noon Monday through Thursday for the convenience of the business lunch crowd. Food vendors will have lunch selections for purchase.”
Saturday
Dallas Stars vs. Minnesota Wild – 7 p.m. – American Airlines Center
NOW – Feb. 28
Penguin Days at Dallas Zoo – according to their website, “The Dallas Zoo brings back a cool deal this winter, offering $7 admission Jan. 3 through Feb. 28. Though the temperatures may be chilly, guests can beat the crowds, bundle up and take advantage of indoor learning areas like the Herpetarium, Bug U!, the Jake L. Hamon Gorilla Conservation Research Station, the Highland Hippo Hut and the Simmons Safari Base Camp.”The Zoo's winter hours are 9 a.m. – 4 p.m. And remember, children age 2 and younger and Dallas Zoo members are ALWAYS free.
Have fun and thanks for listening to 98.7K-LUV while doing so!
Muhammad Aslam
Islamabad
DESPITE extensive drilling by oil and gas E&P companies that resulted in over 90 new discoveries in just three years, the much-talked about IP, TAPI and LNG projects are considered the thirst-quenching streams for the energy starved nation.
Now with the concerted efforts of the present government, the decades old projects-Iran-Pakistan (IP), Turkmenistan-Afghanistan- Pakistan-India (TAPI) gas pipelines and import of Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) – are almost in practical phase. Last year has already seen LNG's import, while work on TAPI began in December, 2015. Similarly, the IP project will hopefully commence this year after amendment in the gas sale-purchase agreement with Iran.
Critics believe it or not, there is light at the end of the tunnel as setting sun of 2017 will see end to this crippling legacy of the previous years when energy shortages started to hit the country slowly and steadily.
In Pakistan, the gas supply-demand gap has reached 4 Billion Cubic Feet per Day (BCFD) as total gas demand of the country is 8 BCFD against total supply of 4 BCFD. Needless to say, in winter, the demand rapidly increases.
“The country has no option other than to import gas whether it is LNG or through IP and TAPI pipeline projects as its existing reserves are depleting and there is no major find since long,” Secretary Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Resources said while addressing a seminar titled “Transparency in public sector: An appraisal.”
The present government, he said, was eyeing on imported gas besides accelerating local oil and gas exploration and production (E&P) activities to meet the ever-growing energy needs in the country.
Commenting on IP project, official sources in the Ministry revealed that the government was in the process of negotiating amendments in the Gas Sale Purchase Agreement (GSPA) with Iran for early implementation of the much-delayed project, which was conceived in mid-1950s.
“A draft amendment has been shared with Iran, and it has agreed to negotiate on it along with some other amendments in the GSPA, following which construction work on the pipeline is expected to commence soon in collaboration with China,” the sources aware of the project updates said.
Sharing details of the project, the sources said Inter- Governmental Framework Declaration was signed between the two countries on May 24, 2009, while GSPA had been agreed on June 2009. Subsequently, Pakistan issued sovereign guarantee on May 28, 2010. The project consultant was appointed on April 11, 2011, while the design, feasibility, route survey and other formalities of the project were completed on September 8, 2012.
The 56-inch diameter pipeline will start from South Pars gas field in Iran and end at Nawabshah, covering a distance of around 1,931 km with 1,150 km portion in Iran and 781 km in Pakistan. The 750 mmcfd gas flow in the IP pipeline is projected to help generate around 4,000 MW electricity ALSO, along with creating job opportunities in backward areas of Balochistan and Sindh, the sources said.
Commenting on TAPI project, the sources said Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif along with other regional leaders performed the groundbreaking of the Turkmenistan-Afghanistan-Pakistan-India (TAPI) gas pipeline project in Turkmenistan in December last.
The groundbreaking ceremony took place near the city of Mary in the southeastern part of the central Asian country, close to the giant Galkynysh gas field which is meant to provide gas for the 1,814-kilometre (1,127-mile) link.
The $10 billion pipeline, from Turkmenistan via Herat, Kandhar, Chaman, Quetta and Dera Gazi Khan to Multan and onwards to India, is expected to be operational by 2019.
A state-owned company of Turkmenistan is the consortium for the TAPI and overseeing coordination in the construction, financing, ownership and operation of the project.
As per the agreement, it was prerequisite for Pakistan, India and Afghanistan to have five per cent shares each in the project. Turkmengaz, leader of the consortium, would have 51 per cent shares, with the rest marked for partner countries
It is pertinent to mention here that Pakistan is already working on laying a 42-inch diameter 700-kilometer gas pipeline from Gwadar to Nawabshah, and a 1122-kilometer north-south (Karchi- Lahore) gas pipeline that can be used for supply the both regassified LNG and imported gas under IP and TAPI.
On LNG import, the official sources said this year Pakistan signed a 15 year agreement with Qatar to import up to 3.75 million tonnes of LNG a year, which was being highly appreciated by the business community as the previous governments had been reluctant to take any practical step in this regard.
Another excellent entry of 750 sheep at Swatragh on Saturday, 15th April witnessed a solid lamb trade.
Several pens of heavy lambs sold well in excess of £91.50 each to a top rate of £93.50, middleweight lambs sold to £90.00 for 23.75kg, Ewes sold to £112 with over 200 on offer while Ewes and Lambs sold to £162.00.
Sample prices:
Heavyweight Lambs: Magherafelt Producer 2 Lambs 26kg at 93.50 =360p; Maghera Producer 1 Lamb 27kg at 93.00 = 344p; Limavady Producer 7 Lambs 27kg at 92.50 =343p; Kilrea Producer 2 Lambs 27kg at 92.50; = 343p; Ballymena Producer 1 Lamb 26kg at 92.00 =354p;Swatragh Producer 1 Lamb 30kg at 92.00 =307p;Portglenone Producer 2 Lambs 26kg at 91.50 = 352p;
Middleweight Lambs; Portglenone Producer 13 Lambs 23kg at 85.00 = 370p; Maghera Producer 2 Lambs 21.5kg at 72.00 = 335p; Maghera Producer 9 Lambs 23.75kg at 90.00 = 379p; Maghera Producer 9 Lambs 23.75kg at 90.00 = 379p
Ewes; Magherafelt Producer 1 Texel at 112.00.
PRODUCER INCENTIVE: £100 Farmware Supplies Voucher to be won every month at both sheep and cattle marts.
Otto, 6, and Daisy, 4, Maiden, of Eltham at the Upcycle Your Holiday school holiday event at the Lismore Recycling & Recovery Centre.
Otto, 6, and Daisy, 4, Maiden, of Eltham at the Upcycle Your Holiday school holiday event at the Lismore Recycling & Recovery Centre. Marc Stapelberg
Photos View Photo Gallery
Lismore City Council's fourth annual Upcycle Your Holidays event was held on Tuesday offering free educational fun during the school holidays.
Visitors were able to explore, create and build in a series of fun activities while learning more about recycling and our local native plants and animals.
"This is a wonderful free family event for all ages," said Environmental Strategies officer Barbara Jensen.
"We are very proud of our recycling facility and the many ways we recycle our community's waste, from glass and organics to polystyrene and old household items," she said.
"People who visit us here and take our tours are always blown away at what we show them, from the solar panels that generate electricity and run the electric pool car to the phytocap over our old landfill, which is growing habitat and acting as a carbon sink.
Recycling holiday fun: Lismore City Council's fourth annual Upcycle Your Holidays event was held on Tuesday offering free educational fun during the school holidays.
"Visitors are always surprised at what they learn and how complex and interesting recycling can be."
Upcycle Your Holidays saw a selection of activities including touring the recycling facility, operating a garbage truck, meeting the stingless bees, making beeswax wrap, learning about water with the Catchment Model, getting to know more about koalas, building a cubby, and investigating the native plants and gardens.
The Lismore Revolve Shop was also open for second-hand treasure hunting, and bags of $5 compost were available for home gardeners.
Firefighters in North Yorkshire had to remove wall panels as they tackled one of two reported log burner fires.
Crews from Stokesley and Coulby Newham were called to the village of Great Busby in Hambleton shortly after 6pm yesterday.
Reports had been received of smoke coming from the roof of a property in Busby Lane.
A spokesman said: "Crews removed walled panels to expose the seat of the fire which was smouldering and dampened the fire down using a hose reel.
"Crews used a triple extension ladder, lighting, small tools and a Dewalt saw also."
Around 90 minutes later, crews from Harrogate were called to second report of a log burner on fire in High Street, Hampsthwaite.
The spokesman said: "This turned out to be a collection of logs next to the log burner smouldering and not the log burner itself.
"Crews used a hose reel to dampen down the logs and used a thermal imaging camera to check for further hot spots."
President Obama is wrapping up his presidency with a farewell speech in his hometown of Chicago next week, the White House announced Monday. The speech, slated for Jan. 10 at convention center McCormick Place, will give the outgoing president a "chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here," Obama wrote in an email to supporters.
Obama noted that he'll be heeding a "precedent" set by George Washington in 1796 by "penning a farewell address to the American people." Though Obama said he is "just beginning to write [his remarks]," he is already certain he will discuss some of the "core questions" about American values. "Since 2009, we've faced our fair share of challenges, and come through them stronger," Obama wrote in the email. "That's because we have never let go of a belief that has guided us ever since our founding — our conviction that, together, we can change this country for the better."
President-elect Donald Trump will take office on Jan. 20, ten days after Obama's farewell speech. Becca Stanek
They followed the men to downtown Toronto and were met by city police.
Around 3:30 p.m., one of the suspects was arrested after he walked out of a condominium and a subsequent search revealed a baggy with loose ammunition.
Partridge was there with his police dog, Lex, to help if needed. Officers spotted two other suspects, who bolted with police following, court heard.
One officer ran after one of the suspects who eventually stopped running and lay face down in an alley. Partridge and his dog were well behind in the chase.
The suspect, Median Jackson, is seen in surveillance video lying on the ground for about two minutes as an officer stands nearby waiting for someone to arrive with handcuffs, court heard.
Partridge did not know the suspect was on the ground obeying the officer's orders when he yelled out ``Police, K9, you're under arrest, come out,'' court heard.
Almost immediately, Partridge released the dog before he knew Jackson's whereabouts. The dog bit down on Jackson's arm and began thrashing its head back and forth, video evidence showed.
"He was too hasty in siccing the dog on the suspect,'' the judge said.
Court heard Wednesday that it was the first time Partridge had released his dog during his nine months in the K9 unit.
"Clearly this incident indicates a need for more thorough and intensive training in the use of police dogs in such circumstances as well as in the procedures that officers should resort to when pursuing and apprehending suspects resisting arrest,'' Brownstone said.
"It is hoped all police officers can learn from this incident in order to prevent recurrence.''
York police did not agree with the judge.
"In our respectful opinion, Const. Partridge engaged in a course of conduct that was contrary to the training he received as a member of York Regional Police,'' Chief Eric Jolliffe said in a statement.
Toronto police opened an investigation into the arrest and eventually laid the charges late last year.
Police charged Jackson with one count of break and enter and breach of probation, but both were later dropped due to Partridge's actions.
Partridge still faces three allegations of misconduct under the Police Services Act and remains suspended with pay until the case is heard.
The judge ordered Partridge 12 months probation and to participate in training programs. He will not have a criminal record.
Outside court, Partridge's lawyer, William MacKenzie, said his client feels bad about the incident, but wants to return to the force and continue his career.
"With the benefit of hindsight, it was unnecessary, but certainly in the circumstances it was, from my perspective, understandable,'' he said.
Note to readers: This is a corrected story. An earlier version carried incorrect attribution for a quote from the chief of York regional police.
By Liam Casey, The Canadian Press
© Zest Magazine
On Tuesday, the Alabama House passed a bill that aims to stop adults from smoking tobacco products in a motor vehicle while any minors are present. Birmingham-Democrat State Rep. Rolonda Hollis filed HB26 in an effort to protect minors who cannot protect themselves from harmful tobacco products."We aren't saying you can't smoke, and we aren't saying what to do with your body," Hollis told AL.com. "We just want to look out more for the kids."Hollis was inspired on a date night with her husband, he lit a cigarette in the car while they were out and Hollis said she could hardly breathe."If I can barely breathe, I'm sure children can barely breathe," said Hollis.According to the American Lung Association 41,000 people in the U.S. die every year from second-hand smoke, and children who are exposed to it are at risk for heart disease, lung disease, and lung cancer. Secondhand smoke is also a known cause of sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) and children are more likely to have lung problems, ear infections and worse asthma from being exposed to it.If the bill passes through the senate, Alabama would be one of only nine states to enact a smoking ban with children in the car. According to the American Nonsmokers Rights' Foundation these are the current smoking bans in the U.S.:
Bitcoin Doesn't Exist – 5 by
Chapter 1 of this five-part series by Dr. D is here: Bitcoin Doesn't Exist – 1
Chapter 2 is here: Bitcoin Doesn't Exist – 2
Chapter 3 is here: Bitcoin Doesn't Exist – 3
Chapter 4 is here: Bitcoin Doesn't Exist – 4
Next up: all 5 chapters combined in one big essay.
Dr. D: Bitcoin can be stolen. Although “Bitcoin” can't be hacked, it's only software and has many vulnerabilities. If held on an exchange, you have legal and financial risk. If held at home, you could have a hard drive fail and lose your passwords. If it's on a hardware fob like a Trezor, the circuits could fail. For a robust system, computers themselves are pretty fragile. You could write down your passwords on paper, and have a house fire. You could print out several copies, but if any of the copies are found, they have full access to your account and stolen without you knowing. You could have your passwords stolen by your family, or have a trojan take a screen or keystroke capture.
Hackers could find a vulnerability not in Bitcoin, but in Android or AppleOS, slowly load the virus on 10,000 devices, then steal 10,000 passwords and clear 10,000 accounts in an hour. There are so many things that can go wrong, not because of the software, but at the point where you interface with the software. Every vault has a door. The door is what makes a vault useful, but is also the vault's weakness. This is no different than leaving blank checks around, losing your debit card, or leaving cash on your dashboard, but it's not true that there are no drawbacks. However the risks are less obvious and more unfamiliar.
Bitcoin isn't truly anonymous. If someone, the NSA, wanted to track your drug purchases on SilkRoad, they could follow the router traffic, they could steal or work out your keys, they could eventually identify your wallet, and from there have a perfect legal record of all your transactions. Defenders will say that wallets are anonymous, that like Swiss accounts, we have a number, but not a name, and you can create new numbers, new wallets endlessly at will. Fair enough, but if I can see the transfers from the old to the new, it can be tracked. If I can get your account number by any means, I can see the flows. To some extent it's speculation because we don't know what technology they have available to crack codes, to see into routers, Internet traffic and servers.
Could there be a hidden exploit not in “Bitcoin” but in AES256 or the Internet itself? Maybe. Are there secret code-breaking mainframes? Possibly. But given enough interest, we can be sure that they could always get a warrant and enter your house, hack your computer, and watch your keyboard. However, this is no different than cash. If necessary, they can already track every serial number of every bill as it leaves an ATM or a drug sting. Then you follow those serial numbers as they are deposited and reappear. I expect Bitcoin is not very different, and like cash, is only casually anonymous. But is this a problem with cash? Or with Bitcoin? Your intent as a citizen is to follow the law, pay your taxes, and not hurt others. If government or other power centers are willing to expend that much effort to track you, perhaps the problem should be addressed with proper oversight on warrants and privacy.
Bitcoin is slow and expensive. Very true. Bitcoin Core has gotten so outsized from its origins that it may soon cost $5 to buy a $1 coffee and 48 hours to confirm the purchase. That's clearly not cheaper, faster, OR better. It's worse: far, far worse. Nor can it improve. Since Blockchain writes the ledger, the longer the ledger, the bigger it is. Technically, it can only clear a few transactions per second. This problem may not doom it, but it would relegate it to only huge, slow transactions like moving container ships. That is, a form of digital gold note. We don't actually ship gold or whatever to pay for transactions; it just sits in the background, an asset. Per Satoshi, Bitcoin is a “Digital Asset.”
And the core team seems to like this more secure, higher value direction, where these obstacles are acceptable. But without a larger, deeper market, it's the plaything of billionaires and then who sets the price? It becomes another experiment, an antique. Luckily, the story doesn't stop there. Because it's only software, you can always change it if you can convince the participants to use the new version. Bitcoin Cash is a fork that is larger, faster, and cheaper, reducing the limitations for now. And it can become Segwit2 or Cash2 later if the community agrees. But by design Bitcoin is not meant to be instant nor free, and probably never will be. Like gold, it is meant to be expensive, vaulted, and rarely moved. If you want fast and cheap, LiteCoin, Dash, and many others are vying to be the digital silver or digital payment card. That's not very different from the gold standard, or even payments today.
loading...
Sharing is caring!
CLAIM
Taking one or more rides on the Big Thunder Mountain roller coaster at Walt Disney World can help dislodge kidney stones.
UNPROVEN
RATING
UNPROVEN
ORIGIN
Ask anyone who has experienced a urinary blockage due to kidney stones and they will tell you there is nothing fun or remotely pleasant about the experience. Caused when salt and mineral residues form small “stones” inside the kidneys that move and become stuck in the ureter (the passageway via which urine passes from the kidneys to the bladder), a kidney stone blockage often results in severe pain, bleeding, nausea, and vomiting.
Sometimes, especially when the stones are small, they eventually pass through the ureter and are excreted without medical intervention. Larger stones usually require treatment, which may involve one or more of the following: medication to relax the walls of the ureter; extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy (ESWL) to break up the stones into smaller pieces so they can pass in the urine; ureteroscopy, a minimally invasive surgery in which a small tube is inserted into the urinary tract to break up the stones and remove them; or a surgical procedure to excise the stones if they are very large.
Or, according to urologist and professor emeritus in the Department of Osteopathic Surgical Specialties at Michigan State University Dr. David Wartinger, DO, you could consider the lower-cost alternative of taking a ride on the Big Thunder Mountain roller coaster at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida and letting the force of gravity do the work.
Wartinger made a media splash in September 2016 by publishing a study in the peer-reviewed Journal of the American Osteopathic Association stating that experiments he performed using a lifelike silicone model of the human urinary tract confirmed that “roller coaster facilitation of calyceal renal calculi passage” (i.e., taking a roller coaster ride to facilitate the passage of kidney stones) may be a feasible alternative to standard medical treatment in some cases.
Predictably, the news also made the social media rounds in the simplified form of an image macro:
Wartinger explained how the research came to pass in an interview with the Michigan State University publication MSU Today:
“Basically, I had patients telling me that after riding a particular roller coaster at Walt Disney World, they were able to pass their kidney stone,” Wartinger said. “I even had one patient say he passed three different stones after riding multiple times.” This resulted in Wartinger going out and testing the theory. Using a validated, synthetic 3D model of a hollow kidney complete with three kidney stones no larger than 4 millimeters inserted into the replica, he took the model in a backpack on Big Thunder Mountain at the theme park 20 times. His initial results verified patient reports. “In the pilot study, sitting in the last car of the roller coaster showed about a 64 percent passage rate, while sitting in the first few cars only had a 16 percent success rate,” Wartinger said.
The anecdotal reports Wartinger said he heard from patients resembled ones noted by a Taiwanese urologist in a February 2009 article in Taiwan Today News:
Chu Lang-hsuan, a doctor in the Department of Urology of Taichung Hospital, said on Thursday that after accompanying a group of Rotary students bungee jumping over winter vacation, a chaperone suddenly had severe pain in the back and stomach about 10 minutes after the activity. Upon his return to Taichung, he went for a medical examination, where blood studies and X-rays gave a preliminary indication that a kidney stone had lodged in the urethra. The stone was about 0.6 cm in size, and was broken up using extracorporeal shock waves, after which the man was able to pass it. The doctor suspects that the stone moved from the kidney into the ureter during the free fall activity. Chu says that when he started asking around, he discovered that another 30-something man had come into the hospital three years ago on four occasions for the same sort of complaint. Each time, shortly prior to the onset of the pain, he had been riding a roller coaster with his children. After going to the hospital, the man was told each time that a kidney stone had lodged in a ureter. Could it be that activities involving free fall can be helpful in passing kidney stones?
One of the more interesting findings Wartinger reported was that out of the three Disney World roller coasters he and his co-researcher tried, only one achieved the desired result:
“In all, we used 174 kidney stones of varying shapes, sizes and weights to see if each model worked on the same ride and on two other roller coasters,” Wartinger said. “Big Thunder Mountain was the only one that worked. We tried Space Mountain and Aerosmith's Rock ‘n' Roller Coaster and both failed.” Wartinger went on to explain that these other rides are too fast and too violent with a G-force that pins the stone into the kidney and doesn't allow it to pass. “The ideal coaster is rough and quick with some twists and turns, but no upside down or inverted movements,” he said.
In interviews, Wartinger went further than simply reporting the results of his study, to the point of proposing a roller coaster ride as an alternative non-medical remedy for kidney stones:
If you have a kidney stone, but are otherwise healthy and meet the requirements of the ride, patients should try it. It's definitely a lower-cost alternative to health care.
We hasten to point out that Dr. Wartinger was not recommending foregoing diagnosis or treatment by a medical professional in favor of a roller coaster ride. Note, too, that the research was not conducted using actual human subjects, but rather a urinary tract simulator (though the kidney stones used were real). Nor, in the absence of any follow-up studies confirming the results, should this study be considered conclusive.
Wartinger said as much himself in comments quoted in Slate shortly after the study was published: “This is the validation model for getting the attention to do the human trial.”
All we really have, to date, is preliminary evidence suggesting that a ride on Disney World's Big Thunder Mountain roller coaster may help some patients spontaneously pass kidney stones (specifically, “very small stones,” according to a urologist unconnected to the research consulted by the New York Times in 2016).
We reached out to Dr. Wartinger for further comment but had not heard back by publication time.
After His Family Fled Persecution, Rohingya Refugee Dreams Of His Homeland
The Rohingya, a Muslim minority in Myanmar, have been fleeing persecution for decades. NPR has the story of one man, who's never even seen his homeland but would like to someday.
Be Inquisitive During The Interview
Interviewees sometimes make the mistake of asking about the interviewer's personal life and history. While it might be important to create rapport, that is not the best approach. Instead, you should ask about the internship itself. Show the interviewer that you have intellectual curiosity about the position.
Understand The Company
Most employers are not interested in hiring someone who just wants a job. The same principle can be applied to interning. If you want to intern for a company, you will need to take an interest in that company. Research their stock portfolio, their history, competitors, and more. A few minutes browsing their website is not good enough.
Be Eager
Companies want interns who are enthusiastic about working for them. If you feel a little on the fence, try to meditate on some one of the benefits of interning for that company. Let your enthusiasm shine during the interview. If they ask you when you are ready to start, tell them you are known that you want this and you can start immediately.
Demonstrate An Understanding of The Industry
There are a lot of college graduates who really do not understand their own industry as well as they should. Companies want interns who are preparing to enter into the job market and understand their discipline. Just do not go into the interview rusty. Prepare as if they are going to quiz you.
Learn The Mission Statement
Learn it and use some of the parlance during your interview. This will accomplish two things. First, it will show that you took the time to learn about the company. Second, it will demonstrate that your interests and abilities align with the direction of the company.
Share Relevant Interests
Okay, if you own a baseball card collection, they probably do not need to know that (unless you are interning with the Yankees). But if you have a personal blog related to the industry, tell them about it. It will be evidence of passion for the topic.
Talk To People At The Interview
That is not to say that you should make the rounds and treat it like a social gathering. But if you happen to run into a recognizable face, like the CEO or some other executive, say hello and introduce yourself. Then you will become a familiar face. The CEO might even ask about whether they are bringing you on!
Find A Database of Internships
You do not have to look for fliers in your dorm room to find an internship. The internet has several large catalogs of internships. Many of these sites allow you to filter for location and industry. Once you find a few, fill out the applications and start your research on these companies.
Think About Your Experience
If you cannot think of relevant credentials, you might be looking in the wrong place. A few classes that you took and got a lot of might count as experience. Think of extracurricular activities, your personal blog, or even high test scores.
Balancing Speed And Efficiency In Your Resume
The last thing that you want is to submit your resume after the deadline. You should complete it quickly and send them everything that they request without delay. At the same time, that is not to say that you should be sloppy. Your resume and maybe a cover letter is all that they know about you. If they see spelling and grammar errors, they are going to think that you are unprofessional. Check the resume over a few times and then send it in.
Inquire About Permanent Opportunities
Unless you really excel in your internship, you probably should not expect a full time position to come of it. But it would not hurt to ask. In fact, it would show enthusiasm.
Finding an internship can be an intimidating endeavor. But if you apply yourself and follow these guidelines, you will be getting a positive phone call.
ADVERTISEMENT
Last year was full of surprises: The United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union, despite confident predictions that it would remain. Donald Trump won the U.S. presidential election, after polls predicted Hillary Clinton's sure ascension.
So you'll forgive me if I'm hesitant to proclaim it impossible that Marine Le Pen, the leader of France's right-wing populist National Front, could win the French presidential election this spring. Right now, the smart money is still bet against her. But lately, everything has been turning up Marine.
Her most capable antagonist, conservative candidate François Fillon, has been engulfed in a never-ending scandal surrounding his decision to put his wife on his payroll as a parliamentary aide, paying her a generous salary for not much work. This is hitting his poll numbers pretty hard.
And now, an increasing number of riots in France's suburbs threaten to change the character of the election entirely. In early February, a young black man alleged that he had been raped by police after a routine police check. The incident put him in the hospital. The four officers involved were investigated for assault or rape, but have not been formally charged with a crime. An internal police investigation declared the incident, which involved a police baton, "an accident."
Now, young people, many of them immigrants and minorities, are rioting against police brutality, burning cars, and attacking authorities in the country's housing projects, which, as The Guardian explains, "are home to many immigrants and where the poverty and unemployment rates match the high levels of hopelessness and frustration." Nearly 250 arrests have been made.
This is a political godsend for Le Pen, who campaigns on an anti-immigrant, tough-on-crime platform.
Let's back up a bit. Back in 2005, urban violence erupted after the suspicious death of a teenager who was running away from police. The chaos lasted for weeks, and many are concerned these new riots could become a repeat of 2005.
It is hard to get an accurate report of how out of hand these new riots are. The French right-of-center publication Le Figaro recently broke the news of a secret report to the minister of the interior suggesting the extent of the "troubles" go beyond what the police had officially disclosed. According to the report, more than 50 violent "incidents" occurred in roughly 30 towns around Paris in just one night. Cars were torched, windows broken, and police officers had to discharge non-lethal weapons on a number of occasions.
Unlike in the 2005 riots and other lower-scale incidents in 2007 and 2010, there have been no reports of firearms used against police in the current riots, which would certainly escalate the violence even further. A police union representative quoted by Le Figaro noted that most of those arrested are school-aged, and speculated that things might cool off once school is back in session.
But then again, things could yet escalate. That would obviously be bad news for France. But politically, it would be good news for Le Pen.
We're just three months from the election, and tensions surrounding immigration in the European Union are already high. Le Pen has voiced her support for police, and promised to crackdown on foreigners entering France. And while some French voters are wary of this extremism, riots in neighborhoods with heavy immigrant populations could be the nudge these voters need to pull the lever for Le Pen. I still think it's unlikely she'll win, but then again, I thought the same thing about Brexit and Trump.
The President, Muhammadu Buhari, has called on the judiciary to come up with an initiative that will ensure speedy dispensation of justice thereby decongesting the nation's prisons.
The President made this known when the judges of the Supreme Court, Court of Appeal and other head of courts paid him a courtesy visit at the Presidential Villa in Abuja.
President Buhari further called for the establishment of courts in prison yards to speed up decongestion.
According to him, logistics of transporting prisoners to court is huge.
He, therefore, asked the Attorney General to take up the matter of welfare of judicial officers with the salaries and wages commission.
Geneva (ABC Live): Future of Cable TV : The International Telecommunication Union (ITU) oranized a workshop 25-26 January at the organization's Geneva headquarters designed to inform regulators and other decision-makers on “The Future of Cable TV” in a converged information and communication technology (ICT) sector.
The workshop was held within the context of the European Regional Initiative on “Broadband Infrastructure, Broadcasting and Spectrum Management”, approved at the 2017 World Telecommunications Development Conference. Through this initiative, assistance is provided to countries in need of assessment of the dynamics, challenges, and opportunities of diverse broadband technologies across Europe, including cable TV.
Participants at the workshop examined market trends, including an enabling environment and the role of national regulatory authorities in ensuring orderly market development; innovation and technology trends in view of the widespread availability of broadband internet and powerful connected devices; service and business trends which will impact the future of cable TV; and supporting international and regional technical standardization activity.
The two-day workshop also provided an opportunity for participants to share best practices and case studies on cable TV roll-outs.
The efficient collaboration of relevant standards bodies and responsible regulatory authorities will be a key determinant of the cable TV industry's success in introducing innovative new services, workshop participants agreed.
“The convergence being witnessed in the ICT sector has opened new opportunities for cable TV operators expanding their reach, improving content delivery, as well as expanding the range of services available to subscribers,” said Brahima Sanou, Director of the ITU Telecommunication Development Bureau. “In building smart societies, policymakers, regulators, the private sector and all other stakeholders need to work together to bring out innovative applications and services that open the door to unprecedented knowledge, employment and financial opportunities for people everywhere.”
“ITU workshops encourage peer-learning and an exchange of best practices that encourages innovation to be shared globally,” said Chaesub Lee, Director of the ITU Telecommunication Standardization Bureau. “This cable TV workshop will help innovators to capitalize on advances in fields such as virtual reality and multi-platform, ultra-high definition TV, while also giving ITU standardization experts new insight into how their work could best support cable TV innovation.”
Over 70 participants from 30 countries took part in the workshop. Four national regulators from the European region were represented at the highest level. They included: Marcin Cichy, President, Office of Electronic Communications (UKE), Poland; Jaromír Novák, Chairman of the Council of the Czech Telecommunication Office; Mihai Grindeanu, President, National Authority for Management and Regulation in Communications of Romania (ANCOM), Romania; Cristina Lourenço, Deputy Director International Affairs, Autoridade Nacional de Comunicações (ANACOM), Portugal. A keynote presentation was made by Matthias Kurth, the Executive Chairman of Cable Europe and former head of the National Regulatory Authority of Germany (BNetzA).
The outcomes of the workshop will be featured in a comprehensive industry paper to be released in February 2018. The paper will advance implementation of the European Regional Initiative aimed at assisting countries in need on matters related to cable TV, and bridge the requirements and needs of the various countries with the standards community. It will also contribute to the workflow of several ITU study groups including:
ITU-T Study Group 9: Broadband Cable and TV
ITU-D Study Group 1: Enabling Environment for the Development of Telecommunications/ICTs
ITU-D Study Group 2: ICT Services and Applications for the Promotion of Sustainable Development
ITU-R Study Group 6: Broadcasting Service
Graffiti mars a map of Amsterdam's Vondelpark, a popular spot for tourists to ride their rental bicycles in this May 2016 photo. (Photo: Peter Dejong / AP)
Amsterdam – A group of cyclists slams on the brakes as a man pushing a wheeled suitcase stops abruptly in the middle of a busy bike path in downtown Amsterdam to pick up a toiletries bag he dropped.
“If we wait a bit longer, he'll probably start cleaning his teeth,” one rider says to his neighbor, humor failing to mask his frustration.
It's a scene that is emblematic of the problem of overtourism that is clogging the streets of cities like Amsterdam, Rome, Barcelona and Venice.
The Dutch capital, with its World Heritage-listed canals, narrow streets and web of alleys in its red-light district, is now pushing back in an attempt to keep the city attractive to visitors and residents alike. But some say it's not going far enough.
Overnight stays in hotels here rose from just over 8 million in 2006 to 14 million in 2016. The number of people visiting the Anne Frank House has set records seven years in a row, to nearly 1.3 million last year.
Every weekend, the heart of the city is overrun by foreigners in strip joints and seedy bars. They gawk at scantily-clad prostitutes flaunting themselves behind windows in the red-light district, and they jam cafes where marijuana is permitted.
City alderman Udo Kock has a message for the drunken revelers: “If the only reason for you to visit Amsterdam is to get loaded, to get stoned out of your mind, look, we can't hold you back from coming, but we don't want you here.”
It's not just the young visitors arriving via budget airlines, staying at cheap hostels and hotels. Add crowds of day-trippers from cruise ships moored nearby and Airbnb guests shoving suitcases noisily along cobbled streets and you have a toxic mix for local residents.
With attractions such as the Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum and Anne Frank House, Amsterdam has plenty of places of interest beyond the red-light district. Tourists pump cash into the economy and create jobs, but the impact of millions of visitors on a city of 850,000 is high.
“It hurts the character of the city,” Kock said. “There are really neighborhoods … where you simply see that the people that used to live there don't want to live there anymore.”
“That's where the problem lies. How do you maintain the balance so that the old city doesn't become a ghetto where there are no shops, no facilities that locals are interested in?” said Stephen Hodes, co-owner of leisure industry consultancy LAgroup and founder of Amsterdam in Progress, an independent think tank.
Musician Kyra Philippi lived with her family in Amsterdam's historic canal ring until budget hotels and Airbnb rentals transformed the neighborhood. Philippi's quiet street became a busy path between downtown and the budget hotels. Airbnb guests began partying in a communal garden. “We were living in a really old beautiful canal house and it was super noisy,” she said. “We couldn't really enjoy being there so much anymore.”
With three children, the family relocated to a quiet neighborhood on the city's edge.
Amsterdam is trying to regulate the problems, but Kock said “there is no golden bullet … It's such a complicated problem that you have to use every policy measure that you can possibly find, big and small. Everything. And you have to be creative.”
Among the many changes Amsterdam has enacted or is considering: halting construction of new hotels; banning “beer bikes,” which are large, slow, pedal-powered bars; shifting the cruise ship terminal out of the city center and outlawing new tourist-only stores in the oldest part of the city and its busiest shopping streets.
One of the biggest deals was with Airbnb, which agreed to enforce a 60-day-per-year limit on Amsterdam properties and to collect tourist tax for the city from renters.
Another proposal is to change the way the tourist tax is levied, from a percentage of hotel room rates to a flat rate. That would hit lower-priced rooms harder and perhaps be a disincentive to budget travelers. Changing the tax formula might encourage more growth “from the higher end of the market and less of that growth will come from the lower end of the market,” Koch said.
But Hodes says the tax plan and other measures are not enough.
“It's all symbolic. The problem is radical and the only way to change radical problems is radical solutions,” he said.
Hodes advocates a halt on building new hotels, not just in Amsterdam but also in the region around the city, ending cruise ship tourism and rigorously enforcing a recently approved ban on touring cars entering the city.
But he concedes that overtourism will be a tough beast to tame.
“No one (anywhere in the world) has come anywhere near solving this problem,” Hodes said. “The problem is much bigger than we're able to handle at the moment.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2Bcn6y1
ITDC had posted a net profit of Rs9.41 crore during the same period of previous fiscal
New Delhi: State-run India Tourism Development Corporation (ITDC) on Monday reported a two-fold jump in net profit at Rs18.75 crore for the first quarter ended 30 June 2017. The company had posted a net profit of Rs 9.41 crore during the same period of previous fiscal, ITDC said in a BSE filing.
Total income during the quarter under review stood at Rs96.19 crore as against Rs91.41 crore in the year-ago period, up 5.22%. The company's revenue from the hotel division during the period was Rs63.77 crore as compared to Rs66.59 crore in the corresponding quarter of last fiscal.
The state-run firm is looking to divest or offload its stake in all hotels run by it except Ashok and Samrat hotels in the national capital.
The company said the process of divestment is going on. The hotels in which the divestment is under process include, Hotel Pondicherry Ashok, Hotel Jaipur Ashok, Hotel Kalinga Ashok and Hotel Lalitha Mahal Palace, among others.
The government is looking at leasing ITDC hotels with management right to private companies as part of its efforts to monetise the properties owned by the state-run firm. Shares of the company ended 8.82% up at Rs482.85 on BSE.
A level 300 student of the Tamale Nursing and Midwifery Training College has conveyed a message of flashback to the government , citing reasons for what he calls a political mischief by the current government during their time in opposition. His statements go like this
"It was was barely a year and a half ago , when we have the Nurses trainees fell flat to what I call the mischiefs of the present day government over issues surrounding the nursing profession.
Little did the good people of Ghana ,most specially our nurses under training knew that , this government was using them to capture power and dump them like how they did to the recently suspended deputy sports minister.
The fabricated lies of the current government overshadowed the good sentiments of the erstwhile administration ( NDC ) . Little did our colleague nurses know that , the NPP government was using them to achieve their political agenda called 'political power' other than a 'visionary power ' .
The current government branded the nurse trainees as 'nurses for change' amongst other names , and even to the extent of using the smaller-sized kalypo to confuse and mislead their states of mind .
Today , who knew nurses trainee allowances would still not have been paid after launching it in September last year....???
Who knew our would-be nurses would still not have been posted despite the nurse - patient ratio the nation presently face....???
Which of these nurses trainees knew that after the kalypo season , the government would have been treating them this way ........????
Have we ever thought of those predicaments ........????
Today , our colleagues who hold in high integrity , the health status of mother Ghana are being treated as antagonists to the sector .
Today , our colleagues from the nursing fraternity could not be given financial clearance but 110 ministers can be paid billions of Ghana cedis . ministers can be paid over ghc20m annually minus allowances, perks etc”.
The govt claimed it had a flagship programme called planting for food abd jobs, what happened to it? Last year when army worms invaded Ghana, a whooping ghc16m was spent by govt to purchase what was described as “fake pesticides, today we are told by the ministry of food and agriculture that, the army worms have come to stay.
“The former president John Dramani Mahama and his appointees , in every month , sacrificed ten percent (10 %) of their salaries to establish CHPPS compounds across the length and breadth of mother Ghana , just for nurses to be employed into such structures .
The previous government did many investments to support the health sector just because of days like this .
Today , how many of us can attest to the fact that , this government has paid the allowances up-to-date, as promised our colleagues....??? Even the four months paid as in last year are being demanded for by the government , through the ministry of health. I dare this government never to temper with our results as purported in an audio recording that went viral .
How many of us can boldly say that our colleague nurses trainees are being treated fairly .....???
The popular saying 'Had I known always comes at last' , is indifferent from the current plights of our colleague nurses trainees.
I feel very sad for my colleague nurses but nothing could I do than to empower them never to stop opting for postings as preached by the current government .
I don't want to believe the Ewe saying which has its special meaning other than the surface meaning and which says 'they have shaken hands with a monkey' , was the actions of my colleague nurses way back in 2016. But I believe nurses may not commit the special meaning of my aforementioned quote should they be given the second chance .
I pen down my feelings NEVER to make mockery of my colleagues of the aforementioned profession , but to rather bring to bare , our good old days of Kalypo and our present days of demonstration" .
Long Live Ghana ,
Long live nurses .
Written By :
Mr. Babanawo Courage Kwabla
Tamale Nursing and Midwifery Training College
Level 300
Registered General Nursing (RGN)
The Curious Transfer Saga Of Willian Borges da Silva
Nitish Bhan FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Rumors 1.23K // 04 Jul 2018, 14:38 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
The Willian transfer saga keeps getting crazier by the day. First, it was reported that the La Liga champions Barcelona were interested in acquiring his services and had made a £50m offer for the same. Later these claims were followed by Chelsea rejecting the bid and asking the Catalan giants to pay a huge fee for his signature. Eventually, the story was followed by a rumour dismissing these claims and stating that Barça were not interested in signing him anymore. The story now is something really different, as there still seems to be an interest from Spain in taking him away from Stamford Bridge.
While the winger is busy playing in the World Cup in Russia representing his national side, the stories continue to pile on. With all these stories going around, there has been a silent interest from Manchester United and former boss Jose Mourinho lurking in the background as well.
With that being said, a new report also added that Willian was really excited to be moving to the Nou Camp and was eager to complete this deal, choosing them over the Red Devils. The west London outfit had taken advantage of this situation and were demanding a fee of £71m from the Spanish side.
Barça were not really interested in paying that kind of money and made a counteroffer to the west London side. The speculations suggested that either Andre Gomes, Rafinha or Paulinho could be part of a swap deal, along with cash.
All three stars are really talented and can help solve some of the problems that the Londoners have been facing within their squad. Chelsea have been trying to get in some solid midfield players, who can help them win the big games.
On the other hand, if Willian does make the move, he will be united with his compatriot Philippe Coutinho in Barça and the duo could really work some magic helping them win the Champions League yet again.
The English giants will not be able to offer the 29-year-old superstar that privilege this season, as they failed to finish in the top four of the league last term. This is one of the main reasons why Conte's time at the Bridge is said to be over.
Though the Blues were never against the sale, this interest from both parties urged them to set a high asking price for him. They haven't yet responded to the new offer made by the Spaniards, though this transfer saga is far from over.
Willian played a vital role in his team's 2-0 win over Mexico and they will be facing Belgium next, in the quarter-final of the tournament. If he can help his team push through to the next round and eventually go all the way, his price tag will seriously shoot up.
Due to this, Barça are trying their best to get a deal done as soon as possible so that Chelsea's demands don't go any higher than what they are already. It will be interesting to see though whether they budge on their asking price of just take the swap deal.
PITTSTON TWP. — The first Northeastern Pennsylvania Air Show in 17 years wrapped up Sunday evening with a smooth landing.
“This air show was phenomenal,” said Eric McKitish, marketing director for the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton International Airport.
During the show — held Saturday and Sunday — crowds toured planes, took rides in a helicopter and turned their eyes to the sky as myriad aircraft tumbled through the clouds, upside down and sideways. The deep rumbling of jets taking flight could be heard in Scranton.
For years, flyers traveling through the airport would ask when the air show was coming back, said McKitish. This weekend, their wishes were granted.
Officials began planning the show's return in March, McKitish said. Between 1983 and 2000, the show was an airport tradition. It was suspended for construction of the new terminal, which opened in May 2006, and never returned.
More than 25 aircraft were on display, including many with historical significance and one painted with the likeness of a vicious tiger. Helicopter rides were available throughout the show, and an airport official said the copter hadn't stopped flying all weekend.
The planes' performances were coordinated with flights leaving the Pittston Twp. airport, so scheduled flights went without interruption, McKitish said.
“We had an outstanding crowd,” said Carl R. Beardsley Jr., airport director. “Ninety-nine percent of it went very well.”
The total number of people who attended the show, as well as the revenue brought in and whether the show will return, remains to be seen, said Beardsley.
However, he added, “We're very happy with what happened today.”
The crowd of thousands from all over the region was transfixed Sunday as Ashley Shelton “wing-walked” on top of a small blue and white airplane. The plane, flown by Greg Shelton, twisted and spun through the clear, blue sky, leaving a trail of white smoke behind, as Ashley Shelton, harnessed to the top of the plane, waved to the crowd, sometimes while upside down.
Marty Anthony, 14, was stunned to see Shelton's tiny figure elevated so high above the ground. The Mount Pocono resident traveled to Scranton with his uncle, Ben Cresco, and spent the weekend at the show.
An aviation enthusiast, Cresco, 64, reminisced with Marty about past shows.
“This year is better,” he said.
The Heritage Flight at the end of the show Sunday was one of the more popular performances, Beardsley said. An F-22 Raptor flew in tandem with a P-51 Mustang.
“It was a good way to end the weekend,” he said.
Contact the writer:
kbolus@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9100 x5114;
@kbolusTT on Twitter
Sophomore albums are the trial by which an artist determines whether or not they stay or fade away. Benjamin Booker took his time after releasing his debut in 2014 to insure he could come back kicking; in the years after he toured, spent some time in Mexico, and wrote a follow up that's different from his debut, yet still retains his sound. The production values are top notch here and the songs are far more soulful indeed. He's evolved, but one thing's for sure: this is Benjamin Booker and no one else.
To elaborate, Witness has done what an old-school style artist dreams of doing, which is simultaneously creating a nod to the greats, their roots, and newer elements to make something wholly original. We can hear his unique, raspy-yet-Lennonesque voice and his incredible, overdriven blues-rock guitar work.
Starting with “Right On You” for example, Booker starts with a Beatles-lite intro and rolls through a punk chord progression, all topped off with some Rock and Roll Chuck Berry cherry riffs. This leads perfectly into the mini-ballad “Motivation”, with its slapping acoustic guitar, upfront bass, and soaring cellos that combines elements of 70's soft rock with a John Mayer-like vocal. Like the first two tracks, the album flows relatively well together and Booker himself serves as the main connection between songs even though they switch through many different genres. The only time a song feels out of place is (ironically) the title track of the album. This has to do with the more poppy production and difference in Booker's songwriting compared to the other songs, with “Witness” having a more modern feel, choir-heavy part, and mainly Booker's guitar and voice put to the back then the other tracks. Although, this reviewer would like to note that the great Mavis Staples sings on that track and does a great vocal although her vocal is pushed a little too heavy to the front of the mix.
After that, the album goes with the Muscle Shoals backing of “The Slow Drag Under” which has a great southern strut to it and a Norman Greenbaum-sounding electric guitar root to keep the pace going. The “Truth Is Heavy” has a giant wall-of-sound distorted guitar to greet the choruses and urban style female vocals to accompany Booker.
This leads to the best track on Witness, which is “Believe”–a bluesy, Sam Cooke-style ballad with a great orchestral score, which this reviewer applauds. The album follows with the more upbeat and soulful “Overtime” with a great thumping, descending Stax bassline.
The last three tracks are the most genre-flipping out of all the tracks. The trio starts with “Off the Ground” that feels like a slow, Guthrie acoustic song at first but funnels itself into an almost punk diatribe with tons of energy that crashes and burns to a satisfying stop at the end. “Carry” sounds like a soul cut off of Plastic One Band with Ringo. “All Was Well” sounds like the R&B version of OK Computer-era Radiohead.
This album is proof Benjamin Booker has got what it takes to be rock star. Booker can clearly make any genre his own and we have some solid examples of that on Witness. Ironically. “Witness” may be the weakest song on the album, but with the competition on the rest of the record, it's hard for any song to be weak in the first place. Booker has made a solid album–something this reviewer has not seen in a long time–and one that flows well together to create an experience. Don't judge an album by the single.
Mogadishu, Somalia — A suicide bomber detonated an explosives-laden vehicle at the gate of a popular restaurant in Somalia's capital, police said Wednesday night. There was no immediate word on any casualties.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein said there was confusion over whether gunmen had fought their way inside after the blast and whether a hostage situation was underway at the Pizza House restaurant.
The Somalia-based extremist group al-Shabab often targets high-profile areas of Mogadishu, including hotels, military checkpoints and areas near the presidential palace. It has vowed to step up attacks after the recently elected government launched a new military offensive against it.
Al-Shabab last year became the deadliest Islamic extremist group in Africa, with more than 4,200 people killed in 2016, according to the Washington-based Africa Center for Strategic Studies.
The extremist group also faces a new military push from the United States after President Donald Trump approved expanded operations, including airstrikes, against al-Shabab. On Sunday, the U.S. military in Africa said it carried out an airstrike in southern Somalia that killed eight Islamic extremists at a rebel command and logistics camp.
Somalia President Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed confirmed that airstrike and said such attacks would disrupt the group's ability to conduct new attacks.
With a new federal government established, pressure is growing on Somalia's military to assume full responsibility for the country's security. The 22,000-strong African Union multinational force, AMISOM, which has been supporting the fragile central government, plans to start withdrawing in 2018 and leave by the end of 2020.
Also Wednesday, the U.N. Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution extending the U.N. political mission in the Horn of Africa nation, which is trying to rebuild after more than two decades as a failed state, until March 31, 2018. The resolution recognized that “this is a critical moment for Somalia.”
Associated Press writer Edith M. Lederer at the United Nations contributed.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2tn8zbn
Once again, Sally Pearson was the star of the show for Australia at a global athletics competition. (AAP)
Sally Pearson and Dani Stevens have delivered for Australia with medals at the world athletics championships.
Once again, yet again, Sally Pearson was the star of the show for Australia at a global track and field championships.
And she's not finished yet.
The sprint hurdler will be the headline act at next year's Commonwealth Games on home soil on the Gold Coast.
After winning a second world 100m hurdles title in in London in commanding style on Saturday to go with her 2012 Olympic crown, the self-coached Pearson revealed she intended to push on at the elite level until the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo.
"I love the idea of going to a third Olympics," said Pearson, who also won silver on her Games debut back in Beijing in 2008.
"I missed out in Rio 2016, so I'd love the idea of going to Tokyo, but that's another three years to go.
"It's a matter of whether my body can handle it.
"I'm 31 next month and it's a matter of whether my body can hold up.
"Being smarter and looking after myself - that's what got me here.
"Can I do it for another three years? I don't know. I'll tell you in three years."
Australian head coach Craig Hilliard reckons Pearson can definitely still be a serious contender in 2020.
"If her body is healthy and she is keen to do it, why not do it?" said Hilliard.
"If Sally wants to do it, she'll do it. It's as simple as that.
"If her body is healthy they are the only two ingredients.
"If she is still loving the sport then Sally keeps going."
The Australian team had only five top-eight finishes in London, down from nine at the 2016 Rio Olympics - topped by Pearson's gold in the 100m hurdles and silver to Dani Stevens in the women's discus.
But Hilliard remained confident of a good showing at next year's home Commonwealth Games.
"I'm satisfied," he said.
"The performances of Sally and Dani were sensational.
"We didn't quite get the number of top eights we were after but we've got some young kids coming through."
Among that group were 20-year-old pole vaulter Kurtis Marschall, long jumper Brooke Stratton and walker Dane Bird-Smith.
MOREHEAD, Ky. — Kevin McClain scored 25 points, Dylan Windler had a double-double and Belmont defeated Morehead State 83-73 on Saturday for its eighth straight victory.
Windler had 13 points and 14 rebounds, which matched his career high, for the Bruins (19-6, 11-1 Ohio Valley Conference). Tyler Hadden added 15 points on 6-of-8 shooting, and Mack Mercer and Nick Hopkins added 12 and 10 points, respectively, off the bench.
Hadden had 13 points and McClain 12 as the Bruins steadily built a 43-30 halftime advantage.
Early in the second half the Eagles got within nine points, but Hopkins and McClain had back-to-back 3-pointers in an 8-0 run. Midway through the lead was down to seven but the Bruins scored six straight and made it a 12-2 run to cruise home.
Vladimir Putin won Russia's presidential election on Sunday with almost 74% of the vote. Putin, who has ruled Russia for almost two decades, stood against seven other candidates but his most vocal critic Alexei Navalny was barred from the ballot for legal reasons and the final outcome was never in doubt.
Though opposition has accused the government of ballot stuffing and other cases of alleged fraud to win the polls but the turn out as well as the votes secured by Mr. Putin make it clear that he is still acceptable to the majority of Russians. And it is obvious because of the services rendered by him during his long rule as he restored economic stability and national pride after the collapse of the USSR. Despite allegations that Putin has sidelined, prosecuted, discredited and neutralised political opponents the result shows Russian people do not want to replace him with someone else for continuity of the policies that have improved the economy and enabled the country to play effective and in cases decisive role in regional and global affairs. Some of the foreign policy decisions that Putin took over the years clearly showed that Russia is once again regaining its lost place in global politics and this augurs well for the unipolar world. Effectiveness of Russia kept a strong check on the United States and the space created by the fall of the Soviet Union negatively affected the interests of small countries. As for Pakistan, there have been positive moves under Putin to improve bilateral relations and the Russian leaders have been forthcoming in this regard. Both economic and military ties are gradually expanding and we are sure things would crystallise further in years to come.
Related
Serena Williams Laid Out the Blueprint on 'How Black Women Can Close the Pay Gap' in This Moving Essay
Sign-up for an online subscription for access to The Journal's website with one of the following subscriber options:
Monthly Subscription - $5 This subscription will automatically charge your account monthly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Quarterly Subscription - $15 This subscription will automatically charge your account quarterly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Annual Subscription - $30 This subscription will automatically charge your account annually for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
PRINT SUBSCRIPTION BY MAIL: If you're interested in a newspaper subscription through the mail, email us at calhouncountyjournal@gmail.com
Carlos Santana says he was only trying to congratulate Adele on her big night at the Grammys when he said Beyoncé “is very beautiful to look at” but “not a singer, singer.”
Santana told the Australian Associated Press that Adele can “sing, sing.” He said Adele “doesn't bring all the dancers and props, she can just stand there and she just stood there and sang the song and that's it, and this is why she wins.”
Watch:Adele sweeps Grammys with 5 wins
Santana clarified his stance on Facebook Tuesday, writing that his “intent was to congratulate Adele” and that his comment about Beyoncé “was regretfully taken out of context.” He adds that he has “the utmost respect” for Beyoncé.
Adele beat out Beyoncé for the top awards during Sunday's ceremony.
Pics Microsoft's Windows 10 Insider Preview Build 17650 (Redstone 5), released last week via the Windows Insider program, includes a stripped-down version of the operating system called Windows 10 Lean.
Redstone 5 is the Windows update that intended to follow the impending Windows 10 Spring Creators Update, recently redesignated the Windows 10 April 2018 Update, which is expected any day now.
Unrelated to the FAT (File Allocation Table) file system, Windows 10 Lean was spotted by a Windows user who goes by the name Lucan on Twitter.
Windows 10 Springwatch: See the majestic Microsoft in its natural habitat, fixing stuff the last patch broke READ MORE
According to Lucan, the slimmed down OS variant weighs in about 2 GB less than Windows 10 Pro, thanks to the absence of the Registry Editor, the Microsoft Management Console, wallpaper, and many other files.
Windows already has a stripped down version, Windows 10 S, which started as a locked down version of Windows 10 Pro for schools and businesses and by next year will become an optional mode for all versions of Windows. So it's not immediately clear where Windows 10 Lean, also referred to as Windows 10 CloudE, fits into the scheme of things.
The Register asked Microsoft for comment but the company declined.
Lucan via Twitter speculates that Lean's will become "a Win32-capable but UWP-focused OS with differences on the component level." Below are some screenshots scored by the Windows watcher...
Welcome to Windows 10 Lean/CloudE/S (once again?)
This new edition started shipping with this week's Skip Ahead build (17650)
It seems to be heavily cut down, an x64 clean installation is roughly 2 GB smaller than Pro
Its edition ID is 0xB7 which was missing from SDK headers pic.twitter.com/2Sn3SVXeZB — Lucan (@tfwboredom) April 20, 2018
Build 17650 also includes phone APIs, suggesting Windows Lean might take up some of the telephony slack left by Microsoft's diminishing interest in Windows Phone and Windows 10 Mobile.
However, Lucan insists Lean has nothing to do with the rumored Windows Surface Phone, referred to as Andromeda.
Microsoft's Build developer conference is coming up in early May, so further illumination may arrive then. ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Floyd Mayweather Jr. said Wednesday he will come out of retirement to face UFC star Conor McGregor (pictured) in a boxing match on Aug. 26. (Photo: Michael Reaves / Getty Images)
Las Vegas — Floyd Mayweather Jr. said Wednesday he will come out of retirement to face UFC star Conor McGregor in a boxing match on Aug. 26.
Mayweather, who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of his pro fights, will face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never been in a scheduled 12-round fight at the MGM Grand arena. The fight that will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules.
“It's official,” Mayweather said on his Instagram account next to a video poster of both fighters.
“THE FIGHT IS ON,” McGregor tweeted several minutes earlier, posting a picture of himself next to one of Mayweather's father, Floyd Sr.
Mayweather will fight at the relatively advanced age of 41 in a bout that McGregor has been pushing for months. It finally came together over the last few days, and Nevada boxing officials on Wednesday approved the date for a Mayweather Promotions bout.
Though Las Vegas oddsmakers have made Mayweather a heavy 10-1 favorite, the thought of the fight has excited many in the MMA world. It has also intrigued some in boxing, though most dismiss McGregor's chances under boxing rules against one of the greatest defensive fighters in history.
Even if the actual bout may not shape up as a great matchup, the run-up to the fight will. Both fighters are noted for their ability to sell their fights, and both have exchanged in trash talking and more to promote their bouts.
The fight will be televised on pay-per-view on Showtime and would likely gross tens of millions of dollars. It comes less than a month before Gennady Golovkin and Canelo Alvarez meet in a highly anticipated fight that could rival it for pay-per-view buys.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Karachi
The global career-acceleration program for women, ‘See It-Be It' was held by Pakistan Advertising Association and Pakistan Advertisers Society, in collaboration with Synergy Dentsu.
The program ‘See It Be It' was launched by Cannes Lions. Being the world's largest advertising festival began this program five years ago, to address the issue of the under-representation of women at Creative Leadership levels in the advertising industry.
The last event held, brought together more than 16,000 attendees from more than 90 countries.
The message of the program is simple, yet effective, when women can ‘See It', they will be driven to ‘Be It'.
The program in Pakistan was inspired by the performance of the Pakistani women, who at every level of academia outshine men. However, when it comes to the corporate arena, their progression and potential remains unrealized.
The aim of the program was to motivate women, by bringing together, female role models and providing them the opportunity to have one on one interaction. This allowed the female participants to present their hurdles and gain knowledge from real life examples of the speakers of the event.—PR
When the fanatics of the alt-right parade their parochial bigotry and declare they want their country back, they show that nationalism is not pride, but prejudice. Brandishing flags and shields, they aren't just exercising the right of free speech, but staging a hostile act of tribal hubris meant to intimidate those outside their circle of sanctimony. Careening through the world in a state of perpetual arousal for symbols of power and authority isn't patriotism; it's fascism. And murdering protestors is terrorism. Any equivocation about Charlottesville on the part of politicians and their sycophants is a betrayal of democracy.
This isn't about blood and soil; it's about a distorted white mythology shaped by entitlement and fear, expertly manipulated by sadists and kleptocrats. With a rogue's gallery administration fronted by an incompetent egomaniac who consorts with tyrants, encourages police brutality, silences the press, and conducts schoolyard foreign policy, things stand to get much worse. Trump is a national disgrace and a global menace. That his supporters remain undeterred by his vulgarity and feckless disregard for democracy is itself corrosive to hope.
The Trump administration's shock doctrine has yet to yield its full effect; we need to be ready.
Christopher Willingham, East Longmeadow
As we near the end of Skin Cancer Awareness Month, it's a better time than any to revisit the basics of preventing sun damage and its associated risk of cancer. In a recent report by the Skin Cancer Foundation, the statistics were alarming: The organization recorded 5.4 million cases of skin cancer over the last year and estimated that 40-50% of Americans who live to the age of 65 will have non-melanoma skin cancer at least once in their lifetime. The widespread impact of sun damage in the shape of first and second-degree burns, skin sagging and wrinkles, irregular pigmentation, melasma, and age spots is not recorded.
40-50% of Americans who live to 65 will have skin cancer
While the necessity to invest in a good SPF is common knowledge, there's still a lot of confusion when it comes to best practices for year-round sun protection. Even for the initiated who religiously slather on the SPF, specific questions often remain: What exactly is the difference between a UVA and UVB ray? What factor protection should we really be using? How quickly can damaging rays start to take effect?
To get clarification on the above (and then some), we tapped Melissa Doft, MD to sound off on the facts. As an expert in a wide range of cosmetic and reconstructive treatments, Dr. Doft spends a lot of her time reversing years of negative sun exposure in her Park Avenue practice. Her procedures give damaged skin a new lease of life, and she's adamant on advising patients how to protect her precious results for the future. Here, she weighs in with some powerful knowledge on the topic.
WHAT'S THE MOST COMMON MISCONCEPTION ABOUT SUN DAMAGE?
“Most Americans don't place a high value on skin protection. Many will use sunscreen while at the beach, but not during their regular day. Others will only apply it onto their children, but not themselves. Everyone needs to wear sunscreen everyday and reapply it regularly—even on overcast, rainy, stormy, and cloudy days.”
WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN UVA AND UVB RAYS?
“Both are ultraviolet rays of sunlight. A rays are long waves and B rays are shortwaves. UVB rays are responsible for burning the superficial layers of your skin, leading to the development of sunburns and skin cancer. UVA rays cause photo-damage and uneven pigmentation, penetrating deeper into your skin right down to the dermal layer. UVA rays also lead to the development of fine lines and wrinkles, as well skin cancer.”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
HOW QUICKLY WILL UNPROTECTED SKIN START TO BE DAMAGED BY BOTH?
“This depends on your skin type (aka the level of pigmentation in your skin), the location of sun exposure (different areas on your body can burn more easily than others), the time of exposure, and your geographical location. If you're nearer to the equator or on a high mountain, for example, the rays are likely to be much stronger.”
Getty Images
WHAT'S THE BEST WAY TO PROTECT YOURSELF?
“It's necessary to protect yourself both outdoors and indoors as UV rays of both kinds can penetrate glass. When outside, always seek shaded areas. Use an umbrella at the beach and be particularly careful between the hours of 10 A.M. and 4 P.M when UV radiation is at its strongest. Consider wearing sun-protective clothing with UPF (Ultraviolet Protection Factor) if you're planning to be outdoors all day. Think about the color of your clothing: Bright colored clothing reflects light more than pastels. Add a broad-rimmed hat to your wardrobe and certified UV-blocking sunglasses. And of course, choose a sunscreen which protects against both UVA and UVB rays.”
WHAT ROLE DO UVA AND UVB RAYS HAVE IN AGING? ARE THEY MORE OR LESS IMPORTANT THAN OTHER LIFESTYLE FACTORS LIKE DIET AND EXERCISE?
“Sun exposure and smoking are the two worse offenders in accelerating the aging process. They far outweigh diet and exercise on all counts. If you only do two things, quit smoking and start wearing a daily SPF.”
CAN PRE-EXISTING SUN DAMAGE EVER BE TRULY REVERSED?
“Using a daily sunscreen will reduce your exposure to further sun damage, allowing your body's repair mechanisms time to heal your skin. This can help to eliminate some preexisting damage. Dark spots can be lightened using lightening creams, which degrade excess melanin. Look for products containing kojic acid, retinol, or hydroquinolone. Sun exposed skin can appear dried out and have fine lines. A moisturizer with hyaluronic acid can help increase collagen production to remedy this. Consider a medium strength chemical peel to help lighten pigmentation and even out skin tone. Lasers can also be beneficial in mitigating fine lines. Some lasers have also been shown to be beneficial in removing early-stage skin cancers.”
Look for products containing kojic acid, retinol, or hydroquinolone
WHAT'S THE BEST WAY TO TREAT SUNBURN?
“To help aid a swift recovery, choose face serums with antioxidants and DNA repair mechanisms. Hydrate your skin at night with hyaluronic acid containing moisturizers to help plump dried skin. Consider adding a retinol to your skin care regimen to boost collagen production and look into a weekly treatment with alpha hydroxy acids to help remove dead skin cells. Drink plenty of water and make sure to get a good nights sleep.”
HOW LONG WILL IT TAKE SKIN TO RECOVER FROM A SUNBURN?
“The depth of the burn will determine the length of time needed for recovery. A mild burn will recover in three-five days, a medium burn will need a week, and severe burns can take months and may require hospitalization in a burn unit. A superficial burn will often heal, creating a blister to allow the body's serum to import repairing enzymes to the area of the burn as part of the process. As the skin heals, the liquid and dead cells are absorbed and new cells grow.”
IF YOU EXPOSED YOURSELF TO THE SUN AS A TEEN, BUT LATER STARTED USING DAILY PROTECTION, WHAT KIND OF CONDITION CAN YOU EXPECT YOUR SKIN TO BE IN AS YOU AGE?
“It's never too late to start using sunscreen. Damage from the sun accumulates with further exposure. It is imperative for patients who had a significant exposure to sun as a child or teen to have yearly skin checks as they are at a higher risk for developing skin cancers. Any mole which changes in shape or color, grows, or starts to bleed should be evaluated by a dermatologist.”
WHAT ARE THE MOST EFFECTIVE MEDICAL PROCEDURES FOR REVERSING LONG-TERM SUN DAMAGE?
“Vi Peels can help even out skin tone and improve skin texture and lasers are great at diminishing pigmentation spots. They also help boosts collagen production, which can in turn improve fine lines and wrinkles. Medical-grade micro-needling can also help reverse the negative effects of sun exposure.”
WHICH SUN PROTECTION PRODUCTS DO YOU PERSONALLY RECOMMEND?
“I love the texture of EltaMD Clear. It doesn't leave a white residue that most zinc-based formulas do. I also love La Roche-Posay's Anthelios line. For both, I always choose a product with an SPF of 50, and I reapply religiously every few hours.”
Tina Turner's first-born son, Craig Turner, died of apparent suicide Tuesday, the Los Angeles coroner's office confirms to USA TODAY. He was 59. Police found him dead at 12:38 p.m. of an apparent gunshot wound inside his Studio City, Calif., home, according to Ed Winter, assistant chief of investigations for the Los Angeles coroner's department.
Tina Turner, left, shown here performing in Toronto in 2008. Turner told Oprah Winfrey in a 2005 interview that her son Craig was “a very emotional kid” who offered support when she was physically abused by Ike Turner. ( Vince Talotta / TORONTO STAR file photo )
An autopsy is pending. Craig worked in real estate and was Tina Turner's first-born son, whom she had at age 18 with saxophonist Raymond Hill. Craig was adopted by Ike Turner after they wed in 1962. Turner told Oprah Winfrey in a 2005 interview that Craig was “a very emotional kid” who offered support when she was physically abused by Ike Turner.
Article Continued Below
Craig was in high school when Turner finally left the abusive relationship with Ike. “Before you can really help them, you have to strengthen yourself,” Turner said. Tina Turner divorced Ike in 1978. She married German music producer Erwin Bach, her partner of nearly 30 years, in 2013. Turner and Bach were in Paris Tuesday night attending a party for Giorgio Armani Prive Haute Couture.
Halton police have charged a Burlington father after the sudden death of his toddler last week. Police received a 911 call from a “hysterical” man around 5:30 p.m. last Wednesday after a 3-year-old boy's lifeless body was found in the back of a grey Ford Escape that was parked in the lot behind Crossroads Christian Communication on North Service Rd. at Kerns Rd.
Halton police have laid charges in the death of 3-year-old-boy pulled from a parked SUV in Burlington. ( Graham Paine / Metroland )
Despite resuscitative efforts, he was pronounced dead at the scene. An autopsy conducted the following day determined the preliminary cause of death to be hyperthermia, consistent with the child being left in a hot car for an extended period of time. Shaun Pennell, 37, is charged with criminal negligence causing death and failure to provide the necessaries of life.
Article Continued Below
Police said Pennell was released on a promise to appear. He is scheduled to appear in Milton Court on June 27. The charges come on the same day as Halton police broke the window of a vehicle to rescue a 5-month-old baby locked inside. The car was parked in the Milton Crossroads plaza. The child was overheated, but declared stable by Halton paramedics. In Hamilton, a 53-year-old man also faces charges for leaving a child unattented in a hot car last weekend. A 7-year-old boy was found locked in the car in a Walmart parking lot. The man, unrelated to the child, was charged with leaving a child unattended under the Child and Family Services Act. With files from Metroland
Read more about:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Marin Fourcade is the Lionel Messi of the biathlon.
In other words, he's the best, hands down.
An 11-time World Champion and six-time overall World Cup winner, the 29-year-old scooped two golds and a silver at the Games in Sochi, Russia, four years ago.
In 2016/17, he made it 12 single-season victories, amassing 14 top podium spots at one World Championships, to break the record set by Norway's Ole Einar Bjorndalen.
And in PyeongChang, he'll be aiming to cement his status as a legend of the event by adding to his hugely impressive medals haul.
Here's everything you need to know about the Frenchman.
Who is Martin Fourcade?
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Biathlon is something of a family affair for Fourcade.
He took up the event as a 13-year-old, following in his older brother Simon's footsteps.
But it is his former coach, Thierry Dusserre, who is credited with instilling the incredible work ethic that's led to his success.
Away from biathlon, Fourcade is a non-commissioned officer in the French Army and a keen cyclist.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
What is biathlon?
A Nordic skiing event, biathlon combines cross-country skiing and rifle shooting.
There are six different events - individual, sprint, pursuit, mixed relay, women's/men's relay and the mass start race.
Is Martin Fourcade likely to win a medal?
(Image: Internet Unknown)
Fourcade will undoubtedly be favourite to take gold in South Korea.
He goes into the Games in characteristically fine form.
However, Norwegian Johannes Boe, another man in commanding form, offers a genuine threat to his attempts.
At the very least, things may be more interesting than usual after all.
EDMONTON—A dad in Nunavut has died after defending his kids from being attacked by a polar bear. Aaron Gibbons, 31, was killed Tuesday evening on Century Island, 10 kilometres outside the hamlet of Arviat, RCMP say.
A Nunavut man was killed Tuesday evening by a polar bear. ( JONATHAN HAYWARD / The Canadian Press )
Gibbons' uncle said his nephew protected his girls by telling them to run to their nearby boat while he put himself between them and the bear. Residents of the hamlet said they heard the girls' cries over the CB radio. The children were rescued safely. Medical professionals and RCMP officers went to the scene of the attack, where they pronounced Gibbons dead.
Article Continued Below
Police say he wasn't armed, and the polar bear was later put down. RCMP are continuing to investigate with the chief coroner, the Nunavut Department of Environment and the wildlife division. Police are asking the public wanting more information to call Dan Pimental, director of policy, Department of Environment, at 867-975-7749 or via email at D.Pimental@gov.nu.ca. More to come ... With files from The Canadian Press. Kieran Leavitt is an Edmonton-based reporter. Follow him on Twitter: @kieranleavitt
Read more about:
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
The Mall in Columbia has added six retail shops and restaurants to its tenant mix. Main Event Entertainment; Barnes & Noble Inc.; Uncle Julio's Rio Grande Café; Z Gallerie; The Walrus Oyster & Ale House; and Shake Shack will open between the fall of 2017 and the fall of 2018. The tenants will be leasing more ...
Paris
The OECD on Wednesday appealed for an end to the “escalation” in global trade tensions, as the introduction of US tariffs on steel and aluminium imports loomed. President Donald Trump announced the shock 25 percent tariffs on steel and 10 percent duty on aluminium in March, sparking a global diplomatic tussle that sent the markets into choppy waters for weeks. The tariffs are due to enter into force from June 1, despite efforts by world leaders including France's Emmanuel Macron and Germany's Angela Merkel to bring the multilateral trade system back from the brink. The EU's top trade official earlier this week said it was unrealistic at this stage to hope for a permanent exemption for the bloc from the tariffs before they kick in on Friday. Separately, the United States is readying trade sanctions against China over intellectual property theft. Despite announcing a truce in the trade hostilities less than two weeks ago, the White House has since signalled it is ready to pull the trigger on a broad array of penalties. “First and foremost, an escalation in trade tensions should be avoided,” the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development's acting chief economist Alvaro Pereira said.—AFP
India is on track for another massive Test win over Sri Lanka, who are in huge strife at 4-82 in their second innings and still 270 runs behind in Pallekele.
Paceman Mohammed Shami struck twice as India closed in on a massive win on day three of the third and final Test against Sri Lanka on Monday.
The beleaguered hosts were 4-82 in their second innings at lunch, still trailing by 270 runs after being made to follow on and facing a 3-0 whitewash against the world's No.1-ranked team.
Sri Lanka captain Dinesh Chandimal was unbeaten on 26 while former skipper Angelo Mathews was 17 not out at the break.
After heavy defeats in Galle and Colombo inside four days, Sri Lanka's hopes of avoiding an innings loss rested on a solid start but Ravi Ashwin dampened their hopes when he struck in his first over of the day.
The off-spinner sent back opener Dimuth Karunaratne for 16 after Sri Lanka had resumed on 1-19.
The left-hander was caught by Ajinkya Rahane at slip after getting a thick edge to a turning delivery.
Nightwatchman Malinda Pushpakumara was soon caught behind off Shami and the right-arm paceman also dismissed Kusal Mendis for 12 to reduce the hosts to 4-39.
Chandimal and Mathews have added 43 in their unbroken fifth wicket stand and any hopes of a Sri Lankan fightback will rest on the two experienced right-handed batsmen.
Cvil rights activist, Dr Joe Odumakin Tuesday said former president Chief Olusegun Obasanjo apologised to her for an incident which occurred 13 years ago during his tenure.
Odumakin, who stated this via her Instagram account said the former president apologised to her on behalf of security operatives who manhandled her during a protest in 2004.
“I apologise on behalf of the security operatives that manhandled you during the May 19, 2004 protest” Former President Chief Olusegun Obasanjo told me today during the JAMB retreat interactive session, Abeokuta, Ogun state.'
" I apologise on behalf of the security operatives that manhandled you during the May 19, 2004 protest. Former President ;Chief Olusegun Obasanjo told me today during d JAMB retreat interactive session, Abeokuta, Ogun State. A post shared by Dr Joe Okei-Odumakin (@drjoeodumakin) on Feb 14, 2017 at 12:46pm PST
A repeat offender who stole alcoholic drinks and food during five shoplifting raids at two stores has been ordered to pay £788.33.
Chesterfield magistrates' court heard on Tuesday, October 3, how Jack Mottram, 18, of Wellington Street, at New Whittington, Chesterfield, admitted committing the five thefts as well as a causing criminal damage after he smashed patio doors at a social housing property.
Prosecuting solicitor Becky Allsop said: “On July 11 at a Londis store Mottram was seen stealing a bottle of vodka as he put it to his side and walked out with it.”
She added that on August 16 at the same Londis store on High Street, at New Whittington, he stole two sandwiches and a four-pack of lager and he also stole a bottle of vodka from the Tesco Extra store, at Lockoford Lane, Chesterfield, on August 25.
The defendant was also recognised as having been in the Londis store at New Whittington, on August 24 and 25, when he stole wine and groceries, according to Mrs Allsop.
Mottram, formerly of Newbridge Lane, Brimington, Chesterfield, told police he had consumed the goods from the first two Londis raids and he accepted stealing vodka from Tesco but he could not recall the other two Londis store thefts.
However, he pleaded guilty to the five thefts and also pleaded guilty to causing damage to an Action Housing property on May Avenue, at Chesterfield, on August 19, after he smashed patio doors.
Defence solicitor Serena Simpson said Mottram passes on apologies for his actions.
Magistrates sentenced Mottram to an 18 month community order with a Rehabilitation Activity Requirement and an Alcohol Treatment Requirement.
He was also fined £40 and ordered to pay £408.33 in compensation, £255 costs and an £85 victim surcharge.
India is the fastest-growing wealth market globally. Photo: AFP
Singapore: India's wealth managers had a bumper year in 2017, with the 20 largest firms growing assets under management by 63% to $169 billion, according to a report by Asian Private Banker. The wealth unit of Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd. retained the top slot, nearly doubling assets to $30 billion in 2017 and extending its lead over runner-up IIFL Wealth Management Ltd. to almost $12 billion, the publication said.
Domestic players dominate the Indian private banking scene, accounting for a 72% share of assets under management last year. The wealth unit of BNP Paribas SA, the only foreign firm to make it to the top five, saw its assets jump 70% to $12 billion.
India is the fastest-growing wealth market globally, with the number of high net worth individuals rising 20% in 2017 from a year earlier, according to a recent survey by Capgemini SE.
Lions rookie wide receiver Kenny Golladay and tight end Cole Wick celebrate Golladay's second touchdowns catch Sunday against the Colts in Indianapolis. (Photo: Daniel Mears / Detroit News)
Kenny Golladay has impressed the Lions during the offseason, and the rookie receiver is wasting little time making an impression on those outside the organization as well.
Catching a couple of touchdowns in your preseason debut will do that.
Golladay's three-catch, 53-yard performance in Sunday's 24-10 exhibition victory over the Colts, landed the Northern Illinois product on a list of “buzzworthy rookies” from Week 1 of the exhibition season by Around the NFL editor Gregg Rosenthal on Monday.
Golladay caught 23- and 15-yard touchdown passes from backup quarterback and former Michigan starter Jake Rudock, adjusting to a short throw on the former to win a 50-50 ball.
The performance earned Golladay, a third-round pick, a spot among a group of rookies that includes first-round picks Mitchell Trubisky (No. 2 overall by the Bears), Solomon Thomas (No. 3 overall by the 49ers), Deshaun Watson, and Reuben Foster.
“All three of his catches Sunday, including two touchdowns, were contested,” Rosenthal wrote. “Golladay is a great example of a rookie who built buzz in OTAs, training camp and has now backed it up in the preseason. The third-rounder is playing with a quarterback in Matthew Stafford who is unafraid to give his receivers 50-50 balls. Golladay is showing he can tilt those odds.”
In addition to rookies, Rosenthal also offered his winners and losers from Week 1 of the exhibition season, with Seattle Seahawks running back Thomas Rawls, a Central Michigan product who also played at Michigan, among the standouts.
“Preseason results matter less for veterans than how a player is used,” Rosenthal wrote. “Rawls lined up with the starting Seahawks offense Sunday night like he has throughout a standout training camp, while Eddie Lacy continued to work strictly with the backups. Both players should get the ball plenty during the season, but it shouldn't be a surprise that Rawls is coming out of the gates faster, with Lacy coming off surgery.”
Ravens backup quarterback Ryan Mallett, who started his collegiate career at Michigan before transferring to Arkansas was among Rosenthal's “losers” from the opening week.
Kearney, Neb. – The Nebraska-Kearney volleyball team is ranked third in the AVCA (American Volleyball Coaches Association) Division II Top 25 preseason poll. Last year, UNK went 35-2 and finished the year ranked fifth. This is the 135th consecutive poll the Lopers have appeared in, as well as the 170th time the program has cracked the top 10. The Lopers received 1,040 points to be one of six Central Region teams in the top 10. Defending national champion Concordia University-St. Paul is No. 1 (1,149 points; 38 first place votes) with Southwest Minnesota State second (1,125 points; four first place votes).
The CSP Golden Bears have won eight national titles in the last decade and hosted the Central Regional last year. They didn't drop a set in the 2016 Elite Eight, sweeping Alaska-Anchorage for the national title. Besides Concordia and Southwest, the other Central teams in the preseason poll are Winona State (No. 5), Augustana (No. 10), Wayne State (No. 13), Washburn (No. 16), Central Oklahoma (No. 18), Central Missouri (No. 21) and Northern State (No. 24). This marks UNK's 307th week ranked in the AVCA Division II poll, fourth most behind only UCM (399), the University of Tampa (383) and UMD (324). The last time Kearney wasn't ranked was the 2007 preseason poll. The next AVCA Top 25 will be released on Labor Day, September 4th. With five starters and the top libero returning, UNK began fall camp today, August 14th. The Lopers begin the season September 1-2 in Hawaii. One of the opponents will be current No. 8 Lewis (Ill.).
The national football chief Chung Mong-gyu said Thursday host South Korea sold more tickets than expected at the FIFA U-20 World Cup, adding that the recently concluded event was successful.
South Korea staged the 21st edition of the U-20 World Cup from May 20 to June 11 in six cities. England won the 24-team tournament last Sunday by beating Venezuela 1-0 in the final. Hosts South Korea were eliminated in the round of 16.
England's under-20 national football team players celebrate at Suwon World Cup Stadium in Suwon, Gyeonggi Province, on June 11, 2017, after winning the FIFA U-20 World Cup in South Korea. (Yonhap)
Chung, head of the local organizing committee for the U-20 World Cup, said that ticket sales for the first U-20 World Cup in South Korea surpassed the organizers' expectations despite political and economic situations in the country. The Korea Football Association (KFA) president also thanked the people for their support for the youth football competition."It's a pity that our South Korean team's journey didn't last long... but thanks to host cities and the government's cooperation, I'm happy that we staged the tournament successfully," Chung said in a release. "Although the country's political and economic situation were in tough conditions, our ticket sales and sponsorship deal posted better-than-expected results because of many people's support."The organizers said 410,795 fans visited stadiums to see 52 matches, for an average of 7,899 spectators per match. This surpasses the average attendance of the previous two U-20 World Cups -- 7,544 for the 2015 tournament in New Zealand and 5,821 for the 2013 event in Turkey -- and the organizers thanked South Koreans' active participation.The organizers sold 440,000 tickets and generated 5 billion won ($4.4 million). The South Korean team was the biggest ticket seller as three of their four matches were sold out."We had ticket sales revenue that met our motto of 'a tournament without free tickets,'" the organizers said in a release. "But still it's disappointing that fans didn't want to enjoy other national team matches, as we saw some 20,000 tickets getting refunded after South Korea were eliminated in the round of 16."The organizers were also pleased to secure six local sponsors for the tournament amid unstable domestic situations with the presidential election.The local organizing committee added 36,931 people were involved in the U-20 operation, 1,041 of whom were volunteers. (Yonhap)
Rockford Peaches — Team That Inspired 'A League Of Their Own' — Celebrates 75 Years This summer marks the 75th anniversary of the first season of the American Girls Professional Baseball League — the league that inspired the movie A League of Their Own.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Florentino Perez has slapped a €90million (£79.5m) price tag on Gareth Bale's head, according to reports in Spain.
The Real Madrid winger is wanted back in the Premier League with Manchester United and former club Tottenham touted as possible destinations.
But club president Perez does not want Bale to go cheap.
Wing wizard Bale, 28, moved to Real in the summer of 2013, costing a then-world record fee of £85million.
Diaro Gol report that Real will want to recoup as much of that fee as is possible, if they are to allow the three-time Champions League winner to return to the United Kingdom.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Getty)
Bale's only appearance for Los Blancos since the final week of September came off the bench against third-tier minnows Fuenlabrada in the Copa del Rey.
United and Spurs are reportedly on alert for his signature after Bale was reportedly involved in talks with Real over a potential return to England.
The report claims the parties have agreed for the 28-year-old to end his time with the club next summer, providing Los Blancos receive an acceptable offer for his services.
Only about half the R1.8-billion raised by the plastic supermarket bag levy since it was introduced 14 years ago has been officially allocated to recycling.
This despite the fact that the levy was originally supposed to go towards development of the recycling sector.
The figure has emerged since the plastic bag levy featured in former finance minister Malusi Gigaba's February 21 budget speech.
Gigaba said he would be increasing the tax by 50% to 12c a bag and it would be implemented on April 1.
DUBLIN, Ohio (AP) — Jack Nicklaus had small wagers in practice rounds during his time on the PGA Tour, just like everyone else. Some players before his time made more money in practice round bets than at the tournament when the prize money was small.
But he says he never had a wager with another player during a tournament.
He recalled only one time when he had money riding on the outcome, and he was still an amateur.
“The only wager I ever had was the 1960 U.S. Open,” Nicklaus said. “It was a month before I was getting married. I was the U.S. Amateur champion and my dad said, ‘Hey, they got you at 35-1. You want some of that?' I said, ‘I'll have $20.' He said, ‘You want place and show?' I said, ‘I'm not here to place and show.'”
He was right about that.
Nicklaus had a chance to win until missing short putts down the stretch. He was paired the final round with Ben Hogan, who also had a chance to win until he hit into the water on the 17th hole. Arnold Palmer charged from seven shots behind that day by driving the first green and closing with a 65 for his only U.S. Open title.
Nicklaus chuckled at the memory.
“I was more worried about winning $700 and getting married a month later as much as I was worried about winning the U.S. Open,” he said with a laugh. “That's the only wager I've ever had in golf.”
___
SHINNECOCK ROUGH
One big difference at Shinnecock Hills for this year's U.S. Open is the rough around most of the greens.
There isn't any.
Trying to respect the design of William Flynn, the USGA this year has cut the grass surrounding the greens to create situations where a shot missing the green will run down a slope some 15 yards or more away from the putting surface.
“It gives these guys options to putt, bump it, pitch it,” said Mike Davies, the USGA's chief executive. “What I've seen is when you give them options, it often puts doubt in their heads.”
Jason Dufner would agree with that.
He said Tuesday he prefers to have up to 5 inches of rough around greens that are firm and fast. Then he was asked what he doesn't like about runoffs.
“Too many options,” he said. “I get confused. I don't know which one to pick.”
___
A DAME AMONG MEN
Laura Davies is teeing it up against the men this week in Denmark, and it isn't the first time.
Davies will become the first woman to play on the Staysure Tour, the senior circuit on the European Tour, at the Shipco Masters.
“You only get one chance to become the first, and the time is right to do it,” Davies said. “I've very grateful to the Staysure Tour for being so forward-thinking, to the tour's members who have been so supportive of this decision, and the organizers at Simon's Golf Club who extended the invitation to me.”
Davies was among the first women in the last 20 years to compete against men. Europe's greatest female player took part in an exhibition called the “Super Tour” in 1998 in which nine pros matched scorecards from rounds in four Asian cities over four days. Vijay Singh won. Davies finished 39 shots behind.
She also played the Korean Open on the Asian Tour in 2003 and missed the cut.
Earlier this year, the European Tour had two all-women teams in its GolfSixes events, and a mixed team of Ryder Cup captain Thomas Bjorn and Solheim Cup captain Catriona Matthew.
Davies committed to the senior event in August and said her anticipation has only grown.
“I am particularly encouraged by the increasing number of opportunities arising for women and men to compete in the same event,” Davies said. “This is my turn to do so and I hope to see many more opportunities in future in all manner of formats.”
Davies has four majors among 86 victories around the world. She was inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame in 2015.
___
ROSE AND WENTWORTH
Justin Rose only played Colonial because of scheduling. The PGA Tour has a policy that requires him to play a tournament he has not been to in the last four years (he played the Sony Open last season), and he didn't have many choices.
“I wasn't going to add anything before the U.S. Open,” he said. “After the U.S. Open, I go back to Europe. Then we're into the FedEx Cup. If I didn't play this week, I probably wasn't going to fulfill my obligation with that.”
It worked out well.
Rose won by three shots at the Fort Worth Invitational, extending a meaningful streak to him. He now has won at least once every year dating to 2010, which includes his gold medal from the Olympics in 2016 at Rio.
Playing the Colonial meant missing the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth in England. The 37-year-old Englishman said he is required to play in his home country, but he is hosting the British Masters later this year in England.
And it won't be a problem next year because Wentworth moves to September.
“That's huge now because obviously I can come back and defend here without any clash,” he said. “So it's all turned out to be good timing.”
___
PERRY RETURNS
Tiger Woods isn't the only multiple Memorial champion in the field at Muirfield Village for the first time since 2015.
Kenny Perry has a few big tournaments coming up, and he's trying to get his game in shape from surgery on his right shoulder last November. Perry is exempt from having won the Memorial in 1991, the first of his three victories at the course Jack Nicklaus built. He also won in 2003 and 2008.
“I need some rounds,” Perry said Tuesday on the range.
He returned to the PGA Tour Champions for the Legends of Golf team event, tied for fifth at the Insperity Invitational and played the last two weeks in senior majors. He returns to the U.S. Open in two weeks as the U.S. Senior Open champion.
Perry showed up with a Golden Bear logo on the crest of his shirt. He signed a deal with Nicklaus' company at the start of the year.
___
DIVOTS
Wake Forest junior Jennifer Kupcho and Arizona junior Bianca Pagdanganan received exemptions to the Marathon Classic on the LPGA Tour in July. Kupcho won the NCAA title, and Pagdanganan delivered clutch shots to help the Wildcats win the team title. … With his victory at Colonial, Justin Rose tied Nick Faldo for most PGA Tour victories (nine) by an Englishman since 1983. … Dustin Johnson contemplated replacing his 3-wood with a 5-wood because the 3-wood was going too far. On the range at Muirfield Village, one shot with his 5-wood went 275 yards. … The LPGA Tour has not had a multiple winner after 13 tournaments this season. A year ago, it did not have a multiple winner (So Yeon Ryu) until the 16th event on its schedule.
___
STAT OF THE WEEK
Jon Rahm tied for fifth at Colonial and went over the $10 million mark in PGA Tour earnings in his 41st tournament.
___
FINAL WORD
“I lost.” — Jack Nicklaus, on his recollection from his first U.S. Open at Shinnecock Hills in 1986. He tied for eighth.
Justin Rose waves to the crowd after making a putt for birdie on the fifth hole during the final round of the Fort Worth Invitational golf tournament at Colonial Country Club in Fort Worth, Texas, Sunday, May 27, 2018. (AP Photo/Cooper Neill) http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/05/web1_120643558-2fc2eeac96624613af0623bfb2df9c1d.jpg Justin Rose waves to the crowd after making a putt for birdie on the fifth hole during the final round of the Fort Worth Invitational golf tournament at Colonial Country Club in Fort Worth, Texas, Sunday, May 27, 2018. (AP Photo/Cooper Neill)
Video will play in
Sorry Cristiano, but Pep agrees with Luis... Mess
Steven Gerrard proves he is a Liverpool legend as
Joe Hart shows he's settling into life at Torino
Javier Hernandez shows off some questionable sing
Watch this video again
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jamie Vardy is reportedly keen to get a commemorative blue plaque in his kitchen marking the Leicester players' 5000/1 title celebrations.
The England striker and his team-mates crammed into his house last May to watch Chelsea's 2-2 draw with Tottenham - the game that sealed their fairytale Premier League win.
Official blue plaques can only be installed 20 years after the person or people in question have been dead for 20 years, so Vardy will have to settle for a fake one.
(Photo: Plumb Images/Leicester City FC via Getty)
(Photo: Plumb Images/Leicester City FC via Getty)
(Photo: Getty)
A source told the Sun: “They saw history being made in that exact spot and think it would be a great place for a plaque.
“What happened must go down as one of football's greatest ever feats.
"If that doesn't deserve a plaque, what does?”
The scale of bad behaviour at City firms in recent years has been made worse by a shortfall in the number of women and ethnic minorities in financial services, according to the UK's top financial watchdog.
Andrew Bailey, the chief executive of the Financial Conduct Authority, said the imbalance had contributed to some of the biggest financial scandals over the last 20 years, including the rigging of the Libor rate and the misselling of payment protection insurance.
...
A " deceitful" Yorkshire financial adviser who cost an investor £2m and his marriage is "incredibly" allowed to continue working by regulators despite being ruled against in court and avoiding further legal action after liquidating his company, an MP has revealed.
Conservative Kevin Hollinrake described the adviser, Scott Robinson, as a “clever salesman” with a “long and extremely chequered history of providing investment advice”, who moved his clients into a new firm after being sued for advising on investments which failed and were not covered by professional indemnity insurance.
Mr Hollinrake described the case of his Thirsk and Malton constituent, Andy Mohun-Smith, who lost £2m after trusting Mr Robinson and said the saga had a “devastating” impact on his life and health, with the stress involved “undoubtedly a major factor” in the break-up of his marriage.
The MP also strongly criticised the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) regulator for allowing Mr Robinson to continue working as an an approved adviser because it was concerned that otherwise it could be “depriving an individual of their livelihood”.
Conal Gregory: It's time to spring clean your finances
Mr Hollinrake told the story of Mr Mohun-Smith and another constituent, known as Helen, during a Westminster Hall debate.
He said it was “truly astounding” that Mr Robinson was allowed to continue working given his history.
In 2014, Mr Mohun-Smith was awarded £2.2m in damages at the High Court after Mr Robinson failed to attend a hearing.
But the adviser was given a reprieve as the Court of Appeal in April 2016 ordered another High Court hearing of the case.
Mr Robinson, however, put his company TBO Investments into voluntary liquidation August 2016 before the new hearing could not take place, therefore “thwarting any attempt by my constituents to take legal action to recover their losses and leaving his own lawyers indeed out of pocket”, the MP said.
The adviser then “phoenixed”, or moved, his former clients into another firm he owned, Mount Sterling Wealth, which he resigned from four days ago in a move described by Mr Hollinrake as “perhaps coincidental, perhaps not”.
Mr Robinson had also previously faced censure from the Financial Ombudsman, which in 2011 ruled he had provided unsuitable advice and was ordered to pay compensation, the MP said.
Martin Lewis: Thousands of students have overpaid on loans
In 2015, TBO was also issued with a compulsory strike-off order from Companies House as it had failed to submit accounts, according to Mr Hollinrake.
Mr Robinson remains approved by the FCA.
Mr Hollinrake said: “I have met with Andrew Bailey, the chief executive of the FCA and spoken to senior executives in the FCA itself, but incredibly the only justification I can get so far of this continuing designation of Mr Scott Robinson as an approved person is that they were concerned that they may be depriving an individual of their livelihood.
“This individual, with this chequered record.
“You may ask - what about the deprivation of my constituents' livelihoods, of their income, of their investments, of their hard earned money?
“Is this not what the FCA should be principally concerned with?”
He went on: “For my constituents, Andy and Helen, this has been a most traumatic experience.
“In Andy's words - ‘this has had a devastating effect on my life, the damage to my health has been considerable, the enormous stress my wife and I were subjected to as a result of Mr Robinson's disastrous investment decisions was undoubtedly a major factor in the break-up of our marriage'.
“These words say more than I ever could.
“The FCA, the regulator we entrust to make consumers, investors and our businesses, make sure they are fairly treated, has many questions to answer.
“It needs to take a long, hard look at itself and prove to those it is accountable to - the Treasury and to Parliament, that it is able to carry out the role it is required to do.
“I for one am very sceptical that it is capable of doing so.”
We need regulator with teeth who is willing to bite, says MP
Treasury Minister Robert Jenrick said the constituents' stories were “very troubling” and suggested that either the rules had “not been able to give them the protection that they deserve or that the FCA have not acted to enforce those rules in the way that we would have hoped”.
He said he would “bear thought” to Mr Hollinrake's suggestion that financial advisers should be given ongoing approval by the FCA.
Mr Jenrick said the FCA was actively looking into “phoenixing”, and promised to raise the cases with its chief executive Mr Bailey because Mr Hollinrake and his constituents “deserve answers and action”.
Mount Sterling Wealth has not replied to a request for comment.
The 2017 Kicks Country Concert Series is bringing the biggest stars in country music to you!!! This Friday at 9A on the Kicks Country Morning Show with Doug and Lori…Tune in for one of the biggest announcements of the year!!! SAS Attractions, The Rock Ridge Bar and Grill, and Kicks Country can't wait to tell ya who it is and when they will be here! Plus, we'll have your chance to win tickets before they go on sale! It's the 2017 Kicks Country Concert Series…ANOTHER BIG SHOW IS COMING….Find out Friday morning on the Kicks Country Morning Show with Doug and Lori!!! BTW Tickets will be on sale this Friday HERE
TOLEDO, Ohio (AP) — Algae blooms are back in western Lake Erie, this time a little earlier than normal.
Researchers say the higher temperatures this summer have brought out the sometimes-toxic algae about a week or two earlier.
The algae that turn the water a pea soup green color have been spotted along the shore east of Toledo, around the Lake Erie islands and along some beaches in Cleveland.
Researchers tell The Blade in Toledo that it's not clear yet whether these blooms are the beginning of the main summertime bloom or early-season surprises.
Alga blooms can foul drinking water, sicken swimmers and harm aquatic life. They've become an annual problem in the lake and are a growing concern nationwide.
Just days after his sudden passing at the age of 28, Avicii's ex-girlfriend Racquel Bettencourt's tribute to the beloved EDM DJ is a touching post that just how much of an impact he had on the lives of everyone around him. Bettencourt, a model and blogger professionally known as Racquel Natasha, shared a touching post via Instagram which reveals the overwhelming sense of grief that she's felt since Avicii's passing on April 20. A photo montage and note, which directly addressed the “Wake Me Up” producer, detailed many memories shared between the former flames. Bettencourt started the post off with a single sentence to describe her current emotional state. “My heart is broken," she wrote before diving into a deep reflection on her relationship with the Swedish entertainer.
People indicates that Bettencourt and Avicii, whose real name is Tim Bergling, dated for more than a year, and reportedly lived together in Los Angeles before breaking things off in December 2014. Bettencourt's touching post to her former loved continued:
"Tim, It Feels like it was just yesterday when we were inseparable. We talked and laughed till sunrise. It was us against the world. Memories to last a lifetime. Through all of our ups and downs I wanted nothing more than to make sure you were healthy and happy and be there for you every step of the way. Give you life, something to look forward to, but the universe had different plans for us."
Anna Webber/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Amidst the post, she also thanked the entertainer for teaching her "what true love feels like" and taking her along on his "journey." She continued,
"The bond, and connection we shared was so pure and real, I don't think it ever really truly broke. It has always been and will always be in my heart forever. It was far too soon for you, so gifted and so special. You were the biggest part of my life and played a huge role, I will forever cherish those moments. I just want you to know that I never stopped having love for you."
Bettencourt is among many close friends, colleagues, and fans who have shared an outpouring of love for the entertainer since his death to include; Liam Payne, Rita Ora, Zedd, Calvin Harris, Dua Lipa, DeadMau5, Charlie Puth and Pauly D.
Avicii underwent surgery for a blocked gallbladder and a burst appendix back in March 2014, and was also diagnosed with pancreatitis in 2013 which caused him to cancel several performances in the months to come, according to Us Weekly. In an October 2014 interview with Billboard, the "Levels" hitmaker credited Bettencourt as being a huge part of his recovery. People reports that Avicii's ailments were reportedly related, in part, to excessive drinking.
The ongoing health issues ultimately prompted the world-renowned DJ to retire from touring in 2016. During his skyrocket to fame, Avicii reportledy kept up an extremely grueling schedule. Page Six indicates that he performed a total of 813 gigs between 2008 and 2016. In a 2013 interview, he told People: “I'm tried, really tired, but I've been at it since I was 17, 18 years old — touring pretty much nonstop, 300 shows a year, and it's been very hectic. I need a break."
Mike Lawrie/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Upon his decision to retreat from the scene at the age of 26, Avicii told The Hollywood Reporter:
“To me it was something I had to do for my health. The scene was not for me. It was not the shows and not the music. It was always the other stuff surrounding it that never came naturally to me. All the other parts of being an artist. I'm more of an introverted person in general. It was always very hard for me. I took on board too much negative energy, I think.”
For his contributions to music, Avicii won the American Music Award for Favorite Electronic Dance Music Artist in 2013, and the Billboard Music Award for Top Dance/Electronic Song in 2014 for "Wake Me Up." He has also been nominated twice for Grammy Awards in the category of Best Dance Recording in 2012 and 2013. Though he retired from touring two years ago, he continued to create new music. His most recent EP AVĨCI (01), which was released last August, is nominated for a 2018 Billboard Music Award for Top Dance/Electronic Album. The 2018 Billboard nomination was announced just days before his death.
Jason Merritt/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
As one of the most beloved EDM performers to ever grace the genre, Avicii will be forever missed by those who were touched by his music and presence. It goes without saying that his spirit will live on in the hearts of those that love him forever.
Five clubs in Bournemouth are now accepting ID in the form of an app that verifies who you are through facial recognition – to the disdain of privacy activists.
The town is the first in the UK to accept the digital identity app Yoti, which claims to offer users a safer way to prove they are who they claim to be.
Users sign up to Yoti, which verifies their face and identification, and acts as a trusted third party when the person gets to the club and scans their Yoti app at the door.
Cameo, Halo, Truth, Yates and Walkabout rolled out the tech on Wednesday night.
The first step in the sign-up process is for a user to send a selfie and a live video clip of them saying three words to Yoti, and then use their phone camera to scan their ID, such as a driving licence or passport.
The biz then verifies that the faces match using facial recognition technology, and claims to carry out "additional checks" to ensure the ID is authentic.
Emma Butler, the data protection officer for Yoti, said that not all these checks are automated, and that there is a team of people trained to spot potentially fraudulent docs.
But the biz told The Register that it can't say any more about those checks in case someone games it – so we don't know, for instance, if the team works with the issuing agencies to guarantee the documents.
Yoti also lays its privacy and security credentials on thick, trotting out phrases like "advanced hybrid encryption" and "secure 'cleanroom'" in its PR puff.
But Alan Woodward, a security researcher at the University of Surrey, said: "If they want the security community to take a look they need to provide a lot more detail.
"Unless they are willing to open it up to such scrutiny I'd suggest anyone thinks twice before entrusting their most valuable ID documents to them. Security through obscurity is no security at all."
However, Yoti is bullish about its security systems, so much so that it points to high-profile hacks like Equifax and Uber as examples of what can go wrong without a new approach.
"Because, despite what the pundits say, the Pandora's Box of personal data can be sealed again," co-founder and CEO Robin Tombs said in a blogpost.
Its answer is to encrypt each piece of information – date of birth, name, address and so on – individually using different 256-bit keys, and store it separately in the biz's UK data centres.
"They can only be retrieved and put back together using the private keys stored on your device," the firm said.
"So, even if our database was breached, hackers would only see a random jumble of data from millions of different users. Just names, dates of birth, genders... nothing to connect them together to create a meaningful profile."
Users need a PIN and their face to log into the app on their phone and Yoti insists it can't access any of its users' data, ever. The ID documents, meanwhile, are stored for seven days while the details are verified.
When they want to get into the club, they choose what type of data to hand over – like date of birth – without having to pass on their name or address at the same time.
They scan a QR code, which shows the bouncer their pic and date of birth and the bouncer checks that picture with the person in front of them. Every time the user hands over some of the information, both parties get a receipt that creates an audit trail.
At this point it's worth noting that some police and licensing authorities now require clubs to keep a record of club-goers, leading to a rise in compulsory ID scanning (no, El Reg hasn't been out in a while, either).
Butler argued that using Yoti means people are handing over less data to the club, because it is limited to the salient points of face and date of birth.
However, privacy activists see the use of facial recognition technology to verify your ID just to get into a club as a step too far.
"This software uses a biometric analysis of its users' faces, creating data that is as sensitive as DNA or fingerprints," said Big Brother Watch.
"The growing prevalence of facial recognition in China has caused great controversy, yet this intrusive technology is now being normalised and trivialised in the UK. We are deeply concerned by such casual use of biometric checks." ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
The longtime fixture of provincial politics was first elected as the NDP representative for a north Edmonton riding in 2000, and is currently the longest serving member in the Alberta Legislature.
EDMONTON—After nearly 30 years in public life — including almost two decades in the Alberta Legislature — Brian Mason announced Wednesday he will not run again.
He rose to leader of the party in 2004, taking over for Raj Pannu, before stepping down in 2014 to open the door for the leadership race that would be won by Rachel Notley.
After Notley led the NDP to victory in the 2015 provincial election, toppling the Progressive Conservative dynasty that had ruled in the province for four decades, Mason stayed on. He is currently minister of transportation.
Prior to entering provincial politics, Mason was a member of Edmonton City council, first running in 1983 and first elected in 1989.
Westfield - Westfield Bank is pleased to announce that Michael J. Supple has joined the Bank as Mortgage Loan Officer at the bank's East Longmeadow office. He will be responsible for origination of residential mortgage loan applications as well as the coordination of mortgage loan processing. He will also play a role in business development for the bank throughout southwestern Massachusetts and north central Connecticut.
Supple has 18 years of experience in the real estate industry, having held sales and agency management positions at First American Title and at Chicago Title Insurance Company, both of Springfield. Most recently, he was Area Sales Manager at the Franklin, Ma office of WFG National Title Insurance Company. He recently served as a Board Member and held the position of Vice President of the New England Land Title Association (NELTA). He serves as President of The Mallard Estates Homeowners' Association, is a member of Buy Ware Now, and an affiliate member of the Realtor Association of Pioneer Valley (RAPV). He is a graduate of the University of Massachusetts Amherst and he resides with his family in Belchertown.
Westfield Bank is a federally chartered stock savings bank that is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). Founded in 1853, the Bank has twenty-one full-service offices in Agawam, Chicopee, East Longmeadow, Feeding Hills, Holyoke, Ludlow, South Hadley, Southwick, Springfield, Ware, Westfield and West Springfield and Enfield and Granby, Connecticut.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
KRISTEN MULLEN / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Elvis impersonator Mike Naperoski sings to Lizzie Breznay, center, of Plains Twp., and her aunt Jeanine Wolczyk of Wilkes-Barre during the annual Wilkes-Barre VA Medical Center patient carnival at the VA Medical Center in Plains Twp.
PLAINS TWP. — While potato pancakes sizzled nearby, Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center patient Robert Moore enjoyed some time outside, eating lunch in the sun.
“It's a beautiful day,” he said.
Moore, a Vietnam War veteran, attended the VA's annual Inpatient Carnival outside the facility on Sunday afternoon, surrounded by food and tables from local organizations aimed at serving veterans.
“I'm getting to thank the people here that do so much for us all day long,” he said. “They always thank me for my service — I tell them it was my honor to serve.”
Deb Schlosser, chief of voluntary service at the VA, said the 52-year-old Inpatient Carnival is one of the hospital's most-anticipated recreational events every year.
“It's very uplifting for the patients,” she said. “They feel appreciated and it lifts their spirits.”
Schlosser said 20 organizations sponsored the carnival this year.
Ann Edwards of Duryea came with the American Legion Auxilliary to support the carnvial. As hospital representative for the group, she organizes bingo nights at the VA for the patients.
“We sponsor two bingos a month,” she said. “We're here all the time.”
She said the bingo nights and Sunday's carnival give her a chance to give back to local veterans.
Contact the writer:
sscinto@citizensvoice.com
570-821-2048,
@sscintoCV on Twitter
Hundreds of protesters descended upon Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday for a “Unite the Right” rally: a belated coming-out party for an emboldened white nationalist movement in the United States.
The rally was dispersed by police minutes after its scheduled start at noon, after clashes between rallygoers and counter-protesters, and after a torchlit pre-rally march Friday night descended into violence. But activity is ongoing, with some rallygoers engaging in a march instead.
It was perhaps a predictable culmination to the event — which has been a prime example of the difficulty of disentangling defenses of “free speech” from efforts to prevent violence, and the fine line between the self-described alt-right movement and more widely recognized forms of white nationalism.
Self-described “pro-white” activist Jason Kessler organized the rally to protest the planned removal of a statue of confederate general Robert E. Lee from a park in Charlottesville. Kessler is affiliated with the alt-right movement that uses internet trolling tactics to argue against diversity and “identity politics” — part of a broader cultural backlash that helped elect Donald Trump.
But the rally quickly attracted other more traditional groups of white nationalists, neo-Nazis, and the Ku Klux Klan.
The involvement of hate groups and the threat of violence led the city of Charlottesville to attempt to marginalize the rally for “hate speech,” but the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) defended the demonstrators' rights. The combination of rallygoers spoiling for a fight, and counter-protestors determined to convey that the rallygoers' ideology was not welcome in America, allowed the violence to overshadow the speech — and eventually prevent the rally from going forward as planned.
Plans to remove a Confederate statue have made Charlottesville a hot spot for right-wing activism
Charlottesville, like many cities in the South, still has public spaces and monuments celebrating heroes of the Confederacy — many of which weren't erected until the 20th century, as the civil rights movement began to pick up steam and Jim Crow laws started to come under attack.
In the wake of the 2015 massacre of several worshipers at Emmanuel AME Church in Charleston by a white supremacist, there's been a renewed push to remove some of these Confederate monuments and rename streets and squares honoring the Confederacy. But where those campaigns have succeeded, there's often been a backlash from conservatives concerned about attempts to erase history, Southerners who consider the Confederacy part of their “heritage,” and outright white nationalists.
In Charlottesville, advocates targeted a statue of Robert E. Lee in a park called Lee Square — City Council members pointed out that Lee had no connection to Charlottesville, implying that commemorating him was just an indirect way to celebrate the Confederacy, while a high-school student collected 600 signatures on a Change.org petition to rename the statue. (A counter-petition collected 2,000 signatures.)
In February, the city council voted to sell the statue and rename the park Emancipation Park. (The statue is still in place.)
The decision made the city a target for right-wing activism and shows of strength — and for activists keen to stand up to them and demonstrate that such ideas weren't welcome. The Ku Klux Klan held a rally in Charlottesville in July, which was dwarfed by a massive counter-protest.
Meanwhile, Charlottesville resident Jason Kessler — a pro-white activist and a member of the Proud Boys, a loose collective of pro-Trump alt-rightists — put together to Unite the Right rally for Saturday, to be held at what event posters still call Lee Park. Speakers include some of the alt-right personalities who have flirted most openly with white nationalism, including Baked Alaska, an internet provocateur who was once the tour manager for fellow internet provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos, as well as self-identified white nationalists like Richard Spencer.
Political researcher Spencer Sunshine of the firm Political Research Associates told the Guardian's Jason Wilson that while the rally was originally intended to attract a broad coalition of right-wing groups, it had become “increasingly Nazified” — with some primarily anti-government “patriot” groups refusing to sign on, and explicitly fascist groups like the National Socialist Movement getting on board instead.
And many supporters and attendees of the rally certainly had no problem using Nazi tropes to promote it.
According to the Charlottesville police affidavit put out before the rally, planned attendees included the Klan; the militia movement (a right-wing movement that gained traction in the 1990s, whose members include the activists who took over a federal nature reserve in early 2016); the “3%”, a right-wing anti-government movement; the Alt-Knights, an alt-right “fight club”; and others.
The Nazification of the alt-right
The arc of to Unite the Right rally — from an ostensible attempt to bring a broad coalition of conservative groups together to protest the controversial removal of a statue, to a “Nazified” rally for “the pro-white movement in America” — mirrors what's been happening to the alt-right as a whole. The movement's leaders have become increasingly willing to dabble in white-nationalist rhetoric and tropes, while attempting to avoid direct accusations of being themselves white nationalists.
The rise of the alt-right is one face of a broader backlash against “identity politics” and “political correctness,” which have left some white Americans feeling that they're losing ground to nonwhites — or that America is losing its identity — and that political, economic, and media elites are either uninterested in defending their heritage or actively trying to eradicate it.
Among some younger, more internet-savvy people, hatred of “political correctness” has paired neatly with online troll culture, in which pushing boundaries and offending people is seen as harmless at worst and a show of cleverness at best.
In 2015 and 2016, the alt-right was an inescapable online presence, with some of its members crediting the movement's “meme magic” with the unexpected popularity of Donald Trump in the Republican presidential primary and, later, the general election. With Trump's election, some of its leaders have become more seriously engaged in politics, via pro-Trump organizations like the Proud Boys and the Alt-Knights.
Like Trump himself, alt-right leaders didn't start out by explicitly aligning themselves with the sort of right-wing groups and movements that almost everyone in 2017 America is willing to agree are racist — like the Nazis or the Ku Klux Klan. But racist rhetoric has become a hallmark of the movement, from the use of “cuck” to deride anti-alt-right conservatives to Twitter harassment of Jewish journalists by photoshopping them into images of Nazi gas chambers.
That crosses the line into ideologies that most Americans agree are taboo. People may believe that Donald Trump supporters aren't necessarily racists, but they are willing to agree that members of the Klan and Nazis are racists. Indeed, it's a contrast with those groups that allows some people to draw the line between “real racism” and liberals “crying wolf” about racism. (This is true outside the alt-right as well — just look at pro-Trump commentator Jeffrey Lord, fired by CNN this week after tweeting “Sieg heil!” in what he claims was a joke.)
Many public figures and politicians on the left, center, and center-right have argued that the alt-right is defined by these actions — among many on the left, the term “alt-right” itself is an unacceptable euphemism that legitimizes an ideology that would be considered unacceptable if it were simply called white nationalism. Progressive writer Lindy West wrote in 2016 that the term “alt-right” was “an attempt to rebrand warmed-over Reconstruction-era white supremacy as a cool, new (and harmless!) internet fad.”
Instead of responding by deliberately distancing themselves from white nationalism, though, leaders of the alt-right have deliberately blurred the distinction. They've adopted memes and hand gestures (like the “okay” symbol) as an inside joke, because people outside the movement have mistaken them for white nationalist symbols. The attitude tends to be that if “the left” is going to see them as Nazis, they might as well encourage that conception.
But there are plenty of people whose Naziism isn't ironic at all. And at an event like to Unite the Right rally, it's impossible to tell the difference between someone who's wearing a swastika pin or giving a Nazi salute “ironically” and someone who's doing it in earnest. The people who claim they're doing it “ironically” don't appear to have any problem with that confusion.
The line between “protected speech” and violent street fighting is getting very blurry
As the movement behind to Unite the Right rally has become so closely intertwined with groups universally condemned as racist, the response to the rally has started to treat it as inherently illegitimate — as an attack on the rights of people of color, LGBTQ Americans, non-Christians, and immigrants to live and worship safely in the United States.
AirBnb shut down accounts of users who were seeking accommodations in Charlottesville for the rally, citing its “Community Commitment”: “those who are members of the Airbnb community accept people regardless of their race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, or age.”
And local governments have taken the initiative to shut down right-wing demonstrations before they happen — forcing them into the tricky position of deciding the line between protected free speech activity and physical violence waiting to happen.
In Portland in June, the city government attempted to revoke a permit for a pro-Trump “free speech” rally, but didn't succeed — then dispersed the rally and a counter-protest when they descended into violence.
In Charlottesville, the city government attempted to move to Unite the Right rally out of downtown; the ACLU helped defend the rally, and a judge's injunction Friday night allowed the original plan to remain in place. (Virginia governor Terry McAuliffe, meanwhile, urged both would-be rallygoers and would-be counter-protesters to stay away from downtown Charlottesville Saturday.)
The problem is that while the law sees a clear distinction between speech and action when it comes to violence — a peaceful Nazi rally is protected by the First Amendment — many of the people attending do not.
The recent right-wing resurgence has fed a rise in an American “antifa” (short for “anti-fascist”) movement, dedicated to violent resistance of ideologies that it sees as inherently violent (or, in simpler terms, dedicated to punching Nazis). While the counter-protesters to Saturday's Unite the Right rally planned peaceful resistance, some were prepared for self-defense; local activist Emily Gorecenski told the Guardian that she was carrying a gun because “The second amendment is one of the few civil rights I have left as a trans woman.”
And many rally participants, for their part, were more than willing to beat up counter-protesters — as was demonstrated during a related march Friday night on the campus of the University of Virginia, which devolved into a brawl when marchers assaulted counter-protesters around a statue of Thomas Jefferson.
After stepping in somewhat belatedly on Friday, police officers took an aggressive stand Saturday to prevent the rally from going forward as planned. Both the city of Charlottesville and the state of Virginia declared states of emergency Saturday, minutes before the scheduled start time of the rally (but after clashes had already begun). Shortly before noon, police assembled at the rally site and declared the assembly “unlawful” before the rally actually began, then moved immediately to disperse the crowd.
But it's too late to keep to Unite the Right rally from becoming violent; to some, its concept was inherently violent, and few appear invested in stopping physical violence from erupting in its wake.
Win by 8 wickets with 77 balls to spare; Hasan Ali named the Man of the Match of Champions Trophy semi-final
Cardiff
Pakistan will be one half of an all-Asian final at The Oval on Sunday. Here they out-bowled, out-batted and out-thought an England side that was neutered by the occasion, the nature of a secondhand pitch and vibrant, skilful opponents.
Against the odds Pakistan raced to the most emphatic of victories by eight wickets with 77 balls to spare to the delight of their fans, who were certainly noisier and probably more numerous than those supporting the home side, reports the Guardian.
Humiliatingly for England this was the most one-sided game of a tournament they were supposed to win.
England scored an improbable 211 from 49.5 overs. In this era one can expect them to be dismissed for such a low score now and again but surely from no more than 35 overs, so aggressive has been their modus operandi. That total was nowhere near enough. Triggered by another exotic innings from Fakhar Zaman (57 from 58 balls) Pakistan's batsmen spared their ecstatic supporters any stress, apart from the puzzle of acquiring some tickets for the final.
However the match was really won by Pakistan in the field. A makeshift attack, devoid of Mohammad Amir, who was suffering from back spasms, and expertly marshalled by the increasingly Napoleonic Sarfraz Ahmed behind the stumps, bowled with great discipline and controlled aggression. A couple of dropped catches were of no consequence since the much-vaunted England batting line-up invited a variety of cliches. Were they flat-track bullies, one-trick ponies or all mouth and no trousers? Or a combination of all three?
After being beaten by their rivals India in their first match in the tournament, Pakistan came from behind to defeat top-ranked South Africa and then Sri Lanka, and now emerged victorious against England to march into the final of the event for the first time.
Pacer Hasan Ali, the star of the day, was named the Man of the Match for picking up three crucial England wickets for 35 runs.
“We focused on our bowling. My coach Azhar Mahmmod helped me a lot, he gave me the plan and I implemented it,” said Hasan Ali as he received the award. “Tomorrow is my brother's birthday and I dedicate this to him.”
They will now face the winners of the second semi-finals – India and Bangladesh – in the final to be played at The Oval on Sunday Babar Azam and Mohammad Hafeez remained not out on 38 and 31, respectively.
Later Azhar Ali also completed his fifty, 11th in his 49th ODI. Together with Babar Azam, he added 55 runs for the second wicket stand before being got out. He scored 76 off 100 balls with five fours and a six.
Hasan, the leading wicket-taker in the tournament, was superb once again, so too was Junaid Khan and the replacement for Amir, Rumman Raees, was another Pakistan debutant equal to the task.
BOSTON -- David Price had a scheduled off day from his throwing program Monday. He'll resume his work Tuesday here at Fenway Park.
Manager John Farrell said it's too early to tell whether Price will need a rehab start before he returns (the minor league regular season ends in early September).
"We haven't even approached that with David yet," Farrell said.
For now, Doug Fister is holding Price's spot in the starting rotation.
Fister struggled Monday vs. the Indians. He allowed five runs, all earned, seven hits and four walks in 4 1/3 innings. The Red Sox lost 7-3.
Farrell said Fister firmly holds the fifth spot in the starting rotation.
"At this point, yeah," Farrell said.
Command was an issue Monday.
"The difference in this one tonight compared to the last two starts were the number of walks included with some base hits," Farrell said. "(He's) a guy that's going to pitch to contact. There's going to be some hits inside of a given game. But felt like with the additional base runners and the walks, that was the difference in this one."
But what if Fister doesn't pitch well in his next start? The leash can be only so long.
The best-case scenario, of course, is to return a healthy Price as soon as possible. But that remains to be seen.
The Red Sox have three other viable options if Fister fails to get the job done. Two of the three are on the 40-man roster. The other is an outside-the-box candidate.
Brian Johnson has returned to Triple-A Pawtucket's rotation after he missed a couple starts with shoulder fatigue. He visited the team doctors here in Boston on July 28. He has surrendered just two runs in 9 innings since his return.
Hector Velazquez, who like Johnson is both on the 40-man roster and has made spot starts for Boston this year, has had an impressive season for Pawtucket.
He's 7-4 with a 2.25 ERA, 1.07 WHIP and .224 batting average against in 16 starts (88 innings). But he has struggled of late. He surrendered two or fewer runs in 12 of his first 13 starts, but he gave up five runs July 29 and five runs (four earned) Aug. 12.
Jalen Beeks, a 24-year-old lefty who was Andrew Benintendi's former roommate at Arkansas, is an intriguing option.
Beeks would need to be added to the 40-man roster but that needs to be done by November any way to protect him from the Rule 5 Draft. He's certainly someone the Red Sox will look to protect this offseason.
He began the season at Double-A Portland where he went 5-1 with a 2.19 ERA, 1.16 WHIP and one complete game shutout in nine starts (49 1/3 innings). He held the opposition to a .199 batting average.
He has posted a 5-4 record, 3.04 ERA and 1.12 WHIP in 13 starts (74 innings) since his promotion to Pawtucket. The opposition has batted .217 against him.
The 2014 12th-round pick added a cutter to his repertoire this season.
"I think he's always had a nice, deceptive fastball," Red Sox assistant pitching coach Brian Bannister told MassLive.com earlier this season. "I thought his changeup lacked depth last year. And he's added depth to it. The bottom falls out of it a little bit more. It gets a little bit more tail to it. Adding the cutter has helped kind of fill in that gap between his fastball velocity and his changeup velocity. His curveball is typically in the 70s.
"And so having something in the high-80s just gives him a much more dynamic, complete mix when he faces hitters. I think it also helps get hitters off the fastball because they have to respect the cutter movement towards third base and his fastball moves pretty hard toward first base. I think that contrast has worked and he's had a good year."
Roenis Elias entered spring training as one of Boston's top depth option but he spent much of the season on the disabled list with a right intercostal muscle strain. He has struggled since his return but did have his best start last time out for Pawtucket. He went 6 2/3 innings. He gave up five hits and two walks while striking out five. The run came on a homer.
(ru) Все права защищены! © 2007 - Contact online news : При использовании материалов активная гиперссылка на www.contact.az обязательна
(en) All rights reserved! © 2007 - Contact online news : When reprinting, active hyperlink on www.contact.az required. Powered by © Contact Online news, 2007 -
Email: editor.contact.az@gmail.com
Sign-up for an online subscription for access to The Journal's website with one of the following subscriber options:
Monthly Subscription - $5 This subscription will automatically charge your account monthly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Quarterly Subscription - $15 This subscription will automatically charge your account quarterly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Annual Subscription - $30 This subscription will automatically charge your account annually for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
PRINT SUBSCRIPTION BY MAIL: If you're interested in a newspaper subscription through the mail, email us at calhouncountyjournal@gmail.com
Harvey Weinstein indicted on rape and criminal sexual act charges
Harvey Weinstein was indicted Wednesday on charges of rape in the first and third degrees and criminal sex act in the first degree, Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. announced.
Weinstein, who did not testify before the grand jury, had previously been charged through a criminal complaint that did not require him to enter a plea.
His attorney, Benjamin Brafman, has signaled that the producer will plead not guilty at his arraignment.
“This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which he is now charged. Our office will try this case not in the press, but in the courtroom where it belongs. The defendant's recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable. We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand,” Vance Jr. said in a statement. “This investigation remains active and ongoing.”
Brafman noted in a statement that the indictment was not a surprise.
“We asked the district attorney for more time so that Mr. Weinstein's attorneys could gather the material needed to properly prepare him for his grand jury testimony but that request was denied. We remind everyone that an indictment is merely a formal accusation,” he said. “Mr. Weinstein intends to enter a plea of not guilty and vigorously defend against these unsupported allegations that he strongly denies. We will soon formally move to dismiss the indictment and if this case actually proceeds to trial, we expect Mr. Weinstein to be acquitted.”
Weinstein, 66, has been accused by dozens of women of sexual misconduct and has been investigated by the New York City Police Department, the Manhattan District Attorney's Office, the New York Attorney General's Office, the Los Angeles Police Department and U.K. authorities. He has denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex.
Last week, he was arrested, processed and charged with rape, criminal sex act, sex abuse and sexual misconduct for alleged incidents involving two separate women, police said. The criminal sex act charge stems from an allegation brought by Lucia Evans, who told the New Yorker magazine last year that Weinstein forced her to perform oral sex in 2004 during what she thought was a business meeting. The rape charge stems from an allegation by a woman who has not been publicly identified.
Weinstein is currently free on $1 million bail.
On Tuesday, Brafman told reporters that Weinstein had had a 10-year consensual relationship with the woman he has been accused of raping, both before and after the alleged 2013 attack. The revelation came after a 90-minute meeting Brafman had in a New York City judge's chambers with Vance Jr. The judge ordered the transcript of the meeting sealed, so the prosecutors' response is unknown. Brafman also expressed concern that Weinstein might not be able to get a fair trial.
“One of my concerns is … some of the publicity that has occurred over the weekend and the ability for people to keep an open mind,” Brafman told reporters. “I also think that pressure that is being brought to bear on the district attorney's office — demanding that an indictment or a prosecution of Mr. Weinstein proceed — is inappropriate pressure, it is unprecedented and it troubles me, and I wanted to make those matters known to the court.”
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen speaks in Washington, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, to announce the Federal Open Market Committee decision on interest rates following a two-day meeting. The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months, providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy. (Photo: Susan Walsh / AP)
Washington — The Federal Reserve has raised its benchmark interest rate for the third time in six months, providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy. The Fed also announced plans to start gradually paring its bond holdings later this year, which could cause long-term rates to rise.
The increase in the short-term rate by a quarter-point to a still-low range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent could lead to higher borrowing costs for consumers and businesses and slightly better returns for savers.
The central bank chose to raise rates again despite an economic slowdown at the start of 2017, which it predicts will prove temporary. It foresees one additional rate hike this year, unchanged from its previous forecast. It gave no hint of when that might occur.
The latest Fed rate hike, announced in a statement after a policy meeting, comes as the U.S. economy is growing only sluggishly. Even so, many of the barometers the Fed monitors most closely have given it the confidence to keep gradually lifting still-low borrowing rates toward their historic norms.
Though it assesses the overall economy, the Fed's mandates are to maximize employment and stabilize prices. And hiring in the United States remains solid if slowing, with employment at a 16-year-low of 4.3 percent — even below the level that the Fed associates with full employment.
Inflation has been more problematic, having long stayed below the central bank's 2 percent target rate. Recent data have suggested that inflation may even be slowing further. But Fed officials have said they think inflation will soon pick up along with the economy.
That said, no one expects the Fed's rate hikes to turn aggressive. If nothing else, the chronically low inflation and the political fights and uncertainty in Washington — over investigations into Russia's ties to President Donald Trump's campaign, health care legislation, tax-cut plans and about whether Congress will raise the nation's borrowing limit and pass a new budget — could lead the Fed to raise rates more slowly than it otherwise would.
Uncertainty also surrounds the membership of the Fed's own policy committee. Trump is expected soon to fill three vacancies on the Fed's influential board, and those new members, depending on who they are, could alter its rate-setting policy.
Fed officials have concluded that the economy, now entering its ninth year of expansion, no longer needs the ultra-low borrowing rates they supplied beginning in the Great Recession.
The central bank kept its benchmark rate at a record low near zero starting in late 2008 to try to boost consumer and business borrowing and lift the country out of the worst downturn since the 1930s. It finally raised the rate modestly in December 2015, then waited a year do so again. It acted again in March.
At the depths of the recession, the Fed began buying Treasury and mortgage bonds to try to depress long-term loan rates. That effort resulted in a five-fold increase in its portfolio to $4.5 trillion. The Fed said Wednesday that it would eventually allow a small amount of bonds to mature without being replaced — an amount that would gradually rise as markets adjusted to the process.
Some news reports have mentioned leading candidates to fill the three vacancies on the Fed's seven-member board. They include Randal Quarles, a top Treasury official in two past Republican administrations, for the vice chairman's job of overseeing bank regulation. Marvin Goodfriend, an economist at Carnegie Mellon University, has been mentioned for another board spot, and Robert Jones, chief executive of Old National Bancorp in Indiana, reportedly is a candidate for a board seat designated for a community banker.
The betting is that the administration will choose officials who will tilt the Fed toward a more “hawkish” stance. Hawks tend to worry that rates kept too low for too long could escalate inflation or fuel asset bubbles. By contrast, “doves” favor the direction taken under Chair Janet Yellen, favoring relatively low rates to maximize employment.
Yellen, the first woman to lead the Fed, is serving a term that will end in February. So far, Trump has sent conflicting signals about whether he plans to nominate her for a second term.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2tnakoV
Expectations in Israel are high for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as he holds his first post-inauguration meeting with President Trump at the White House on Wednesday. Netanyahu, who had a famously rocky relationship with former President Barack Obama, is expected to seek a public reset of U.S.-Israeli relations, plus commitment to a hard-line stance on Iran while trying to avoid any confrontation on Israeli settlements in Palestinian lands. Trump and Netanyahu will hold a joint press conference after their meeting.
Trump has been focusing on reaching a peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians, and Jared Kushner, his son-in-law and Mideast peace envoy, will take part in Wednesday's meetings along with strategist Stephen Bannon. A White House official said Tuesday night that Trump won't insist on a two-state solution, though it's not clear if he will propose an alternative on Wednesday. "It's something the two sides have to agree to. It's not for us to impose that vision," the official said of the idea of side-by-side Palestinian and Israeli states. "A two-state solution that doesn't bring peace is not our goal."
The Obama administrations did not insist on a two-state solution so much as present it as the most viable route, The Washington Post notes, and Netanyahu's right flanks back home are increasingly opposed to Palestinian statehood. Trump reportedly plans to first try to reach a deal between Israel and Arab states, hoping those states can bring the fractured Palestinian territories on board.
Netanyahu's visit also comes amid the fallout of National Security Adviser Michael Flynn's forced resignation on Monday night. It isn't clear how that will shape the Trump-Netanyahu meeting. Flynn's resignation "deprives Mr. Netanyahu of his strongest ally inside the White House for raising pressure on Iran," The New York Times says. "Flynn's absence is unlikely to affect the agenda or U.S. positions," The Washington Post counters. "His hawkish voice on Iran reflects Trump's views, and he was not expected to be a main player in any White House push for a peace agreement." Martin Indyk, Obama's special envoy for Mideast peace, sides with the Times: "On the one issue that Bibi wants to talk about, Iran, he's missing his wingman, General Flynn. His wingman has just been shot down." Peter Weber
Britain had its coldest night of the year as vast swathes of the country fell below freezing - with -13C (8.6F) recorded in Shropshire.
Clear skies overnight saw temperatures plummet below the -12.4C (9.6F) on Saturday night - with the Met Office recording a new low in Shawbury, north east of Shrewsbury.
Yellow weather warnings for snow and ice are in place until 11am on Tuesday, covering vast swathes of the country, including London and the South East, much of the Midlands, Northern Ireland and Wales, as well as the eastern coast of England and parts of Scotland.
In parts of Gloucestershire, 36 homes were without power for a second night after ice and snow caused disruption across the country over the weekend.
Western Power Distribution said the outage was caused by the weather and engineers were expecting to have the power restored by 7.30am on Tuesday.
Meanwhile, dozens of schools in the South West, West Midlands and Wales will keep their gates closed for a second day following the bitterly cold conditions.
The AA said it had its busiest day of the year on Monday with around 25,000 calls from motorists - and was preparing for a deluge of calls on Tuesday.
AA president Edmund King said: “We expect Tuesday to be extremely busy as temperatures plummet overnight, causing even more hazardous conditions on already wet and slippery roads.
“All of our patrols are working hard throughout the country to help those broken down or stuck in ice and snow and we have plans in place to ensure our call operators can travel to and from work safely to answer emergency breakdown calls.”
‘Nothing to See Here!' as ‘Russiagate' Reveals the ‘Wrong' Collusion by Neil Clark – Sputnik News
“Nothing to see here. Please disperse!” That classic scene from the film The Naked Gun – when cop Frank Drebin tells the assembled crowd there's not really much going on – while behind him a fireworks factory is exploding and people are fleeing in all directions – springs readily to mind when we consider recent developments in American politics.
In Like Flynn!
We were told that the indictment of former National Security Advisor General Michael Flynn — who admitted he had lied about a phone call he made to the Russian Ambassador during the so-called ‘transition period' — would prove conclusively that Donald Trump was in bed with the Russkies. ‘Russiagate' would be proved once and for all.
But — embarrassingly for the US's Russophobic political and media establishment the collusion with a foreign power that the case has exposed is not collusion with Russia — but with Israel.
The biggest story of the year — is suddenly not very big any more. It's been quite hilarious to see pundits who were getting terribly excited about the ‘smoking gun' that Flynn's indictment would reveal lose their interest in the story as it took a dramatic ‘wrong' turn — and implicated the ‘wrong' country. Embarrassingly, it's a country that almost the entire US media and political elite are strong supporters of.
Flynn's phone call was revelatory alright but not in the ways the Russophobes had hoped for.
The General first of all urged the Russian Ambassador not to retaliate for the new sanctions that the outgoing Obama administration had imposed on Russia. In the words of Max Blumenthal — “Flynn was caught trying to influence Russia, not the other way around.” The Russians did not escalate the situation.
Flynn then proposed greater US-Russian co-operation in fighting ISIS and al-Qaeda in Syria. Again, what was so scandalous about that?
But what was certainly controversial: the equivalent of Naked Gun's exploding firework factory, was Flynn's lobbying of Russia to use its veto to block the passing of a UNSC Resolution condemning the growth of Israel's settlements.
“On or about 22nd December 2016, Flynn contacted the Russian Ambassador about the pending vote. Flynn informed the Russian Ambassador about the incoming administration's opposition to the resolution, and requested that Russia vote against or delay the resolution'… on or about December 23rd 2016, Flynn again spoke with the Russian Ambassador, who informed Flynn that if it came to a vote Russia would not vote against the resolution…” the Statement of Offense against Flynn declares.
Flynn made his request about the UN vote at the behest of Trump's son-in-law and top advisor Jared Kushner, who has strong links to Israel — links which investigative journalist Max Blumenthal documents here.
Russiagate has morphed into Israelgate. The New York Timesreported on 1st December:
“Mr. Mueller's investigators have learned through witnesses and documents that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel asked the Trump transition team to lobby other countries to help Israel, according to two people briefed on the inquiry. Investigators have learned that Mr. Flynn and Mr. Kushner took the lead in those efforts….Mr. Mueller's team has emails that show Mr. Flynn saying he would work to kill the vote, the people briefed on the matter said.”
Furthermore, the Guardianreported, how on 23rd December 2016, the day after Flynn talked to the Russian Ambassador, an unnamed Israeli official had told CNN that his country did ‘reach out' to President-elect Trump about the vote.
Trump did indeed speak out to condemn the UN vote.
The revelations should have made front page across the world. But guess what — they haven't. We can only imagine the furor if the ‘reaching out' country had been Russia — and if Flynn had called other countries to kill a UN vote on Russia's behalf.
Arla is launching a new co-branded Happy Meal and Arla Organic Milk bottle which will roll out across McDonald's UK restaurants.
The new design of the 250ml bottles, which will feature the Arla logo alongside the iconic Golden Arches, will be available in Happy Meals and will be sold in over 1,270 UK McDonald's restaurants, reaching over 5.5 million customers per year.
This marks the latest Arla initiative aimed at making its branded organic milk more accessible to customers.
Arla and McDonald's have been working together for 30 years, with Arla supplying McDonald's with organic milk since 2007 for use in its teas, coffees, porridge and Happy Meal milk bottles. This growing partnership means that Arla is expected to supply over 30 million litres of organic milk to the restaurant chain this year.
Arla and McDonald's also have a long history of partnership on a series of agricultural initiatives, aimed at improving animal welfare, sustainability and farmer resilience. In 2017, McDonald's was delighted to receive the Compassion in World Farming Good Dairy Commendation for the commitments, made with Arla, on welfare standards around their organic milk supply.
Off the back of their award, Arla is actively working to boost links between McDonald's and Arla farmer owners by identifying a specific group of farmers to work with to ensure that it is continuing to meet the robust welfare criteria for dairy cows.
Jonathan Dixon, vice president of Food Service, Arla Foods UK, said: “We have recently repositioned our branded organic milk as Arla Organic Milk to highlight its free range credentials, and the rollout of Arla Organic Milk 250ml into McDonald's restaurants across the country is a great way for us to expand the reach of our products.
“The Compassion in World Farming awards win shows our ongoing commitment to our 30-year partnership with McDonald's and we look forward to working together on a series of new initiatives in the coming months and years. Watch this space!”
Pete Garbutt, McDonald's UK Agriculture Manager, said: “Arla has been supplying McDonald's with organic milk since 2007, and we're proud that over 30 million litres will be distributed to our restaurants around the country this year.”
Wes Bryan set to compete in first U.S. Open
Former Gamecock Wes Bryan is set to compete in his first ever U.S. Open Thursday in Erin Hills, Wisconsin.
The Dutch Fork High grad is now two months removed from winning his first PGA Tour event at the RBC Heritage in Hilton Head, but now the stakes are raised for the 21st-ranked golfer in the world as he looks to claim his first major Sunday.
by Ellen Andrews | Aug 14, 2017 5:30am
( ) Comments | Log in to Facebook to Post a Comment
Posted to: Analysis, Child Welfare, Equality, Health Care, Insurance, Opinion, Health Care Opinion, Public Health
Lightspring via shutterstock
Things are good in Connecticut's Medicaid program now, but it wasn't always this way.
Five years ago, Medicaid stopped using insurance companies that weren't held accountable for providing care and the state is now saving hundreds of millions of dollars.
Emergency Room visits are down, more providers participate, and quality is up, but sadly, state officials have forgotten how bad Connecticut Medicaid used to be and are moving backward to a very similar payment scheme.
In January, the state moved 137,000 Medicaid enrollees into a shared savings program, spending over $3 million in scarce taxpayer dollars on grants to large health systems.
Under shared savings, if big health systems are able to lower the cost of their enrollees' care, they get to keep half the savings. They generate those savings by reducing duplicate or unnecessary care and keeping people healthy. But they can also save by denying necessary care, as the insurance companies did in the old, failed scheme. Shared savings programs in other states have been disappointing.
Despite this, Connecticut Medicaid intends to expand share savings to another 200,000 people next January without any meaningful evaluation on the first wave. We won't know whether people are being denied necessary care or if the state is paying more under the experiment. All new programs, especially risky experiments like this, need robust evaluation from the beginning. But the state's evaluation plans are weak and will be too late to be useful.
Let's fast-forward to 2020 when, as planned, all Medicaid members are under shared savings.
Much of our hard won progress will be erased. Connecticut Medicaid will no longer be a national model of improvement, but a cautionary tale.
Before 2012, people were routinely denied needed care. People who got home health hours or effective medications are told they are no longer approved. In fact, they never even hear about many effective treatment options because the health system needs to maximize shared savings. Care coordinators who were funded by the one-time state grants are now gone, as is the very successful state Intensive Care Management program. Quality and patient care have stopped improving and are trending down. As in the past, people with complex conditions are bearing the brunt of the downslide. But there is no one to hold accountable, as these large health systems are not regulated.
Strangely, the large health systems are getting sizeable shared savings payments, while overall Medicaid costs are going up. This is because, as is now happening in other states, large health systems can easily drop people with complex conditions who rack up high bills while attracting people who are easier to treat. This generates false “savings” payments from the state without doing anything to manage care or prevent illness.
Medicaid spending has again, as before, become a budget buster, growing at an unsustainable rate. But unlike years ago, Connecticut doesn't have surplus funds to throw at the problem, so difficult decisions are being made. Possibilities include cuts to Medicaid enrollment, nursing homes and long term services and supports (that is where most spending is). Benefits are cut and payment rates are slashed so providers are once again fleeing the program. People are forced to turn to emergency rooms for problems that could have been prevented. There is sharp growth in demand at state agencies and safety net providers for services that aren't being provided by the health systems but because of state budget cuts they can't meet the need. Unfortunately, state officials remain blindly committed to the program, failing to check the data or spending.
The good news is that this scenario can be avoided. Before it is too late, the state must evaluate the program, and hold off expanding until they know if people are being harmed or if taxpayers are being fleeced. The capacity and the data exist at the state, but state officials refuse to use it. We must watch the money like hawks and be sure the upfront grants are being used to improve care. The state needs to regulate large health systems that take on financial risk — for all of us, not just Medicaid members.
Ellen Andrews is the executive director of the CT Health Policy Project.
DISCLAIMER: The views, opinions, positions, or strategies expressed by the author are theirs alone, and do not necessarily reflect the views, opinions, or positions of CTNewsJunkie.com.
(Credit: Def Jam)
By Annie Reuter
Vince Staples is teaming up with Marvel once again. A previously unreleased song of his is featured in the trailer for the computer animated film The Spider-Man: Into The Spider-Verse.
Related: Vince Staples and Tyler the Creator Reveal Joint 2018 Tour Dates
In the nearly 90-second clip, Staples can be heard rapping over slick beats as the adventure plays out on screen. “This morning I woke up in the fortress of distortion / I'm at war with my emotions / I'm coming home now / I'm coming home / Right where I belong now / Right where I belong,” he raps.
Watch the trailer for the film below.
Previously, Staples' song “BagBak” was featured in the Marvel film Black Panther. The Spider-Man: Into The Spider-Verse, is expected to hit theaters Christmas 2018.
EASTER CHANGES: Payment dates may change over the Easter holidays for some clients.
EASTER CHANGES: Payment dates may change over the Easter holidays for some clients. AAP Image
CENTRELINK, Medicare and Child Support customers should plan ahead for the Easter long weekend.
Department service centres and most phone lines will be closed on Good Friday, March 30, and Easter Monday, April 2.
People receiving payments may have changes to their reporting dates.
Department of Human Services General Manager Hank Jongen said payments would not be delayed by the holidays but some people would receive their payments slightly earlier.
"People who are due to receive a Centrelink payment on Good Friday or Easter Monday may be paid beforehand and will need to budget for a slightly longer period between payment dates," he said.
"Those who need to report job search efforts or earnings to the department may need to report early in order to avoid a delay in their payments.
"Remember when reporting, people must include estimates of their earnings or other changes for their normal 14-day assessment period.
"This is because while their reporting date may be different, their assessment period remains the same.
"People who miss their reporting date will have up to 13 days after that date to report their income.
"However, they won't be paid until they have reported."
Other services will not experience interruption over the break including online services, BasicsCard balance transfers and some Medicare patient claims.
People may still use myGov online services, Express Plus mobile apps and phone self-service to check their reporting dates, update details and report earnings quickly and easily.
Medicare claims can continue to be lodged at the doctor's office, online or through the Express Plus Medicare app.
Go online or use a mobile app to check if Centrelink payments have been received before phone lines close for the long weekend."
Clients may transfer funds to their BasicsCard throughout the holiday period by using self service options or calling 1800 132 594 between 8am and 5pm.
BasicsCard balances may be checked at any time by calling 1800 057 111.
For more information visit humanservices.gov.au/holidays
TST 11 :>> It is a remarkable new supplement that causes you achieve better results in the room. If you have to support enjoyment and execution, this supplement is perfect for you. It's point by point with ordinary fixings that are clinically endorsed to improve your moxy, drive, essentialness, and stamina. In case you have to restore your sexual prosperity and vitality, you will love New TST 11 Male Enhancement Pills. By initiating better sexual response and growing stamina, you will be moreover captivating and virile. Make an effort not to allow your sexual prosperity to fall by the wayside. People wherever are experiencing better sexual encounters! Studies show that couples who stay dynamic longer are more euphoric, more useful, and more fulfilled! Resuscitate your imperativeness and execution now!
Visit Here >>>> http://www.facts4supplement.com/tst-11/
The Music Man
Daren A. Herbert stars as Harold Hill in the Stratford Festival production of The Music Man. ( CYLLA VON TIEDEMANN )
Book, music and lyrics by Meredith Willson, story by Willson and Franklin Lacey. Directed and choreographed by Donna Feore. At the Festival Theatre, 55 Queen St., Stratford until Nov. 3. stratfordfestival.ca or 1-800-567-1600 The term “showstopper” is getting a workout at the Stratford Festival this year. Not in a good way at first, when a bomb scare forced the unprecedented cancellation of Monday evening's season-opening performance of The Tempest. But director/choreographer Donna Feore and the wonderful company of The Music Man brought all the right meanings back with the signature number “Seventy-Six Trombones,” which earned a sustained mid-act standing ovation at Tuesday's premiere. It felt as if the whole festival exhaled at that point, affirming that this kind of joy is what it's all about.
Article Continued Below
Meredith Willson's 1957 musical is justly beloved for its accomplished and varied score, and it's the music — and the opportunity it affords for fluid staging and eye-popping choreography — that's at the forefront of this production (Franklin Brasz leads the superb orchestra). The production is so vivacious and the supporting performances so good that they just about make up for a central weakness: a cryptic performance from Daren A. Herbert as Professor Harold Hill, the titular music man, and a lack of strong connection between Herbert and Danielle Wade as his love interest, the local librarian Marian Paroo. Read more: Stratford Festival and actors ‘resilient' after opening night bomb threat Stratford Festival's two musicals this season couldn't be more different. Donna Feore is directing and choreographing both By leaning into the material's folksiness Feore also goes a long way toward selling a story that has, by contemporary standards, some icky elements in terms of its representation of women, men and courtship. The epithet that Mayor Shinn (the hilarious Steve Ross) throws around about Hill — that he's a “spellbinder” — sums up Feore's accomplishment here: the showmanship generates so much goodwill as to almost eclipse the questionable elements.
Feore's sure hand is evident from the first scene, “Rock Island,” a talk-sung number by salesmen sounding off about Hill's dodgy tactics. She seats them in a long row and they rock back and forth, simulating the movement of a train, an effect furthered by Michael Walton's isolation of them onstage in long rectangular beams of light, with motion further signalled by lighting changes outside the windows of Michael Gianfrancesco's set. Mark Harapiak as Hill's nemesis Charlie Cowell (“But you gotta know the territory!”) and the rest of the chorus handle the complex weave of spoken-word lyrics with perfect diction.
Article Continued Below
The thrust of the story is that Hill chances on an unhappy Iowa town and, through his energy and irreverence, liberates it. But if the town were really uptight it might also be boring, so Feore has it bursting with vivacity from the number that introduces it, “Iowa Stubborn,” with everyone decked out in their Fourth of July finest (designed with over-the-top zest by Dana Osborne). The town's problems come through in individual characterizations and relationships: the shyness of little Winthrop Paroo (Alexander Elliot, who brings the house down with his rendition of “Gary, Indiana”); the bickering men whom Hill effortlessly turns into a perfect barbershop quartet (George Krissa, Robert Markus, Sayer Roberts and Marcus Nance); the gossipy townswomen sent up in the charming number “Pick-a-Little, Talk-a-Little.” Ross and Blythe Wilson are perfectly matched as the exasperated mayor and his pretentious wife. As Feore notes in the program, what Willson delivers in many of these numbers is essentially rapped (before Hamilton, there was The Music Man) and there are points throughout her staging where she weaves in elements of contemporary movement and physical expression, particularly in her choreography of the 10-strong teen chorus led by the electric Devon Michael Brown as Tommy Djilas and Heather Kosik as his sweetheart Zaneeta, the mayor's daughter. The level of physical risk in the combination of airborne spins and kicks is quite astonishing. Marian is a leading member of this community but also somewhat apart from it, the subject of gossip because she convinced a wealthy miser to endow most of the town's institutions and entrust the contents of its library to her. While her singing sometimes wavers uncertainly between operatic and more conventional musical theatre delivery, Wade is an excellent actor and makes Marian complex and likeable. Quieter first act scenes in front of the Paroo family home, anchored by Denise Oucharek's warm performance as the Irish matriarch, offer some nice variation from all the bustle of the big group numbers. Amidst all this, Herbert's Harold Hill always seems to be holding back a bit, playing the material at a certain distance, as if he knows something it doesn't. This could perhaps work as a strategy if the character transformed as the evening goes on, infused by the spirit of the town and Marian's goodness, but he's not yet loosening up in the role (perhaps he will as the long run continues). His dogged pursuit of Marian — following her to work and then to her home — starts to feel a bit creepy, and the spoken scenes between them in the second act are the production's weakest moments. But there's so much else going on that's captivating, starting and ending with Feore's total command of the staging. Just the transitions alone — the way in which action is spotlighted on one part of the stage as a set shift happens elsewhere — are physical poetry. By the time the “Wells Fargo Wagon” arrives in the first-act closing number, conveyed in a manner that's too delicious to spoil, the audience is pretty much giddy and continues so with another barnstormer early in the second act, “Shipoopi,” led by Mark Uhre's ebullient Marcellus. Two hours and 40 minutes fly by. I didn't want this show to end.
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre Pause
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
1:20 The United States of Powerball
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals
3:01 Frank Martin addresses Sindarius Thornwell reinstatement
More fallout over Roseanne tweet
Hollywood, CA (WOLO) — Less than 24 hours after comedian Roseanne Barr send out a tweet that sent shock waves on social media, there is even more fallout surrounding the controversial comments.
Tuesday the ABC Network decided to pull the rebooted version of “Roseanne” even though it was a hit with a reported 27 million viewers. After Barr tweeted what many have described as an abhorrent, racist, and disgusting tweet, likening former White House Senior Advisor Valerie Jarrett to “Muslim brotherhood” and “Planet of the Apes. A post that has since been removed. Shortly after Barr sent out this tweet:
I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans. I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about her politics and her looks. I should have known better. Forgive me-my joke was in bad taste. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 29, 2018
Roseanne has since tweeted an apology and says she is not racist, but says she instead was on a prescribed sleep aid and was “Ambien texting” at 2 in the morning. Ambien released this statement on Twitter saying:
People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world. While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication. — Sanofi US (@SanofiUS) May 30, 2018
President Donald Trump is even breaking his silence in defense of the actress, Cast members are also speaking up about the twitter rant. Meanwhile, Viacom and Hulu have both pulled old episodes of the “Roseanne” show.
ABC's Maggie Rulli has the very latest developments.
North Korea has warned the United States that it is “ready to hit back with nuclear attacks”, as it displayed its war arsenal. Among the hardware on display were the new intercontinental and submarine-launched ballistic missiles.
“We're prepared to respond to an all-out war with an all-out war,” said Choe Ryong-hae, the country's second most powerful official.
“We are ready to hit back with nuclear attacks of our own style against any nuclear attacks,” he said.
The comments came as North Korea, Saturday morning, marked the 105th anniversary of the birth of its founding president, Kim Il-sung.
A huge parade in Pyongyang was held amid speculation current leader Kim Jong-un could order a new nuclear test, BBC reports.
Rows of military bands, goose-stepping and sword-wielding soldiers marched through Pyongyang's main Kim Il-sung square for the “Day of the Sun” celebrations.
Kim Jong-un appeared relaxed, laughed with aides and saluted an honour guard and took his place on the podium.
Military planes created the number 105 in the sky.
Recall that North Korea recently called US President, Donald Trump “foolish”.
Responding, Trump stated that North Korea is “looking for trouble” and that he would “solve the problem”.
On Friday, China's Foreign Minister Wang Yi warned that “conflict could break out at any moment”, adding that if war occurred there could be no winner.
Unlike at previous Pyongyang parades there did not appear to be any Chinese representatives present.
Metro South Post troopers tried to pull over the 34-year-old woman for running through their flares near a traffic crash scene, but she “attempted to elude the patrol vehicles by pulling into an alley” outside a building on West Alexandrine at about 2:20 a.m., investigators said in a statement. (Photo: Detroit News file)
A Detroit driver was arrested early Monday after allegedly fleeing from Michigan State Police, hitting a squad car then running into a Midtown apartment complex.
Metro South Post troopers tried to pull over the 34-year-old woman for running through their flares near a traffic crash scene, but she “attempted to elude the patrol vehicles by pulling into an alley” outside a building on West Alexandrine at about 2:20 a.m., investigators said in a statement.
Finding the alley blocked, the motorist ended up veering in reverse and striking the front end of a patrol car — damaging its push bumper and hood, according to the release.
With the troopers still pursuing her, the woman jumped out of the vehicle and fled into the complex by punching a key code, state police reported.
That didn't stop the chase, though.
“Troopers were able to gain access through the door, caught and arrested the driver,” authorities said.
The woman, who has not been identified, was held at the Detroit Detention Center pending prosecutor's review of possible charges.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w8tFyD
Father Andrew Maderak says he didn't give it much thought when a man introduced himself a few weeks ago as a former parishioner of St. John the Evangelist Church in Weston.
But Maderak has thought a lot about that encounter since learning the man is suspected of throwing burning liquid through a window of the Roman Catholic church Sunday morning, igniting a fire and forcing the cancellation of Easter services.
“I don't know if it was a cry for help, or, sometimes, people with mental illnesses, they want to get help but they can't get it,” Maderak told reporters standing outside the church on Monday.
Maderak doesn't recall his conversation with the suspect and said it was several parishioners who made the connection. The impromptu meeting has made Maderak reflect generally on the care and time people make to respond to one another.
“Sometimes it makes us reflect, ‘is there something I could have done differently,'” Maderak said. “Is there a better way of responding sometime, giving somebody attention. All these things go through my mind.”
Cooling Cap May Limit Chemo Hair Loss In Women With Breast Cancer
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Baylor College of Medicine Courtesy of Baylor College of Medicine
It's no surprise that most women with breast cancer consider hair loss one of the most traumatic aspects of chemotherapy. That has led to a big market for cooling caps, which are purported to limit hair loss.
But cooling caps haven't been extensively studied in the U.S., and womens' experiences with the caps have been hit or miss. And just one cooling cap, the DigniCap, is approved by the Food and Drug Administration.
Two studies released Tuesday show that at least half the women who used either the DigniCap or another scalp cooling system, the Paxman, lost less than 50 percent of their hair.
"These findings appear to represent a major step forward in improving the quality of life of individuals with cancer," says Dr. Dawn Hershman, who studies the effects of cancer treatments at the Columbia University School of Medicine in New York. She wrote an editorial accompanying the studies in JAMA, the journal of the American Medical Association.
But Hershman cautions that more study is needed to determine whether there is psychological benefit in using the caps to prevent hair loss.
And the cost and who will pay for the treatment are also issues, she says. The average cost is $1,500 to $3,000, depending on the number of chemotherapy cycles.
In the DigniCap study, 67 of 106 women (66.3 percent) lost less than half their hair after four rounds of taxane chemotherapy. The women had either stage I or II breast cancer.
In contrast, all of the 16 women who did not use the cap lost all of their hair during chemotherapy.
The DigniCap system uses a double cap fitted to the scalp 30 minutes before an infusion, which keeps the scalp at 37 degrees Fahrenheit, plus or minus 2 degrees, during the session. The system was approved by the FDA in 2015 and is available at infusion centers in 17 states.
The other study found similar results using the Paxman system. It was led by oncologist Julie Nangia of the Baylor College of Medicine in Houston.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Baylor College of Medicine Courtesy of Baylor College of Medicine
Half of the 95 women (50.5 percent) using the Paxman system lost less than half their hair after four rounds of anthracycline and taxane chemotherapy, including five women who had no significant hair loss, as judged by independent observers from photographs.
Among the 47 who did not use the cooling system, all lost all of their hair.
The Paxman study was stopped earlier than planned, after four cycles of chemotherapy, because findings showed the cooling cap was highly effective at preventing hair loss. That cooling system is not yet available commercially in the U.S. and is under review at the FDA.
"It's nice now to have two good studies focusing on the quality of life to make the cancer journey easier for women," Nangia tells NPR.
There were no serious side effects related to either cooler. A few people reported headaches, and some stopped using the device because they got too cold. Nangia says most patients described the device as "reasonably comfortable."
The studies were funded and designed, in part, by their respective manufacturers, with varying levels of company input to the university investigators. In both cases, the researchers were free to publish results they deemed appropriate.
Researchers don't know exactly how the cooling caps work. One theory is that cooling constricts the blood vessels in the scalp, slowing the circulation and thereby reducing the amount of toxins to which hair follicles are exposed.
Or it may be that cold slows the growth of hair follicles, making them less susceptible to damage from chemotherapy, which targets rapidly dividing cells.
Dr. Len Lichtenfeld, deputy chief medical officer of the American Cancer Society, says it could be that "by slowing down those cells whatever mechanism it may be — either starving their blood flow or slowing them down straightforwardly — the net effect is beneficial, causing hair not to fall out."
While chilling the scalp may seem to carry few risks, Lichtenfeld says there is a theoretical risk that inhibiting the effect of chemotherapy in the scalp could allow metastases to take hold there.
"These techniques are relatively new," he says, and "breast cancer is a disease that can take a long time before it comes back and if one is to be 100 percent certain then you need a long period of time to answer the question."
So far, cancer recurrence on the scalp has not been seen in the U.S. studies, but authors of both JAMA papers say longer follow-up is needed to be sure that this is not a risk.
Von Miller's cleats are for sale.
They're not game-worn cleats, but they are the same kind of cleats that Miller wears on Sundays. adidas calls them the “FREAK Ultra – Von Miller Edition cleats.”
“Showcasing Von's personality and style on and off the field, the latest edition of the revolutionary FREAK Ultra cleats, featuring BOOST, were designed with insights and inspirations from the six-time NFL Pro Bowler and Super Bowl 50 MVP,” the apparel company said in a press release.
The cleats went on sale last Friday and cost $180.
Despite sloppy reporting that repeatedly said otherwise, often accompanied by Page 1 headlines, Donald Trump never called for Russia to hack Hillary Clinton's emails. He specifically said any hacking would not have occurred if the Obama administration had not been so weak, implying that a Trump administration would have been strong and would have prevented it.
He had a point. President Barack Obama has been wimpy on hacking and other misdeeds by Russians, and they have kept coming at us until finally they went a step too far for him. They are said to have hacked emails of the Clinton campaign headquarters and arranged their public release, apparently to discredit her as she ran for president, hardly a move citizens should cheer.
So with justification possibly accompanied by political purpose, Obama has combined fist-waving rhetoric with sanctions. But where was his fury in 2014 when the Russians hacked his own White House emails, not the classified items in special servers, but still sensitive material that Obama and staffers were sending around about daily activities?
Why didn't we see more fiery-eyed pluck when the Russians were hacking State Department emails and technological and other information all over the county? This was all major stuff with possibly major military, economic and other consequences, but some say, we also spy and didn't want to go too far. Still where was the necessary toughness when Russia grabbed Crimea and otherwise messed with Ukraine or intervened in Syria?
To move beyond Russia, why did we have an all-talk-no-walk Syria policy that has left almost a half million dead and multimillions as refugees? Why did we do so little when the Chinese stole information on 20 million federal employees or began messing with the holdings of US allies in the South China Sea?
If Obama had been tougher earlier, might we not have had the hacking of the Democrats and possibly an attempted hacking of Republicans who outsmarted them? Is the public learning so much about Clinton campaign underhandedness more important than all of the above? Do Obama's last-minute actions have anything at all to do with delegitimizing the legacy-erasing election of Trump and complicating his moves after the inaugural?
I think they do, and I do not think WikiLeaks made much if any difference in the election. I obviously cannot prove that, however, and I do think Obama is on-target. The question now is what Trump will do.
Everyone points, first off, to his supposed approval of Russian hacking. What he said was that the press would be delighted if Russia did have Clinton's deleted emails and shared them. He was not referring to the political hacking, but to material written when Clinton was secretary of state and that she herself said concerned only such personal things as talk about yoga lessons and grandkids. If they concerned work-related matters, obstruction of justice would be an issue.
Trump has also praised Russian President Vladimir Putin, a murderous autocrat who is now striving for Russia to rise to threatening new heights. Trump will need to stand up to him, but there also could be areas where Russia's national interests coincide with ours, such as eradicating the Islamic State. Just maybe, this deal-maker could make some wise bargains with Russia without naively trying for a “Russian reset,” as Obama and Clinton did.
It might also be recalled that the Clintons received millions of dollars for their foundation as Bill Clinton helped to donate interests in a deal in which uranium resources went to Russia, including 20 percent of US uranium. Russia rose to be the foremost world power in these nuclear materials and Bill Clinton also received a $500,000 check from a Kremlin-associated bank for a speech he gave.
All of that received less attention during the campaign than the misinformation about Trump calling for Russian hacking.
By Jay Ambrose
Jay Ambrose is an op-ed columnist for Tribune News Service. Readers may email him at speaktojay@aol.com. – Ed.
(Tribune Content Agency)
Perhaps as a result of his former gig as a journalist, he is better than most engineers at describing what it is they are trying to do, and was a lead presenter at the North American launch of Mazda's upcoming SKYACTIV-X engine program, which we told you about last fall from Frankfurt.
He felt that Mazda was coming closest to what he felt cars should be like — he owns and races a Miata to this day — and is now Vehicle Development Engineer at Mazda R and D here in California.
Dave Coleman took the opposite tack. After getting his engineering degree, he started off writing about cars for Sport Compact Car magazine, then decided it was time to stop criticizing and start doing something about it.
Irvine, Calif.-A fair number of automotive engineers have decided over the years that it's more fun to criticize their fellows than to be one of them.
In fact, we drove exactly the same cars here in California as we did in Germany, current-generation Mazda3s with the next-generation technology stuffed under the familiar, albeit matte-black-painted, bodies. They weren't recording fuel consumption numbers this time ...
If I may remind you — ahem — yours truly recorded the lowest fuel consumption scores while tying for the fastest Autobahn speed on that event.
What was new for those of us who had partaken of the Frankfurt event was some of the background information that led Mazda down this path.
Every carmaker knows they have to reduce fuel consumption. As I'm sure they all did, Mazda looked at various alternatives.
As Coleman puts it, “In 2007, we promised to reduce our average global fuel economy by 30 per cent by 2015. We achieved that, in a very unusual but very logical way, with no EVs, no hybrids.
“We figured if we could make a hybrid that achieved 50 per cent fewer emissions than our gasoline engine, we'd have to sell 46 per cent of our cars as hybrids. A decade later, no car company is anywhere near that mark, so we guessed right on that one!
“If we had gone EVs,” he continues, “and assuming they generate no CO2 (which is not true, but to make it simple, we'll go with that), 23 per cent of our cars would have to be EVs. Obviously, that's not happening, either.”
Never mind how many carmakers are still wandering down that road. Understand that Tesla is a special case for a whole bunch of reasons too complicated to go into here.
Mazda is in the enviable position of being the leader among major manufacturers in their corporate average fuel consumption. Even when you factor out pickup trucks, a segment in which Mazda does not compete, they are still leaders.
So, they didn't have as far to go as most. Still, they concluded that a multi-pronged strategy was called for.
This began with losing weight, because weight is the enemy of fuel consumption, regardless of your power source.
Applying essentially the ‘gram strategy' they have used for four generations of Miata/MX5 sports car development, whereby every gram of the vehicle's weight was examined to see if it could be eliminated or reduced, they have sought to make their vehicles as light as they can be, and stay within various cost, safety, and driveability constraints.
On the engine development front, they deviated from the usual engineering approach of continuous gradual improvement on what they had, and instead opted to begin with what they felt was the ideal engine, determine what the real-world constraints were, and back off from there.
As Coleman says, “We took the approach that ‘the sky's the limit.” That led to the SKYACTIV name given to this endeavour.
“We figured we could get 15 per cent improvement from our gasoline engines, 20 per cent from our Diesels, five per cent from our automatic transmissions, another five per cent from weight reduction, more from reduced rolling resistance, reduced drag, etc. Obviously, it all adds up.
“The key is that if/when we did have to go to electric power, all of these advances are still there, and it multiplies the impact.”
This led to the family of new engines — ultra-high compression ratio spark-ignition gasoline engines which work partially on a Diesel-like compression ignition cycle like we drove last fall in Germany and again here, and low-by-the-usual-standards compression ratio true Diesel engines.
I'll not repeat the technical details of how they achieved these results from these new engines. Suffice it to say, they drove fine. Yes, there is still a bit of ‘pinging' (also known as ‘pre-ignition' or ‘knock') in certain types of operation, but Mazda feels they will have this ironed out before production starts next year.
They estimate that the government-mandated test results will show fuel economy numbers that could be 20 to 30 per cent better than current engines of similar size and performance.
Coleman then went on to talk about the rest of the car, how Mazda has taken a similar back-to-the-drawing-board approach to such things as suspension and seat design.
In the latter case, keep the upper body as upright as possible, and have firmer foam for better long-distance comfort even if it feels too hard initially.
(To be fair — aren't I always? — Mercedes was doing something similar decades ago, and Nissan with their ‘zero-gravity' NASA-inspired seats is doing something similar.)
Jay Chen, a powertrain engineer for Mazda North America, added that similar thinking has gone into such things as interior noise levels. You want the car to be quiet, but not so quiet as to take away the sensation of driving. So, it's as much or possibly more about the quality of the sound as its volume.
One area of focus is to eliminate reflective or reverberating sounds, to keep the sound as ‘clean' as possible, and not to mask the type of road you're on. Feedback from your ears can be useful in determining what sort of driving manoeuvre you might have to make. Ever driven over ‘verglas,' or black ice? The different sound is usually your first clue.
Robert Davis, Mazda North America's senior vice-president special assignments, summed up the presentation by pointing out that apart from a few North American jurisdictions, such as Quebec, there is simply not enough electrical power available to support a significant percentage of battery-powered cars, a sentiment regular readers will have heard before.
He also pointed out that the age of the automotive fleet has never been greater. In most motorized countries, it's over 10 years. Even China, relatively new to mass motorization, it's over five years old, and in Africa, 15 years old.
This means that any new car bought today will be better — in most cases, orders of magnitude better — than the vehicle it replaces.
We also see people, especially in the U.S., buying cars that are much bigger than they need. Not that there's much chance of that changing any time soon.
So, the sky is not falling in the automotive world. Indeed, that sky is cleaner than it has ever been, and getting better by the day.
Jamaica Ponder was suspended Friday, just days before her graduation, after administrators noticed the content in a photo she submitted to the yearbook in January.
She and a group of friends posed in the basement of her house for her senior collage. In the background, two pieces of her father's artwork appear.
One piece contains the N-word, with only the letters I-G-G visible in the photo. In the upper left-hand corner of the photo, another piece of artwork depicts black people being lynched.
“It was not my intention to have this imagery or the part of the N-word in the yearbook,” Ponder told CNN.
Ponder said that when she took the photo, she showed it to her parents and made it her cover photo on Facebook. She didn't notice the imagery in the background until Princeton High School Principal Gary Snyder called her into a meeting, she said.
After her initial conversation with the principal regarding the photo, she apologized and the two had a long conversation, Ponder said.
Later that night, she wrote a post in Multi Magazine, an online magazine that she runs, titled “The N***** in the Yearbook.”
“I then think of the fact that n***** was in my senior collage and not someone else's,” Ponder wrote on June 8. “I wonder what the repercussions would be for a white or Hispanic or Asian kid if they had made the same oversight as myself. If they was treated differently for the same infractions due to their complexion.”
The next day, Ponder was called back to the principal's office and suspended, she said.
In a statement to CNN, Snyder said, “As the principal of Princeton High School, I want to state that we unequivocally oppose the use of offensive language, images and symbols. I also want to emphasize that we do not punish students for speaking out against racism, biases and other injustices. Just the opposite, we hope all of our students will take a stand against injustice and we applaud those students who actively do so.”
Ponder was not the only student disciplined for images in the yearbook. Another student submitted a collage of Nazi soldiers marching, but digitally altered his friends' heads over posters bearing swastikas, Ponder said. Ponder and that student were given the same one-day suspension.
Snyder sent a letter to parents apologizing for “insensitive, offensive and provocative words and symbols of racial bias, bigotry and anti-Semitism” that were included in the yearbook.
“A high school yearbook is a keepsake for all students and for the entire school community. The words and symbols that were used in the yearbook are neither appropriate nor acceptable,” Snyder said in the email.
Ponder's parents, Rhinold and Michele Ponder, both attorneys, are appealing the school's decision. They have filed an appeal with the superintendent of schools and plan to file a complaint with the Princeton Civil Rights Commission.
“The appeal might not be over by the time she graduates, but my concern is not for Jamaica,” Rhinold Ponder said. “My concern is that there are students coming behind her, and if they treated a child with two lawyer parents this way based on their discretion, then they certainly are going to treat others this way.”
A small group of students hosted a sit-in at the principal's office on Friday after Ponder was suspended. About 20 students protested Monday when Ponder wasn't at school, wearing signs on their shirts that said “Suspend Me,” Ponder said.
“While we encourage our students to have thoughtful dialogues and challenging academic discussions about historically offensive words, images and symbols, we strive to do so within safe spaces of classroom discussions and with established ground rules,” Snyder said in a statement to CNN. “The yearbook does not provide the context for these words and images, nor does it allow for the honest, back-and-forth discussion that is essential in productively addressing complex and sensitive issues.”
Ponder plans to graduate on June 21, and she will attend Northwestern University's Medill School of Journalism in the fall.
None of the students or teachers who worked on the yearbook's production and publication was disciplined, Ponder said.
HOUSTON—Advocates for a Mexican journalist detained in a remote West Texas facility asked the U.S. government on Monday to grant him asylum instead of deporting him to a country where he believes he'll be killed. Emilio Gutierrez Soto fled to the United States a decade ago after articles he wrote alleging corruption in the Mexican military caused his name to end up on a hit list. Mexico is one of the world's most dangerous places for journalism, likened to countries such as Syria and Iraq. At least 11 journalists have been killed in Mexico this year. After coming within hours of possible deportation, Gutierrez, 54, is now appealing that denial. The National Press Club and other press freedom advocates held an event Monday highlighting Gutierrez's case and those of other reporters whose lives were in danger. Speaking by phone from a U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement detention centre in Sierra Blanca, Texas, Gutierrez accused Mexican leaders of being complicit in the violence of drug cartels and the murders of journalists, though he did not make specific allegations. “The biggest criminal organization is the government,” Gutierrez said. “I'm afraid to take one step into Mexico.”
Article Continued Below
The U.S. government historically rejects most asylum claims. Over a five-year period ending in September 2016, the U.S. received about 267,000 asylum claims and granted 46,000. It has granted asylum in recent years to a number of Mexican journalists. But Eduardo Beckett, Gutierrez's lawyer, accused the U.S. of turning a blind eye to corruption and violence in Mexico, and blamed the Trump administration for changing how it deals with asylum seekers. “There is no more humanity,” Beckett said. “The new tactic is, we'll pressure you, we'll keep you detained, in hopes you'll give up.”
Another Mexican journalist did just that earlier this year. After spending nearly four months in an immigration facility, reporter Martin Mendez Pineda returned to Mexico and went into hiding. Mexico has created a federal protection program for journalists, with about 600 enrollees nationwide. But one reporter in the program was killed earlier this year, and others question whether the federal government has the power or the will to protect them. Meanwhile, high-profile killings have continued, including the death of Javier Valdez, a legendary reporter who covered drug trafficking in Sinaloa state. Gutierrez worked for El Diario del Noroeste, a newspaper in the state of Chihuahua. He said his problems began after he wrote articles that alleged military forces were robbing and extorting local people in Chihuahua, which borders New Mexico and part of West Texas. After receiving what his advocates called veiled threats, Gutierrez discovered his name had been placed on a hit list. So he fled north with his teenage son and entered the U.S. in 2008, seeking asylum. He spent seven months in detention before his release in January 2009, while his application for asylum remained pending. Beckett said that Gutierrez was no longer working in journalism while living in the West Texas border city of El Paso. Instead, he supported himself by operating a food truck, Beckett said. His son, now 24, works in a restaurant. But while in the United States, Gutierrez heard from people back in Mexico that if he returned, he would end up like other journalists who were killed. After nine years, a judge denied his asylum request in July, and the U.S. Board of Immigration Appeals dismissed his appeal in November. His advocates say he came close to being sent back to Mexico before the appeals board on Thursday issued a stay of his deportation. The U.S. Department of Justice and the Mexican foreign affairs ministry did not return messages seeking comment Monday. ICE said in a statement that Gutierrez remains in the agency's custody “pending disposition of his immigration case.”
Read more about:
