Most of us have heard of shared hosting, for personal use, and dedicated servers, which power large company infrastructures. However, if your business sits in between personal use and such enterprise giants, there is a third alternative, VPS.
What is a VPS?
VPS (virtual private servers) are isolated virtual environments created from a physical server through a process called “virtualisation”. This means that in effect you can have your own customised server solution at a fraction of the cost of an entire dedicated server. One bare metal server came home several VPS's at once. The other massive advantage of VPS hosting is scalability: depending on your needs at any given time, you can easily add or remove resources and only pay for what you are actually using.
Why VPS.net As its name implies, VPS.net focuses only on VPS: not shared, not dedicated. Only VPS: that's their expertise and that's why they are one of the most successful VPS-only web hosters around. VPS.net is part of UK2, a wholly-owned subsidiary of one of UK's biggest online retailers, The Hut Group, which owns 10,000 servers in 13 data centres worldwide. As such, it enjoys the backing of a world-class infrastructure that handles more than 420 million visits per year and benefits from the expertise from a group of people that helped launched e-commerce in the UK.
Flexibility as the end game
While hardware resources are shared, each client on a VPS still gets its own software environment (operating system) and therefore more flexibility to play around and for all purposes, a VPS is almost equivalent to a fully kitted computer. Virtual Private Servers can be managed or unmanaged with the client taking full responsibility of software updates and patches. Being isolated means that VPS are great for running SaaS projects (like a personal cloud or a VPN server) or websites that have a reasonable amount of concurrent users.
VPS vs Shared Hosting
The very reason why VPS came on the market in the first place was to fulfil a gap between dedicated servers and shared web hosting offers. For small and medium businesses as well as IT managers, it represents the “Goldilocks” of web hosting; not too complex, not too expensive, not too slow, just the right balance. Shared web hosting may be very cheap and great for novices but ultimately, you get what you paid for which is the lack of flexibility especially when it comes to handling traffic spikes (e.g. Christmas sales or a popular page) or when a website has simply outgrown its original bedding. The ability to scale rapidly without additional complexity or overhead and with at least one order of magnitude, sets VPS apart from other types of hosting.
VPS vs dedicated server
VPS cost a fraction of a dedicated server and are far more flexible as you do not need to pay for extra capacity or resources that will be unused. Instead, most providers allow customers to transition without friction between different tiers depending on demand.
Traditional VPS vs Cloud VPS vs SSD VPS
Traditional VPS tend to use hard disk drives for storage; However, some vendors, like VPS.net, have eschewed HDD completely, not only because of performance but also because of reliability and kitted their servers with SSD (solid state drives) only, hence the moniker SSD VPS. SSD is great for serving concurrent users as they can handle a high number of input/output operations simultaneously.
Cloud VPS, which VPS.net also offers, extends the virtualisation paradigm across multiple servers rather than one making it more redundant but also more expensive. In traditional and SSD VPS, a hardware failure will affect all VPS hosted on that particular machine, cloud VPS adds a layer of reliability, allowing websites and services to run without significant downtime even if a server is physically removed from the server cluster.
Businesses opting for Cloud VPS are likely to seek stringent SLA as downtime would be very costly; VPS.net, for example, offers a 1,000% SLA; that's 10 times the pro-rated rental for the downtime of the affected services.
The continued cold weather will see gritting trucks out on the county roads again this evening.
Warwickshire County Council's grit trucks were sent out from 1.30pm today (Monday, December 11) as road temperatures struggled to get above freezing, and the service has planned another gritting run from 9pm this evening.
The county highways department is expecting road temperatures to drop to between -5 and -10 degrees C overnight, leading to risks of ice on the roads for the morning.
The gritters treat 46 per cent of the county's 2,368 mile (3,820km) highway network. They cover all main traffic routes, A roads, most B roads and one or other two other strategic routes; in urban areas, the accesses to hospitals and main industrial estates; a single route into all villages.
The team had their gritters and snow ploughs out on Sunday, and gritted routes twice overnight into Monday.
PATNA: Seems like Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Shatrughan Sinha does not let go of any chance to taunt his party over any issue. This time, the actor-turned-politician trained guns at the party over its defeat in the Rajasthan bypolls, saying that the state had become the first to give the BJP "triple talaq".
"Breaking news with record-breaking disastrous results for ruling party - Rajasthan becomes first state to give BJP Triple Talaq. Ajmer: Talaq, Alwar: Talaq, Mandalgarh: Talaq. Our opponents winning the elections with record margins, giving our party a jolt," Sinha, BJP MP from Patna Saheb in Bihar, said in a tweet on Friday.
Sinha also warned the party and asked members to take remedial measures. "Better late than never, otherwise the disastrous results could or would be soon reformed as Tata-Bye-Bye results. Wake up BJP. Jai Hind."
This is not the first time the BJP MP has embarrassed the party by taking a different stand.
Just recently, he was present at the launch of the Rashtra Manch, a political action group launched by disgruntled BJP leader Yashwant Sinha, to take on the Centre's policies and decisions.
Along with Shatrughan Sinha, Trinamool Congress MP Dinesh Trivedi, Congress MP Renuka Chowdhury, NCP MP Majeed Memon, Aam Aadmi Party MP Sanjay Singh, former Gujarat chief minister Suresh Mehta and JD(U) leader Pavan Varma were also present at the launch of the front.
In a massive jolt to Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje-led BJP government ahead of the state polls later this year, the Congress on Thursday swept all three bypolls in Rajasthan.
Defeating the BJP's Shakti Singh Hada, Congress candidate Vivek Dhakar won Mandalgarh Assembly seat by 12,976 votes.
In Ajmer, Congress candidate Raghu Sharma defeated BJP's Ramswaroop Lamba, while in Alwar, Congress leader Dr Karan Singh Yadav established his victory, defeating the BJP's Jaswant Yadav by 196,496 votes.
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you'll be more frugal with it. That's the theory behind health savings accounts, a decades-old GOP concept that's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act.
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference. As with a retirement account, money put into an HSA can be invested, and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free. Withdrawals can be made at any time, and they are tax-free, too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses, such as health insurance deductibles, or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor.
Currently, HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans, meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share. While HSA participation is growing, only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts, according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans.
Why don't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them? For one thing, not everyone has money to contribute upfront. But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving.
"How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good' financial decisions," says Alycia DeGraff, a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association. DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future, many people simply get stressed-out.
"These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together," she says. "Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement, suppression, overcompensation, isolation, etc. — to try and deal with [it]."
This may explain, at least in part, why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general. Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account. And those of us who are parents have only saved, on average, enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids.
Saving money is hard. It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we'll want or need later. And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty, shiny, things to buy RIGHT NOW.
Plus, we all pretend we won't get old or sick.
"People are predictably irrational," says Dr. Mitesh Patel, especially when it comes to money. He's a behavioral economist, physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine.
But many of us really hate to lose money, Patel says, which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing.
For example he and his colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight, and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference.
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks. They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day. About 30 percent of the group did so. Meanwhile, people assigned to the second group were told they'd be paid $1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps. About 35 percent of the second group did so.
Here's the kicker: Each person in the third group was paid $42 upfront and was docked $1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal. Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal, Patel says. People hate to lose money.
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401(k)s that required people who didn't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in. "This creates a path of the least resistance," Patel says.
Of course, setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money, he notes.
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans, a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests. But it's unclear whether they actually improve their health. Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study, but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families.
Then there's the issue of figuring out how much you, as an individual or a family, would need to save for health care — it's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town, let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital.
"If you want to save for a house, you can pretty much figure out the math," Patel says. "But if you go to a doctor, they don't give you a menu for prices."
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we'd all need to change our mindset, says Degraff, the financial therapist.
"People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves," she says. Naturally, we thing our future selves will be "better, healthier, more financially secure," she adds. But, for many of us, health and income eventually decline with age. We need to save more now for later.
HSAs can be useful, Degraff notes, but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over.
"A lot of people don't even have a regular emergency fund savings," DeGraff says, "especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance."
"Why did I join the Army," said Maj. Monica Peck, a civil affairs officer with the 316th Sustainment Command (Expeditionary), a Army Reserve unit from Coraopolis, Pa.,"I wanted to jump out of airplanes for a living."(U.S. Army photo by Sgt. Christopher Bigelow)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 10.25.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 06:17 Photo ID: 3082945 VIRIN: 161025-A-PF724-017 Resolution: 2848x4288 Size: 6.53 MB Location: FORT HOOD, TX, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Soldier Spotlight [Image 1 of 28], by SGT Christopher Bigelow, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
The United boss gives credit to his Spanish midfielder
Dead rat thrown on pitch during derby in Denmark
A look at Harry Redknapp's career so far
John Terry set to leave Chelsea at the end of the
Carlo Ancelotti says Bavaria must be 'perfect' to
Players to watch in the FA Youth Cup final
Anthony Joshua appears in brilliant film about hi
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United star Ander Herrera has spoken out about Jose Mourinho, citing him as the person behind his brilliant form this season.
The 27-year-old has registered more starts than in his previous two campaigns at the club, and believes the Portuguese's confidence in him has helped him develop.
Last time out the Spaniard put in a man of the match performance in the Red Devils' 2-0 win over Chelsea at Old Trafford.
And according to Herrera, who spoke to ManUnited.com, Mourinho's presence both on and off the pitch has influenced his form greatly.
(Photo: Manchester Evening News)
(Photo: Reuters)
"I am very thankful to him. This season has been the most regular one for me at the club and that is with Mourinho on the bench. I am very happy," said Herrera.
The former Athletic Bilbao man recalled the impact the Portguese had on him from the moment he joined the club in the summer, and what was said in their first conversation.
"He gave me, from the first day, a lot of confidence and he told me I was going to be an important player for him. I will always be thankful but football changes.
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
"We have great players and Manchester United has the capacity to sign big players, so I cannot sleep.
"I have to keep working, performing and giving what the manager wants me to give."
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May has yet to join Tory minister Matt Hancock's social network, the Mirror can confirm.
Downing Street did not rule out the Prime Minister joining Mr Hancock's newly launched app, also called Matt Hancock, in the future.
But Mrs May has no plans to set up a Facebook clone of her own.
Asked if Mrs May was a member of Matt Hancock, a Number 10 spokesman genuinely said: "The Prime Minister is in China so I haven't had a chance to ask her.
"We would support work by any member of parliament to better engage with their constituents but it is obviously a constituency matter."
(Image: REUTERS)
The Tory in charge of regulating porn on apps had porn posted on his own app
Asked if Mr Hancock, who is Secretary of State for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport, had run the idea of launching his own social network past her before it went live, he said: "This is an app that is designed for his constituency as part of his constituency work rather than his work as secretary of state."
And asked if Mrs May would consider making an app of her own, he said: "The PM engages in a number of a social media channels. I think you've seen the Instagram output. I would refer you to it from China. It's excellent."
The spokesman would not be drawn on whether the Prime Minsiter runs her own Instagram account.
Mr Hancock launched Matt Hancock yesterday, and according to Labour MP Liam Byrne, users almost immediately started posting hardcore pornography on it.
The app's development team later introduced email verification for users.
OTTAWA - Nature's Path Foods Inc. is recalling Nature's Path brand Coconut & Cashew Butter Crunchy Granola from store shelves due to possible Listeria contamination.
The 720-gram packages, which carry a best-before date of March 2, 2018, are sold at Costco warehouse locations in Alberta, British Columbia, Manitoba and Saskatchewan.
The Canadian Food Inspection Agency says the affected packages should be thrown out or returned to the store where purchased.
The federal agency says there have been no reported illnesses linked to the granola.
Food contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes may not look or smell spoiled but can still make you sick.
Symptoms can include vomiting, nausea, persistent fever, muscle aches, severe headache and neck stiffness. Pregnant women, the elderly and people with weakened immune systems are particularly at risk.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Every series of Celebrity Big Brother needs a comedy character with a big personality.
So fans of the Channel 5 show will be pleased to know that TV bosses found that in Sandi Bogle, who will be tickling viewers with her fast-track wit over the summer.
But who is she? And why do you recognise her? Here's everything you need to know about the Celebrity Big Brother 2017 housemate...
Who is Sandi Bogle?
A London girl through-and-through, she was born Sandy Channer in 1965 - which, in case you haven't already figured out, makes her a VERY young-looking 51-year-old.
(Image: Sandi Boggle/Twitter)
This is no mean feat when you consider that she's had a busy life thanks to four children and a gaggle of grandchildren, who regularly descend on her Brixton home in South London.
She has been singing since the age of five and used to perform with national treasure, Larry Grayson, at his monthly shows on the Blackpool pier.
Why is she famous?
(Image: DeeVu Records)
Telly addicts will know that Sandi and her childhood pal Sandra Martin have been on Channel 4's Gogglebox since the programme started back in 2013.
She got the gig after commanding attention in a London pub, where a producer became intoxicated by her good humour.
After the show's success she went on to release a single called Casanova in 2016. Her track was a remake of the classic 1980 dance song by Coffee, which was written by Jo Amsted and Milton Middlebrook.
As if that wasn't enough, she's also the cousin of supermodel Naomi Campbell.
Has she ever been controversial?
CBB contestants 2017
A tad - but mainly due to a nip-slip at the National Television Awards, which left Only Fools And Horses actor David Jason in awe of her assets.
In 2016 she also went on Celebrity Fat Fighters with Lateysha Grace, Stevi Ritchie and Diags from Towie and lived on 400 calories a day.
Still on a quest for body confidence, she recently took part in ITV summer special Lorraine's Cruise Control.
A man walks past an electronic board showing Hong Kong share index outside a local bank in Hong Kong, Thursday, May 31, 2018. Asian shares are gaining after U.S. stocks recovered most of their sharp losses from a day earlier than jitters over Italyâ€™s political turmoil subsided. (AP Photo/Vincent Yu)
A man walks past an electronic board showing Hong Kong share index outside a local bank in Hong Kong, Thursday, May 31, 2018. Asian shares are gaining after U.S. stocks recovered most of their sharp losses from a day earlier than jitters over Italyâ€™s political turmoil subsided. (AP Photo/Vincent Yu)
Asian shares rose Thursday after U.S. stocks recovered most of their sharp losses from a day earlier than jitters over Italy's political situation subsided.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 index gained 0.9 percent to 22,220.69 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index jumped 0.8 percent to 30,282.91. The Shanghai Composite index rebounded 1.4 percent to 3,083.49 and Australia's S&P ASX 200 climbed 0.5 percent to 6,014.00. South Korea's Kospi advanced 0.5 percent to 2,421.18. Shares rose in Taiwan and were mostly higher in Southeast Asia.
WALL STREET: Banks and energy companies surged Wednesday as investors reversed course on hopes that Italy will be able to avoid a new round of elections. Stocks had plunged the previous day as investors expected the Italian gridlock would be resolved with new elections that could have turned into a yes-or-no referendum deciding whether Italy would continue to use the euro. The S&P 500 index jumped 1.3 percent to 2,724.01 and the Dow Jones industrial average also climbed 1.3 percent to 24,667.78. The Nasdaq composite gained 0.9 percent to 7,462.45. The Russell 2000 index surged 1.5 percent, closing at a record high of 1,647.99. Italy's FTSE MIB stock index climbed 2.1 percent after a 2.7 percent drop a day earlier. Prices for Italian government bonds also rose, sending yields down following a huge surge the day before.
CHINA MANUFACTURING: Chinese factory activity grew at its fastest rate in eight months on stronger demand, a survey showed Thursday, in a positive sign for the world's No. 2 economy despite trade tensions with the U.S. The official purchasing managers' index, or PMI, rose to 51.9 in May from 51.4 the previous month. Readings above 50 indicate expansion, while lower numbers indicate contraction on the index's 100-point scale.
ANALYST'S VIEWPOINT: "Today's strong set of official PMIs tell a reassuring story about current growth momentum. However, we will have to wait for more reliable indicators to be published in order to get a clearer picture of the health of China's economy," Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics said in a commentary.
CHINA TRADE: Beijing criticized the U.S. for renewing a threat to raise duties on some imports from China. At the same time, officials from the U.S. and European Union held talks on tariffs the Trump administration has proposed on European steel and aluminum. European Union negotiators seemed pessimistic and said they expected the U.S. to announce a final decision Thursday. China and the EU have both said they will react to new tariffs imposed by the U.S. with duties of their own, which has raised the prospect of greater tensions and the possibility of trade wars.
CURRENCIES: The euro rose to $1.1666 from $1.1664. The dollar fell to 108.78 yen from 108.89 yen.
ENERGY: U.S. crude oil slipped 11 cents to $68.10 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It jumped 2.2 percent on Wednesday to $68.21 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 21 cents to $77.51 per barrel. It added 2.8 percent to $77.50 a barrel in London. Oil prices fell 7.6 percent in five days following reports OPEC countries and Russia might start producing more oils soon.
___
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay contributed to this report. He can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
"Mason got it right" Howard Webb explains why Fer
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
For a footballer there is nothing worse than an injury.
Not only does it prevent you from playing the sport you love but it can also affect your life away from the game itself.
But one person who refuses to be defeated by an ankle injury is Stoke City goalkeeper Jack Butland.
The 23-year-old picked up a pretty serious knock back in March while representing England in their friendly game against Germany.
(Photo: Getty Images)
(Photo: Twitter/@JackButland_One)
He has been sidelined ever since, but despite needing crutches to get around, is far from immobile.
Instead he's found a rather novel way of getting from A to B, and is apparently having the time of his life doing it.
(Photo: Getty)
The above video shows the shot-stopper on a recent shopping trip, zooming around the place on a mobility scooter.
For the added bit of humour, the former Birmingham City keeper, has dubbed Chamillionaire track Ridin over the top.
Brilliant.
The Rose Bowl Parade stepped off in Pasadena, California Monday morning.For the past week volunteers have been putting in long hours to create the spectacular floats. The parade was 5.5 miles long and the theme is "Echoes of Success."The grand marshals for the parade were Olympic gold medalists: runner Allyson Felix, diver Greg Louganis and swimmer Janet Evans.You can watch USC take on Penn State in the Rose Bowl on our sister network ESPN at 4 p.m.
By Rahul Lal
The NBA Draft, the first big event of the offseason, is Thursday, June 22. Top prospects are tantalizingly close to realizing their dreams, or at least taking that next step toward NBA relevance. Lesser prospects may find themselves passed over in those 60 picks spread over two rounds.
As basketball fans put themselves in the minds of NBA executives, who better to talk about the upcoming draft than Jon Rothstein, CBS Sports Network college basketball insider? Jon shared his opinions about what to expect next week in the NBA Draft and going forward into the 2017-18 NBA season.
CBS Sports Network's NBA Draft coverage continues with re-airings of recent shows this week and three new shows on Tuesday, June 20.
Some of the most impressive and NBA-ready prospects are coming out of the college game. Is college basketball at an all-time high talent-wise? What effect are one-and-done prospects having on the game?
When it's mandatory that kids have to go to college for at least a year, it galvanizes college basketball. It allows people, when they're getting ready for the season, to put guys in bold print who can have a major impact. But we've seen very few teams win national titles with one-and-done players. Kentucky did it in 2012 with Anthony Davis and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, and Duke did it in 2015 with Justise Winslow, Jahlil Okafor and Tyus Jones. But look at some of the other teams that have won national championships: Louisville was a veteran team in 2013; [in] 2014, Connecticut was a veteran team and [in] ‘16 and ‘17, Villanova and North Carolina were veteran teams. So there's a good balance right now in college basketball.
Is this draft as elite as everybody predicts?
The one thing that this NBA Draft has is an abundance of guards who can make a major impact at the NBA level. When you look right now at the NBA, it's being dominated by guys who can have an impact at the lead guard position. You've seen it throughout the NBA more and more over the past decade.
Since there's so many of those guys available who have the potential to be stars at the next level, that's why the buzz is what it is about in the 2017 draft. You've got the star power at the top and then a couple other guys involved who can be really, really interesting.
Point guards Markelle Fultz, Lonzo Ball, De'Aaron Fox, Dennis Smith Jr. and Frank Ntilikina should all go top 10 this year. After watching them all year, what's your opinion on their talent?
One thing you have to look at when discussing the point guards in this draft is that they're almost like different types of sports cars. How does somebody decide whether they want a Lamborghini instead of a Porsche? A BMW or Jaguar?
When you look at Markelle Fultz, he's a combo guard who can affect the game in a number of ways. He's a combo scorer, a very good athlete. But a big concern about him is he didn't play well enough to make his team a viable threat in the Pac-12. The argument is [that] that team would've been an NCAA tournament team if Dejounte Murray and Marquese Chriss went back to school. That altered what Washington could be. But, he's more of a combo guard who can play both guard spots, similar to Dwyane Wade when he came out of Marquette.
Lonzo Ball is the ultimate table-setter in this draft. He can make everybody around him better at a higher level than anybody else in the draft. The example that I use is Bryce Alford. Alford was a really good player at UCLA during the first three years of his career, but averaged career highs in field-goal percentage and three-point percentage because he played with Ball. He single-handedly transcended that program.
>>MORE: 2017 NBA Draft: Top 5 Prospects
De'Aaron Fox is more of a speed guard, similar in mold to John Wall, except there are some different intricacies on offense. You love his ball security. He only committed two turnovers in the final 64 minutes that he played last season against UCLA and North Carolina. He only made 17 threes last season for Kentucky — that's a concern. Shooting is the one thing that can be rectified at the NBA level.
When you look at Dennis Smith, you have to look at a guy who can be like a young Steve Francis coming out of Maryland. These four guys all have the ability to go into the NBA and anchor a lead guard position for 10 years.
As far as Frank Ntilikina, I would delay expectations. He's more of an athlete right now than somebody who is going to blow you away. He can be more steady on offense and effective on defense.
Josh Jackson has received a lot of praise lately, projecting as high as the second pick in the draft. What stands out about his game, and what could he improve on?
Josh Jackson is an alpha dog who, right now, has the ability to have a great impact on the game by not demanding shots. When you look at it from a coaching perspective, the one thing you think about is shot distribution and whose hands the ball is in. Jackson, because of his intangibles last season, had the ability to impact the game without shooting. Thirteen games with 10 rebounds or more but, for somebody who people were concerned about in terms of his shooting ability, he really did a good job of making shots late in the season. They say he can't shoot, but he shot just under 40 percent from three. In the NCAA Tournament alone, when you study the numbers, five of 13 from three? Not terrible.
Jonathan Isaac, Malik Monk and Jayson Tatum should all be called early. All three of them bring something different to the table, how do they project at the next level?
Jonathan Isaac had a really good impact defensively because of his speed and how he worked on ball screens. Some of the easy baskets he got in college he won't necessarily get in the NBA. But he could evolve into a more consistent outside shooter. His body reminds you a bit of Rashard Lewis who had a good run in the NBA for a long time.
Malik Monk is a shooting guard trapped in a point guard's body. He's not a point guard, but he doesn't have the size to be a two-guard in the NBA. One thing he can do is shoot the basketball at a high clip. He made over 100 threes last year, had 14 games with four or more made threes. If you're projecting him at the next level, he has a chance to be a dynamite first guard off the bench.
Jayson Tatum is the guy that most resembles a Carmelo Anthony-caliber scorer in this draft. When you scouted him last year in the ACC, he was probably pound for pound the best player in that conference. He didn't play with a true point guard, [so] there was nobody to set the table for him. When you look at Jayson Tatum, if you can put him with somebody who can get him shots, it could open up a whole ‘nother can of worms.
Front-court players are pretty thin this year. Which players stand out to you?
I felt all along that Zach Collins was underrated and the epitome of efficiency. If he played at Duke or Kentucky, he would be part of the vernacular of college basketball. Seven-foot, great hands, he had 10 [points], six [rebounds] and two [blocks] in only 17 minutes a game at 65 percent from the field. We saw what he could be in the final four from a production standpoint. That's one person who comes to mind, though he's got a ways to go defensively.
Also, the way Lauri Markkanen can shoot the ball puts him into a different stratosphere, because so much of the NBA right now is based on spacing and shooting. He was was a really good shooter last year; he made 69 threes. You're looking at a guy who shot 42 percent from three. He can have a Ryan Anderson-type impact in the NBA.
If you could pick one player who would hit the ground running in the NBA, who would it be?
When you look at the ability to transcend teams and franchises, you have to look at Lonzo Ball as somebody who's going to be an NBA star and a multi-year all-star. People forget that UCLA was a 15-17 team. And Lonzo went there and made UCLA the most entertaining team, the highest-scoring team and also the best-distributing team in college basketball. He's one of the reasons why T.J. Leaf is in position to be a mid-first round pick. He has the ability to do for players what other point guards can't.
If you had to name three sleepers for this year's draft, who would they be?
One is going to be Terrance Ferguson because of the way he shoots the basketball. He's somebody who has out-of-the-gym range. He could be in a different gym and make a shot, that's how special he is in terms of shooting. He's a straight bucket-getter, and he is a much more willing defender now. [He has] good length and has the ability to stretch the defense.
Semi Ojeleye has a major impact because of his physique and his ability to absorb contact. If you're looking for a small-ball four man in the NBA, that's Semi Ojeleye. I like that he can play different positions.
I'm really a fan of Derrick White from Colorado. He has great size, can handle the ball and has a great story. There are still a lot of miles on the tank and a lot of room to grow in terms of his ceiling.
CBS Sports Network is airing six one-hour draft shows leading up to the NBA Draft on June 22, 2017. Draft coverage includes more analysis of the top prospects, along with breakdowns of players by position.
New shows will air Tuesday, June 20, starting at 7 p.m. ET.
Rahul Lal is an LA native stuck in a lifelong, love-hate relationship with the Lakers, Dodgers and Raiders. You can follow him on Twitter here.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gargling animal penises and sleeping in the day are usually sure-fire ways to bag yourself a P45.
So it's really no wonder why Georgia ' Toff ' Toffolo almost quit the'm A Celebrity jungle before heading Down Under.
Instead of winning the series and getting herself crowned Queen of the Jungle, Toff was close to dropping out of the line-up because of her fears for her career progression.
Because the 22-year-old reality star is harbouring ambitions of going into politics and tackling other kinds of hairy beasts than the ones found lurking in the jungle
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Toff reportedly wants to become a Tory MP later in life and was worried that her I'm A Celeb stint could torpedo her plans.
But, according to the Daily Star, Toff's gran persuaded her to accept the offer - having presumably seen what years of buffoonery have done for Boris Johnson's career options.
A source tells the paper: "Toff always goes to her gran for advice on life's big decisions as she normally knows what's best for her granddaughter.
"Luckily she told her life is too short to turn down such amazing opportunities."
Sure enough, Toff took up the chance to show off her real self and trousered the jungle crown.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Her winning stands her in good stead for any potential constituency vote - she's shown she can already win over the public - and no doubt her friendship with campmate Stanley Johnson will be useful for any Tory connections she needs to get herself elected.
In fact, the pair are so close since bonding over the camp fire that Stanley is making an appearance in Made In Chelsea when filming resumes in the new year.
According to the Sun, E4 bosses are keen on Stanley to have a small cameo next to Toff and are hoping to firm up some dates.
And despite the age gap - a whopping 55 years - there could be a hint of romance on the King's Road as Toff admitted she's got a huge crush on the former Conservative politician.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
"I really do have this thing for middle aged politicians and then I saw Stanley and I was like, 'Oh my God!'" she said after coming out of the jungle.
"He's in the upper bracket of middle age but I just literally fell in love with him the moment we met, it was love at first sight.
"I used to follow him around camp and I used to have to say to myself, 'Georgia you have to leave the man alone'," she gushed.
"He's off to the dunny and I'm like, 'Stanley, do you want some help?' I've never met anyone like him before, he's just an amazing person."
Rome, December 11 - The wave of bad weather that has hit much of Europe has also arrived in Italy, with low temperatures and snow causing major disruption. There was snow in Milan, Venice and Turin and the weather has affected transport, in particular rail connections due to ice on the tracks. Schools in several parts of Liguria, Piedmont and Tuscany were closed on Monday. On Sunday a train with around 400 people aboard was held up for some time at the Piano Orizzontale station in Genoa due to the the ice.
Pop art luminary Peter Max wants to clear the cosmic dust surrounding “Yellow Submarine,” the animated Beatles classic returning to theaters for a 50th anniversary showing in July.
Although Max, 80, was a friend of The Beatles, he says, “The art for 'Yellow Submarine' was created by German artist Heinz Edelmann. It was similar in some ways to my '60s art but even more similar to Pushpin Studios artists Milton Glaser, Seymour Chwast and John Alcorn.”
Max added, “My work in the '60s was more related to the cosmos — stars, galaxies, planets, Cosmic Jumpers and flyers in swirling spacescapes. Their subjects were more flowers and rainbows.”
Long Islanders can see 120 of his works, including a collection of New York City landmarks, such as his vibrant "Statue of Liberty," in the exhibit "Peter Max: The Retrospective 1960-2018" at LaMantia Fine Art Gallery in Northport through Sunday. Max, who will make a rare Long Island appearance at the gallery on Saturday and Sunday, recently answered questions about his career.
What excited you about the prospect of having an exhibition on Long Island?
Long Island has always been a special place to me, especially at this time of year as I've had summer houses on Fire Island and the Hamptons. I have so many friends and fans on Long Island. I had a wonderful one-man exhibition at the Nassau County Museum of Art. There were lines of people wrapped around the building waiting to get in.
Sign up for Newsday's Entertainment newsletter Get the latest on celebs, TV and more. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
What was it like getting to know The Beatles?
I was mainly friends with John Lennon and George Harrison. I often met John and Yoko at the Souen macrobiotic restaurant on the Upper West Side of Manhattan. George and I had a lot in common with yoga and meditation. I introduced Swami Satchidananda to America and George hosted Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, founder of TM [transcendental meditation]. I also got to spend time with Ringo Starr; he visited my studio and I painted a piano for one of his charities.
Why did you paint portraits of Taylor Swift?
Taylor Swift is such a unique and incredibly talented singer-songwriter. She told me that she was a lifetime fan of my work, and as a young girl she would stop in her tracks when she saw my art in gallery windows at the beach while on vacation with her family. That was just amazing to hear.
Why has your artwork remained popular and relevant decades after the '60s?
Mainly, I think, because of my colors and vibrancy and my unique expressionist style. Although my art has evolved over the years, from my cosmic '60s works to my bold Expressionism, it still appeals for those reasons and it makes people feel good.
Is there anything or anyone new you'd like to paint?
I'm always busy creating new paintings and graphic editions, and when something new and exciting presents itself, I'm open and ready for it. As long as I can hold a brush, I always will be.
A 386th Expeditionary Operations Group airborne maintenance technician monitors an EC-130H Compass Call as it starts its engines on Dec. 5, 2016 at an undisclosed location in Southwest Asia. The Compass Call is engaged in operations jamming Da'esh communications in order to confuse and disorient enemy fighters. (U.S. Air Force photo/Senior Airman Andrew Park)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.04.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 03:03 Photo ID: 3082875 VIRIN: 161205-F-CA297-030 Resolution: 5392x3594 Size: 1.25 MB Location: (UNDISCLOSED LOCATION) Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, If they can't talk, they can't fight: Compass Call targets Da'esh through electronic attack [Image 1 of 20], by SrA Andrew Park, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
"The only things that interest me in the US are Tupac Shakur, Allen Ginsberg, and Jackson Pollock. I don't need a visa to access their work."
~ Putin advisor after he was placed on US sanctions list.
Curt and Kendra Giebler own a company called "My Wind Stuff". They are a mobile kite and spinner company they represent a company called "Premier Kites and Designs" who they've been working for for 7 years now. They travel for a living. They've been traveling for 18 years on the road promoting their goods as well as putting on kite shows all over the country.
When asked why this was a passion for him Curt responded saying, "Ya know I'm flying kite, making a living. It doesn't get get much better than that."
They are here for the Columbus Balloon Days so they will be set up downtown on the square with all their products to display.
There has been an escalation in wild dog activity on the Alstonville Plateau.
There has been an escalation in wild dog activity on the Alstonville Plateau. Contributed
WILD dogs have been attacking pets and livestock on the Alstonville Plateau, but now a plan is in place to address the situation.
In response to an escalation of wild dog activity in the area, North Coast Local Land Services has been working with the community and local stakeholders to address the problem.
And so far the results are positive.
A community meeting was held earlier this year following concerns about wild dogs impacting wildlife, and attacking domestic dogs and livestock.
Almost 100 people attended the meeting, which was followed by landholder training.
Wild dogs have been killing pets, wildlife and livestock. File photo. NSW Office of Environment and He
North Coast Local Land Services' senior biosecurity officer, Tony Heffernan, said 18 properties undertook a group baiting program across the Alstonville plateau area.
"We are pleased with the enthusiasm and uptake of the program allowing for the fact that there are a lot of smaller holdings in that peri urban area,” he said.
"A major part of effective wild dog control is to have effective community engagement and people actively engaged in wild dog control in a proactive way.
"Traditionally, landholders impacted by wild dogs have been established livestock producers on large landholdings.
"With urban spread into rural areas and the increase in the number of lifestyle properties, it is increasingly the peri-urban fringe who are now being impacted by wild dog issues.
"In a recent survey of residents in peri-urban areas, participants told us they are primarily concerned about the impact that wild dogs have on wildlife with one survey participant suggesting that they had seen more wildlife since baiting programs had been undertaken.”
Residents who have seen wild dog activity or have been impacted are encouraged to report it to North Coast Local Land Services. Visit www.lls.nsw.gov.au
COLUMBUS, Ohio — The Islanders' exciting young players stood out in training camp. But with the regular season set to begin Friday night here against the Blue Jackets, Doug Weight is opting for more experience in a couple of spots.
The biggest surprise is that Josh Ho-Sang will be a healthy scratch on Friday. The 21-year-old wing showed flashes of brilliance in his 21-game NHL stint at the end of last season and had a strong camp. But Weight will go with reliable winger Jason Chimera, 38, who will skate on the right side with Anthony Beauvillier and Brock Nelson against the Blue Jackets.
Mathew Barzal, Beauvillier and Ho-Sang were among the star forwards of camp and Weight had lots of positive feedback for all three. Barzal will start between Andrew Ladd and Josh Bailey and get first-unit power-play time. Beauvillier's tireless work ethic has helped him keep a spot he grabbed as a 19-year-old a season ago.
But Weight, at least for Friday, is giving the nod to Chimera over Ho-Sang.
“You certainly know what you're getting with Chimmer,” Weight said recently.
Chimera, who scored 20 goals in his first Islanders season in 2016-17, primarily skated during camp with players ticketed for the AHL, but Weight cautioned not to read that Chimera was the odd man out.
“He's always in great shape, he's got the speed and he's physical,” Weight said.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
On defense, rookie Ryan Pulock and his big slap shot competed with second-year Islanders Adam Pelech and Scott Mayfield for a chance to crack the top six. Pulock had his best game of the preseason on Sunday in Philadelphia, but Weight is going with Mayfield, the 6-5 defenseman who took a big step forward in his pro game last season with two goals and seven assists in 25 games.
It may not be a great look for three guys age 23 and under to be in street clothes on opening night — Pelech will be scratched on Friday along with Ho-Sang and Pulock — but Weight and his team are looking to come out of the gate blazing.
Coming off missing the playoffs despite going 24-12-4 with Weight as interim coach, the uncertainty of the team's future home and the question of whether John Tavares wants to be a part of the club after this season, the Islanders need to get started from the drop of the puck on Friday.
“We've got a saying in here, ‘Hit 'em first,' ” Weight said. “We want to be the aggressor, we don't want to sit back. We've got to be on our toes, and it starts [Friday].”
Award-winning and wholehearted writer Dorothy Allison stopped by English Professor Linda Crenshaw's Southern Writers class on a rainy morning in Harned Hall to speak about literature, emotion and the process of writing on Thursday, April 6.
Allison is a writer from South Carolina who uses her fiction and poetry to speak on issues of class, stereotypes, sexism, racism and sexual abuse.
Allison has won two Lambda Literary Awards, the American Library Association Prize for Lesbian and Gay Writing and 2007 Robert Penn Warren Award for Fiction. She has written books named the New York Times Book Review's notable book of the year and is a member of the board of the Fellowship of Southern Writers.
The Center of Excellence for the Creative Arts sponsored Allison's visit after she received the Roy Acuff Chair of Excellence.
During the class, Allison urged students to “develop your own legend,” “use what you have” and “cultivate your eccentricities” to succeed in their writing endeavors. She also focused on the subject of Southern writers being “troublemakers” and “glorified” poets. Some authors mentioned were Eudora Welty, Louise Erdrich and Flannery O'Connor.
Speaking in a frank but warm manner, Allison answered questions from students and Crenshaw about her novels and the vast scope of Southern literature. She asked students to “push to take risk” in their writing.
Crenshaw said she was excited for Allison's visit.
“She shows APSU and our students the same amount of generosity that characterizes her fiction,” Crenshaw said.
Senior English major Kelsey Adams spoke to Allison about the plot of her novel “Bastard out of Carolina,” which the students read in Crenshaw's class.
“Dorothy is incredibly opening, welcoming and encouraging. I have been in classes where students want to become writers and she makes it seem like everyone can do it,” Adams said of her visit.
Among other topics, Allison spoke to the students about the importance of having a sense of humor and compassion.
“A sense of humor will save your life,” Allison said. “The terrible things that have happened to you are your gold.”
Allison was raised as the daughter of a 15-year-old unmarried waitress and suffered physical and mental abuse from the adults in her life.
Allison used the hour-and-a-half class period to encourage students to write stories about life events that make them angry or uncomfortable.
“Tell a story you won't be able to live with,” Allison said.
Allison's visit to the class preceded her reading in the Mabry Concert Hall on Friday, April 7.
“She is funny, honest and generous. I think that she paints a picture of how people can be both awful and lovable,” Adams said.
Allison said family and identity are important to her. She spoke about her son Wolf and his participation in fan fiction, which she said she is not a fan of. Allison also spoke briefly about her wife and her identity as a lesbian.
The tone of Allison's visit was encouraging and lively. Students laughed, gasped and listened intently as Allison told her experience as a writer.
“Story has a purpose and impact,” Allison said. “It prompts action.”
The action Allison is speaking of seems to be becoming more engaged and compassionate toward the individuals around you and world at large.
For the third year in a row, members of the House and Senate are trying to undo an unpopular 2014 DoD policy change that drastically cut reimbursement rates for military members and civilians on long-term travel.
The legislation, introduced by Sens. Mazie Hirono (D-Hawaii) and Mike Rounds (R-S.D.) would prohibit the department from paying lower per-diem rates based solely on how long an employee or service member is on temporary duty. Reps. Derek Kilmer (D-Wash.) and Walter Jones (R-N.C.) introduced a similar bill in the House.
The lawmakers object to a November 2014 regulation in which DoD, as part of a larger move to cut travel costs, decided government travelers who were in one place for more than a month at a time should be reimbursed for lodging, meals and incidental expenses at a lower rate: 75 percent of the the usual per-diem for employees on TDY for between 30 and 180 days, and 55 percent the normal rate for those on assignment for 180 days or longer.
The regulation allowed for waivers, but only if DoD's commercial travel office determined there was no way for the reduced rate to cover actual lodging expenses for an employee's trip away from home; the cuts to meals and incidental expenses were non-negotiable, though.
Advertisement
“Military members and Department of Defense civilians should not have to worry about potential financial burdens and red tape related to travel,” Hirono said in a statement. “This commonsense legislation will continue to allow Department of Defense employees to do their jobs without jumping through unnecessary hoops.”
DoD maintains it was never its intention to put financial burdens on travelers, but that paying for long-term trips at per-night reimbursement rates that are meant to cover short hotel stays doesn't make sense.
The change, officials said, was intended to encourage travel managers to look for other options. For instance, in most locations, a two-month agreement on a furnished apartment or an extended-stay hotel is likely to be a lot cheaper than 60 consecutive nights at government-approved hotel rates. Those properties, the theory goes, also offer amenities like kitchenettes and microwaves, so travelers don't need comparatively pricey restaurant fare at every meal.
But labor groups say that theory hasn't worked in practice.
“The feedback from our members has been overwhelming in opposition to these cuts,” seven associations representing Defense civilians and hoteliers wrote in a recent letter to lawmakers, claiming that the cuts have forced travelers to stay in “substandard” housing or complete an “unwieldy waiver process” when they travel to locations where there are no discounts to be found for longer stays.
“Currently, many of those who travel for long-term duty assignments do so regularly, and have a wealth of knowledge and experience, which is important to the military mission. The cuts … create a disincentive for these employees to continue to volunteer for these long-term travel assignments, and penalizes the military and civilian employees who have already been asked to spend a significant amount of time away from their homes and families.”
Congressional opponents of the per-diem cuts have tried unsuccessfully to repeal them in each of the last two annual Defense authorization bills. Last year's House version included language that would have restored the payments in their entirety, but the Senate prevailed with a version that simply gives the secretaries of each military department the option to give employees the full per-diem rate if the lower rate isn't enough “under the circumstances of the TDY assignment.”
As the Apple's flagship for 2017 approaches release, the rumors and speculations are all-time high. Recently Wistron Corporation's CEO Robert Hwang was heard talking about the assembly process of iPhone and dropped a few hints regarding the wireless charging feature on the upcoming iPhone 8.
Robert Hwang stated,"Assembly process for the previous generations of iPhones have not changed much, though new features like waterproof and wireless charging now require some different testing, and waterproof function will alter the assembly process a bit."
It is worth mentioning here that Wistron Corporation manufactures iPhone SE in India which is neither waterproof nor does it support wireless charging. This leaves us with the conclusion that Hwang was most probably talking about the enhancements made to the latest iPhones.
However, news like these demand skepticism since there is no solid proof or certainty about the facts.
Here are several other facts about upcoming iPhone 8 that have been speculated:
Apple will introduce support for augmented reality with iPhone's next model.
It was also rumored that the release of iPhone 8 may be delayed until 2018 due to supply chain issues.
A leaked schematic shows that iPhone will have touch ID sensor on the back, it is still uncertain if the fact is true.
iPhone 8 is expected to have an edge to edge display.
It is also expected that the smartphone will have vertical dual camera setup.
There is no end to leaks and rumors regarding iPhone 8 and it isn't until the launch we will find out which of these rumors turn out to be true and which do not.
Snow took its toll on the race calendar with the Bolsover 10k road race, which is also in the Matlock Atheletic Club Senior GP, due to be held on Sunday, postponed until Sunday, 14th January.
The Peak Raid, scheduled at Edale/Kinder Scout on Sunday, was also called off and is due to be rescheduled for late January.
The Litton Christmas Cracker Fell Race (12.2k/360m) was another casualty of the weekend's snow.
The monthly 5k Whitworth Thread on Saturday went ahead as usual, but with a slight change to the route because of a Christmas market in Whitworth Park.
A total of 62 runners braved the cold and slightly longer route, many dressed in festive costumes for the final run of 2017, including sumo wrestlers, a full pint of beer, Santas, elves and a smattering of antlers.
Matt Nichols was the race winner in 19.25 followed by MAC's MV55 Bob Foreman in 20.38 and MAC's under-16 Charlie Unsworth in 20.50.
First lady was LV60 Pat Goodall, of Totley AC, in 24.45.
Other notable MAC runs were: John Thorpe ninth in 22.05, Ozzy Unsworth 22.50, Dave Clough 22.56, Jacob Rifkin 24.06 and first junior girl Mae Berrisford in 27.31.
A total of £52.20 was donated to the Whitworth Park fund for essential maintenance.
At the third race in the Derbyshire Cross Country Mini League series at Moorways Stadium, Derby, under-11 Freya Lester was fourth, Caitlin McCloy seventh and Millie Davenport 23rd in cold conditions.
In the boys' race, Alex Currie was the first MAC home in 6th followed by Matthew Foreman 12th and Arthur Limb 14th.
In the under-13 girls, Olivia Allen put in a sprint finish to come 11th, just ahead of Jessica Lindridge in 12th and Isabelle Lester 16th.
Sam Sargeant ran for the under-13 boys, finishing 10th.
Freya, Millie, Alex and Matthew were congratulated for completing the whole series.
At the presentations at the end of the competition, Freya was awarded the silver medal for finishing second in the league for the under-11 girls.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We'd all like to see the back of chronic pain, and fortunately a Cambridge life sciences company believes it has an idea of how to do it.
Antibody firm Iontas has been awarded a grant of just under £800,000 to support research into its novel antibody platform, KnotBody. It will allow the Pampisford-based business to expand its current interest in targeting antibodies to ion channels, in particular Na1.7, to aid the development of therapies for chronic pain management.
As the name suggests, chronic pain is no laughing matter. A major global healthcare problem affecting 25-35 per cent of the world's population, it carries a significant socio-economic burden and has an estimated global market value of $83bn by 2024. Iontas aims to generate therapeutic candidates that overcome issues with current opioid-based treatments, such as inconsistent efficacy and significant side-effects, such as tolerance, addiction and overdose.
The grant, from Government innovation agency Innovate UK, is worth £794,626, 70 per cent of which will come from the organisation's Biomedical Catalyst Primer initiative
Dr John McCafferty, CEO and Founder of Iontas, said: “KnotBody technology allows for selective targeting of ion channels, a class of therapeutic proteins previously seen as difficult to target with antibodies. The co-funding from Innovate UK is a further vindication of the novel science Iontas is developing and we are excited to expand this technology further, to help generate therapeutic molecules for pain management.”
KnotBody fuses knottins, small peptides found in venom toxins, within an antibody CDR loop, allowing the ion channel modulating functionality of knottins to be combined with the specificity and in vivo half-life of monoclonal antibodies. Using this technology, Iontas has developed a Na1.7-targeted KnotBody to block pain transmission. The grant will be used to improve target specificity and potency of this KnotBody using well-established methods pioneered by the team at Iontas and its founding scientists.
Neil Butt, chief business office at Iontas, said: “Iontas strives to offer market-leading services, technology development and innovative therapeutic candidates. We see this grant as a platform which will allow Iontas to leverage its scientific and commercial expertise into new opportunities and to further develop its business through collaborative partnerships in drug discovery and development.”
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
BHOPAL: Ahead of state Assembly elections due in the latter half of 2018, Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan expanded his Council of Ministers on Saturday.
The three new ministers inducted in the Cabinet are Balkrishna Patidar, Narayan Singh Kushwaha and Jalam Singh Patel. The trio took the oath of office at Raj Bhawan in Bhopal in the Saturday morning.
The Chief Minister further hinted at another expansion in the Cabinet.
"It is a matter of happiness, will make the cabinet more balanced which will lead to better work & results. One expansion has taken place, another small one will also be done," said Chouhan.
Patidar, who belongs from the Nimar region, is an MLA from Khargone, while Kushwaha represents Gwalior South in the Assembly. Patel, an MLA from Narsinghpur, is the younger brother of BJP MP and former Union minister Prahlad Singh Patel.
The Chouhan-led BJP government is eyeing a fourth term in the state.
Before the expansion, the Cabinet had 20 ministers, including the chief minister and nine ministers of state since December 2013. The number of ministers is up to 23 now. The state can have a maximum of 35 ministers as per the Constitutional provisions.
Meanwhile, state Congress president Arun Yadav submitted a memorandum to the Election Commission of India, stating that the expansion of Cabinet barely days ahead of MP by-polls goes against the Model Code of Conduct.
Bypolls to Mungaoli and Kolaras are scheduled to be held on February 24.
In the memorandum, Yadav demanded that the proposed cabinet expansion be postponed to February 28.
With PTI inputs
Johnson met President Adama Barrow and Interior Minister Mai Fatty to reset ties with the impoverished West African nation after years of tension with former president Yahya Jammeh.
The visit was his first to Africa as Britain's top diplomat, becoming the first British foreign minister to visit The Gambia since it gained independence in 1965.
His talks with Barrow cemented moves by The Gambia to rejoin the Commonwealth, Johnson told journalists.
“President Barrow is determined to take Gambia back to the Commonwealth, and the Commonwealth is ready to welcome Gambia back,” Johnson said, vowing to do whatever possible to “speed up” the process.
In a video message posted on Johnson's Twitter account after the meeting, he celebrated the British embassy soon becoming a High Commission to reflect The Gambia's return to the Commonwealth fold.
Jammeh frequently railed against Britain's colonial rule of the tiny nation and withdrew his nation from the Commonwealth in 2013, calling it “an extension of colonialism”.
By contrast, Barrow worked as a security guard in Britain when he was younger and has made no secret of his wish to rekindle ties.
The foreign secretary has hailed the December elections that saw Barrow unseat Jammeh from 22 years in power, saying they “highlight the continuing strengthening of democracy in West Africa”.
In his video message, Johnson praised the arrival of the Barrow administration: “They got rid of a guy who was really holding things up, and they will take the country forward.”
– Britain to support justice reform –
During his visit the foreign secretary also said tackling the migration crisis was “something that is absolutely vital for Europe as much as Africa,” in a nation that accounts for more citizens per capita taking boats across the Mediterreanan to Italy than any other.
Johnson additionally promised support for justice reform in The Gambia, after the new government declared it would overhaul its prisons after shocking footage was released of conditions inside.
A British special advisor will be appointed to aid the justice ministry and attorney-general as The Gambia reforms a sector tarred by allegations of rights abuses, a diplomatic source told AFP.
Fatty led a tour of The Gambia's Mile Two prison on Monday for local journalists that revealed concrete cells in almost complete darkness where prisoners were living in squalor, and apologised on camera for the conditions.
The Gambia has just notified the United Nations it will rejoin the International Criminal Court (ICC), reversing another controversial Jammeh move from last year.
– Controversial comments –
Johnson's trip to The Gambia followed his history of controversy with Britain's former territories in Africa.
In a news column published in 2002, Johnson characterised the Commonwealth as having “crowds of flag-waving piccaninnies,” to welcome Queen Elizabeth II, using a derogatory term for black people that caused outrage.
He also parodied reaction to Tony Blair's arrival in Congo saying that “the tribal warriors will all break out in watermelon smiles to see the big white chief touch down”.
The comments came back to haunt him when he ran for London mayor in 2008, and then again when he was named foreign secretary last year after Britain's shock Brexit vote.
Gambian journalists had questions vetted for a brief press conference with Barrow in The Gambia and could not question him about the comments, they told AFP.
In a show of confidence in the Gambian tourist industry, which is dominated by British sunseekers, Johnson took a commercial flight to Banjul, and also met with Tourism Minister Hamat Bah.
Britain could help develop the tourism sector to help give Gambians greater economic security with Britain's help, Johnson said.
Tourists were flown out of the country en masse in January after Jammeh declared a state of emergency when he lost the election to Barrow but refused to stand down.
On Wednesday morning, Johnson will head to Ghana to meet President Nana Akufo-Addo and visit the Blue Skies company, a juice-maker which has received financial support from Britain.
-AFP
CLOSE Foles: "I didn't watch a lot of football growing up." Jerry Habraken / The News Journal
Buy Photo Eagles quarterback Nick Files listens to questions from the media during a press conference at the Mall of America. (Photo: Jerry Habraken, The News Journal)Buy Photo
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. – The work to make Nick Foles into a Super Bowl quarterback began the day after the regular season ended.
The players were off for those two days, but Foles spent that time at home, looking up old video from his glorious run as the Eagles' starting quarterback in 2013. That was when he took over for an injured Michael Vick, went 8-2 as a starter, threw 27 touchdowns and just two interceptions, and had the third-best quarterback rating in NFL history at 119.2
Eagles coach Doug Pederson spent those two days doing the same thing. Foles had struggled in the Eagles' final two regular-season games. Pederson knew he had to make some changes even though he wanted to keep the offense the same as it was under Carson Wentz, the starter who tore his ACL and LCL against the Rams on Dec. 10.
As it turned out, the Eagles had a bye week before their first playoff game, giving them two weeks to prepare. That's when Foles, Pederson and the Eagles really went to work.
They found a formula that worked, to the point where Foles has a higher quarterback rating in the playoffs (122.1) than his counterpart on the New England Patriots in Tom Brady (105.0).
Brady, of course, is known by many as one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time, and has already won five Super Bowls in his 18 seasons.
But Foles' quick transformation is why the Eagles feel good about their chances against Brady and the Patriots in Super Bowl LII on Sunday night. But really, it's nothing new for Foles, who has overcome several low points in his career, once even contemplating retirement, to get to this point where he's secure in his role, family, and faith.
"I feel great. I just feel good," Foles said. "Such a great group of teammates and guys and coaching staff. They do a great job of teaching the game. Guys play fast and have a great focus."
That's about as revealing as Foles often gets. He spent most of this week in his press conferences referencing his pet phrase pf approaching the magnitude of this game by "staying in the moment," not worrying about the stakes in each of the playoff games, and focusing on the job at hand.
Foles gives off a laid-back vibe, which one questioner described as "chill" in a press conference. He'll often credit the time he spends with his family, which includes his wife, Tori, his baby daughter Lilly and their dog, Henry, for keeping him grounded.
That was the case when he contemplated retirement following a disastrous 2015 season with the Rams, then based in St. Louis. But it also has served him well through the high points, such as this Eagles' run to the Super Bowl and that 2013 season.
"A lot of people look at this moment and say, 'Wow, aren't you excited that you [didn't retire] and are in the Super Bowl?" Foles said this week. "At the same time, if I had made the other decision, my life wouldn't have been a loss."
That other decision?
EAGLES: Pederson proves doubters wrong; can he do it vs. Belichick?
EAGLES: Alshon Jeffery guarantees victory, dismisses Pats' dynasty
Buy Photo The Eagles' Nick Foles, 9, Brandon Graham, 55, Torrey Smith, 82, Stefen Wisniewski, 61, pray after defeating the Falcons in playoffs. (Photo: Jerry Habraken, The News Journal)
That was becoming a pastor. Foles signed up last year to take classes at a seminary during the offseason. He'll often speak to high school-aged kids about following their faith. And he is part of an Eagles contingent of players who are guided by their faith. That group includes Wentz, tight end Zach Ertz, injured middle linebacker Jordan Hicks, among others.
"I wanted to continue to learn and challenge my faith,” Foles said. "When I speak to high schoolers, when I speak to middle schoolers, that's such a time of young men and young women's lives that there are a lot of things that are thrown at them, so much temptation in this world."
To Foles, that translates to the football field because it keeps everything in perspective.
That's why Foles didn't panic when he closed out the regular season with two dreadful games, completing 23 of 49 passes for 202 yards, a touchdown, two interceptions and a 47.2 rating.
He simply brushed it off and went back to work.
The Philadelphia Eagles host the visiting Minnesota Vikings in the NFC Championship game at Lincoln Financial Field. (Photo: Jerry Habraken, The News Journal-USA TODAY NETWO)
That work, in many ways, was going back to the future, using more of the run-pass options, or RPOs, that Foles was so successful with in 2013 under previous Eagles coach Chip Kelly.
On the surface, it would be strange to envision Foles thriving with RPOs, especially because Foles isn't nearly the threat to run that Wentz was before his injury. RPOs don't mean the quarterback has to run. In fact, it could also mean Foles fakes a handoff, then throws.
But Foles does them so well that the opponent has to respect it.
"You guys must not have watched a lot of film on Nick," running back Kenjon Barner said with a laugh. "Nick doesn't get the respect he truly deserves. Nick is a player. It's all about the play fake. It's all about reading the keys. It's all about reading the safeties, reading the [line]backers. What is the backer doing? Is he tipping his feet on this play? Is the safety rolling down? Is he rolling back?"
Those plays have been in the Eagles' offense under Pederson, who first started using RPOs as the offensive coordinator in Kansas City with quarterback Alex Smith. Pederson was using them with Wentz, too, but in a different way because Wentz was so effective as a running threat.
As Foles put it, the RPOs "are just a piece of our offense."
He added: "A lot of times y'all think it's a run-pass option, but it might not be. There are different ways of doing it."
Pederson and Foles found a way to make it work.
And really, that's why the Eagles wanted Foles all along. He went 14-4 in his first stint as the Eagles' full-time starter in 2013 until breaking his collarbone midway through the 2014 season.
After that season, Kelly, who had taken over for Howie Roseman as general manager (Roseman was relegated to the financial side of the organization), traded Foles to the Rams, along with a second-round pick, in return for Sam Bradford.
Kelly was fired after that season, and Foles was released by the Rams after losing his starting job late in that season.
The Rams then drafted Jared Goff in the spring of 2016 and Foles went to Kansas City to serve as the backup for Smith, under former Eagles coach Andy Reid, who drafted Foles in the third round in 2012.
Buy Photo Eagles quarterback Nick Foles walks towards the tunnel back to the locker room after the Eagles defeated the Falcons 15-10 Saturday at Lincoln Financial Field. (Photo: Jerry Habraken, The News Journal)
EAGLES: For fans, Super Bowl is a long time coming
EAGLES: Take our Eagles-centric Super Bowl quiz
After the 2016 season, Roseman sought out Foles as the backup to Wentz following Wentz's uneven rookie season. To do that, the Eagles had to eat $7 million of Chase Daniel's salary, whom they released. Daniel signed to back up Drew Brees in New Orleans.
They gave Foles a two-year deal worth $11 million.
"For us, we had tremendous faith in Nick when he was here before," Roseman said. "We knew what kind of person he was. We drafted him. We made him our starter. When we had an opportunity to bring him back, the question was to go to [team owner] Jeffrey [Lurie] because of the amount of money he had to eat on our quarterback position.
"To his credit, he was totally on board because it's all about winning for Jeffrey. And once we had that from [Lurie], we just moved forward and he's done a tremendous job for us."
Still, few could have foreseen this, where Foles is the Eagles' starting quarterback in the Super Bowl, one win away from leading the Eagles to their first-ever Super Bowl championship in the 52-year history of the game.
But to Foles, it all makes perfect sense. He's at peace with himself – on the football field, in his family life, and with his faith.
"Going into the season, I was the backup quarterback, and obviously, I've started quite a few games the last month," Foles said. "It doesn't affect me [starting the Super Bowl]. I know my position on the team and what my job entitles, so that's all that matters."
Contact Martin Frank at mfrank@delawareonline.com. Follow on Twitter @Mfranknfl.
Perth: England, battered from their latest off-field booze-related scandal, will try to cling on to the Ashes urn when the third Test begins on Thursday at a venue where they haven't won since 1978.
England's chaotic tour reaches the point of no return as Australia, 2-0 up in the five-match series, look for an Ashes-clinching victory in the last ever Test to be played at the WACA Ground in Perth.
Joe Root's tourists were rocked last weekend by a third alcohol-related incident in as many months after England Lions batsman Ben Duckett was suspended from a two-day tour match for pouring a drink on the head of senior player James Anderson following a heated argument.
The Duckett incident follows Ben Stokes' involvement in a brawl outside a Bristol nightclub in September and Jonny Bairstow's headbutt greeting for Australia Test opener Cameron Bancroft in Perth in late October.
"As professionals -- with the young kids watching and hearing all the news -- it's very important we are on our best behaviour," England's teetotal spinner Moeen Ali said.
"Off-field behaviour needs to improve and we all know that."
It is against this backdrop that England must somehow prevent Australia from sweeping to another victory amid predictions of a 5-0 series whitewash.
The tourists could not find a more inhospitable setting for their must-not-lose encounter with Steve Smith's flying Australians after heavy defeats in Brisbane and Adelaide.
England have not won at the WACA for 39 years and have lost their last seven Tests in Perth, all by hefty margins.
It is little wonder England teams do not relish playing in the unrelenting heat of the baking venue, which is being used for the last time before future games are switched to the new Perth Stadium.
Australia fast-bowling great Glenn McGrath said England have two areas they desperately need to sort out for the WACA showdown to avoid further humiliation.
"Firstly, whether they have the firepower to take 20 wickets on good decks, and then whether their top order can score enough runs to put Australia under pressure," McGrath said.
England has to decide whether to call up Mark Wood to inject some much-needed pace into the bowling attack, although coach Trevor Bayliss has indicated he was happy with the four pacemen who played in Adelaide.
"I thought the four pace bowlers we had in the last match went pretty well," said Bayliss, referring to veterans Anderson and Stuart Broad, all-rounder Chris Woakes and debutant Craig Overton.
"As I said after the last Test our batters have all showed they can all actually play at this level but we've just got to do it for longer. Making 20s, 30s, 40s, 50s at this level is not good enough."
Australia is likely to make a change with recalled all-rounder Mitchell Marsh in line to come into the side for struggling batsman Peter Handscomb.
"Other people might be unlucky to miss out but Mitchell fills the role we need for this particular Test match," Australia coach Darren Lehmann said.
"As a batter he was in some good form. But we needed his bowling as well. Now he's bowling, we can consider him."
Probable XIs
Australia: David Warner, Cameron Bancroft, Usman Khawaja, Steve Smith (c), Shaun Marsh, Mitchell Marsh, Tim Paine, Mitchell Starc, Pat Cummins, Josh Hazlewood, Nathan Lyon
England: Alastair Cook, Mark Stoneman, James Vince, Joe Root (c), Dawid Malan, Moeen Ali, Jonny Bairstow, Chris Woakes, Craig Overton, Stuart Broad, James Anderson
A woman was shoved into a hedge by a man who she thought was trying to steal her dog as she walked along a footpath.
The 61-year-old woman was walking her 16-week-old Labrador puppy near Bearlands and Brown Pieces, in Wotton under Edge, at about 3pm on Friday.
The man came up behind her, pushed her to one side and said "give me the dog". The woman bravely held on to the dog, pulling it into the hedge with her, and the man ran off.
Astronomer gives kiss-of-life to a drowning TORTOISE
The woman suffered a scratch to her face from the hedge.
The dog was not injured.
Officers investigating the incident would like to hear from anyone who witnessed it or was in the area at the time and might have seen the offender running away.
The only description they have of him is that he was wearing jeans and a hooded top.
Anyone with information is asked to call Gloucestershire Constabulary on 101 or email 101@gloucestershire.police.uk quoting incident 264 of 11/8.
You might also be interested in:
ADVERTISEMENT
Judd Apatow and Pete Holmes' new series for HBO ask a simple question: Is dysfunction really essential for good comedy?
Crashing tracks Pete, an aspiring stand-up comic, who travels from suburbia to the hardscrabble comedy scene of New York City after his wife, Jess, leaves him. But for a comic, much less a husband recently separated from his wife, Pete is astonishingly upbeat.
The show explores the pleasures of watching this well-meaning newbie rub against comedy's most talented and edgily virulent pessimists. Pete Holmes — playing a younger version of himself — is as pleasant as he is useless. He's never had a real job. He's comfortable letting his wife support him, and even sees it as his due (he compares their arrangement to someone supporting a spouse through medical school). But here's the twist: Pete is uniquely untroubled by self-loathing. He likes himself just fine. He sleeps well. He doesn't drink or do drugs, and — this is key — he doesn't care that he isn't cool. He gets along with his parents, he's religious, he's well-meaning, and sincere. The upshot of all this is that the cool kids of comedy — including Sarah Silverman and Artie Lange — take pity on him and start setting him up with gigs and couches.
It's an unlikely premise, to be sure. And it's unclear whether Pete's inability to be properly depressive means he's fated to be mediocre. More generally, though, the show feels like a sunnily contrarian corrective to a trend — ushered in by Louis CK's terrific show Louie — of interesting and ambitious "dramedies" featuring damaged comedians. Louie was followed by Maron, Lady Dynamite, and One Mississippi — all shows about the struggles of successful comics who become accidental casualties of their own expertise. Stand-up is hard, and the combination of sensitivity and grit it requires is a perfect recipe for human misery (and makes for pretty effective TV).
But the secret ingredient of all these series is genius: that these people are remarkably good at what they do authorizes their failings in other areas. Their perceptiveness, coupled with their jadedness and need, allows them to transcend the ordinary. Their reactions are not the "normal" reactions. Their conversations aren't normal conversations.
Crashing, by contrast, is almost aggressively normal. The show had to carve out some space in saturated terrain, and it tries to do so in a few different ways. For one, it's explicitly about amateurs. According to Apatow, "Crashing is about open mic-ers and people who aren't good yet, which I don't think I've ever seen handled as deeply as this. It's an interesting world of people who are trying to escape real work by doing something like this, and yet you have to suffer so much to get good at it."
For another, Pete Holmes brings his dopey, stable, likeable persona to bear on a tradition that generally likes to position its protagonists as edgy and on the brink. An opening monologue from his delightful but short-lived talk show encapsulates his affect pretty well:
I wasn't high school cool, but you know what I was? Camp cool! Summer camp! A place where a good attitude and participation make you popular? I was like the Fonz, baby! Let the cool kids have their summers mending their lacrosse nets and learning to take off a bra with one hand. Me? I'll be by the lake dutifully observing the buddy system. That's more my jam.
Holmes is a tremendous stand-up and comic actor (watch him as Badman or Professor X if you don't believe me). And if his recent HBO special Faces and Sounds showcases his gift for pulling laughs out of long silences and meta-narratives about his bits, it also registers his stubborn commitment to joy as a comedic principle. A devotee of Joseph Campbell and Ram Dass, Holmes has no use for people who brag that they're a "hard laugh." "Yeah," he says (in a bit that doubles as a coded message to too-cool-for-school comics), "work on that."
And maybe there's room for a joyous approach to the stand-up life.
The trouble with Crashing first few episodes, however, is that it's fighting on multiple fronts. For one thing, it seems to be challenging some genre conventions that have already been pretty successfully deconstructed. It's true that Louie and Maron sometimes fetishize the damage that makes their comedy possible, but plenty of shows have addressed that. Aziz Ansari's Master of None demonstrated that you don't have to be dysfunctional to be a stand-up. Maria Bamford proved (with Lady Dynamite) that misanthropy doesn't have to be the default mode for a show about a comic (even a sometimes suicidal one). In Better Things, Pamela Adlon celebrates the massive difficulty of remaining functional, offering a withering critique of those who find poetry in remaining a mess.
So what does Crashing bring to that overflowing table of meta-commentary about the stand-up life? Well, Pete Holmes. And Pete Holmes, it's worth saying again, is a real pleasure onscreen. His adventures with Artie Lange and Sarah Silverman are amusing to watch. Some scenes are downright hilarious. But the show doesn't rise to anything like "great TV," and that's because Holmes — a fantastic comedian when he's given space to be — must play an amateur here. It's his job to seem mediocre.
That hamstrings the show's ability to reach beyond the obvious. Remember Louie's tremendous encounter with Joan Rivers in Louie? That could be a productive dialogue between two comics because Louie, though nowhere as experienced as Rivers, brought some expectations and misapprehensions to the table that gave the characters room to disagree. Holmes' character, by contrast, is an utter naïf. He has nothing to offer, no resistance or point of view beyond fawning adoration and assertions of his whitebread background.
And because Holmes' normalcy is so much of the story, even though it remains unarticulated, there isn't much meat to a lot of the dialogue. One of the most interesting scenes in Crashing takes place between Pete and his mother, who offers a surprisingly accurate assessment of his act. But the scene doesn't go anywhere. It's unclear whether Holmes even heard her; he might just see this as the latest instance of suffocating mothering.
This is the trouble with shows about stand-up. Apatow has long been fascinated with insider stuff about the climb to the top, but Funny People proved that it's hard to make that rich material pay dividends. The perils — the sheer loneliness of stand-up — are fascinating (and explored in fascinating detail in Paul Toogood and Lloyd Stanton's upcoming documentary Dying Laughing, which airs Feb. 24). But it's not quite enough of a hook to sustain a character this airy, this dopey, this light.
Pete's mother advises him to find a point of view. I hope the show does the same. Its ingredients are delightful; it just doesn't know what it wants to be yet.
× Deadly Crash in Snyder County
MONROE TOWNSHIP — A woman from Winfield is dead following a crash early morning on Friday in Snyder County.
Angela Benfer, 56, was driving along Fisher Road in Monroe Township when troopers say she went off the road and struck a tree.
Troopers say the roadway was wet at the time.
A 15-year-old passenger was also in the car at the time of the crash but according to police that passenger was evaluated and released.
December 11, 2017 6:49 PM
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. -- Giancarlo Stanton is going to be just fine wearing pinstripes in the world's biggest media market playing for the planet's most famous baseball team.
Know why? The exit velocity from the hits he put on the Marlins during Monday's news conference at Disney.
Stanton has smoked some of the hardest-struck balls to ever light up StatCast, but those were nothing compared to the artillery shots with which he hammered Derek Jeter's franchise. Rather than utter the usual diplomatic pleasantries on his way out the door, Stanton referred to his stay with the Marlins “as unprofessional, circus times” on Instagram, then boldly retold the story of calling their bluff when the front office tried to pressure him into accepting a trade to the Giants or Cardinals.
Their threat? Waive the no-trade to those places or we keep you a Marlin for the next decade. Stanton didn't blink.
“You can't say that and expect me to jump at what's there, if that's not the right situation for me,” Stanton said. “So it doesn't matter what the dynamic was. You're not going to force me to do anything, regardless of what the situation is.”
We quickly got the impression that Stanton isn't someone who scares easily. He's also not stupid. Stanton knew full well the Marlins were desperate to unload the $295 million left on his original 13-year, $325-million contract. And once he gave them a new list, one that included the Yankees, Stanton was standing on a stage, holding up his No. 27 jersey, roughly 72 hours later.
He didn't look like a player spooked by the spotlight. In his first official act as a Yankee, Stanton appeared fine talking to the battalion of national media, and even seemed to enjoy it at times. After earning a shady reputation for ducking reporters in Miami, and being prickly when he did stick around, maybe Stanton was ready for a fresh start. Or just plain unhappy during his frustrating stay in South Florida. Losing can do that to a player.
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
“You've seen what's gone on down there,” Stanton said. “It's a different direction every spring training. You've got to learn something new. Every spring, a different manager.”
Stanton didn't shy away from taking a few parting shots at a franchise he clearly believes is heading in the wrong direction. Maybe sensing what was coming, Jeter tried to pre-empt Stanton's assault with a conference call of his own — the Marlins' CEO chose not to make the drive down I-4 to Disney from his Tampa estate — but there's no amount of spin that can undo the damage of dumping the reigning National League MVP.
“We are trying to fix something that is broken,” Jeter said.
Stanton's crime? He cost too much. But that didn't bother the Yankees, with Hal Steinbrenner saying they “were all over it” once Stanton declared he'd accept a deal to the Yankees. That's another reason this should work. It's not as if Stanton was shipped to the Bronx against his will. Or made the decision based on where he grew up or a preference for the weather. Stanton based this choice on his chance to win with the Yankees, and he sounded believable enough.
Regardless of where Stanton wound up, he was getting every penny of his $295 million, so money wasn't a factor here — and he'll pay more in taxes to suit up for the Yankees. Perhaps his first choice was to return home to the Los Angeles area — the Dodgers weren't as receptive to taking on as much cash — but you don't sign off on going to the Bronx unless you're mentally prepared to accept everything that comes with it. And Stanton was well versed Monday on the situation he's diving into.
This wasn't a New York choice, or some affinity for Manhattan living. It was the Yankees. Raised in SoCal, and a product of USC, Stanton was asked what attracted him to the Big Apple.
“The team,” Stanton said. “The dynamic of they strike from everywhere, and they're well balanced, and they're hungry. The city's been waiting for another World Series and a playoff run, and they got close enough this year. But hopefully, with my addition, we're going to advance and be better, a better team.”
As Stanton pointed out, it's still baseball. In forcing his way out of Miami, he now has to back up that bravado. That's good for the Yankees. And based on Monday's no-holds-barred performance, Stanton is off to a promising start.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Boris Johnson has accused Putin of winning a rigged election as he ramps up tensions in the wake of the Salisbury attack.
The foreign secretary said Mr Putin was declared the winner on Monday in an election that 'resembled a coronation'.
Mr Putin, who has ruled the country as either president or prime minister since 1999, got more than 76% of the vote.
The main opposition leader, Alexei Navalny, was barred from the race.
In an article in the Telegraph Mr Johnson wrote: "Mr Putin's leading opponent had obviously been banned from standing and an abundance of CCTV footage appeared to show election officials nonchalantly stuffing ballot boxes."
The foreign secretary confirmed ex-spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia have been "in a coma" since they were attacked with the rare Novichok nerve agent more than two weeks ago.
Mr Johnson warned that "Mr Putin is taking his country in a dangerous direction.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"Throughout his rule he has eroded the liberties of the Russian people, tightened the screws of state repression and hunted down supposed foes," he said.
Election watchdogs issued a scathing verdict last night on Putin's latest landslide.
(Image: Getty)
Following the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe's Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights' judgement, a Foreign Offie spokesman said: ““The report makes clear that restrictions on fundamental freedoms, in particular freedom of expression and assembly, including the detention of activists, resulted in a lack of genuine competition in the election.
"The Russian Central Election Commission also placed restrictions on candidate registration, and President Putin benefited from dominating coverage in the state media.”
Mr Johnson sniped: "Plenty of nations hold elections where no one knows the result in advance."
It comes after Mr Johnson accused the Kremlin of trying to conceal "the needle of truth in a haystack of lies" over the Salisbury spy poisoning.
Today EU Foreign Affairs Council declared its "unqualified solidarity" for the UK over the incident and Nato's general secretary Jens Stoltenberg
In a wide-ranging piece on the state of Russia, Mr Johnson hinted there was some hope for those who believed in democracy putting his faith in the general population in Putin rather than the politicians.
He suggested that despite the dangers of the Russian president's rule, Mr Johnson said that Putin's hardline stance would only lead the Russian people to hanker after the freedoms they see in the West.
He said: "They [the Russian people] will see how free societies in Europe, America and elsewhere thrive and prosper precisely because people are able to live as they choose, provided they do no harm."
They will understand how an independent media exposes the failings or evasions of democratic governments. And they will wonder why Russia cannot have the same?
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Record levels of hate crime were reported by three-quarters of police forces in England and Wales in the aftermath of last year's EU referendum with Cambridgeshire seeing a nine per cent increase.
New analysis has shown that in the county there was a total of 179 hate crimes in July to September last year, up nine per cent on the previous quarter, April to June 2016.
Hertfordshire police recorded 266 offences up 30 per cent, Suffolk 123 crimes up 37 per cent and Essex police recorded 376 offences up 41 per cent.
Detective Inspector Dean Wiffin, of the Cambridgeshire force, said world events, such as the Orlando shooting and the murder of a Catholic priest in France, together with the reported increase in hate crimes following the EU Referendum may have left people feeling more vulnerable.
He said: “Although a rise in hate crime is always concerning, if these events have raised awareness and resulted in people reporting when they maybe wouldn't have done so before, then it's a good thing.
“Under-reporting is a factor we're focusing on because, more often than not, those affected by hate crime are too frightened or intimidated to come forward or do not recognise they are victims.
“I would encourage victims, family members, carers and the public to help us tackle the problem by reporting incidents to the police or our partners. Everyone has the right to live without harassment or fear of crime.”
In some areas the number of incidents jumped by more than 50 per cent.
A human rights organisation has said the country should prepare for the possibility of further spikes in offences once the Brexit process has begun.
The figures, compiled by the Press Association, provide the first complete picture of hate crime recorded by police in England and Wales following the referendum on June 23.
They show that in the three months ending September 2016, 33 out of 44 forces recorded the highest quarterly number of hate crimes since comparable records began in April 2012
Three forces each recorded more than 1,000 hate crimes - the Metropolitan Police (3,356), Greater Manchester (1,033) and West Yorkshire (1,013).
Only four forces reported a decrease on the previous three months.
The Equality and Human Rights Commission (EHRC) said the findings suggested a small number of people used the Brexit vote “to legitimise inexcusable racism and prejudice”, while the charity Victim Support said that more needed to be done to encourage victims to come forward.
Provisional figures on hate crimes published by the Home Office in October 2016 suggested that offences in July 2016 were 41 per cent higher than in July 2015.
The new analysis shows that a rise in incidents was seen in almost every force in England and Wales, both year-on-year and when comparing the three months either side of the referendum.
The Press Association also cross-referenced data on offences with the results of the EU referendum to see if there was any pattern to the level of hate crime.
In 36 police force areas, a majority of voters backed Leave in the referendum - and the quarterly hate crime figure rose in all of them except two.
The area with the biggest Leave vote, Lincolnshire, saw hate crimes jump by 59 per cent.
But the figures do not suggest a trend across the country. Two forces that covered areas with a large Remain vote - Merseyside and Thames Valley - recorded rises in hate crime of 19 per cent and 20 per cent respectively.
In Cambridgeshire, Cambridge voted overwhelmingly for Remain, as did South Cambridgeshire. Fenland was 71.4 per cent Leave. The other three districts in Cambridgeshire had Leaved majorities.
David Isaac, chair of the EHRC, said it “must be sensible to prepare for any possible spikes” in hate crime once Brexit negotiations got under way.
“The vast majority of people who voted to leave the European Union did so because they believed it was best for Britain and not because they are intolerant of others,” he said.
“It is clear, however, that a small minority of people used the Brexit vote to legitimise inexcusable racism and prejudice. We cannot allow such intolerable acts of hate to be condoned or repeated.
“The triggering of Article 50 is the next major milestone and we must do all we can to discourage hate attacks and to support people who feel at risk.”
Lucy Hastings, director at Victim Support, revealed the charity last year supported 16,000 victims of hate crime in England and Wales and confirmed a spike in referrals in the immediate aftermath of the referendum.
She said the rise could be linked to increased publicity about hate crimes, which “encouraged more people to report or seek support”.
She added: “Hate crime has no place in our society and every victim of this crime is one too many.
“We believe that more needs to be done to further encourage reporting. This includes making third-party hate crime units more accessible to the public.”
Time to turn the page on Turner.
Council voted unanimously on Tuesday's meeting to pass first and second reading for the rezoning of 6114 Turner Ave. to make way for a new 34-lot subdivision.
Coun. Mike Kent highlighted how the property is privately owned, “but the perception within the community is that moving forward with this development we lose significant green space and a park. And perception is everything.”
If Turner Park is lost, he said, it needs to be addressed with some form of compensation.
Some residents have encouraged the District to purchase the land so it can remain as Turner Park, but “We absolutely cannot afford to purchase it now,” Mayor Cindy Fortin said.
“I really love Turner Park too, and I've been here a long time. But it isn't our land, plain and simple,” she said.
The development process could have begun years ago, so “we should be appreciative of the extended use we've had of it as a park,” Fortin said.
But “To tell people they can't build on their land because we like hiking through their property, that wouldn't work,” she said.
Beyond the ownership issue, Coun. Mario Vucinovic believes the proposed development will blend in well with its surroundings.
“It will fit the form and character of the neighbourhood. Some may disagree but that's what the public hearing stage is for,” he said, and “If we block this, what stops the next developer from building an eight-storey building?”
A public hearing has been tentatively set for Sept. 5 depending upon the availability of the developer.
Washed-out roads, b-double trucks and plenty of rubbernecking — Dirk and Trudy Regter are a unique sight wherever they go in their 100-year-old classic car.
The Regters pulled into Karratha for a rest last weekend on the latest leg of their multi-year, multi-country odyssey to raise money for orphaned children's charity SOS Children's Villages.
The Dutch couple began their journey six years a go, and have so far travelled more than 130,000km behind the wheel of a genuine 1915 Model T Ford.
Camera Icon Trudy and Dirk Regter with their 1915 Ford Model T which has taken them around the world over the past six years. Picture: Tom Zaunmayr.
“People are always excited to see you, to talk with you, a lot of people are waving and smiling,” Mr Regters said.
“When you drive this, you feel the air, the rain, the wind, the fire, and you have to do it all on your own. We started in 2012 and it has not ended now.
“We want to do Asia and visit our projects in Mongolia, and we want to do the Silk Road from Mongolia through China and back home.”
Mr Regters said keeping the car running had not been a hassle as cars in those days were built to last.
Camera Icon Rick Nicolas, Dirk Regter, David Bailie and Trudy Regter stopped off for a rest in Karratha on their trip north. Picture: Picture: Tom Zaunmayr, Tom Zaunmayr.
The couple is far from alone — travelling along behind them in a Land Rover Defender for their Australian leg is Rick Nicolas and David Bailie, who acted in the Pirates of the Caribbean films.
The duo is the latest to have their names inscribed on the Defender, which carries all of the Regters' supplies, tools and camping gear along behind them. Bailie said the opportunity to follow the Model T around Australia could not be missed.
“A Model T going around the world — you are never going to get that chance,” he said. “It has been quite hard work — it is not some day trip where you pull off into the jungle or the outback.
“Nothing else in my life will get mentioned again, but they will look at this car and if they look far enough they will see mine and Rick's name there.”
The group left Karratha on Sunday morning, and were due to arrive in Broome today.
The Model T World Tour has raised more than $55,000 for orphaned children to date.
The 28-year-old African, repeat sex offender will not face deportation for a spate of sex crimes in Sweden. As the man received a Swedish passport, according to current law, cannot be sent back, Fria Tider reports.The man, who moved from Kenya to Sweden in 1998 is a serial sex offender. In June 2014 he was sentenced to six years in prison by the court of appeal for two rapes.One of the victims was a 92-year-old woman in Töreboda in Västergötland. The elderly woman was vaginally and anally raped by the migrant on Christmas Eve.Simultaneous to that sentencing, he was also sentenced for having assaulted and raped another woman outdoors in the Bomhus district in Gävle.After his conditional release from prison this year, he commits more sex crimes only three days after his release. He sexually assaulted a disabled woman and showed his genitals to two 13-year-old girls.and according to Swedish legislation, he cannot be deported because he has a Swedish passport.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dramatic footage has emerged showing fire crews dousing a blaze next to a passenger jet at Liverpool's airport.
Smoke was seen rising into the air near an easyJet plane after a piece of equipment burst into flames in front of the aircraft's right engine.
Witnesses who captured video and photos of the blaze thought the easyJet plane was on fire, but it turned out to be a ground power unit.
A Twitter user who posted the video from his seat on a Ryanair plane wrote: "So I'm off to Bulgaria and the plane next to us is on fire."
Passengers told how they were "rushed off" the easyJet plane after it had landed from Belfast.
(Image: @Marley_Whelan/Twitter)
(Image: @salfordhopper/Twiter)
A photo posted online by flight EZY610 passenger Marley Whelan showed equipment on fire next to the plane and ground support vehicles.
She said she snapped the picture as she and others were "rushed off" the Airbus A319 moments after it had landed.
An easyJet spokesman said a ground power unit caught fire as passengers were disembarking.
(Image: @salfordhopper/Twiter)
The plane did not catch fire.
The fire broke out at about 6.30pm.
A Liverpool John Lennon Airport spokesperson wrote on Twitter: "There was a small fire on some ground service equipment but our Fire Service dealt with it very swiftly. Apologies for the delay."
Soldiers Radio News
Exercise Cobra Gold kicks off in Thailand and US Troops are ready for some Allied Training.
SERGEANT NATHANIEL PHILLIPS, SOLDIERS RADIO NEWS.
SOLDIERS FROM THE FIRST BATTALION, 23RD INFANTRY REGIMENT ARE IN THAILAND FOR EXERCISE COBRA GOLD. COMMANDER, LIEUTENANT COLONEL TEDDY KLEISNER SAYS IT'S AN IMPORTANT EVENT FOR THE THAI - U-S ALLIANCE.
"WE'RE HERE FOR EXERCISE COBRA GOLD. THIS IS THE FIRST TIME THAT OUR BATTALION HAS GOTTEN TO DO THAT EXERCISE BUT ITS THE 36TH TIME THE UNITED STATES ARMY HAS WHICH TELLS YOU A LOT ABOUT THE ALLIANCE THAT WE HAVE WITH THE ROYAL THAI ARMY."
MEAL SERVICE IN THAILAND WILL BE A TIME FOR TROOPS FROM BOTH ARMIES TO STRENGTHEN BONDS. STAFF SERGEANT EDWARD HARRISON SAYS HIS COOKS WILL PROVIDE MEAL SERVICE FOR THE ENTIRE TASK FORCE.
"OUR MISSION IS TO FEED THE TROOPS OVER HERE. SO WE'RE GONNA SUPPORT ALL OF THE TASK FORCES THAT HAVE JOINED TOGETHER OVER HERE IN THAILAND. WE'RE GONNA FEED THOSE GUYS TOGETHER."
LOOK FOR OUR NEW SHOW "SOLDIERS" NOW LIVE ON THE DEFENSE-TV APP, ARMY DOT MIL AND THE U-S ARMY YOUTUBE CHANNEL. THANKS FOR LISTENING TO YOUR SOLDIERS RADIO NEWS.
Ahmedabad: After his roadshow was cancelled, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is travelling in a seaplane, which is the first-ever flight by such a craft in the country, on Tuesday.
Prime Minister Modi will be traveling from Sabarmati River in Ahmedabad to Dharoi Dam via the plane.
His return journey would also be by the same sea-plane.
Prime Minister Modi in a rally on Monday had said, "Tomorrow for the first time in the history of the country a sea-plane will land on the Sabarmati River. I will go to Ambaji in the sea-plane after landing in Dharoi dam and come back."
Gujarat Chief Minister Vijay Rupani had said that this is for the first time in the history of the country that a sea-plane will land on a water body.
Loading Weapons (Audio)
Airmen from the 44th Aircraft Maintenance Unit teamed up for an exercise. A1C Jay Brackins was on hand at Kadena as they loaded aircraft with munitions.
Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra's Rang De Basanti which is a movie that changed the game in Bollywood will be screened at the first-ever Mauritius Film Festival.
Mauritius will be celebrating 50 years of independence in 2018 and during the most special year, they are creating an annual film festival, that will honour global talent and achievements and for its inaugural year, that will be focused on films from all around the world that champion the theme of ‘freedom' and ‘independence'.
One of the films Mauritius authorities are going to screen, partly given the close current and historical ties with India, and which strongly echoes these themes in Rang De Basanti.
Mr Mehra has been invited as a guest of honor by the Mauritian Prime Minister Pravind Jugnauth to be part of the celebration. He will also be a part of a Film Directing Masterclass with actor and director Justin Chadwick.
The film adopted a unique format to tell the story of freedom that we all have taken for granted.
The movie brought a revolutionary change in the youth of our nation.
Trending :
About a decade back, a movie was released that not only changed the face of Bollywood but enlightened the young minds in a way that made them redefine patriotism. With every generation, comes a new definition of patriotism. ‘Rang De Basanti' became the epitome of modern patriotism for the youth which was trying to maintain a balance between globalization and westernization. While it had a great impact on the society, the media dubbed it as ‘the movie that became a moment'. The authorities of Mauritius could relate and felt like these kinds of movies should be shown to the young citizens of their country.
Apart from Rand De Basanti, Rakyesh Omprakash Mehra has made one of the finest films like Bhaag Milkha Bhaag and Delhi 6. The filmmaker is a wave of new age cinema and believes in content that portrays the real India. The ace filmmaker has received a lot of recognition for is work globally.
Rang De Basanti will be screened on 7th and 8th October' 17 multiple times during the festival.
The filmmaker is definitely making the nation proud internationally.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Patch of ice
causes accident
FRACKVILLE — A 29-year-old Ashland woman escaped injury when the 2012 Ford Focus she was driving crashed about 10:45 p.m. Thursday in the southbound lanes of Route 61 in Blythe Township.
State police at Frackville said Jessica L. O'Boyle was driving south at an unsafe speed when she hit a patch of ice and lost control. The car crossed the west berm, struck an embankment and continued south until it came to a stop in the right lane.
Police said O'Boyle will be cited for driving at an unsafe speed and that Englewood firefighters assisted at the scene.
Amal Clooney doesn't hold back when getting glam for a night out on the town.
Sans husband George Clooney and newborn twins Ella and Alexander for the evening, the human rights lawyer toasted to the unveiling of the William Vintage x Gianni Versace Archive on Farfetch Thursday at a private residence in Beverly Hills.
And there was no shortage of shimmer and sparkle: For the stylish occasion, the new mom (who welcomed the twins in June) slipped on a metallic drop-waist dress that served up modern-day Grecian goddess vibes.
John Sciulli/Getty
The cocktail dress's pleated skirt fell just above Amal's knees, while metallic strappy sandals, a gold floral print clutch, and bejeweled drop earrings rounded out her glitzy ensemble. Red lips, bold brows, and loose strands with a slight wave completed her party look.
Also at the event: Rachel Zoe and Isla Fisher with whom Amal posed for photos at the glittering affair.
John Sciulli/Getty
While it's still a bit early, we'll be making note of her latest look for our holiday party inspiration later this year.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Montrezl Harrell scored 17 points and the Los Angeles Clippers rallied over the final 3:21 to beat Toronto 96-91 on Monday night and snap the Raptors' six-game winning streak.
DeAndre Jordan had 14 points and 17 rebounds for the Clippers. Their bench outscored Toronto's reserves 50-17, led by Harrell and Lou Williams, who also had 17 points.
Milos Teodosic scored 12 points in his return after missing 22 games with a left foot injury. His 3-pointer with 40 seconds left extended the Clippers' lead to 91-87.
Jordan fouled Kyle Lowry in the lane, and he made 1 of 2 free throws to close the Raptors to 91-88.
Advertisement
Williams made two free throws before C.J. Miles hit a 3-pointer from the right corner that closed the Raptors to 93-91.
But the Clippers made 3 of 4 free throws to hang on for their second win in a row.
Jonas Valanciunas had 23 points and 15 rebounds, and Serge Ibaka added 17 points for the Raptors, who led by 13 points in the first half.
The Raptors were up 81-74 early in the fourth on seven straight points, including consecutive baskets by Valanciunas.
Teodosic and Austin Rivers hit 3-pointers and Sam Dekker made a pair of free throws to pull the Clippers into an 82-all tie. They tied it again at 84-all on Dekker's baseline shovel pass to Jordan, who dunked.
Harrell ran off the Clippers' first nine points of the second quarter, cutting their deficit from 13 points to four. He scored 13 in the period, and the Clippers trailed 53-51 at halftime.
TIP-INS
Raptors: They fell to 2-1 in the second game of a back-to-back.
Clippers: F Danilo Gallinari has a strained glute, similar to the injury that sidelined him for 13 games recently. He took a hard fall in the fourth quarter against Washington last weekend, when he scored a season-high 25 points, and is expected to be out a few games. … USC basketball coach Andy Enfield and his wife sat courtside.
UP NEXT
Raptors: Visit Phoenix on Wednesday in the conclusion of their four-game trip.
Clippers: Open a four-game trip in Orlando on Wednesday.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
CONTENDER: Michael Butcher will start from position one in the race for the American air ticket at Castrol Edge Lismore Speedway this Saturday night.
CONTENDER: Michael Butcher will start from position one in the race for the American air ticket at Castrol Edge Lismore Speedway this Saturday night. Tony Powell
IT ALL comes down to one race to determine the Wingless Sprintcar competitor who wins the air ticket to America Saturday night at Castrol Edge Lismore Speedway.
The Lismore Workers Club-Queensland Speedway Spares sponsored season premiership culminates with a winner take all 25 lap main event featuring the top 20 point scorers from the season-long rounds decided at both Lismore and Grafton venues.
The drivers who have qualified now enter the race with a clean slate regardless of the position they finished in the leading 20 in the point standings.
The only advantage is the highest in season points, Michael Butcher, will start from the inside front row pole position.
David Eggins, who finished second on the score chart will start outside Butcher at the front of the field. The remaining order on the grid is determined by each driver's qualifying round points heading into the final.
"Even if a driver has finished in a middle order spot within the top 20 standings from the season's rounds and has reached the business end of the season, that competitor can still win the series by taking out this weekend's feature race,” promoter David Lander said.
Butcher has shown strong consistency during the 2017-18 season with eight podiums and a main event win, but it's a whole new ball game now for the Casino driver.
"We've worked towards this all season and starting off pole is our reward, but I'm still nervous because it may come down to a drag race to turn one so I've got to get a good start,” Butcher said.
He finished 155 points clear of Eggins from the rounds, while Eggins had a 115 points gap between himself and third-placed Mason Cattell, typifying the intense, close Wingless Sprintcar competition this season.
Trent Martin is not expected to take his place in the field due to a nagging shoulder injury. Erroll Campbell is next in line, twenty-first in points.
It's also an important night for the V8 Dirt Modifieds with the running of the Autumn Cup main event.
Gates open at 3pm and racing starts at 6pm.
Verona, July 4 - Verona's fine arts superintendency on Wednesday rejected a project to cover the Veneto city's ancient Roman amphitheatre, the Arena. The project was presented by a group of German architects who won an international contest for the scheme last year. Mayor Federico Sboarina hailed the decision, telling ANSA that covering up the storied venue would have been a "wound" to the city.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Whatever happens in January, the common consensus is that this will be Alexis Sanchez's final season at Arsenal .
With the Chilean's contract running down and vultures circling and hoping to pick him up for a bargain fee, Sanchez's days at the Emirates look to be numbered.
As a result, everyone is watching his every move very closely at the moment.
But those moves aren't exactly overly impressive ones.
Sanchez has failed to impress in the Gunners' last two Premier League games - the 3-1 defeat to Manchester United and the 1-1 draw with Southampton .
(Image: REUTERS)
And stats show that he somewhat remarkably gave the ball away a combined 66 times in those matches - 32 against Southampton and 34 against United, Nos. 2 and 1 in terms of the most amount of times any Arsenal player given it away in a game all season.
In addition, Sanchez covered just 9.3km in the Southampton game, comfortably the least distance of any Gunner who completed 90 minutes - Mesut Ozil was next at 10.2km.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Sanchez also covered the least distance (9km) of the Arsenal players who played the full 90 minutes against United last weekend, again 0.9km fewer than the next best home player (Nacho Monreal at 9.9km).
In Arsenal's previous Premier League game against Huddersfield, Sanchez had covered 1.7km less than Aaron Ramsey when the pair were both substituted in the 73rd minute.
The Sony Smartwatch 3 is one of the best Android Wear smartwatches around and beloved by many, but it won't be updated to Android Wear 2.0 .
Spotted by Xperia Blog , the product page for Smartwatch 3 now plainly states that the device will not receive the long-anticipated software refresh. Instead, it will remain on Android Wear 1.5 for the rest of time, unless its enterprising fans find a way to work around that limitation, of which there are many.
Loyal supporters of Sony's forgotten watch even went as far as petitioning for the new software. Currently, just over 3,000 have signed, but alas, Sony seems to have already made up its mind.
The Sony Smartwatch 3 was one of the first Android Wear smartwatches on the market and it got a surprisingly large amount of things right. Its square design stood out from the rest. It has NFC, and sporty charm with its silicon bracelet, IP68 rating and built-in GPS, but blends right into just about every other scenario as well.
Its hardware button would have qualified it to work with Android Wear 2.0, too. But Sony's decision likely has to do with its aging chipset, which lags behind the smooth experience put out by the Snapdragon Wear 2100 that we've found in a growing number of watches.
So, we'll pour one out for the Sony Smartwatch 3. Its fate is similar to that of the Moto 360 and LG G Watch – they aren't among the list of watches compatible with Android Wear 2.0 .
These were the early pioneers that helped Android Wear get to where it is today, but I swear, there's just no respect for the elders anymore.
Via Android Police
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sunderland's injury problems are mounting up ahead of Liverpool's visit to the Stadium of Light after both Lamine Kone and Victor Anichebe were forced off against Burnley.
Kone collided with an advertising hoarding and was unable to continue while Anichebe appeared to pull his hamstring in the 4-1 loss at Turf Moor, a game in which Jason Denayer (hamstring) was not fit enough to feature.
Jordan Pickford (knee), Lee Cattermole (hip), Lynden Gooch (ankle), Paddy McNair and Duncan Watmore (both knee) are all long-term injuries for David Moyes.
Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson is a doubt to face his former club Sunderland at the Stadium of Light.
The midfielder was forced off midway through the second half of Saturday's win over Manchester City with a heel problem, although it is not the same issue which has troubled the England international for the last 12 months.
Options for manager Jurgen Klopp include returning Adam Lallana to a deeper role and restoring Divock Origi to the starting line-up, or bringing in Lucas Leiva as the deep-lying midfielder.
Sunderland squad: Mannone, Mika, Jones, Manquillo, Van Aanholt, Love, Kone, O'Shea, Djilobodji, Denayer, Ndong, Pienaar, Rodwell, Larsson, Borini, Januzaj, Khazri, Honeyman, E Robson, Embleton, Defoe, Anichebe, Asoro.
Liverpool squad: Mignolet, Clyne, Lovren, Klavan, Milner, Can, Wijnaldum, Lallana, Mane, Origi, Firmino, Karius, Alexander-Arnold, Moreno, Lucas, Stewart, Ejaria, Sturridge, Woodburn, Ojo.
With the Gear Fit 2, Samsung made hefty changes to its wearable line both inside and out, and the result is an Android and iOS-friendly device that does a whole lot for your money.
The first Samsung Gear Fit was a fitness tracker through and through, but with a hint of smartwatch for good measure. Since its release in 2014 (about half a century in tech years) many similar options have jumped into the fray, starting with the Microsoft Band 2 and Fitbit Blaze and more recently the Polar A370, Gamin Vivofit 4.
But, in being one of the first to hit the scene, the original Gear Fit actually got a lot right. The Super AMOLED display was gorgeous, and its balance of fitness and smart functions helped to set a standard for devices to come down the line.
But for all that it accomplished, we were left wanting a little more substance. After all, when you promise smart features, you raise expectations and sometimes, that brings unfair comparisons to products out of its league.
The Samsung Gear Fit 2 arrived after a two year break since it gave us the Gear Fit and while it might look like not whole lot has changed, Samsung has clearly learned from the last go-around. There are improvements at nearly every turn, and it all comes together as even better value in the process.
That said, this isn't the most recent fitness tracker from Samsung anymore -
there's now the Samsung Gear Fit 2 Pro . Surprisingly, it doesn't offer all that much in the way of new features that would leave current Gear Fit 2 owners wanting.
The Gear Fit 2 launched at $179 (£179, about AU$300) but you may be able to find it for a little bit cheaper now. We've seen the Gear Fit 2 go as low as $129/£150 which is a great price for this device.
Samsung hasn't seen fit to release the Gear Fit 2 in Australia and you probably shouldn't expect it to ever reach there either, it's now over two years old.
For comparison, the newer Samsung Gear Fit 2 Pro will set you back £209 / (US $149.99). If you're deciding between the two, you'll likely be able to find the Gear Fit 2 on the cheap.
If you do, you might find the original Fit 2 to be the better of the two options. That is, if full waterproofing and offline Spotify support don't speak to you personally.
Display
Paramount to the Fit's design ID is the curved touchscreen. Don't worry, it didn't go anywhere. It's back with the Gear Fit 2, vibrant (and shiny) as ever, although slightly reshaped.
This rectangular display is now wider than before, offering more screen real estate for fitting in additional information. That means extra words in a notification, a more robust media player, and a full map of your run provided by the built-in GPS function, to name a few use cases that take advantage of it best.
The Super AMOLED touch-sensitive display found here is a bit smaller than before (1.5-inches down from 1.84-inches), but it boosts the pixel density up to 322ppi, which trounces the original's 245ppi display.
The bezel surrounding the display has also seen a reworking to its benefit. It's been reduced, giving the Gear Fit 2 a more edge-to-edge look. Unfortunately, this move cuts out the shiny visual elements of the original Gear Fit, if that was your thing.
Design and comfort
In 2014, companies were only beginning to figure out how to make wearables less bulky, something that you'd actually want to wear in public. The Gear Fit was a step in the right direction, but still a way off.
The Gear Fit 2 keeps the general aesthetic of the original (a good thing) and makes it better by mixing up old and new ingredients, to make it easier to use and more capable, to boot.
The curved, rectangular screen is surrounded by frosted metal trim in the color of your choosing and backed with sweat and water resistant plastic where it touches your wrist.
You'll find two buttons on the side of the Gear Fit 2 that point toward your hand. One is used to navigate back within a menu and the other is used to power the device on and off, as well as bring up the settings menu.
Additionally, the power button can be programmed to execute a task (out of an assortment of options) with a double click. I set it to open the music player controls, a function that I couldn't live without with the Microsoft Band 2.
Attached to the Gear Fit 2 itself is the silicone band which, like the casing, comes in a variety of colors including black, ase an additional band to switch the style up.
Though there is a pretty drastic shift in build materials used with the Gear Fit 2, it all comes together seamlessly in a visual sense. A little more eloquently than, say, the Microsoft Band 2.
Flipped over, the heart rate monitor comes into view. If you're into the nitty gritty of how this particular wrist-based heart rate tracking works, it's called photoplethysmography. Just like many other wearables, including the Apple Watch and Microsoft Band, the Gear Fit 2 uses infrared light blasters and green LEDs to track the rate of blood flow.
One of the biggest design improvements over the original Gear Fit is the way in which it charges. We hate carrying more cables around than is absolutely necessary, so the fact that Samsung's 2014 wearable needed a proprietary connector was a bummer.
Now, the Gear Fit 2 can gulp down electricity through its charging dock. It's still proprietary, but more forgiving because the dock allows you to rest it on any which way to get a charge. It takes zero effort to line up these pins and the screen activates in landscape mode to affirm that charging has begun.
If a wearable isn't comfortable, there's very little motivation to put up with wearing it. Thankfully, the Gear Fit 2 feels sublime.
The Gear Fit 2 fits onto your wrist in a similar "put the plug through the hole" manner to that of the original Gear Fit, but tacks on a strap loop to make sure things stay put during exercise.
The means of ensuring comfort here are nothing new or out of the ordinary, but the silicone band just feels good to the touch. And, this might sound gross, but each day that I slept, showered and eked sweat into the band, the less I noticed it on my wrist.
A shy, agonizingly naive girl in a small American town (Ksenia Solo) whose mother (Maria Bello) has fallen ill becomes enamored of the delightfully absurd movies of Federico Fellini and decides to leave her considerable comfort zone for Italy to meet the man personally (presumably it's sometime in the 70s).
This love note to the iconic director, in addition to being a fine travelogue, is punctuated with scenes reminiscent of Il Maestro's work, and includes clips (La Strada, La Dolce Vita, Fellini Satyricon) and the occasional poster to prevent non-Felliniphiles from feeling left out.
This is not a polished film, but its amateurishness works in its favor, and it's worth a look. Odd note: One of the screenwriters is Nancy Cartwright, the voice of TV's Bart Simpson. (93 min)
After another stellar weekend at the box office over New Year's, Rogue One: A Star Wars Story now ranks as the second-highest grossing film of 2016. Despite only spending 18 days of the year in theaters, Rogue One has raked in $439.7 million in domestic sales, ComScore reported. It's only behind Finding Dory, another Disney film that brought in $486 million last year.
While the force was with Rogue One over the holiday weekend, it wasn't the only contributor to the weekend box office haul that totaled $200 million across the top-ten films. Universal's animated musical Sing brought in an estimated $56.4 million, followed by Passengers, Moana, and Why Him?
All in all, the industry is expecting 2016 to be a record year at the box office. Despite flat ticket sales, box office revenue is projected to total $11.3 billion. 2015's total was $11.14 billion. Becca Stanek
One of our favorite low-key Hollywood couples, Bobby Cannavale and Rose Byrne, recently welcomed a new addition to their growing brood.
Parents to 1-year-old Rocco, who was born February 2016, the actor couple already has quite a bit on their plate. (Cannavale is also a dad to a 22-year-old son, Jake, from a prior marriage.) And now, the serving is even larger—another boy has been brought into the mix!
On Sunday, Entertainment Tonight caught up with the actor at the premiere of Cannavale's latest film, Ferdinand, and got the scoop on Rose and Bobby's second child together.
"It's going great. We're a ... little bit of lack of sleep in the house, but we're doing well," he told reporters of life with baby.
When it came to naming his third child, Rose and Bobby agreed to pay tribute to their son's Latin heritage with the short and simple Rafa.
"I hadn't given one of my children a Latin name yet, so I wanted to honor my mom's side of the family," Cannavale explained. "And, you know, Rafael Nadal had such a great year and we were constantly keeping up with him and watching all his matches so we were like, 'How about Rafa? That goes well with Rocco.' And that was it."
According to the Boardwalk Empire alum, all three Cannavale boys are getting along great.
RELATED: Rose Byrne and Bobby Cannavale's Son Somehow Looks Exactly Like Both of Them
"He's a terrific big brother," the 47-year-old said of Rocco. "He's wonderful with him and really gentle with him, and my oldest is great with both of them. We couldn't ask for anything more."
We can't wait for baby Rafa to make an appearance on Bobby's family-focused Instagram feed!
These new books are available at St. Catharines Public Library.
Fiction
The Alice Network, by Kate Quinn
In 1947, American Charlie St. Clair arrives in London intent on finding out if her beloved French cousin Rose survived the war. Her investigation leads her to Eve Gardiner, a recluse who had been a spy for England in the previous war, a woman whose history could help Charlie discover the truth about Rose.
Crime Song, by David Swinson
When his cousin's body turns up in his kitchen, a Washington, D.C., private eye with an addiction to cocaine knows his own life is on the line as he follows a trail through thieves, addicts, fences and bad cops to find the killer.
The Essex Serpent, by Sarah Perry
In 1893, a widowed amateur naturalist and her son are drawn to the coastal parish of Aldwinter near Colchester by rumours of the return of a mythical beast to the estuary.
Magpie Murders, by Anthony Horowitz
The editor of a new manuscript by a successful but troubled British mystery author comes to realize that within his latest story of dead bodies and intriguing suspects has been hidden a real-life tale of jealousy, greed, ambition and murder.
Target Omega, by Peter Kirsanow
The leader of a super-secret black ops team survives an assault that leaves him the chief suspect in the death of his friends. Now Michael Garin is on the run from both Iranian intelligence and his own government, desperately trying to uncover the traitor and prevent a catastrophic attack that would shift the balance of power and plunge the U.S. into oblivion.
Non-fiction
And Then You're Dead: What Really Happens If You Get Swallowed by a Whale, Are Shot From a Cannon, or Go Barreling Over Niagara, by Cody Cassidy and Paul Doherty
If you've ever wondered what really happens to the human body in a variety of situations, then this is the book for you.
Everything I Need To Know I Learned in the Twilight Zone, by Mark Dawidziak
Wander through the Twilight Zone and find out what life lessons it has to teach us.
The Zoo: The Wild and Wonderful Tale of the Founding of London Zoo, 1826-1851, by Isobel Charman
Intriguing characters, misunderstood animals, politics and human nature all set in the transformative Victorian era.
The Marriage Bureau: True Stories of 1940s London Matchmakers, by Penrose Halson
The amazing story of two women who set about helping others find love in the shadow and aftermath of war.
We Chose to Speak of War and Strife: The World of the Foreign Correspondent, by John Simpson
These extraordinary stories highlight the dangers as well as the highs of correspondents covering the events of far off countries.
Irving Serota was the kind of lawyer who was so thoughtful, fair and keen that a divorcing couple once wanted him to represent them both in the legal proceedings to dissolve their marriage.
“And after making sure it was all right, he did it,” his wife, Enid Serota, said. “We later went to both of their remarriages.”
Serota, of East Meadow, died March 2 of prostate cancer surrounded by family at St. Francis Hospital — a few weeks short of turning 85.
“I really thought he would make it,” his widow said of his March 30 birthday. “I really did.”
His wife hosted a seder for almost 40 people on the first night of Passover, which would have been his birthday, in celebration of his life and the holiday.
“We wanted to let him know how much he was and is loved and how missed he is,” she said.
The couple's love story was featured in a December 2014 Newsday article on their 60th wedding anniversary.
“We made it to number 63 and were hoping for more, but it was not meant to be,” she said.
Sign up for the Power on Trial newsletter Get our insider's look and analysis of the key moments in the Mangano-Venditto trial. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Irving Serota was raised in Brooklyn's Crown Heights, graduated from Brooklyn College in 1955 and soon after began classes at New York University School of Law. In 1957, he took a break from law school when he was drafted into the Army and was assigned to Fort Dix in New Jersey.
In November 1957 the couple moved to Bad Nauheim, Germany. There he served as battalion mail clerk and chief clerk for the Special Courts and Boards, where he advised on courts-martial and processed marriage applications, the family said.
The couple returned to the states in 1959 after Serota was honorably discharged. He resumed his studies at NYU Law School, from where he graduated.
After working at various Manhattan law firms, he opened his namesake general practice law office in 1982 in East Meadow. At the time of his death he was semiretired, working from home.
Enid Serota said her husband was generous, often spending hours on the phone with clients and never billing them. She said he also had strong interests in politics, government and history, and took pleasure in sharing what he knew.
“He was a fountain of knowledge for everybody,” she said. “He wanted to make sure everyone was ok, didn't want to hurt anybody and helped to look out for people.”
Serota is survived by sons Jack Serota of Great Neck and Howard Serota of Lynwood, Pennsylvania; brother Harvey Serota of Westbury; sister Janet Malamutt of Massapequa; and two grandchildren.
A service for Serota was held March 4 at Gutterman's Funeral Home in Woodbury. He's buried in Wellwood Cemetery in Babylon.
Looking directly at the Sun anytime — during an eclipse or not— risks permanent damage to the retina's macula, an oval-shaped area at the center of the retina which controls high-resolution and color vision. The damage manifests as blurred or blind spots in the center of vision, making it difficult to read or distinguish facial features.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Working dads needs better support to care for their kids - including a paternity pay boost, MPs warn today.
Minsters were urged to shake-up workplace rules, including bringing in statutory paternity pay at 90% of the father's wages so they can take time off immediately after their child's birth.
The Commons Women and Equalities Committee also calls on the Government to “consider the costs and benefits of introducing a new policy of 12 weeks' standalone fathers' leave in the child's first year as an alternative to shared parental leave”.
(Image: Getty)
And new dads who are agency workers or self-employed should have their rights brought into line with those for employed fathers, such as introducing paternity allowance similar to maternity allowance.
Committee chairwoman Maria Miller said: “The evidence is clear - an increasing number of fathers want to take a more equal share of childcare when their children are young, but current policies do not support them in doing so.
“There is a historical lack of support for men in this area, and negative cultural assumptions about gender roles persist.
“While the Government has taken positive steps forwards and has good intentions, workplace policies have not kept up with the social changes in people's everyday lives.
“Outdated assumptions about men's and women's roles in relation to work and childcare are a further barrier to change.
“If we want a society where women and men have equality both at work and at home, I would strongly urge ministers to consider our findings.
“Effective policies around statutory paternity pay, parental leave and flexible working are all vital if we are to meet the needs of families and tackle the gender pay gap.”
Young Women's Trust chief executive Carole Easton said: “We will only achieve gender equality when fathers are able to share equally in childcare.
"Many employers are still discriminating against women who have or may have children.
“Young Women's Trust supports the Women and Equalities Committee recommendations to help parents share childcare, including by improving parental leave rights and ensuring families are not financially penalised by the father taking time off.
“We also support making flexible working the norm. Much greater provision of part-time and flexible work would help parents and carers to balance childcare and work.
“Without action, today's young women face a lifetime of inequality.”
Viola Davis has captivated audiences with her portrayals of strong and complex characters. Now, Davis may bring home Oscar gold for her performance as Rose Maxson in "Fences."Davis first portrayed the loving but neglected matriarch in the 2010 Broadway revival of the August Wilson play. The actress won a Tony Award for the role.Davis looked at the film adaptation as a opportunity to revisit her role from a new perspective."It was a chance and an opportunity to fix some things I never got right on stage," Davis told IndieWire . "I became a mother. And then everything changed. My heart changed, your whole being changes. All of a sudden, I got it."Davis made history in 2017 by becoming the first African American woman to be nominated for an acting Oscar three times. Experts have Davis as a frontrunner for the Best Supporting Actress Oscar, an effort that has truly been years in the making."When the camera is on her no one will be wanting to look elsewhere," wrote Los Angeles Times film critic Kenneth Turan.
Budget 2018 is not populist but popular, says Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in an exclusive interview to Zee Media. He also said that he has maintained a fine balance between maintaining fiscal challenges and serving social purposes.
1) What were your thoughts while preparing for this year's Budget?
This year's Budget was different. It was a challenging budget in terms of managing finances. Yet we managed to maintain a balance between generating jobs and keeping an economy strong. We have introduced many structural reforms. I believe gains from these structural reforms will consolidate in coming two years. The services sector is growing at 8-9 percent, manufacturing has also picked up. We are giving thrust to infrastructure sector too. We couldn't have limited us to that level. Whatever we did, we kept analysing it. We realised agriculture has been our weakness, that is why Budget 2018 focused on rural India.
2) Industry leaders and market participants didn't call it populist, but not so much popular too.
I believe people at large accepted the Budget 2018. I would call it a popular budget, not populist. Financially, it was a challenging budget. We only had 11-month revenues, growth picked down due to structural reforms. Yet we managed. I made sure to provide tax benefits to MSME sector too. I managed to balance the economy while serving the social purpose too.
3) Middle-class taxpayers appear to be disappointed with the Budget 2018. On the one hand, they received a standard deduction, on the other, medical and transport reimbursements were taken away.
No, both are not equal. I understand salaried class pays tax honestly. Therefore, in my every budget, I have given something to them. I reduced income tax to 5 percent for the lowest tax bracket — Rs 2.5 lakh to Rs 5 lakh. I increased deduction under Section 80-C to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh, and for housing loans to Rs 2 lakh. Transport allowance used to be Rs 800. I increased it to Rs 1,600. For medical allowance, people produce fake bills. That is why I abolished these to just provide a standard deduction. This deduction is Rs 8,000 crore. This relief is just for this year. If you look at last four years, I have taken enough measures for salaried class. Disposable income in their pockets is necessary for the economy too.
4) Don't you think ideally the income tax limit should be increased?
I used to think so before joining the ministry, but what I have observed is that a good section of people somehow manages to file returns, yet do not pay any taxes. I had to address this issue. I had the challenge to choose between narrowing the tax base and keep offering relief to honest taxpayers. Then, I thought I should gradually increase the limit, but at the same time making way for other kinds of tax relief too. Now, someone earns Rs 5-7 lakh has to just pay nominal tax. I assure I'll keep reducing this burden.
5) Custom duty has been increased on imported items such as iPhone, and watches. These items are important for the middle-class.
We had been decreasing Custom duties for the last few years. We made an exception this year with the motive to push manufacturing of these items in India.
6) Will the Minimum Support Price (MSP) 1.5 times of the cost be inflationary?
The roadmap that I see is if the market price is higher than MSP, it is not worrisome, but if market prices slip below MSP, then the state governments will make sure to compensate farmers' losses. I believe the impact of MSP on inflation will be limited.
7) The most ambitious plan of the Budget 2018 is Ayushman Bharat programme. Is it the first step towards social security?
Gradually, in a disjointed way, we provided relief to poor by offering subsidies on food, cooking gas, housing, electricity, education in the government school etc. Now, we have taken this big step to provide healthcare coverage to 10 crore poor families.
8) By when do you expect to implement this scheme?
We target to roll it out by the next financial year.
9) While market participants accepted LTCG is reasonable, but they are anxious why STT has not been removed?
STT has been there with STCG. Now it will exist with LTCG too. We have offered concessional rate. We exempted small investors by capping the profit at Rs 10 lakh. I believe creamy layer will have to pay this tax. They can do that.
10) Can we expect indexation benefit in coming years?
People are coming up with suggestions. I would say it has just been launched. We'll see how it progresses, and then I'll take a call.
11) Will the fuel prices come under GST?
I cannot comment on that. I would want it too, but a good chunk of state revenues depend on fuel. For them, Forgoing this will not be easy.
11) After a record divestment this year, why the target for next year is less, given divestment of Air India is also lined up?
Rs 80,000 crore is not conservative. We pushed the target higher this year because our non-tax receipts decreased. This much is not needed each year.
12) Can elections be held early this year?
Speculations go on. I don't see it happening.
Richmond Valley Council is seeking input on the redevelopment of the Casino showground.
Richmond Valley Council is seeking input on the redevelopment of the Casino showground. Contributed
A MASTER plan for the $8 million redevelopment of the Casino showground and racecourse site has been revealed.
And now Richmond Valley Council is seeking community feedback on the plan.
The council has been working with regular users of the site for the past 12 months, and the draft master plan is based on information gathered in workshops and consultation with key stakeholders.
Consideration was given to what is currently happening on the site, the needs of the community, the wider surroundings, social, environmental and economic considerations and planning constraints and opportunities.
The council's general manager, Vaughan Macdonald, said there was the potential to "greatly enhance the facilities for the future”.
The sporting and community-based facility would be turned into a modern precinct, attracting people from around the region and interstate.
Mr Macdonald said the associated infrastructure would allow for major regional events which would provide an economic boost to the Richmond Valley.
The master plan for the Casino showground and racecourse. Contributed
"Exciting additions proposed for the site include an indoor equestrian arena, redevelopment of the horse racing training stables, and renewal of the sand track and racecourse proper,” Mr Macdonald said.
"Council recognises the importance of the showgrounds area to the town and people of the Richmond Valley area, and would like to see the site upgraded for the enjoyment of a wide variety of people, of all ages and abilities.”
Richmond Valley Council Mayor Robert Mustow said he hoped Council's vision for the showgrounds would start to become a reality within the very near future.
Cr Mustow said the draft master plan would be used to support an $8 million Regional Sports Infrastructure Fund Grant application for the proposed works.
He said the time was right for this type of redevelopment to ensure not only current activities survived and flourished, but for new ones to start up.
"The showgrounds have an important historical and social significance and are home of the Casino Show, the Beef Week and Gold Cup races, gymkhanas and camp drafts but you can do so much more with it,” Cr Mustow said.
"The showgrounds belong to the community and we'd like to improve these facilities for everyone to use.”
Council is inviting public comment on the draft master plan, which can be viewed at Council's offices in Casino and Evans Head, or downloaded from Council's website www.richmondvalley.nsw.gov.au
If you would like to make a submission, address it to the General Manager, Richmond Valley Council, Locked Bag 10, Casino NSW 2470 or email council@richmondvalley.nsw.gov.au You can also make a submission via an online form at www.richmondvalley.nsw.gov.au/page/Your_Council/On_Exhibition/
Written and online submissions will be accepted by Council until 4.30pm Friday 3 August.
Further information is available from Council on 6660 0300.
× Authorities: Couple left boy in Florida trailer for 2 months
PENSACOLA, Fla. (AP) — Authorities say a Florida couple left a boy alone in a trailer for about two months.
The Pensacola News Journal reports that 34-year-old Jennifer Nichols and 32-year-old Joshua Sanders were arrested Nov. 30 and charged with child neglect. Officials didn't say how old the boy was or how he was related to Nichols or Sanders.
A woman told Escambia County deputies she began renting the trailer to the couple at the beginning of September. She eventually realized that the child was living there alone, though the couple would occasionally bring him food and money. The woman told investigators when she contacted the couple, Sanders told her it was not her problem as long as he paid the rent.
Nichols and Sanders remained jailed Monday. Jail records didn't list an attorney.
New Delhi: The Kailash Mansarovar Yatra was suspended on Monday after two bridges were damaged in Mangti and one in Simkhola.
Additionally, a road was blocked at Ailagad, leading to the termination of the Yatra.
It is said that the flow of the river Kali is alarming, which can also disrupt the pilgrimage.
Earlier in June, the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) had confirmed that the pilgrims visiting Kailash Mansarovar through Nathu-la in Sikkim faced some difficulties from the Chinese side, adding the issue is being discussed with them.
Reportedly, around 50 people in Sikkim were stuck near the Nathula Pass after the Chinese side closed the gates, citing landslide in Tibet.
"Yes, there are some difficulties being experienced in movement of KMY Yatris via Nathu La. Matter is being discussed with Chinese side," former MEA official spokesperson Gopal Baglay said.
Sikkim Chief Minister Pawan Kumar Chamling later forwarded the details to Home Minister Rajnath Singh.The Nathu La route was opened to Indian pilgrims in 2015.
After crossing over the Nathu La pass, Indian pilgrims are ferried by Chinese transport to Kailash.
The four-month travel period of the Yatra started in June, and was flagged off by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj.According to reports, 3,303 applications were from males, 1,139 from female and 826 from senior citizens respectively.
Thousands of Indian pilgrims take part in the Kailash Mansarovar Yatra every year via Nepal in the Tibetan Autonomous Region of China ahead of monsoon season.
The tour is organised by the MEA each year between June and September in cooperation with the government of People`s Republic of China.
Scott Yorke
Who? Scott Yorke.
Yeah, I know. He rarely makes an appearance here because he isn't worth wasting your time with. But it's the quiet season, and I'm desperate for content, and he mentions me (as they do), so here you go.
So the game is, score this out of 10.
One point for a laugh, half a point for a chuckle, quarter of a point for an internal ‘heh'.
Top ten predictions for 2017 Donald Trump will make America great again. No celebrities will die in 2017. Martyn Bradbury will be arrested under the Terrorism Suppression Act 2002, after a series of hilarious misunderstandings concerning his “Bomber” nickname. Sadly, he will be released. Desperate to restore his crumbling financial empire, Cameron Slater will team up with Alison Holst to launch a new range of gourmet products, including chutneys and olive oils. The All Blacks will lose the Bledisloe Cup after Beauden Barrett has a shocker with the boot. Identity politics will be blamed. Chaos will grip Europe, as Britain rejects the EU and France elects a fascist for President. An unlikely hero will emerge to save Western Europe, by the name of Phil Collins. Humiliated in the 2017 general election, Gareth Morgan will turn his back on politics and move into the cod liver oil business. Andrew Little will be accused of smiling. An internal Labour Party investigation will determine that he was in fact just grimacing in an unusual manner. The many opposing factions in Syria will finally agree that the whole thing was a big mistake, and nobody is to blame, and let's just all agree to be friends now. I will post material here more than once every two months.
I rated it at 0.5 in total, because it has my name in it. Always nice to be talked about.
– Scott Yorke
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A dog charity claims the UK is increasingly at risk of a rabies outbreak due to the amount of puppies being smuggled in from Europe.
Lindsey Scanlon, 44, is the founder of French Bulldog Saviours.
She has rescued hundreds of the fashionable dogs from unscrupulous breeders across Britain.
Many of these were bred in high intensity puppy farms in Eastern Europe and smuggled into the UK with fake pet passports.
But without proper screening Lindsey claims Britain is more open then ever to outbreaks of serious diseases in dogs such as rabies.
She said: “For me it's a case of when not if we see a case of rabies in the UK.
“The amount of dogs I am seeing with hereditary problems and other diseases because of the way they were farm bred in Europe convinces me we have a ticking time bomb on our hands.”
Lindsey has to deal with the fallout from the illicit trade, much of which is fuelled by celebrity endorsements and the ever-changing fads for ‘accessory pets.'
She cares for hundreds of French bulldogs she has rescued at her centre in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, many of whom have terrible genetic defects, diseases and behavioural problems due the horrific conditions in which they were bred.
Buyers are now choosing by colour and exaggerated body characteristics which is causing horrific problems for the animals.
Lindsey said: “It's such big business with continental breeders - or ‘Greeders' as we call them able to charge £1,000 or more for puppies once they have got them into in the UK.”
Two years ago a Daily Mirror investigation revealed how unscrupulous Eastern European dealers have been lying about puppy ages in a bid to cash in on an illegal trade that rakes in millions of pounds a month.
Pets exported from the EU to Britain are meant to be at least 15 weeks old and treated for rabies.
But we found that dogs as young as five weeks are being put into crates bound for the UK - after being bought at Hungarian markets where they spend all day crammed into tiny cages as temperatures soar to 30C.
Their immune system is not developed well enough to cope with a rabies jab, rendering the injection useless.
The trade has become big business and a report by the RSPCA revealed last year that nearly 200 poorly puppies were being trafficked into Britain every day.
A shocking 70,000 of the vulnerable creatures were illegally transported here by Irish and Eastern European gangs in 2015 - a massive increase from the 1,800 reported in official figures five years ago.
Lindsey said she fears the amount of diseased dogs she is dealing with is the direct result of the high demand for pets as fashion accessories.
She said: “When we started our rescue four years ago there would typically be three or four pages of advertisements on sites like Pets for Homes and Gumtree; when we checked recently there were four hundred and thirty two pages between selling sites - just for French Bulldogs.”
The biggest current killer of French Bulldogs is BOAS or Brachycephalic Obstructive Airway Syndrome caused by breeding selection that leavers animals predisposed to upper airway tract obstruction and subsequent respiratory distress.
A spokesman for Animal welfare charity Four Paws UK said: “Currently, not enough is being done to prevent puppies being brought into the UK without the proper vaccinations and from very questionable conditions, so there is of course a risk of canine diseases entering the country, which could potentially include rabies.
“While the risk of a rabies case is relatively small, it is clear the Government should not need to wait for a rabies outbreak before taking this issue more seriously.”
The RSPCA advise the threat of a rabies outbreak is very low.
They point out the major diseases they see puppies suffering from are Parvo, Echinococcus and Leishmaniasis.
An RSPCA spokesperson said “The illegal importation of puppies is a major problem for the RSPCA.
“As well as serious concerns over the welfare of the puppies being imported, there is also a risk that these dogs can bring diseases into the country with them.”
What is the risk of Rabies in Britain?
Britain has been rabies-free since the beginning of the 20th century.
The only exception to this being a rabies-like virus which is found in a species of wild bat called Daubenton's bats but the risk to humans is low.
There has only been one recorded case of someone catching rabies from a bat in the UK.
But if you find an injured or dead bat, do not touch it. Wear thick gloves if you need to move it.
Call the Bat Conservation Trust helpline on 0345 1300 228
New York: Four people were injured Monday in the blast that rocked a subway station in the heart of Manhattan, firefighters said, but none of those injuries was life-threatening.
Police had said earlier the only injured person was a man detained in connection with the explosion, which took place in the station at the Port Authority bus terminal, not far from New York`s iconic Times Square.
Lane hoggers, tail-gaters and frequent lane-changers are among the most annoying bugbears for motorists, according to new research.
Nine in ten drivers get annoyed by others, with tailgating being the most popular annoyance winding up over three quarters of Brits.
The detailed report - which lists 50 driving habits most unpopular with the UK's easily-annoyed motorists - also listed road users cutting in at the last minute, those who pull out of a junction too slowly and failing to stop for a red light also infuriate drivers.
Unsurprisingly, nearly two thirds of those polled admitted their own driving can be affected by irritants on the road, and at times they don't drive as safely as they should themselves when trying to avoid other annoying drivers.
David Carter from Accident Advice Helpline, who commissioned the study said: “It's understandable for motorists to get frustrated but we are all guilty of causing danger to other road users when driving.
“It's important to not let your emotions get the better of you when other motorists are driving dangerously, as this won't always end well.”
Drivers who ‘rev' at traffic lights, those who are slow to pull out and taking too long to park are among the top 50 bugbears.
‘Rubberneckers' who slow down traffic to inspect accidents annoy three in ten Brits, while four in ten get irritated by those who skip red lights and those who don't stop at zebra crossings.
Middle lane hogs
And 54 per cent of drivers feels annoyed by others who insist on hogging the middle lane.
But it's not just other motorists causing problems, with roadworks, speed traps and cyclists using the road instead of the purpose-built cycle lanes infuriating drivers.
For some it's what's going on inside the car, with passengers and their terrible music taste getting hold of the radio annoying motorists.
Of the average eight hours a week spent driving, nearly a fifth of this time is spent getting annoyed by fellow road users.
And 57 per cent said they get distracted by the poor decisions made by others.
Three in ten find they won't drive as safely because of the behaviour of other motorists, which is resulting in six in ten having a ‘near' miss or accident because of another driver.
And eight per cent admit the same applies as a result of their own poor driving decisions.
David Carter added: “We deal with the aftermath of accidents and know first-hand the devastating effects that car accidents can have on people's lives. If drivers are getting irritated on the road there's a chance that this cause an accident which can alter people's lives”.
Even more detail can be found at: https://www.accidentadvicehelpline.co.uk/blog/driving-irriations-gets-drivers-fuming/
TOP 50 DRIVING IRRITATIONS
1. Tailgating
2. Drivers who don't signal
3. People texting and driving
4. Drivers who leave their full beam on
5. Parking over two spaces
6. Lane hoggers
7. Slow drivers
8. Drivers who don't say thank you
9. Drivers who use the empty lane to get to the front of a queue of traffic and cut in last minute
10. People who go through red lights
11. Cyclists who go through red lights
12. Fast drivers
13. Parking on an angle so you can't possible park next to them
14. Traffic jams
15. Drivers who don't stop at zebra crossings
16. Road works
17. People who fly past you when one lane is shut and try and squeeze in half a mile ahead of you when you've been patiently waiting in the queue
18. When lorries overtake other lorries and cause a massive tailback
19. Cyclists who ride on the road when there are purpose built cycle lanes right nearby
20. Drivers who undertake
21. People who sit in the far right lane when they aren't overtaking
22. Breaking suddenly
23. Lane-changers
24. Sunday drivers
25. Rubber neckers/slowing down traffic to look at an accident
26. Drivers who don't wear seatbelts
27. Hidden speed cameras
28. Getting trapped behind a bus/tractor
29. Drivers of white vans who think they're Lewis Hamilton and do 100mph in the fast lane
30. Drivers who never let anyone out
31. People who change their speed really erratically
32. When you catch all the red lights
33. Drivers who refuse to overtake something slow like a cyclist or horse
34. Hesitant drivers who won't pull out of a turning even though you have flashed your lights eight times and waved them out three times
35. Speed traps
36. Drivers with loud music and the windows down
37. People who have their fog lights on - in the summer
38. Drivers who leave their indicators on
39. Average speed cameras
40. 50mph signs on the motorway
41. Dithering at junctions
42. Drivers who beep
43. Drivers who stop to let cars through despite there being plenty of room
44. People who pull away really slowly
45. Drivers who ‘rev' at traffic lights
46. Drivers who keep stopping to let people out
47. People who drive at 60mph in the middle lane and get the hump when you undertake them at 70mph in the slow lane
48. People who turn into roads really slowly
49. Drivers who take too long to park
50. When you change lane in traffic because the other lane is going quicker - and the lane you change into stops dead
“We're trying to clean up,” said Corine Moorhead, a former Ridgefielder living in the Virgin Islands.
Moorhead, who worked at the town recreation center's front desk and also as the Ridgefield Press office receptionist, said there was a curfew on St. Thomas, where she's been staying at her daughter's house on relatively high ground.
People on the island can be out and about 8 a.m. to 6 p.m., she said.
She said full power restoration isn't expected on St. Thomas until next year sometime.
“We have electric wires that run all over. A lot of them are down,” she said. “We live with lamps like the days of Abraham Lincoln. It's like camping.”
She said she'd heard the media was reporting that people on the island were “foraging for food, drinking dirty water and going around with cutlasses” as weapons — none of which is true, she said.
“I don't know who those people are talking to,” she said.
A band of snow that moved through the Chicago area made the evening commute slow and slippery, especially in the north and northwest suburbs.The blast of winter was impeccably timed, bringing the evening rush to a crawl."It's crazy, terrible. Lots of accidents and people driving crazy as well," said driver Alex Stechuk.Crashes and spinouts dotted the roadways. The band of snow, which began falling in the north and northwest suburbs around 5 p.m., hit McHenry and Lake counties the worst.Snow began falling in downtown Chicago around 5:30 p.m. and lasted several hours."The roads are pretty slick. People are driving too fast, as usual," said truck driver Toni Sim.The band produced 1 to 2 inches of snow across the area, with heavier snowfall north and northwest and lighter snowfall when the band weakens as it moves south.Downtown the fat flakes made the walk to the bus or train a bit treacherous. As most left work, Martin Carbajal was just starting, his truck ready to tackle snowy parking lots. He said he had at least eight hours of plowing to do.In addition to crashes in McHenry and Lake Counties, authorities in Dekalb County also responded to at least 20 vehicles in ditches. Some of those crashes did cause injuries.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dear Coleen
I'm a 26-year-old woman and I've just discovered I'm pregnant. I'm definitely keeping the baby, but I'm in a dilemma about what to do about the father. He's someone I had a holiday fling with in Paris last month.
At the time, I'd just broken up with my long-term partner and ended up spending the fortnight in a hotel room with the man I sat next to on the plane going to France.
It was incredible, but I had no intention of ever seeing him again after the trip.
However, when I let him know I was pregnant he said he wanted us to have a relationship and to be with the child 100%, and
he admitted he'd fallen for me during the holiday.
My biggest issue is that he's 52 years old. He's older than both my parents and I'm younger than his son. How can we possibly have a relationship? I do like him and I think he would be a great dad, but there's no way our families would accept it.
I'm yet to respond to his email where he admitted all this and I haven't told anyone else about the baby yet.
(Image: ITV)
More of our agony aunt Coleen Nolan's advice on your sex, family, health and relationship problems
Coleen says
Forget about other people for a minute. I think it's obvious that you don't want to have a relationship with this man. Yes, you enjoyed the romance and the sex, and it all sounds like something out of a movie.
But you don't want to settle down with him and, if you hadn't got pregnant, you wouldn't have any doubts about that at all.
However, if you're intent on keeping the baby and he wants to be part of the child's life, then you have to have some kind of relationship. And I hope, if he's a decent man, then he won't ignore the fact he has a responsibility to this child, even if you're not romantically connected.
As you're keeping the baby, then you have to tell your parents and he has to tell his son. And, as long as you're honest with him right from the start that you're not interested in a relationship beyond friendship, then I don't see why you can't come to some arrangement over bringing up your child.
I think this was very much a rebound fling, so don't lead him on to think it'll ever be anything more.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
I never could do a jig to the choreographed exercises like Zumba, but I can tap dance across a meadow, feeling as coordinated as a bird prancing on a wire. I enjoy expressing my unique style, whether in dance, or in life.
Earth marches to the beat of Her own drummer, too. Deep inside Her core, plates slide and grind, shimmying the dance floor we find ourselves perched on. Her beat is steady, as relentless as the tide that returns, night after starry night, to transform the shore into a sea-shell laden masterpiece.
Sometimes Mother's masterpiece is our catastrophe. The breeze she blows takes our breath for a moment, but our toxins threaten to suffocate her and she purges to survive.
She burps and we feel the earth quake; She hiccups, we see volcanoes erupt; She hisses, we watch waters whip into hurricanes. When She cries our streams flood their banks and our buildings wash away. It's when Earth hosts these wildest of hoedowns that we listen most intently to Her message—Mother knows best.
Should this spinning ball of molten dirt we're on ever stop her dancing rotation, we would all be tumbling dirt forms, spiraling through the atmosphere to our deaths—at least for a second. A second is the longest we could survive without Her life-sustaining properties. When Earth expires, so do we.
So, as we explore our habitats, each in our own ways—joggers pounding pavements, kayakers skimming across lakes and spelunkers repelling into caves –let us be mindful stewards. Earth plays the most intricate of rhapsodies for us, wanting us to revel in Her bliss, wanting us to nourish Her so that we are spared Her wrath.
As I write this, I realize I want to soak in some of that bliss myself. I sink my bare feet into the grass, Her melody galloping through my head like dollops of paint onto a canvas, traipsing over an endless landscape of possibilities. I breathe in Her energy, the sun stimulating a cacophony of Her elements from wind to whistling birds, merging them succinctly, effortlessly, and I begin to feel woozy.
My thoughts are dancing dizzy at the mercy of Earth's heartbeat that's reverberating like a drum against my feet—like the pulse in my ears, and I feel She is alive.
I stand, marveling at the majesty of our most gracious hostess who knows how to “Rock it out” when she wants to.
http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/04/web1_Marcum-Zirkle-Michelle-1.jpg
Our Earth rocks
By Michele Savaunah Zirkle Contributing columnist
Michele Zirkle is a published author, life coach and energy healer. Her radio show can be accessed at www.lifespeaks.info. She can be reached at www.zirksquirks@gmail.com. She's also leading a meditation at Tranquility Salt Cave in Columbus, Ohio this Friday at 7 p.m.
Michele Zirkle is a published author, life coach and energy healer. Her radio show can be accessed at www.lifespeaks.info. She can be reached at www.zirksquirks@gmail.com. She's also leading a meditation at Tranquility Salt Cave in Columbus, Ohio this Friday at 7 p.m.
The trend is subjected to change and this applies to the smartphone market segment too. Well, the last week that is the first week of December witnessed several launched and many of these were trending.
The Chinese brand Xiaomi took the wraps off two highly-anticipated smartphones - the Redmi 5 and Redmi 5 Plus in its home market. These smartphones belonging to the entry-level market space are all set to go on sale tomorrow. Also, the Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 that is yet to be launched in the country is also being talked about a lot by many and is making the buzz for quite sometime.
SEE ALSO: Samsung Christmas Carnival Discount offers: Get up to Rs 8,000 Paytm cashback on Galaxy phones
The other brand that is trending is Huawei's Honor. This brand hosted a global launch event in London to launch the Honor 7X and Honor V10 smartphones and the former has also gone on sale in India on Thursday via Amazon.
These are not the only trending smartphones of the last week. So we have made of list of them below for your reference.
Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates!
OPPO F5 Youth Key Features
a 6.0 inches Capacitive Touchscreen display with a screen resolution of 1080 x 2160 pixels
Octa Core 2.5 GHz Cortex-A53, Mediatek MT6763T Helio P23 that is coupled with Mali-G71 MP2 GPU
3 GB RAM
32 GB Storage default memory capacity
a 13 MP Camera with 1080p@30fps, Geo Tagging, HDR, Panorama
16 MP Camera selfie camera
a Non-removable Li-Ion 3200 mAh battery Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Buy At Price of Rs 19,900
Key Features
5.5-inch Full HD Display
Android Nougat 7.0 OS
3 GB RAM
64 GB ROM
Expandable Upto 128 GB
13MP Rear Camera
13MP Front Camera
Exynos Octa-Core 1.6GHz Processor
3600 mAh Battery Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Rumoured Key Features
5.99 inches IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen
Android 7.1.2 (Nougat)
Qualcomm MSM8953 Snapdragon 625
Octa-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A53
64 GB, 4 GB RAM or 32 GB
3 GB RAM
12 MP, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash
5 MP, 1080p
Non-removable Li-Po 4000 mAh battery Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus Key Features
5.99 inches IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen
Android 7.1.2 (Nougat)
Qualcomm MSM8953 Snapdragon 625
Octa-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A53
64 GB, 4 GB RAM or 32 GB
3 GB RAM
5 MP front Camera
Non-removable Li-Po 4000 mAh battery Xiaomi Mi A1 Buy At Price of Rs 12,999
Key Features
5.5 inches LTPS IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen
12 MP Camera
Android 7.1.2 (Nougat), planned upgrade to Android 8.0 (Oreo); Android One
Qualcomm MSM8953 Snapdragon 625
Octa-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A53
5 MP
Non-removable Li-Ion 3080 mAh battery Huawei Honor 7X Key Features
5.93 inches IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen
Android 7.0 (Nougat)
Octa-core (4x2.36 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.7 GHz Cortex-A53)
64 GB, 4 GB RAM (L21) or 32/64 GB
4 GB RAM (L22) or 32 GB, 3 GB RAM (L24)
8 MP, 1080p Camera
Non-removable Li-Ion 3340 mAh battery OnePlus 5T Buy At Price of Rs 37,999
Key Features 6.01 inches Optic AMOLED capacitive touchscreen
Android 7.1.1 (Nougat)
Qualcomm MSM8998 Snapdragon 835
Octa-core (4x2.45 GHz Kryo & 4x1.9 GHz Kryo)
128 GB, 8 GB RAM or 64 GB, 6 GB RAM
16 MP Camera
Non-removable Li-Po 3300 mAh battery Apple iPhone X Buy At Price of Rs 89,000
Key Features
5.8 inch Super Retina HD Display
64 GB ROM
12MP + 12MP Dual Rear Camera
7MP Front Camera
A11 Bionic Chip with 64-bit Architecture, Neural Engine, Embedded M11 Motion Coprocessor Processor
lithium-ion Battery Samsung Galaxy Note8 Buy At Price of Rs 67,900
Key Features
6.3 inches Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen
Android 7.1.1 (Nougat)
Qualcomm MSM8998 Snapdragon 835 - USA & China
Octa-core CPU
microSD, up to 256 GB
64/128/256 GB, 6 GB RAM Huawei Mate 10 Pro Key Features
6.0 inches AMOLED capacitive touchscreen
Android 8.0 (Oreo)
Octa-core (4x2.4 GHz Cortex-A73 & 4x1.8 GHz Cortex-A53)
128 GB, 6 GB RAM or 64 GB, 4 GB RAM
8 MP
Non-removable Li-Po 4000 mAh battery
Date Taken: 12.04.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 03:03 Photo ID: 3082877 VIRIN: 161205-F-CA297-039 Resolution: 2870x1914 Size: 396.76 KB Location: (UNDISCLOSED LOCATION)
Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work, If they can't talk, they can't fight: Compass Call targets Da'esh through electronic attack [Image 1 of 20], by SrA Andrew Park, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's quick, cheap and convenient, yet many women still worry that box hair dye equals iffy colour results, damaged hair and splattered bathroom walls.
However, that's all changing, says A-list hairdresser and Clairol colour expert Michael Douglas. He created our makeovers using Clairol's new Nice'n Easy permanent colour (£6.49), which promises to be the biggest news in home hair colour for 60 years.
‘It's a game changer – less damage, less smell, less mess and less allergy risk,' he tells us.
How can I dye my hair at home without damaging it?
The new Nice'n Easy formula has a clever new tech that protects condition while you colour, says Michael. ‘It blocks the usual harmful reaction between dye and copper deposits in the hair. You're stopping the damage happening, rather than trying to repair it afterwards.'
Keeping hair in better nick has big benefits, adds Michael. ‘You get really beautiful, even colour from root to tip. The healthier the hair is, the longer the colour lasts too.'
What's the deal with allergies?
Dye allergies are very rare, but when they happen they can be nasty. The main risk factors are PPD and PTD, molecules that are brilliant at colouring hair but can be seen as foreign by your immune system, causing a new allergy.
The new Nice'n Easy formula has swapped PPD and PTD for a new molecule, ME+, with a much lower allergic risk (if you've never reacted to dye before). You still need to patch test each time you use it, though.
If you HAVE reacted to dye before, Coty's head of toxicology Dr Carsten Goebel says the general advice is to not use any hair colourants, as you can't rule out being allergic to ME+. ‘Those who might have an allergy would need to be referred to a dermatologist to see if they could tolerate ME+.'
Can I swap between home and salon colour?
Sure, says Michael. ‘Salon and box dye are essentially the same. In the salon you're paying for someone to advise you and apply the product.'
There's a universal shade code across salon and home colour, so you shouldn't struggle to get a perfect match.
What do you need to know before you dye?
To get the best results, you have to understand what dye can (and can't) do. The results guide on the back of the box only shows what you'll get if you put that shade on natural, uncoloured hair. Remember, dye can't lighten existing dye. It's only virgin hair you can lighten with permanent dye.
‘If your hair is already permanently coloured, it won't lift if you apply a lighter dye on top. Only bleach can do that,' says Michael.
If your hair is permanently coloured, you can use permanent dye to maintain or darken the existing shade or adjust how warm it looks. But if you want to go lighter, get the colour professionally removed.
How to be a DIY blonde
(Image: Catherine Harbour)
● First, be realistic, Expect no more than four shades of lift on natural hair from a box dye, says Michael.
● To choose the right blonde to put on virgin hair, look at dye packs and find the shade number that matches your natural colour.
● If you're mousey (around a 6), your hair has more orange pigments, so use the palest shades (SB1 or SB2) to get the cleanest blonde.
● If you're mid-blonde (7 or 8) you have fewer orange tones to neutralise, so you have more options – like a 9, a biscuity Jennifer Aniston blonde, or the golden honey tones of a 10.
● If you're darker than a 6, go to the salon. They'll use more peroxide to push your hair to a lighter, cleaner blonde.
● If you're grey, try an 8 or 9 for a good, pale blonde. Stay away from blonde ash colours.
● If you've already gone blonde in the salon, ask which shade they used. Remember, pro and home dyes have the same shade codes, so you can buy the same colour to maintain your roots at home.
How to be a DIY redhead
(Image: Catherine Harbour)
● If you're a natural redhead, enhance it with coppery reds, says Michael. To avoid the commitment of regrowth, pick a shade the same depth as your natural tone.
● If you're naturally fair-to-mousey, going a coppery-red is an easy, flattering colour change.
● If you're a bottle blonde you can apply red over the top, but expect a very bright result. For a more muted red, look for shades with RB (red/brown) after the number.
● If you're grey, red will really show in your hair. If you've dyed your greys darker already, you might need to cover your roots in your existing shade first, then apply red over the whole lot. Otherwise you could get a very red parting!
● If you're naturally brunette, you'll suit cooler reds like burgundy. The darker your hair already, the more subtle the result.
How to be a DIY brunette
(Image: Catherine Harbour)
● Brunette is probably the easiest shade to do at home, as you can apply a darker dye over ANY colour, whether it's natural or out of a bottle.
● Staying within two shades of your existing colour is a safe bet, says Michael. ‘You can go darker in one go, but if you want to go lighter again, you'll need the colour professionally removed.'
● If you're covering greys, section off the front of your hair, do the hairline first, then start at the back and work forward. You're less likely to get bored and miss bits.
How to look after coloured hair
● Always use a shampoo for coloured hair, not one for dry or damaged hair.
● Use a weekly treatment to close the cuticles and prevent colour leaching out.
● Heat fades dye, so minimise irons and blow-dries, and always use heat protection sprays.
● Avoid the sun and use products with UV protection.
● Refresh colour between applications with semi-permanent gloss (the ‘6-8 washes' kind is zero damage).
The new Clairol Nice'n Easy is available nationwie, RRP £6.49. For help and advice on choosing your shade, call the free helpline on 0800 028 4177 (UK), 1800 535909 (IRL)
Photography: Catherine Harbour
Hair: Clairol Colour Expert Michael Douglas using new Clairol Nice'n Easy
Make-up: Cassie Steward using Max Factor
Models: Sarah R at Sandra Reynolds, Selina at Mrs Robinson
Continue reading Manhunt For Facebook Killer Widens To 5 States
Photo Highlights: President Obama Chicago Farewell Speech
President Barack Obama makes his final farewell speech in his hometown of Chicago. Arriving at O'hare airport on Airforce One Tuesday, early evening was First Lady Michelle Obama, daughter Malia and Vice President Joe Biden along with wife, Jill Biden. Making a final journey as the 44th President of the United States, expressways and local South Side streets were cleared as traffic stood at a complete when the 20-vehicle caravan made its way to Valois Restaurant in Hyde Park. There, President Obama conducted a one-on-one interview with NBC anchorman, Lester Holt before proceeding to give his farewell speech at McCormick Place. Nearly 20,000 attendees packed the nearly standing-room only space in the East wing of the McCormick Place as VIP attendees sat upfront to hang onto the President's every word. There were various groups that traveled from far and near to be a part of history including celebrity sightings from Sharon Stone to Empire's Jussie Smollett--local and state dignitaries. Opening up the ceremony was a special performance by Hip hop/R&B singer, BJ the Chicago Kid showcasing belting out the national anthem is a smart blue suit. Once President Obama hit the stage, the electric energy of emotions ran throughout the audience. At times, the crowd's applause was so loud that is impossible to hear him but there were moments that silence rippled throughout the venue--knowing this would be his last time addressing his hometown as Chief of Staff. In his signature style of class, poise and honor--he addressed the various strides that he and his administration has made over the last eight years in protecting America's democracy. His emotions got the best of him when he addressed his wife, First Lady Michelle Obama and daughter Malia who sat in the front row along with Vice President Joe Biden, wife Jill and his mother-in-law--Marian Shields Robinson. “Malia and Sasha, under the strangest of circumstances, you have become two amazing young women, smart and beautiful, but more importantly, kind and thoughtful and full of passion. You wore the burden of years in the spotlight so easily. Of all that I've done in my life, I'm most proud to be your dad.” After the speech, the Obama family took time out to walk along the barricades, greeting and shaking hands with supporters and friends. The scene was definitely historic and we knew it was the end of an era of class that will not be duplicated in the White House for a very long time. Follow Mary L. Datcher on Twitter
Healthy Crock-Pot Meals
Katie Westphal, BSN, RN
With cooler evenings on the horizon, warm meals and comfort food start to make a comeback this time of year. However, with jam packed schedules and school activities in the evenings, it can be difficult to find the time to make a healthy meal at home. This will often lead to fast food, take out, and more easy dinners on the go. Unfortunately, this can also add up to a lot of extra money and calories. In this month's newsletter, I am sharing three crock-pot meals that you can prep ahead to help make your life a little simpler. Nothing feels better than knowing you have dinner ready before you even get home from work!
Asian Broccoli and Beef
Ingredients
2 1/4 pounds boneless beef chuck roast
1/4 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce
1/4 cup orange juice
1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger
2 cloves garlic, minced
1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1/4 teaspoon toasted sesame oil (optional)
3 cups broccoli florets
2 tablespoons cold water
1 tablespoon cornstarch
1 tablespoon orange marmalade or 1 teaspoon finely shredded orange peel
1/3 cup dry roasted cashews, coarsely chopped
3 cups hot cooked cellophane noodles or brown rice
Directions
Trim fat from meat. Cut meat into 2-inch pieces. Place meat in a 4-quart slow cooker. In a small bowl combine soy sauce, 3 tablespoons of the orange juice, the ginger, garlic, and cayenne pepper. Pour mixture over meat in cooker. Cover and cook on low-heat setting for 8 to 10 hours or on high-heat setting for 4 to 5 hours. If desired, stir in sesame oil. If using low-heat setting, turn to high-heat setting. Add broccoli to cooker. Cover and cook about 15 minutes more or just until broccoli is tender. Using a slotted spoon, transfer meat to a medium bowl. Using two forks, break meat into smaller pieces. Add broccoli to meat in bowl; cover and keep warm. For sauce, strain cooking liquid through a fine-mesh sieve into a small saucepan. In a small bowl stir the water into cornstarch; stir into strained cooking liquid. Cook and stir over medium heat until slightly thickened and bubbly. Cook and stir for 2 minutes more. Remove from heat. Stir in orange marmalade and the remaining 1 tablespoon orange juice. Add cashews and about half of the sauce to meat mixture; toss gently to coat. Serve over hot cooked noodles. Pass the remaining sauce.
Nutrition Facts:
Makes: 6 servings
6 servings Prep 20 mins
Slow Cook 8 hrs 15 mins to 10 hrs 15 mins (low) or 4 1/4 to 5 1/4 hours (high)
Serving Size: 1 cup broccoli beef mixture plus 1/2 cup noodles
PER SERVING: 327 cal., 8 g total fat (2 g sat. fat), 70 mg chol., 481 mg sodium, 34 g carb. (2 g fiber, 5 g sugars), 28 g pro
Italian Herbed Chicken and Mozzarella Melts
Ingredients
Nonstick cooking spray
8 skinless, boneless chicken thighs (about 2 pounds total)
2 medium green sweet peppers, thinly sliced
1/2 teaspoon dried rosemary, crushed
1 cup bottled spaghetti sauce
1/2 cup coarsely chopped pitted Kalamata olives
1 cup shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese (4 ounces)
1/4 cup snipped fresh basil
2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese
8 slices whole grain Italian bread
Apple slices (optional)
Directions
Lightly coat a 3 1/2- or 4-quart slow cooker with cooking spray. Lightly coat a large nonstick skillet with cooking spray. Heat the skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken; cook about 2 minutes or until light brown on both sides, turning once. Place sweet peppers in prepared slow cooker. Top with chicken. Sprinkle with rosemary. Pour spaghetti sauce over chicken. Cover and cook on low-heat setting for 6 1/2 to 7 hours or on high-heat setting for 3 1/4 to 3 1/2 hours. Preheat broiler. Line a baking sheet with foil; set aside. Using a slotted spoon transfer peppers and chicken to a medium bowl, reserving cooking juices. Using two forks pull chicken apart into coarse shreds. Add olives to chicken. In a small bowl combine mozzarella cheese, basil, and Parmesan cheese. Place bread on prepared baking sheet. Broil 4 to 5 inches from the heat for 1 to 2 minutes or until toasted. Turn over bread slices. Top each slice with some of the chicken mixture; drizzle each with about 1 tablespoon of the cooking juices. Sprinkle each with cheese mixture. Broil 1 to 2 minutes more or until toasted and cheese is melted. If desired, serve with apple.
Makes: 5 servings
5 servings Prep 20 mins
Slow Cook 6 1/2 to 7 hours (low) or 3 1/4 to 3 1/2 hours (high)
Broil 2 mins
Serving Size: 1 open-face sandwich
PER SERVING: 296 cal., 10 g total fat (3 g sat. fat), 118 mg chol., 584 mg sodium, 20 g carb. (6 g fiber, 4 g sugars), 31 g pro
Italian Wild Rice Soup
Ingredients
1 pound ground pork
4 cups water
2 14 1/2 – ounce can lower-sodium beef broth
1 14 1/2 – ounce can no-salt-added diced tomatoes with basil, garlic, and oregano, undrained
1 6 – ounce can tomato paste
1 cup chopped onion (1 large)
3/4 cup wild rice, rinsed and drained
6 cloves garlic, minced
2 tablespoons Italian seasoning, crushed
1 1/2 teaspoons paprika
1 teaspoon fennel seeds
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper
1 9 – ounce package fresh spinach, chopped
1/2 cup finely shredded Parmesan cheese (2 ounces)
Directions
In a large skillet cook pork over medium heat until no longer pink, using a wooden spoon to break up meat as it cooks; drain off fat. In a 4- to 6-quart slow cooker combine cooked pork, the water, broth, tomatoes, tomato paste, onion, uncooked wild rice, garlic, Italian seasoning, paprika, fennel seeds, black pepper, salt, and crushed red pepper. Cover and cook on low-heat setting for 7 to 8 hours or on high-heat setting for 3 1/2 to 4 hours. Stir spinach into soup. Serve topped with cheese.
Makes: 8 Servings
Servings Per Recipe: 8
PER SERVING: 274 cal., 11 g total fat (5 g sat. fat), 45 mg chol., 315 mg sodium, 24 g carb. (6 g fiber, 8 g sugars), 20 g pro
Journal reference:
For millennia, people have used molten sand and other ingredients to create glass and fashion beads, vessels, lenses and windows.These days, metallic glasses - made entirely of metal atoms - are being developed for biomedical applications such as extra-sharp surgical needles, stents, and artificial joints or implants because the alloys can be ultra-hard, extra strong, very smooth and resistant to corrosion.While a combination of trial and error and scientific research helped refine glassmaking processes over time, controlling the creation of metallic glasses at the atomic level remains an inexact endeavor informed largely by long experience and intuition."Our job," says Paul Voyles, "is to build fundamental understanding by adding more data."The Beckwith-Bascom Professor in materials science and engineering at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, Voyles and collaborators in Madison and at Yale University have made significant experimental strides in understanding how, when and where the constantly moving atoms in molten metal "lock" into place as the material transitions from liquid to solid glass.They described what they observed about how those atoms rearrange at different temperatures over time today (March 19, 2018) in the journal Nature Communications. It's knowledge that can add much-needed experimental clarity to several competing theories about how that process, called the glass transition, occurs. It also could help reduce time and costs associated with developing new metallic glass materials, and provide manufacturers greater insight into process design.One processing challenge is that as metals transitions from molten liquid to solid, they tend to form orderly, regularly repeating atomic structures called crystals. In contrast, glass materials have a highly disordered atomic structure. And while making a high-performance metallic glass sounds as simple as preventing metal atoms from forming crystals as the material cools, in reality, it relies somewhat on the luck of the draw."The process that makes a glass and the process that makes a crystal compete with each other, and the one that wins - the one that happens at a faster rate - determines the final product," says Voyles, whose work is supported by the National Science Foundation and U.S. Department of Energy.In a liquid, all of the atoms are moving past each other at all times. As a molten metal cools, and begins its transition to a solid, its atoms slow down and eventually stop moving.It's a complicated atomic-level dance that scientists are still unraveling. Drawing on their expertise in electron microscopy and data analysis, Voyles and his collaborators have measured how long it takes, on average, for an atom to gain or lose adjacent atoms as its environment fluctuates in the molten liquid."An atom is surrounded by a bunch of other atoms," Voyles says. "At really high temperatures, they bounce around and every picosecond (one trillionth of a second), they have a new set of neighbors. As the temperature decreases, they stick with their neighbors longer and longer until they stick permanently."At high temperatures, the atoms all move fast. Then, as the liquid cools, they move more slowly; a simple description might be that all of the atoms slow down together, at the same rate, until they stop moving and the material becomes a solid glass."We have now demonstrated experimentally that is not what happens," says Voyles.Rather, he says, his team's experiments confirmed that the time it takes for atoms to lock into place varies widely - by at least an order of magnitude - from place to place inside the same liquid."Some nanometer-sized regions get 'sticky' first and hold on to their neighbors for a very long time, whereas between the sticky bits are bits that are moving much more quickly," he says. "They continue to fluctuate 10 times faster than in the slow parts and then everything gets slower, but the sticky parts also get bigger until the sticky parts 'win' and the material becomes a solid."Now, he and his collaborators are working to understand how the atomic arrangements differ between the slow and fast parts."That's the next big missing piece of the puzzle," he says.The advance provides valuable information about the fundamental process through which every glass material - from window glass to plastic bottles to pharmaceutical preparations and many others - transitions from liquid to solid, says Voyles."This is really basic science," he says. "But the ultimate potential impact for applications is if we really understand how this works at the atomic level, that gives us the opportunity to build in control that lets us make glasses out of what we want instead of only getting glasses when we get lucky." A metal-organic framework with ultrahigh glass-forming ability " Science Advances (2018).
773 CST Brings Robot to Sembach Girl Scouts
The 7th MSC's 773rd Civil Support Team brought its robot to visit with Girl Scout Troop 991, who is the midst of earning their robotics badges. The robot climbed stairs, picked up and placed objects, and served as a model to help the troops for their own robot designs. The event also provided some valuable community outreach experience to the 773rd team members.
I was able to test out and ride the Kryptonics 33-inch W-concave longboard (Bravo Sports). The top of the skateboard is rough, and it looks and feels like cement. The back of it has a pattern with stripes and also shows palm trees blowing in the wind on a sunset. The board is light and has a slight curve to help with your control.
I think the skateboard is useful for kids who don't want to exercise, because it is fun and they probably wouldn't know it's exercise. I also think that the skateboard teaches you to become a better athlete and to become better at certain skills.
Ages: 10 and older
Rating: 5 smiles out of 5
Sergeant James Reno, a Civil Affairs Marine assigned to Detachment 3 of 2D Civil Affairs Group (2D CAG), conducts a class on the use of night vision goggles following the Detachment's completion of night operations training at Camp Upshur on Marine Corps Base Quantico on February 11, 2017. Detachment 3, commanded by Major Andrew Bauer, had conducted the night training in order to familiarize the Marines with their night vision equipment over the course of a patrol.
2D CAG's four detachments executed a three-day field exercise from February 10 – 12, completing training in convoy operations, key leader engagements, clinic assessment and medical capability, interpreter interaction and usage, night operations, patrolling, and cultural familiarization.
2D CAG is a subordinate unit of Force Headquarters Group (FHG). 2D CAG, along with its sister units of 1st, 3D, and 4th CAG, provides an enabling function to combatant commanders by planning and conducting civil-military operations in support of the commander's objectives. 2D CAG supports II Marine Expeditionary Force (II MEF) and II Marine Expeditionary Brigade (II MEB), as well as those commands' subordinate units.
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.11.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 06:20 Photo ID: 3166734 VIRIN: 160401-A-AB123-0098 Resolution: 640x480 Size: 130.04 KB Location: MARINE CORPS BASE QUANTICO, VA, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 2D Civil Affairs Group Conducts Multi-Faceted Training Exercise [Image 1 of 14], by CPT Thomas Garnett, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Tim Farron has stepped down as Liberal Democrat leader. In a searing speech, he said:
The text is below:
This last two years have seen the Liberal Democrats recover since the devastation of the 2015 election.
That recovery was never inevitable but we have seen the doubling of our party membership, growth in council elections, our first parliamentary by-election win for more than a decade, and most recently our growth at the 2017 general election.
Most importantly the Liberal Democrats have established ourselves with a significant and distinctive role – passionate about Europe, free trade, strong well-funded public services underpinned by a growing market economy.
No one else occupies that space. Against all the odds, the Liberal Democrats matter again.
We can be proud of the progress we have made together, although there is much more we need to do.
From the very first day of my leadership, I have faced questions about my Christian faith. I've tried to answer with grace and patience. Sometimes my answers could have been wiser.
At the start of this election, I found myself under scrutiny again – asked about matters to do with my faith. I felt guilty that this focus was distracting attention from our campaign, obscuring our message.
Journalists have every right to ask what they see fit. The consequences of the focus on my faith is that I have found myself torn between living as a faithful Christian and serving as a political leader.
A better, wiser person than me may have been able to deal with this more successfully, to have remained faithful to Christ while leading a political party in the current environment.
To be a political leader – especially of a progressive, liberal party in 2017 – and to live as a committed Christian, to hold faithfully to the Bible's teaching, has felt impossible for me.
I'm a liberal to my finger tips, and that liberalism means that I am passionate about defending the rights and liberties of people who believe different things to me.
There are Christians in politics who take the view that they should impose the tenets of faith on society, but I have not taken that approach because I disagree with it – it's not liberal and it is counterproductive when it comes to advancing the gospel.
Even so, I seem to be the subject of suspicion because of what I believe and who my faith is in.
In which case we are kidding ourselves if we think we yet live in a tolerant, liberal society.
That's why I have chosen to step down as leader of the Liberal Democrats.
I intend to serve until the parliamentary recess begins next month, at which point there will be a leadership election according to the party's rules.
This is a historic time in British politics. What happens in the next months and years will shape our country for generations.
My successor will inherit a party that is needed now more than ever before. Our future as an open, tolerant and united country is at stake.
The cause of British liberalism has never been needed more. People who will fight for a Britain that is confident, generous and compassionate are needed more than ever before.
That is the challenge our party and my successor faces and the opportunity I am certain that they will rise to.
I want to say one more thing: I joined our party when I was 16, it is in my blood, I love our history, our people, I thoroughly love my party.
Imagine how proud I am to lead this party. And then imagine what would lead me to voluntarily relinquish that honour.
In the words of Isaac Watts it would have to be something ‘so amazing, so divine, (it) demands my heart, my life, my all'.
David Harbour straight-up ruined our mood for the week with the news that Stranger Things Season 3 probably won't debut until 2019, so he was going to need to do something to win back the hearts and minds of disappointed fans. But after being nominated for a Golden Globe for his performance as Chief Hopper and making an epic promise on Twitter, it's safe to say that he's back on everyone's list of favorites.
After the news hit that Harbour was in the running for his first ever Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actor in a TV series, he took to Twitter to express his excitement and gratitude for the opportunity. But as much as fans were thrilled to see the actor getting some well-deserved recognition, one user responded by articulating what literally everyone was thinking:
"You have to do THE dance if you win," a fan wrote.
THE dance, of course, is Harbour's most memorable moment from the latest season, in which Chief Hopper gets down with his bad self to the tune of Jim Croce's "You Don't Mess Around with Jim." The scene became the defining meme for Stranger Things' second season, spawning Twitter accounts and video remixes — and plentiful gifs.
via GIPHY
Harbour's response?
Needless to say, Twitter exploded with delight (and no shortage of vows to hold Harbour to his word; remember, bro, FRIENDS DON'T LIE.)
Meanwhile, Harbour stands to win more at the Golden Globes than just a pretty trophy for acting; if he breaks out those sweet dad moves onstage, Winona Ryder's extra-strength reaction from last year's Globes is officially going to be the second-most internet famous Stranger Things awards season moment.
Stranger Things is currently streaming on Netflix.
Lin-Manuel Miranda and Ben Platt's Release New Song for 'March for Our Lives' The Broadway stars came together to release 'Found/Tonight,' The track is a mashup of Hamilton's 'The Story of Tonight' and Dear Evan Hansen's 'You Will Be Found.' 'Found/Tonight' was arranged by Alex Lacamoire, Alex Lacamoire, via Twitter March for Our Lives is a demonstration for better gun control that will take place Sun., March 24 in Washington, D.C. It comes on the heels of the February shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School that killed 17 students. The song is available on
all streaming platforms,
and a music video was
released on YouTube.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The dream dress can make or break a bride's big day.
Mermaid, trumpet, ballgown - there's so may styles to choose from, and that's before you even start trying to find the right shop to buy it from.
Luckily, there are plenty of wedding dress shops in Cambridge that specialise in getting you looking perfect for your trip down the aisle.
Based on online user reviews and general customer satisfaction, here's our guide to the best wedding dress shops in the city.
The Tailor's Cat
Located in the heart of Cambridge, The Tailor's Cat has been going strong for more than 20 years.
The store stocks bridal gowns from nine different designers in a carefully chosen collection, all of which can be adapted to the needs of every bride to be.
To browse the full catalogue and to find out more, click here.
Burr Bridal
Elsewhere in the city centre, head over to King Street to check out Burr Bridal.
This independent shop has two floors full of wedding dresses from the world's leading designers, as well as an eclectic range of bridal gowns.
If this wasn't enough, the store is also home to a wide range of formal suits for men.
Click here to find out more.
Mia Sposa Bridal
The big winner at the Bridal Awards every year between 2012 and 2016, Mia Sposa is a spacious bridal studio located on Homerton Street.
The company prides itself on offering award-winning designer ranges to suit all budgets, with experienced consultants on hand to help you every step of the way when choosing the perfect dress for you.
Head to their website to browse their in-store catalogue.
Cambridge Bridal Studio
You'll find Cambridge Bridal Studio in Willingham.
Viewings are by appointment only, so head to their website to book before making the trip to the shop.
Expert advice from the team of trained wedding consultants is guaranteed.
Brides by Solo
If none of these shops take your fancy, you can always head over to Newmarket for Brides by Solo.
With 34 years of experience, they know exactly what brides want in a dress.
Click here to find out more.
Smashing your glass drug pipe is not a smart way to conceal the illegal item, a judge told Plath. (FILE)
Smashing your glass drug pipe is not a smart way to conceal the illegal item, a judge told Plath. (FILE) John Weekes
FAMILY who travelled from far away helped persuade a judge to give another chance to a man with a long criminal history..
Bundaberg's Daniel William Plath had already spent 224 days in custody by the time he appeared in court on Tuesday.
Chief Justice Catherine Holmes said the Bundaberg man faced an "array of offences” which included drug possession, obstructing police, and a weapons charge.
Prosecutors said Plath, 41, was charged for having drugs including oxycodone, testosterone and diazepam.
Brisbane Supreme Court heard there was no allegation Plath was dealing commercially.
The Crown said an aggravating feature of some offending was that Plath was on bail.
Defence counsel Robert East said loved ones travelled from places including Coffs Harbour to support Plath on Tuesday.
"They've all been to see him in prison,” Mr East added.
Plath also faced a charge of failing to appear but Mr East said his client "to his credit” presented himself to police after realising he had failed to report on time.
The Chief Justice said one charge related to Plath smashing a glass pipe with his foot in a "not too effective act of concealment”.
She told Plath: "You have a bad criminal history” with many charges including breaching domestic violence orders.
But she added: "It seems when you go to jail you think about things a bit more and you get back on track.”
The judge said Plath's relatives took the trouble to visit Brisbane.
She said one relative had explained to the court some hardships Plath had previously encountered.
The Chief Justice told Plath he needed help, and should enrol in programs to prevent reoffending - if not for himself, then for his loved ones.
Plath was sentenced to 20 months jail but released on parole immediately. - NewsRegional
New Delhi: The Dubai World Superseries will be the final tournament of the 2017 BWF Super Series. PV Sindhu and Kidambi Srikanth will represent India in this tournament. Srikanth is currently ranked fourth in the Men's Singles category, meanwhile, PV Sindhu is ranked third in the Women's Singles category.
When and where is the Dubai World Superseries taking place?
The Dubai World Superseries will take place between 13th December and 17th December 2017, in Dubai (United Arab Emirates).
How to watch the Dubai World Superseries?
The Dubai World Superseries will be shown at Star Sports 2 and Star Sports 2 HD. The matches will also be live streamed at Hotstar.com.
What is the draw for the Men's Singles category in the Dubai World Superseries?
Group A:
Wan-ho Son
Wei Lee Chong
Long Ng Ka
Long Chen
Group B:
Kidambi Srikanth
Yuqi Shi
Tien-chen Chou
Viktor Axelsen
What is the draw for the Women's Singles category in the Dubai World Superseries?
Group A:
Yamaguchi Akane
PV Sindhu
Sato Sayaka
Bingjiao He
Group B:
Tzu-ying Tai
Ji-hyun Sung
Intanon Ratchanok
Yufei Chen
What is the draw for the Men's Doubles category in the Dubai World Superseries?
Group A:
Marcus Fernaldi / Kevin Sukamuljo
Junhui Li / Yuchen Liu
Mads Conrad-Petersen / Mads Kolding
Takeshi Kamura / Keigo Sonoda
Group B:
Mathias Boe / Carsten Mogensen
Cheng Liu / Nan Zhang
Jhe-huei Lee / Yang Lee
Takuro Hoki / Yugo Kobayashi
What is the draw for the Women's Doubles category in the Dubai World Superseries?
Group A:
Shiho Tanaka / Koharu Yonemoto
Qingchen Chen / Yifan Jia
Yaqiong Huang / Xiaohan Yu
Ye-na Chang / So-hee Lee
Group B:
Yuki Fukushima / Sayaka Hirota
Kamilla Pedersen / Christinna Juhl
Kyung-eun Jung / Seung-chan Shin
Ya-ching Hsu / Ti-jung Wu
What is the draw for the Mixed Doubles category in the Dubai World Superseries?
Group A:
Zheng Siwei / Chen Qingchen
Tang Chun Man / Tse Ying Suet
Praveen Jordan / Debby Susanto
Kenta Kazuno / Ayane Kurihara
Group B:
Wang Yilyu / Huang Dongping
Tontowi Ahmad / Liliyana Natsir
Tan Kiang Meng / Lai Pei Jing
Chris Adcock / Gabby Adcock
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rafael Nadal will overtake Andy Murray to reclaim the world number one ranking next week after Roger Federer announced his withdrawal from the Western & Southern Open in Cincinnati with a back problem.
Only Federer could have prevented the Spaniard from returning to the summit for the first time since July 2014, with Murray guaranteed to be toppled as he continues his recuperation from a hip problem.
The Scot, who lost to Marin Cilic in the 2016 Cincinnati final, will lose 600 points, meaning Nadal would usurp him even if the 31-year-old followed his big-name rivals in withdrawing from the tournament.
Nadal is the only player in the world's top six still standing in the Cincinnati event, with Federer now joining Murray, Cilic, Novak Djokovic and Stan Wawrinka on the sidelines.
Apologising to Cincinnati fans in a statement, Federer said: "Unfortunately, I tweaked my back in Montreal and I need to rest this week."
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Nadal could have reclaimed the world number one spot by reaching the semi-finals in Montreal last week, but fell to Denis Shapovalov in the third round.
poll loading Will Andy Murray reclaim his world number one ranking? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
Marcia Love
Whitecourt Star
Grab a camera and show the world what Alberta's forest industry means to you.
The Alberta Forest Alliance (AFA) is seeking help from the next generation of filmmakers in producing a promotional video on the forest industry.
It's calling on youth in grades 6 to 10 with a keen interest in video production to create a piece showcasing the positive impact the forest industry has on their lives, community and province.
The winning three videos will be used in AFA presentations and on its website, with the first place winner receiving an iPad Pro, second place receiving an iPad Mini, and third place receiving an iPod.
Videos must be 9.5 to 10 minutes in length. They will be judged on professionalism, creativity, factual information, and how well the overall presentation is.
Ray Hilts, executive director of AFA, emphasized the importance of forestry to rural communities and said the contest is a way of highlighting that.
“Our youth live and work in these same communities, and our leadership team decided it would be nice to hear from our young people in terms of the importance of forestry through their lens,” he said.
He hopes the entries will help tell the compelling story of the forest industry as seen by young people.
The deadline for entries is Dec. 31. Entries can be copied onto a DVD or USB drive and mailed to:
Alberta Forest Alliance
Box 10046 River Valley PO
Whitecourt, Alberta
T7S 1W8
For more information on the contest and rules, visit albertaforestalliance.ca/afa-youth-video-contest
BAYERN Munich's star striker Robert Lewandowski wants to leave the Bundesliga club this summer to seek “a new challenge”, according to his agent.
In late February, the Poland international parted ways with his previous agent of 10 years, Cezary Kucharski, and signed up with Pini Zahavi, one of the most powerful agents in world football.
“Robert feels that he needs a change and a new challenge in his career,” said Zahavi.
“The managers of Bavaria know about it.”
RUMOUR MILL: CHELSEA'S AUDACIOUS $177M RECORD PLAY
The 29-year-old, whose Bayern contract runs until 2021, has been linked with Champions League winners Real Madrid, Qatari-backed Paris Saint-Germain and Premier League giants Chelsea and Manchester United.
“I want to focus on preparing for the World Cup, I'm not thinking about club matters, I have a manager for that,” Lewandowski told reporters in the mountain resort of Arlamow, where the Polish team is preparing for the World Cup.
He was the Bundesliga's top scorer last season with 29 goals and would be a red hot signing for any club.
J-LEAGUE'S EMBARRASSING FERNANDO TORRES LEAK
Embarrassed J-League officials have issued an apology after announcing that Spanish World Cup winner Fernando Torres had completed a transfer to Japanese club Sagan Tosu.
But the leaked post, which was dated May 31 but hastily removed from the J-League's official website, could still signal Torres's arrival in Japan after speculation linking the former Liverpool striker with a move.
Before being deleted, the news was widely shared on social media, triggering rumours of a formal announcement from Kyushu-based Sagan.
Camera Icon Atletico Madrid's Spanish forward Fernando Torres. Picture: AFP
Japan's professional football league, which was launched in 1993, welcomed Barcelona icon Andres Iniesta to rival club Vissel Kobe last week.
On its official Twitter feed the J-League apologised for the gaffe.
“We deeply apologise to staff and fans of Sagan Tosu for the misunderstanding.”
Ex-Chelsea striker Torres, who scored the winner for Spain in Euro 2008 final and also won the 2010 World Cup and another European title in 2012, is leaving his boyhood club Atletico Madrid.
The 34-year-old has also been linked with a move to the Major League Soccer's Chicago Fire.
But Sagan, who are languishing second from bottom of the J-League first division, have emerged as a candidate to sign Torres as they look to ease their relegation fears.
TERRY PARTS WAYS WITH VILLA
Sky Sports reports that former England and Chelsea skipper John Terry is parting ways with Aston Villa.
Terry joined Villa on a one-year deal last summer and captained the side this season, making 35 league appearances.
Villa finished fourth in the Championship but narrowly missed out on promotion to the Premier League after a 1-0 loss to Fulham in the play-off final at Wembley.
Camera Icon John Terry shows appreciation to the fans after the Sky Bet Championship Play Off Final between Aston Villa and Fulham. Picture: Getty Images
MAGPIES SIGN GOALKEEPER ON PERMANENT DEAL
Newcastle have completed the signing of goalkeeper Martin Dubravka on a permanent deal.
Dubravka initially moved to St James' Park on loan from Czech side Sparta Prague but has now signed a contract until June 2022.
The 29-year-old impressed on his debut in March, keeping a clean sheet as Newcastle beat Manchester United 1-0.
He went on to make 12 Premier League appearances and helped the club finish the season in 10th position.
WHEN Ange Postecoglou sensationally quit the Socceroos in November, he delivered an opening address before facing a stunned press pack.
An emotional Postecoglou made a point of acknowledging the key contributors on his rollercoaster Socceroos journey, starting with the Lowy family, Football Federation Australia chief executive David Gallop and the players.
“To Nick Fordham, Frank Trimboli, the guys who look after me, thanks for their continued support,” Postecoglou continued.
Of the many names, Trimboli was among the few — along with Postecoglou's wife and closest confidants — who knew of his exit plans in preceding weeks.
Camera Icon UK Soccer agent Frank Trimboli Picture: Richard Hatherly
Few local soccer aficionados knew of Trimboli's standing in the game. That's because the Perth-raised sports agent has been busy conquering the world.
With respect, Postecoglou is small fry for Trimboli's Base Soccer stable, which includes Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger, former England boss Roy Hodgson and Liverpool's last European champion Gerard Houllier — plus a host of world-class players. Though that could soon change.
A man not easily impressed, Postecoglou offers an insight into the world of Trimboli.
“I remember going to a Premier League game and driving with (Frank) and Vinnie (Grella, Trimboli's business partner). In the two-hour journey he was on the phone the whole time. By the end he'd spoken to five Premier League clubs, three different managers, two Serie A (Italy) and La Liga (Spain) clubs,” Postecoglou recalls.
Raised in Karrinyup, Trimboli may have a low profile back home, but in soccer's European mecca he is a respected kingmaker.
Last September, Forbes rated Base Soccer at No.21 in a list of the world's top sports agencies (No.9 in soccer), estimating that it managed $402 million ($US325 million) worth of contracts.
Based in the heart of London, Base Soccer's global operation staff of agents, consultants, scouts and administration is at 50 and counting.
“It's nice to be recognised in the upper echelon of a fiercely competitive industry,'' Trimboli says. “For me it's not about being the biggest, it's about being the best for the people you work for. Reputation's important.”
Trimboli's “bulls--t detection radar” has been fine-tuned after 20 years in the cut-throat industry. When it comes to business he's economical with his time. Meetings are short and sharp; hotel lobbies and his Soho office are preferred destinations. He's been known to walk out on lunches to conclude a deal.
Camera Icon Frank with his children Sam (13), Archie (9), Rory (11) and wife Lindsay. Picture: Richard Hatherly
While relaxed and expansive for STM, the interview was book-ended by meetings and he retained his razor-sharp appearance despite the customary lack of sleep. Shirt pressed and tucked into his chinos with a designer belt and tailored jacket, Trimboli cuts an intimidating figure.
Daniel Johnston met Trimboli in the Trinity College schoolyard and remembers a gun athlete who looked “older than your dad”. The pair later studied commerce together at UWA and, although they lost contact when Trimboli moved overseas, they reconnected a few years ago after a chance meeting in Perth. Now they meet on his annual return “home”, most recently in December.
“He was never going to be an accountant, he had a lot more go and personality in him than just that,” Johnston says. “He was always a deal maker.
“He always wanted to be in business. Maybe he thought accounting was his way into the business world. I thought it would be on the field, whether it be athletics (Trimboli was a WA 100m and 200m State champion) or football (he was offered a gridiron scholarship). It's turned out to be off the field.”
Unbeknown to Trimboli's parents, some early moments would have a profound affect on their son. There was his first introduction to soccer, when his dad woke him (“he wasn't even that big a soccer fan”) in the wee hours running around the house celebrating Paolo Rossi's hat-trick against Brazil in the 1982 World Cup. The young Trimboli was hooked. He now manages another '82 heroes, Marco Tardelli.
His Italian heritage is a bonus. He speaks the language fluently and the country of his parents' birth gave him his break in this game. Add this to a work ethic inherited from his real estate agent father Sam, and his mum Maria's no-nonsense attitude, and Trimboli has great presence — a prerequisite in the dog-eat-dog agency world.
At Our Lady of Good Counsel primary school in Karrinyup he climbed a pole during the lunch break to replace the Australian flag with the flag of Italy the morning after the Azzurri's '82 Cup triumph over West Germany.
Like many Aussies, Frank experienced the London rite of passage but after 18 months he reached a fork in the road. It was mid-1998. Trimboli was in finance with no skin in the soccer industry when a switch flicked after reading about Italian Christian Vieri's $38 million transfer from Atletico Madrid to Lazio.
“I was on the train from Bank to Mansion House and the lights go out, 20 seconds later they come back on. It was literally a light-bulb moment,'' he says. “I had to make a decision — stay (in London) or go back and work in the family business back in Australia.That afternoon I walked into a (bookstore) and asked one of the staff, ‘Can you show me a book on how to become a football agent?' After walking to the 10th shop, realising no such book existed, I thought, ‘What do I do here?'”
Bright-eyed, Trimboli scribbled notes into a scrapbook and that night one of his pals, Jason Bontempo, introduced him to a London-based mate. Stan Lazaridis, the WA great and ex-Socceroo, was in his prime at West Ham and regrets they did not meet sooner.
Camera Icon Stan Lazaridis at his old club grounds, Floreat Athena Picture: Simon Santi
“He was the sort of agent I wish I had. There was generally no emotion or care with my agents. I think I could've played for a bigger club if I'd met Frank earlier,'' Lazaridis says.
“I must've had a whole host of clubs keens in my peak. I knew of Arsenal, Leeds, Benfica, Celtic and Rangers. Unfortunately, I'd get the message late and wasn't one to rock the boat. Frank won't promise the world and deliver an atlas. He's likeable and honest. I put Daniel Ricciardo in touch with him — they spoke and he was honest enough to say, ‘I don't think I'm the guy (for Formula One)', but he helped Daniel find the right agent.”
Leaning on WA contacts, his dad introduced him to “the godfather of WA soccer”, Gary Marocchi, who in turn introduced him to local product Chris Coyne.
Trimboli was still working in a bank when he completed his first deal, ducking out to meet as many people as possible during a one-hour lunch break. Coyne recalls: “I got a call from Frank (in 2000), who said there's a club in Scotland keen, you interested? I flew there, met Steve Archibald (a budding Trimboli contact), jumped in a car, done in 24 hours. It was surreal. Without (Frank), I probably would've ended up in the NSL (the forerunner to the A-League).”
Bernie Mandic, a trailblazer in Australian soccer, introduced Trimboli to Base Soccer in 2001 and after spending a year bashing down the door of chairman and founder Leon Angel for an interview, landed a gig. Angel has proved to be a key mentor.
It coincided with a golden era for Australian soccer, where our products were all the rage in Europe, headlined by Harry Kewell and Mark Viduka. Trimboli, a similar age to many players, was rising to prominence himself.
Camera Icon Harry Kewell scores Australia's second goal against India during their AFC Asian Cup group C soccer match at Al-Saad stadium in Doha, Qatar, in 2011. Picture: AP/Saurabh Das
Within a year Trimboli — in his mid-20s — not only survived the cull after Base Soccer went through a management buyout, but was named chief executive — a title he retains.
“My lucky break was in 2005 when I moved Patrick Vieira from Arsenal to Juventus (a $30.6 million transfer). That deal takes you to another level in terms of name and reputation,'' Trimboli says. “That year I did three other big deals into Italy and things snowballed from there. We could see the importance of brokering deals from one country to another and doing it under the radar.
“For a few years I did most deals for Roma from Italy to England, the first ever swap deal for Real Madrid — trading Julio Baptista (to Arsenal) for (Jose Antonio) Reyes. We created an important international network, and signed good players in the UK — (England stars) Kyle Walker (sold from Tottenham to Manchester City last July for $87.3 million), Danny Rose, Ashley Young.”
Such deals are often conducted late into the night and take months to conclude, with constant travel. As such, family support is priceless. Wife Lindsay — a Scot who is a former European marketing director of Yahoo — was instrumental in convincing Trimboli to stay in London and follow his dreams.
Now she runs an impromptu restaurant for when his closest soccer pals pop in. Sons Sam, Rory and Archie — all Arsenal fans — hang off the players' every word.
“Gilberto Silva (Brazil 2002 World Cup winner) is a client and one of my closest friends. When in London he comes to my house and eats with the family,'' Trimboli says. “Two of my boys want to be footballers. Gilberto tells them how, as an 11-year-old, he was shipped three hours away to work for two to three weeks and his pay at the end of that was a live chicken to bring home to the family, which he lost a few times on the bus. The boys just can't comprehend!”
After focusing on Europe, Trimboli's return to the Australian market coincided with Grella joining the agency in 2013. “He was persistent and wanted to help Australians,” Trimboli says. “We moved a few boys and now we're involved with Ange.”
Grella, who prepared meticulously for games, says it's been eye-opening.
“We visited a few clubs in Italy in 48 hours. It was like spending three weeks with another agent, it was that intense — you learn so much,” Grella says. “Their calmness in pressure situations makes you feel more comfortable when you're responsible for players' careers. It's not buying a pair of shoes — get it wrong, buy another pair.”
Base Soccer's under-the-radar approach in an industry full of bluff, bluster and ego is a reason Trimboli and Co. have become coach whisperers. They've secured deals and provide counsel for Wenger, Hodgson, Francesco Guidolin (ex-Swansea, Udinese), Slaven Bilic (West Ham), Luciano Spalletti (Roma, Inter Milan), Andre Villas-Boas (Tottenham) and Vincenzo Montella (AC Milan, Seville).
Trimboli and Grella facilitated Harry Kewell's first senior managerial job with English fourth-tier side Crawley Town, before becoming entrenched in the Postecoglou shock announcement in 2017.
“Frank has been a good sounding board and along with my commercial manager Nick Fordham, were great in supporting me during this last period,” Postecoglou says. “Frank was confident that an opportunity would come up should I decide to leave the Socceroos. Sitting in his office you see people coming through who are among the most important in the game.”
Postecoglou kicks off the season with his Japanese club Yokohama F Marinos in three weeks and Trimboli says he has the potential to make a mark in Europe. “I wouldn't be working with him unless that was the case. His attention to detail is unbelievable,'' says Trimboli.
One senses the biggest deals are yet to come for the tenacious kingmaker.
Additional reporting by Ben Robinson
A FINAL decision on whether the Aviation Expo will go ahead this weekend will be made today at noon says Lismore City Council's Danielle Hanigan.
"We haven't made a final decision yet but its not the sort of event that you can hold in the wet weather for the safety of the planes and aerobatics,” Ms Hanigan said.
"If the adverse weather continues then we will look to postpone the event.”
If the event is postponed the next proposed date is July 29.
"I think everyone is really crossing their fingers that the weather is going to come good towards the end of the week.”
"If it is not going to rain on the day it will go ahead, the ground is wet and all that means is that parking on-site is very limited so we have organised free shuttle buses from the CBD.”
The event has some spectacular activities lined up for everyone, including a visit from the RAAF C-17A Globemaster and the Paul Bennett aerobatic display.
"Come along its a great day for the whole family whether or not you are a aviation enthusiast or not, I think there will be something for everyone.”
Galleries
Party
An otherworldly tribe, faces shrouded in acid-toned ribbed stockings, heads helmeted in cellophane, foil or Crayola-hued fake hair. They view the world through virtual reality lenses and stomp on silicone platforms, cell phone clamped to arm or calf. They look like no one you know, yet in the piles and piles and piles beneath which they're cocooned, you recognize allusions to the familiar — bombshell bustier, gentleman's polished tweeds, pragmatic puffa. Only none of it is quite as it should be, the comfort of familiarity unsettled by iconoclastic application.
To quote the song, what's going on?
Why, it's part of an “ongoing study of seductions in the millennial era,” silly! The study's director: John Galliano, perhaps the haute laboratory's most rabid experimentalist for 20-plus years, first at Christian Dior and now at Maison Margiela Artisanal.
If the photographs here don't scream glamour as you think of it, that's the genius of Galliano. Part of it, anyway; he's also really, really good at making clothes. But for the purpose of making sense of the seemingly unglamorous glamour he's been touting for the past few seasons, Galliano has an idea and he runs with it. Sometimes he runs far, far, away from any place those with more linear thought processes could possibly imagine.
For fall, Galliano has somehow applied the developments of those seasons past — dressing in haste, décortiqué — and arrived at a place of nomadic currency. Foreign though they look, his runway denizens are not aliens at all. They're us. “We're all nomads,” Galliano muses in his second runway-specific podcast (compelling content with a delivery to match; Galliano could do Shakespearean voiceover work, if there's a market for such). He implies that his runway pilings — carrying everything you own with you — represent the digital pilings we're never without. “We're all nomads today and we're attached to our iPhones. It's everything in our iPads. We are nomadic. We do move in tribes. I came up with this word: neo digital natives.”
To describe what digital natives wear is complicated business: They bind themselves in tulle tubes and get almost swallowed by multiple giant puffa jackets; they stuff jackets with upholstery wadding, make argyle skirts out of plastic squares and they love a giant Velcro closure. Their dominant look exists at the intersection of aggression and a weird, futuristic kind of comfort.
All of which made for riveting viewing the last day of the couture season. Yet Galliano's point is not to merely make heads spin. As noted, he's really good at making clothes. (One example, the giant needle-punched coat in look 26. Downsized a little, and in the vernacular of those leg phones, OMG!) “I'm a dressmaker,” Galliano says in the podcast. A dressmaker who believes in couture's historical role as fashion's greatest laboratory. To that end, he says as well that his “new glamour” examination may be nearing its end. If so, it will be fascinating to see where he goes next. In Galliano's couture, experimentation starts with cutting and draping with the hope of discovery, particularly of new volumes that can drive fashion forward.
So, Marvin Gaye, what's going on? Fashion. Frenetic, fabulous, and not for the faint of heart.
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
U.S. Marines with Special Purpose Marine Air-Ground Task Force-Crisis Response-Africa trained Senegal's Gendarmerie in entry control points and vehicle control points during a three-week training exercise with Marines in Diamniadio, Senegal, in September 2017. SPMAGTF-CR-AF is deployed to conduct limited crisis-response and theater-security operations in Europe and Africa. (U.S. Marine Corps video by Staff Sgt. Rebekka S. Heite)
Eagles right tackle Lane Johnson (65) blocks against Chargers defensive end Joey Bosa last Sunday in the Eagles' 26-24 win. (Photo: AP)
PHILADELPHIA - The top quarterbacks are often measured by their won-loss record, certainly a badge of honor for those who just find a way to win, baby.
There is no such measurement for an offensive lineman.
That may change because it is becoming apparent how much better the Eagles are with right tackle Lane Johnson in the lineup. That is measurable because of Johnson's 10-game suspension last season for PED use, one that Johnson said still motivates him to this day – especially when he hears about it from opposing fans and players.
That happened last Sunday against the Los Angeles Chargers, when defensive tackle Damion Square called Johnson " 'roid boy."
"He was messing with me, having fun," Johnson said. "But I get that pretty much every game ... If that's what gets them going. Just so they know, they gotta face me the whole game. I'll show up."
That is evident. Since the start of the 2016 season, the Eagles are 8-2 with Johnson, 2-8 without him.
Johnson doesn't run the ball, catch the ball or throw the ball. He stands 6-foot-6 and weighs 320 pounds. He simply lines up, blocks the defensive player across from him and tries to make sure his opponent doesn't get anywhere near quarterback Carson Wentz.
So why does so much of the Eagles' success seem to rest on the broad shoulders of Johnson, more so than any other player? And that includes Wentz, who's 10-10 in his brief NFL career.
"I guess it's because I've been here the last four or five years, and had those reps, and guys have had the reps with me, so they're used to my style of playing," Johnson said. "Other than that, I really don't know. I try to go out there and play my best whenever I'm out there because I haven't been out there much the past few seasons."
Last Sunday, Johnson mostly went against Chargers defensive end Joey Bosa and held him without a sack. He has also faced the Giants' Jason Pierre-Paul and Kansas City's Justin Houston. He would have faced Arizona's Markus Golden this Sunday, but Golden, who had 12.5 sacks last season, suffered a season-ending knee injury last week.
The Eagles drafted Johnson fourth overall in the 2013 draft, and even back then, they were always planning for him to take over at left tackle for Jason Peters. In fact, the Eagles gave Johnson a contract worthy of a left tackle in March 2016, at five years, $56.3 million. At the time, he was the highest-paid right tackle.
EAGLES: Two WRs thrive while Jeffery, Smith struggle
HS FOOTBALL: Dickinson forfeits final six games
And yet that inevitable move to left tackle hasn't happened. The Eagles realized that they're better off with two top tackles rather than moving Johnson to left tackle and trying to develop a right tackle to replace Johnson.
They have extended Peters' contract twice during Johnson's four-plus seasons, most recently this past spring, a few months after Peters turned 35. Peters has been selected to the Pro Bowl nine times in his career.
"In this league, it's so hard to be successful without two tackles because everybody has such great pass rushers on the edge," center Jason Kelce said. "It's becoming a league where you have to have good, dominant right and left tackles because the pass rushers are very good across the board.
"We're very fortunate to have both Jason and Lane on both edges. Not every team is that fortunate. A lot of teams have to design some things up to help out one of their guys, whether it's chipping, or keeping a tight end in, or calling different plays."
That's what the Eagles had to do last season when Johnson was out. Halapoulivaati Vaitai, a rookie last season, replaced Johnson. His first game was tough as Washington's Ryan Kerrigan had two sacks.
Vaitai became serviceable as the season progressed. But tight ends were often used to chip at the defensive end across from him to help him out, and that had a chain reaction on the offense.
It got worse when Vaitai hurt his knee after five games. Allen Barbre moved from left guard to right tackle to replace him.
Then Barbre got hurt late in the Dec. 11 game against Washington. Matt Tobin had to replace him with the Eagles at Washington's 14-yard line with 12 seconds left, trailing by five points.
Tobin was playing on a gimpy knee, and Kerrigan easily pushed him aside, sacked Wentz and forced a fumble that Washington recovered to seal the Eagles' 27-22 defeat.
"Well, it's definitely a huge difference because we were shuffling guys and it not only disrupted one spot, but it disrupted two spots a year ago," Eagles coach Doug Pederson said. "Keeping [the same guys] in there playing is beneficial, it gives your quarterback that comfort level ... And in Lane's case, I think, in his mind, he's prepared himself for 16 games. And he's doing everything the right way and playing well because of it."
Johnson said he watched all of those games from his home in Oklahoma, and mostly seethed.
"Every day that I come in here, I think about all the games that I missed and let my teammates down," Johnson said. "That motivates me a lot. When people question my ability to play this game, they question if I'm any good, I want them to be able to look at the film and say there are no questions about me."
And that includes PED use. Johnson knows that a third violation brings a two-year ban. That would pretty much end his career. Johnson said when he returned for the final two games last season, and again on several occasions this season, that he has stopped taking supplements.
The situation still upsets Johnson, and he said he's playing "pissed off" because of it.
"I feel like I'm the best that I've been as far as a pro," Johnson said. "I feel misunderstood. People don't really know what went on with all my events. It's easy to see from the headlines, but nobody knows what went on behind closed doors."
Johnson isn't the only offensive lineman playing "pissed off," either. Wentz said he noticed this, "They just have an attitude about them, which is awesome to see."
To Johnson, they have all been slighted in some way.
On Peters, Johnson said, "People, all they talk about is his age, and when is he going to retire? I think he gets tired of hearing that. It's what great players do. It's why he's going to be one of the best of all time."
On Kelce, who many expected the Eagles to trade during the offseason after a subpar 2016, "That's what I like, people who are fighters, and that's what we got here. People who are battlers and aren't going to quit. I'll go to battle every day with guys like that."
He's also getting tired of the perception of his team.
"Last time we won the division was my rookie year (2013) and that's been too long. So every year, you've got to hear all about the Cowboys. [NBC Sunday Night Football analyst] Cris Collinsworth, that's all you hear about is Cowboys, Cowboys, and the Redskins. I just get tired of hearing that."
Kelce mentioned some of the slights the line has faced this season. That was especially apparent after the Eagles' 27-20 loss to the Chiefs on Sept. 17, when the Eagles had just 13 designed runs, for 52 yards, compared to 56 drop-backs for Wentz.
"After the Kansas City game, I thought we were getting a lot of undeserved flak," Kelce said. "That lit a fire under everybody. We wanted to prove that we could run the ball, that we were a dominant offensive line."
Since that game, they gained 193 yards rushing against the Giants followed by 214 last week against the Chargers.
Johnson was leading the way, and the Eagles were winning. It's easy to see why.
"I use my suspension as motivation," Johnson said. "I use all the negativity that's been against me to do what I can do. I've been waiting on this season ever since last year. It's been on my mind every day."
Contact Martin Frank at mfrank@delawareonline.com. Follow on Twitter @Mfranknfl.
Karlie Kloss apologized for her involvement in a controversial Vogue photoshoot, which attracted criticism for casting a white woman in a Japanese-themed photoshoot.
The spread — which appeared in the fashion magazine's “diversity themed” March issue — featured the 24-year-old model dressed in traditional geisha garb for a series of photos.
One had her posing alongside a sumo wrestler; another, walking down the stairs of a tea house in flowered kimono. In all, Kloss is wearing a Geisha's Shimada-styled nihongami wig.
Photographer Mikael Jansson shot the editorial in Japan, reportedly as an homage to a 1966 Vogue shoot by Richard Avedon of German model Veruschka.
Karlie Kloss is under fire for culture appropriation after the release of her March 2017 Vogue US photoshoot. Thoughts? pic.twitter.com/Nm9N523Y2G — Pop Crave (@PopCrave) February 15, 2017
After the images circulated and criticism began of Vogue and Kloss for participating in “yellowface,” the magazine removed the photos from its website.
Kloss then apologized on Twitter, writing: “These images appropriate a culture that is not my own and I am truly sorry for participating in a shoot that was not culturally sensitive. My goal is, and always will be, to empower and inspire women. I will ensure my future shoots and projects reflect that mission.”
She was previously involved in another cultural appropriation fashion controversy, when she walked the 2012 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show wearing a Native American-inspired headdress with high-heel moccasins and fringe leather bra and panties. (After the backlash, the look was removed from the CBS broadcast.)
Then, Kloss tweeted, “I am deeply sorry if what I wore during the VS Show offended anyone. I support VS's decision to remove the outfit from the broadcast.”
I am deeply sorry if what I wore during the VS Show offended anyone. I support VS's decision to remove the outfit from the broadcast. — Karlie Kloss (@karliekloss) November 11, 2012
Vogue‘s “diversity issue” also received some criticism for its cover, which showed Ashley Graham, Kendall Jenner, Gigi Hadid and a four other high-profile models posing together on the beach — all wearing black turtlenecks and colorful high-waisted shorts.
Readers denounced the fact that the “diverse” women seemed to look very much alike, and pointed out that of the seven women, Graham stands out from the rest — not only as the only curvy model but also as the only to have her arm extended and her hand covering her thigh. Graham's fans wondered whether Hadid's arm was photoshopped to extend over Graham's stomach.
RELATED VIDEO: Ashley Graham Speaks Out on Vogue Cover Controversy: ‘I Chose to Pose Like That'
As this isn't Graham's first time addressing accusations of photo manipulation, the body-confident model was quick to say there was no attempt to cover her up at the Vogue cover shoot.
“I chose to pose like that..no one told me to do anything,” Graham responded to a fan on Instagram, who questioned why Vogue made her cover her leg.
FLINT, Mich. (AP) — Flint's mayor is poised to make a recommendation on where the Michigan city should get its drinking water on the long term, following a crisis that left the supply contaminated with lead.
Karen Weaver plans to make the announcement Tuesday.
She said last year that the city of 100,000 residents would stick with a plan to draw from a pipeline to Lake Huron that is still under construction. But she has been reevaluating that decision, partly to fulfill a requirement so Flint can receive $100 million in federal funding to address the man-made disaster.
Flint currently gets treated water from a Detroit-area system.
Advertisement
The city returned to that source in 2015 after it was discovered that Flint River water was not treated to reduce lead pipe corrosion for 18 months.
Half a century ago, Kathrine Switzer signed up to run the Boston Marathon with her initials: K.V. Switzer. That's because she didn't want her form to stand out from the mens'.With that, the 20-year-old became the first woman to officially enter the race. Women were not technically barred from competing and had run in the race without bibs, ABC News reports , but it had been assumed that women were not capable of running that distance."I knew I had to finish the race, because no one would believe women could do it unless I did," Switzer reflected to ABC News. "I had to finish the race no matter what."Shortly after the race began, one of the race officials, Jock Semple, approached Switzer. He grabbed her and tried to rip her bib off. Switzer broke free and her boyfriend pushed Semple to the ground. She kept running and finished in 4 hours and 20 minutes.While running the 2017 race, Switzer took some time to reflect on that highly publicized moment, ending her message with "Have fun. Be fearless."This year, 13,712 women signed up for the race, according to ABC News. Switzer was one of them, and she wore the same bib number as her historic run. This was the 70-year-old's 40th marathon."It's not just about athletic progress. This is a social revolution. Women are doing something that was considered very questionable and suspect even 50 years ago, and now it's a joyful, free, empowering movement that changes their lives," Switzer said.The trailblazer says she's not done changing perceptions about what women can do."I'd like to see women believe themselves that they can have equality and that they should have equality," Switzer said. "They've got to believe it in their hearts, they've got to feel it. And that's why I keep pushing running."
Stephen Colbert has returned from Easter break, and he kicked off Monday's Late Show with a brief recap of President Trump's first White House Easter Egg Roll earlier in the day. He cringed at the moment when first lady Melania Trump had to nudge the president during the national anthem. "He forgot to put his hand over his heart," Colbert said. "It happens to everybody. I mean, when I saw that footage I almost forgot to put my hand over my face." And yet, he added, that was "not the most embarrassing thing to happen at the Easter Egg Roll. That honor goes to the official White House Snapchat account, that sent out this snap featuring a bunch of kids gathered around the 'Secretary of Educauon [sic] Betsy DeVos.' Yes, it's like Betsy DeVos always says: There's no 'i' in education, the way I spell it."
But Colbert's vacation left a lot of news on the table, and he started with Trump's decision to bomb Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's air base — and his retelling of that fateful decision, paired with a chocolate cake, Chinese President Xi Jinping, and mixing up the country he bombed. "Hey, South Korea, before the war starts, just to be on the safe side, you might want to break out the spray paint," Colbert said, showing an image of the Korean Peninsula with "The Good Korea (Do Not Bomb)" scrawled in yellow paint across the lower half.
It's no secret that January Jones has the sickest beach style around, but every once in awhile, she takes style cues from other pros—including Kendall Jenner.
The actress spent her Sunday taking selfies in a pink swimsuit, and she unintentionally twinned with Jenner while she was at it.
January Jones / Instagram
The old fashioned high-waist two-piece looked amazing on Jones, who paired it with gold jewelry and a sunhat. An extremely similar bikini also looked amazing on Jenner, who wore hers earlier this summer with (what else?) a sunhat.
https://www.instagram.com/p/BUeZiJyjXtS/?hl=en&taken-by=kendalljenner 🌸 A post shared by Kendall (@kendalljenner) on May 24, 2017 at 5:24am PDT
While Jones (sadly) didn't have an inflatable flamingo around to pose with, she got creative on her own by being a little silly and sticking her tongue out at the camera.
Both stars were so in sync with their swimwear that they even had similar captions—a single pink emoji, with a flower for Jenner and a swimsuit for Jones
VIDEO: Ashley Graham Wore the Tiniest String Bikini to the Beach
RELATED: January Jones Just Gave You Another Reason to Get a Shag
Sometimes you can say it all without saying a word.
Donald Roger Holmes
Donald Roger Holmes, 85, of Fairfield, IA and formerly of Stockport, IA, passed away on December 2, 2017, at Keosauqua Health Care Center in Keosauqua, IA after a brief illness. Per Don's wishes his body has been cremated.
Memorial services will be held on Monday, December 18, 2017 at First United Methodist Church, Birmingham IA with Rev. Herb Shafer officiating. Family visitation at 9:30 A.M. prior to the service. Memorial service at 10:30 A.M. with gravesite military rite to follow at Maple Hill Cemetery, Birmingham. Funeral arrangements are being handled by Pedrick Funeral Home of Keosauqua.
Donald was born at Denmark, IA on February 26, 1932 to Sidney and Emma (Klug) Holmes. Donald was married to Barbara Pratt on June 8, 1952; they were married 49 years.
Donald was a farmer in the Stockport area and enjoyed hunting, raising horses, and time with family and friends. After retiring from farming Don moved to Fairfield, IA and was actively involved in his church and was part of the choir for the annual live presentation of Da Vinci's painting of The Last Supper, presented by the Van Buren Co-Op Ministries. Donald was an Army veteran of the Korean Conflict and served as a forward observer in the Infantry.
Donald is survived by his children; Cathy Wyatt (Dave) of Ruthven, IA, Debra Glass (Dan) of North Liberty, IA, Robert Holmes of Birmingham, IA, and Cheryl Johnson of Mt. Pleasant, IA; eight grandchildren, 10 great-grandchildren; Sisters Marian Bales, Clinton, AR; Faye Giberson of Lebanon, IL; Ruth Heston of Stockport, IA.
He is also survived by his special friend Beverly O'Brien of Fairfield and other family and friends.
Donald is preceded in death by his parents, his wife Barbara; brothers Francis, Osborne and Stanley who died in infancy; sisters Ruby, Shirley, and son-in-law Allen Miller.
The family of Donald Holmes wishes to thank Hospice Care Services and Keosauqua Health Care Center.
Counselors are on site to help students at Raft River Elementary School, principal said
The community that surrounds a Clearwater elementary school is grappling with the death of a nine-year-old boy after he collided with a semi truck while riding his bike Tuesday morning.
Clearwater RCMP said in a news release Wednesday that the boy, a Grade 3 student at Raft River Elementary School, was riding his bicycle near the intersection of Park Drive and Cleawater Village Road when it was unable to slow down his bicycle.
He went off the road and collided with a semi truck which was travelling south west on Clearwater Village Road, police said.
Several witnesses, including an off-duty RCMP officer, gave first aid to the boy, who was taken to hospital but later died of his injuries.
In a post on Raft River Elementary School's website, principal Lori Bradstock said counsellors will be on hand for students Wednesday.
“We are deeply saddened by the loss of one of our students and extend our sincere condolences to the family,” she said.
She said details of the incident were being shared with students Wednesday morning.
Clearwater RCMP said an investigation by the detachment and BC Coroners Service is underway.
@ashwadhwani
ashley.wadhwani@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Time now for Your Weekend Pulse! your guide to what is happening in our area this weekend with Alexia Severnson, Pulse Editor for the Las Cruces Sun-News and Edmundo Resendez. This weekend, the 17th Annual Jazz Happening in Mesilla, the 7th Annual Cultural Bazaar, two new plays: Breakneck Julius Caesar and Breakneck Hamlet at the Black Box Theatre, and St. Luke's Country Fair.
Your Weekend Pulse for 10/6/17
The region's home page is only possible with your support. Become a member, renew, or make an additional gift now. Thank you.
The final version of the Kenilworth Neighbourhood Plan is now being drawn up after the consultation period ended last week.
Kenilworth Town Council is now going through the 400-plus responses from individuals and organisations to the draft plan and using them to write a finalised plan, which the public will eventually get a yes-or-no vote on.
If adopted, it will help Kenilworth control the coming development from Warwick district's Local Plan, which is bringing thousands of new homes to the town.
In a statement published on the town's new website, Cllr George Illingworth said ‘useful and constructive comments' have been made which will help improve the plan.
When asked what that meant, he suggested things like the amount of concerns raised over traffic, and asking Warwickshire County Council's highways department to consider more junctions for improvement than what was in the draft version of the plan.
He also said some had put forward suggestions to improve green infrastructure, and said there was a mixed response about a new multi-storey car park, which he described as being like ‘Marmite'.
But he added: “I don't know exactly what will change, it depends on what we all agree on. We have to be careful we don't give more weight to a particular problem.
“There could be an equally big problem that not many people have mentioned.
“But we've had a lot of points made. Some require a rethink from us, and some require little action other than a bit of editing.
“We've got to pull together the full story and we'll do that as quickly as we can.”
Cllr Illingworth could not commit to a publication date. He said: “My concern is to get it right rather than to rush it through.”
But the town council does not have a great deal of time to get the Neighbourhood Plan approved.
Warwick district's Local Plan is highly likely to be adopted on Wednesday September 20, meaning developers can then start drafting plans and building.
If no Neighbourhood Plan is in place, Kenilworth will not be able to control the developments as much as it would like.
Once the final draft is ready, it will go to Warwick District Council for approval, then an independent inspector, and finally to Kenilworth's residents in a referendum.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool is just 180 minutes from the Champions League group stages.
But they have to battle past one of the hardest possible play-off round draws if they are to make it to the draw.
Hoffenheim are one of the Germany's most exciting teams and shocked the Bundesliga by maintaining their fine form from the start of the season and finishing fourth.
Liverpool's trip to Hoffenheim also represents a return to his former club for Roberto Firmino, who heads back for the first time since leaving.
But when is the game? And how can you follow the action?
Here is all that you need to know...
(Image: Getty)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
When is the first leg?
The game takes place on Tuesday August 15, with a kick-off of 7:45pm.
Where does it take place?
The first leg is the away tie for Liverpool, meaning that the game is being played at Hoffenheim's Rhein-Neckar Arena, which is based about 45 miles north of Stuttgart.
(Image: Reuters)
How can I watch it?
The rights for the Champions League are once again held by BT Sport this season.
While they haven't shown all of the previous qualification rounds, they begin their coverage on Tuesday night.
All of the action will be broadcast live on BT Sport 2.
Can't get to a TV? Fear not, Mirror Football will be running a live blog for all of the action.
(Image: Liverpool FC via Getty Images)
When is the home leg?
It's a quick turnaround for both sides, who will have just one week to prepare for the second leg.
They return to Anfield on Wednesday August 23.
There is also the small matter of a Premier League fixture against Crystal Palace between the two ties.
Hoffenheim, meanwhile, take on Werder Bremen on Saturday in their Bundesliga opener.
(Image: PA)
Liverpool team news
Liverpool will not have Philippe Coutinho back as speculation over his future continues.
The Brazilian missed the weekend's draw with Watford through injury and has been left out of the travelling squad for Tuesday night's game.
Daniel Sturridge is also unlikely to make the trip, while Adam Lallana and Nathaniel Clyne are definitely out of action.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Betting odds
Hoffenheim to win the first leg: 19/10
Liverpool to win the first leg: 13/10
Draw in the first leg: 5/2
Hoffenheim to qualify: 7/4
Liverpool to qualify: 2/5
Odds supplied by SkyBet.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
What are the other play-off round fixtures?
Qarabag vs Copenhagen
APOEL vs Slavia Praha
Olympiacos vs Rijeka
Celtic vs Astana
Hapoel Beer-Sheva vs Maribor
Istanbul Başakşehir vs Sevilla
Young Boys vs CSKA Moscow
Napoli vs Nice
Hoffenheim vs Liverpool
Sporting CP vs FC Steaua Bucharest
The January transfer window is just a matter of weeks away and Europe's biggest teams are getting set to enter the market.
Winter business can be completed from January 1 and close at 11pm on the last day of the month as clubs bid to plug the gaps in their squad.
Arsenal appeared to leave their business unfinished at the end of the summer and could be particularly active in the new year.
The Gunners failed with a deadline day move for Thomas Lemar but could return, while Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez will be the subject of interest from clubs around the continent.
Manchester United, meanwhile, are reported to be stepping up their efforts to sign Tottenham's Danny Rose.
Stick with us and we'll bring you all the latest on every deal from the Premier League and beyond...
© Microcirc Org
Estimates from the WISE database show that there are at least 3-4 million patients in the USA alone with signs and symptoms of ischemia despite no evidence of obstructive atherosclerosis.
Conversely, a number of patients with severe coronary atherosclerotic obstructions do not experience angina. Accordingly, in a recent study, about half of the consecutive patients with acute coronary syndrome, a first manifestation of CAD, undergoing coronary angiography exhibited a multi-vessel disease.This observation strongly suggests that pre-existing obstructive CAD had been silent probably because preserved microvascular function, and more importantly, adequate collateral development prevented angina and ischemia in spite of obstructive CAD.
TN (troponin) elevation during PCI occurred in one-third of patients (study by Testa et al). At 18-month follow up, peri-procedural TN elevation was associated with a 50% increased risk of subsequent major cardiovascular events, a twofold increased risk of death, a threefold increased risk of MI, and a 50% increased risk of re-PCI.
Initial stent implantation for stable CAD shows no evidence of benefit compared with initial medical therapy for prevention of death, nonfatal MI, unplanned revascularization, or angina -
One of the best things about writing a book is the feedback you get after the book is published. In many ways, one's education really begins after writing the book, rather than before.In the past year and a half, about every other week, I do a "practitioners" call, in which we spend about 15 to 30 minutes talking about heart disease and strophanthus. As many of you know, one of the main themes of my book was that blocked coronary arteries are not the sole or even the predominant reason that people have heart attacks or chest pain. In these short calls, which are free to any licensed health practitioner, I talk a little about how I arrived at this conclusion and how strophanthus addresses heart disease.In the latest call, I was joined by nine practitioners, one of whom was a cardiologist from Southern California. After hearing me speak,He pointed out that this phenomenon was becoming a subject of considerable interest in the conventional cardiology community. He also sent me a very interesting study, which addresses this subject directly.The study is from the European Heart Journal (2014) 35, 1101-1111. The title is "Coronary Microvascular Dysfunction: An Update," and the authors are Filippo Crea, et. al, basically, a group of cardiologists from around the world. The study is an update of the role of microvascular disesase (what I call the collateral circulation) in the etiology of heart attacks and angina. In reviewing the scope of the incidence of patients with evidence of heart disease who have completely clean coronary arteries, the authors conclude:The WISE database is the predominant place where information on heart disease is gathered.The relevance of this finding is that if a patient goes to a cardiologist who does an angiogram because the patient is having chest pain, finds clear arteries and then pronounces the patient to be fine, their conclusion is unwarranted. In fact, millions of such people will go on to have heart attacks in spite of clear coronary arteries.A second statement from the article is perhaps even more interesting:As I have said in my book, in other writings and directly to scores of patients, many people can have even severe coronary artery disease yet experience no symptoms and no signs of dysfunction. The above statement is saying that at least half of patients with even severe obstructions have no signs or symptoms of dysfunction. A compensation mechanism must be involved, which is the collateral circulation. Again, as I have repeatedly pointed out,A final interesting conclusion of the study is:This statement means that one-third of the patients who undergo a stent procedure (called PCI) have evidence of damage to their heart as a result of the procedure itself. And these people with damage from the stenting have a dramatically higher incidence of death, heart attacks or needing further stenting in the one to two years following the procedure. When this fact is combined with the final quote -meaning,(which is probably around 95 percent of the stent procedures), we have to wonder why there are still so many stent procedures preformed in the U.S. and around the world.When we realize that, for a procedure with no expected benefit, one incurs a dramatically increased risk of provoking a heart attack or even death, isn't it time to find a new way to look at and treat the epidemic of heart disease? I am certain that strophanthus/ouabain is one of the components of this new way of looking at and treating heart disease. Strophanthus improves the microcirculation, gets rid of the lactic acid build-up that causes pain and dysfunction in the heart, and balances the autonomic nervous system. Strophanthus, as the many case studies I have published show, improves heart function for many people suffering from heart disease.If you are a practitioner or a patient interested in strophanthus/ouabain for the treatment of heart disease, please contact us at (415) 334-1010 or frontdesk@fourfoldhealing.com , and join us as we slowly revolutionize the treatment of heart disease in this country.
© Maxim Shemetov / Reuters
Wall Street researchers KeyBanc Capital Markets and Bernstein have lowered their ratings for Apple shares due to slowing iPhone sales. This week, the firm reported weaker than expected iPhone sales for December."Soft iPhone sell-through suggests a saturated market and the lack of gross margin upside reduces our view of potential profit growth," KeyBanc Capital Markets analyst Andy Hargreaves wrote in a note to clients, according to CNBC."This reduces our view of potential upside in the stock and prompts the downgrade," he said, adding that the stock's "fair value" is $178 per share.Bernstein, which is Wall Street's premier sell-side research and brokerage firm, has also reduced its rating for Apple shares to market perform from outperform."Relative to expectations, the cycle is weak, and total iPhones sold are likely to be flat for the third straight year," said analyst Toni Sacconaghi. "We fear that unit growth could potentially decline by more than what we have seen over the last two years, largely due to the fact that iPhone X demand, in particular, appeared to slow dramatically since December."The analyst reduced his price target for Apple shares to $170 from $195. The company's shares were up 0.3 percent in Friday's premarket session, at $168.25.Apple reported quarterly earnings on Thursday that beat expectations, while revenue which also topped estimates. However, the number of iPhone units sold fell from a year ago, despite expectations of modest growth, to 78 million iPhones.In an attempt to calm investor fears, Apple shareholder Ross Gerber said the company sold a "perfectly fine" number of phones during the quarter, but earnings were a bit less than he was hoping for.Apple has set a lower-than-expected revenue forecast for the current quarter of up to $62 billion, below the $65.73 billion that Wall Street was looking for.
“Why has Apple confirmed it is ‘combining' its business with that of the smaller London company [for a sum rumoured to be as much as $400m (£300m)]?Leo Kelion writes for BBC News. “There are several reasons the deal may have appealed.”
“Apple's smart assistant, Siri, already taps into Shazam, allowing users to verbally ask: ‘What song is playing?' and has done so for more than three years. But with growing competition between Apple Music and Spotify – which also ties into Shazam – Apple may have felt the need to secure the service rather than risk its Swedish rival or some other company buying it first,” Kelion writes. “Some, however, believe that the real value of the acquisition isn't Shazam's technology – which Apple could presumably have developed a version of itself for a smaller sum – but rather the data Shazam has gathered for more than a decade about its millions of users.”
“‘Spotify has made the discovery of new music front and centre of what makes it a compelling proposition,' said Mark Mulligan, from the consultancy Midia Research,” Kelion writes. “‘Apple just doesn't have the same amount of data about listening tastes as Spotify, meaning it can't drive recommendations with as high a degree of accuracy and precision. Shazam essentially gives it a shortcut to having a massive database.'”
Read more in the full article here.
By on
The 10,200 square foot Duffield Branch of the Detroit Public Library reopened following a yearlong renovation that cost $400,000. At nearly 100 years old, the Carnegie library received a new paint job, improved LED lighting, fresh flooring, updated computers, and new furnishings, according to the Detroit News. It joins the Redford, Frederick Douglass, and Laura Ingalls Wilder branches, also recently refurbished. The project was paid for with public funds.
The new 15,000 square foot Miamisburg Branch of the Dayton Metro Library (above) opened on February 20. The $6.5 million facility, designed by Levin Porter Associates, in conjunction with Group 4 Architects and construction management by Shook Construction, is 50 percent larger than its predecessor. Funded through the Libraries for a Smarter Future plan approved in a 2012 ballot, the library includes a puppet theater, a popular history collection, more computers, flexible seating, multiple study rooms, a reading space with a fireplace, in-library laptop lending, an outdoor patio, and four pieces of original art.
On December 8, the Pinewoods Library and Learning Center, Athens, GA, opened its new facility. The project involved replacing the ten-year-old original 1,680 square foot double-wide trailer with a new 2,592 location. The work was funded through a $15,000 Leveraging Educational Assistance Partnership (LEAP) grant from Better World Books in addition to contributions from the Athens–Clarke County Library Board of Trustees and the Friends of Athens–Clarke County Libraries. The new facility includes two community meeting rooms, an expanded collection, a dozen public access computers, and additional outlets for patron use. A wide entrance ramp facilitates accessibility, and a community garden provides fresh produce.—Bette-Lee Fox
THE Minister of State for Masvingo Provincial Affairs, Shuvai Mahofa collapsed and died early this morning.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jose Fonte has accused West Ham co-owner of being ignorant after revealing that his kids did not want the defender to sign for the club.
In an interview last week, Sullivan remarkably revealed that his own family tried to talk him out of acquiring the Portuguese international from Southampton, as well as Robert Snodgrass from Hull last January.
But Sullivan, who plays a major role in transfer dealings at the London Stadium, went ahead with both deals.
"I'm very involved with physically bringing in the players," Sullivan told the Guardian.
"I'm not involved in the strategy. The manager said he wanted Fonte from Southampton and [Robert] Snodgrass from Hull. My kids begged me not to sign them."
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Fonte, who cost the Hammers £8million, has admitted that he was surprised by the comments.
The centre-back is currently sidelined with an ankle injury, but insists that he will keep his head down and work hard for new boss David Moyes.
"It's ignorance," he told the Telegraph . "I'm not going to say anything. It's not going to change who I am. It's not going to change what I do.
(Image: REUTERS)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"I'm going to keep being the good professional that I am. I am going to keep working hard to try and help my teammates and the manager. What has been said has no effect on me or who I am."
Fonte, however, insists that the comments might not lead to him departing West Ham.
He said: "That decision is not for me. I am 33 years of age. I have 500 or 600 appearances. I know what I have done in football. I know how hard I have to work to be in this position. It makes no difference to me. I will still continue to be the same guy I have always been."
Bunbury police have collected more than 200 items of lost property this month, with most of the items collected from the Groovin' the Moo festival on May 12.
Officer-in-charge Sen. Sgt Mal Jones said this happened “every year” at the festival and the station had a number of small items such as credit cards, driver's licenses, keys and mobile phones.
Sen. Sgt Jones asked anyone wanting to claim a lost item to contact police on 9722 2111 and they will try to return the items to the rightful owners.
Lost property had also turned up from Bunbury Regional Hospital and the South West Sports Centre.
Some property had already been collected from the station, transferred to a station closer to the owner or returned to the bank.
Cavan 3-17
Louth 0-13
AFTER A LATE-earned draw away to Clare in their Allianz Football League Division 2 opener last week, Cavan remain unbeaten following a 13-point victory over Louth this evening.
Mattie McGleenan's men clocked up a tally of 3-17 and dominated for much of the Kingspan Breffni Park encounter.
Following relegation from the top tier last term, Cavan are fielding a new-look team with many younger players stepping up to the mark.
The Breffni county opened proceedings on the right note on home turf, with Caoimhín O'Reilly, Oisin Kiernan and Enda Flanagan among those to hit early scores.
Ryan Burns was one of the Louth players to inspire them to stay in touch as Cavan got on top but at half-time, there were just two points between the sides – 0-10 to 0-8.
Cavan manager Mattie McGleenan. Source: James Crombie/INPHO
Castlerahan veteran Cian Mackey — in his 14th campaign in the blue jersey — made his impact felt straight from his introduction from the bench just before the interval, registering a tally of 0-4 throughout.
But it was three Cavan goals that proved crucial — Brian Magee with the first, Ciarán Brady with the second and Shercock clubman Niall Clerkin with the final blow with seven minutes of play remaining.
#AllianzLeagues Football Rd2
Cavan v. Louth
Cavan team selection pic.twitter.com/JjylNsnpMZ — Official Cavan GAA (@CavanCoBoardGaa) February 3, 2018
#AllianzLeagues Football Rd2
Cavan v. Louth
Louth team selection pic.twitter.com/KHmOoI35aG — Official Cavan GAA (@CavanCoBoardGaa) February 3, 2018
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Three children have died in a 'suspicious' fire and a three-year-old girl is fighting for her life in hospital after a blaze ripped through a home.
A 14-year-old girl was declared dead at the scene. An 8-year-old boy and a 7-year-old girl subsequently died in hospital.
The fire is being treated as suspicious, police confirmed.
A three-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital. The 35-year-old mother of all the children is in a serious condition in hospital.
The Manchester Evening News reported that police had been called to the house to a reported incident there at around 2am, around three hours before the fire service were alerted to the blaze.
It is understood that in the earlier incident, the police and the fire service were responding to reports of a wheelie bin at the home being set on fire.
(Image: MEN MEDIA)
(Image: Steve Allen/Manchester Evening News)
(Image: MEN MEDIA)
(Image: MEN Media)
The Manchester Evening News understands that one line of investigation is a possibility that a flammable liquid was poured through the home's letterbox.
Two teenagers also managed to escape the blaze. Their condition is not known.
Six people in total were taken to hospital after a blaze ripped through a terrace in Salford.
Four fire engines were called to Jackson Street in Worsley and the road was closed off between St Mary's Road and A575 Worsley Road North.
It is unclear how badly injured the people were following the fire.
(Image: MEN Media)
(Image: MEN Media)
(Image: MEN MEDIA)
(Image: Steve Allen/Manchester Evening News)
(Image: MEN Media)
A Manchester Fire spokesman said: "We were called at 4.58am to a fire at a mid-terrace house on Jackson Street. Four crews attended. They used six breathing apparatus, three hose reels and a ventilation fan to put out the fire.
"Fire crews rescued five people."
A 200 metre cordon remains around the building, the fire spokesman said.
One neighbour told the Manchester Evening News that she heard screaming and banging last night, she believed at first it was a domestic. She described the street as being ‘quite loud'.
She believes young children live at the address. She says she often sees a baby going into the house.
She said the news this morning has come as a complete shock, she never once thought it was a fire.
The tragedy before Christmas is the worst loss of life in a house fire in Greater Manchester since three children and their mother died in a blaze caused by a portable heater at a terrace house in Daubhill, Bolton, in July this year.
U.S. Army Paratroopers assigned to the 173rd Airborne Brigade, 54th Brigade Engineer Battalion and Italian Army soldiers from the 8 Reggimento Genio Guastatori Brigata Paracadutisti Folgore assemble a Medium Girder Bridge near Rovigo, Italy, Feb. 13, 2017. The MGB is a deck type, two girder bridge system, providing a 4 meter (13ft 2in) wide roadway that can be expeditiously assembled with minimal support. The 173rd Airborne Brigade, based in Vicenza, Italy, is the U.S. Army Contingency Response Force in Europe, capable of projecting forces to conduct the full range of military operations across the United States European, Central and Africa Commands areas of responsibility.
photo by graigg faggionato
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.13.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 05:08 Photo ID: 3166683 VIRIN: 170213-A-KP807-100 Resolution: 2500x1668 Size: 536.16 KB Location: TRECENTA, IT Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Medium Girder Bridge, 173rd Airborne Brigade,54th Brigade Engineer Battalion,Rovigo 2017 [Image 1 of 11], by Graigg Faggionato, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
St. Johns, PA (2/11/2017)- With snow and slush covering the racing surface at Evergreen Raceway, Seventy six entrants took part in the second leg of the speedway's ‘Triple Crown Series'. Spring-like temperatures helped bring fans to the track for the action, which was intense in the early going. When it was all said and done, Pete Verwys of Stroudsburg came home with the ‘Winter Blues' Four Cylinder Enduro victory. After starting fifth on the grid in the 6/8-Cylinder portion of the show, Harry O'Neill of Mountaintop grabbed the lead and never looked back for his second straight victory.
Bob Wink started from the pole and led the first circuit of the 100-lap Four Cylinder Enduro. Dave Imler, Jr. held second, followed by Frank Shetler, Chris Rose, and Tom Stevens.
With four laps complete, Pete Verwys grabbed second and set his sights on the leader. Three laps later Verwys made a bid for the lead, which was a success. Meanwhile, Scott Adams cracked the top five and later challenged Wink for second.
Wink got back by Verwys for the lead on lap 21 and Adams battled for second. Verwys fought back and regained the top spot on lap 25. With 30 laps in the books, Verwys remained on point with Wink in tow. Adams was forced to pit with a flat tire, which brought Brian Rehbein to third.
Wink got back to the lead on lap 33 and led for two laps before Rehbein showed his muscle and grabbed the top spot on lap 35.
It appeared that Rehbein was on his way to his first win at the speedway. However, lapped traffic slowed him up and Verwys climbed back to the point on lap 51. At that point in the event, Wink ran third with Rose and Mitch Sponenberg in tow.
Verwys began to pull away in the closing laps, which helped secure his victory. Rose crossed the stripe in second, followed by Wink, Mitch Patern and Tony Rispin.
Elliott Wohl started from the pole and led the 6/8-Cylinder field to the drop of the green flag. His lead was short lived and Harry O'Neill took the spot. Scott Sipe ran in third, followed by Woot Lawrence and Steve Brooks.
Lawrence then climbed into second and settled in behind the leader.
With O'Neill still showing the way, the second and final red flag of the show flew when Scott Sipe rear-ended an unoccupied car on the speedway. The ambulance was brought out to the track for the lap 37 incident and luckily, Sipe climbed from his car under his own power after a very hard hit.
Green flag racing resumed and O'Neill began to drive off into his own zip code. He took the checkers over Lawrence, Mike Mujsce, Jr, Wohl and Mike Asdahl.
The third and final Triple Crown Series event at Evergreen Raceway is slated for Saturday, March 18. The ‘March Madness' Enduro info, including registration, rules, and purse will be posted on the speedway website within days.
Evergreen Raceway is located minutes from Hazleton, PA, in between routes 93 and 309. For more information regarding Evergreen Raceway, including the entire season schedule, directions, and divisional payouts, please visitwww.evergreenracewaypark.com and don't forget to like their Facebook page as well.
Evergreen Raceway is proud to be associated with Harry's U Pull It, Penn's Peak Radio, Wheel's Bar & Grill, CK Auto Service & Race Fab, Himmer Graphics, Evan's Roadhouse, Bob's Subs, Piechota's Service Center , Barbush Automotive, Valve Tech Sales, Penn's Peak, Printers Edge, Tito Juice & RockAuto.com.
Four Cylinder (100-laps) 1. PETE VERWYS 2. Chris Rose 3. Bob Wink 4. Mitch Patern 5. Tony Rispin 6. Ed Spencer III 7. Kyle Laybauch 8. Don Rogers 9. Joey Helberg Jr 10. Mitch Sponenburg 11. Evan Gregory 12. Scott Adams 13. Bryan Kelly 14. Ray Kennedy 15. Eric Germuch 16. Ray Kochin 17.Anthony Patti 18. Chris Elixon 19. Dave Imler Jr 20. Randy Boston 21. Frank Shetler 22.Mark Morgan 23. John Rose 24. Kris Dane 25. Brenden Hires 26. Brian Rehbein 27. Dale Fey 28. Doug Dickson 29. Luke Hoffner 30. Broc Brown 31. Vic Vega 32. Adam Smizaski 33. Jeff Stapkicwicz 34. Mark Truszkowski 35. Zach Fitzgerald 36. Dave Malys 37. Scott Sipe 38. Jake Jones 39. Dave Imler 40. Kevin Nowak 41.Carl Altemose 42. Jimmy Ayre 43. Brian Halecki 44. Jason Bentzoni 45. Tom Stevens 46.Kevin Kruczek 47. Jeff Ackerman 48. Ryan Underaoffler 49. Dustin Pietrak 50. Mark Hammer
6/8-Cylinder (100-laps) 1. HARRY O'NEILL 2. Woot Lawrence 3. Mike Mujsce, Jr 4. Elliott Wohl 5. Mike Asdahl 6. Kenny Hejna 7. Erick Knopp 8. Dennis Kurras 9. Lauren Gimbi 10. John Rose 11. Steve Brooks 12. Scott Adams 13. Shawn Gallucci 14. Brian Rehbein 15. Ray Kennedy 16. Chris Rose 17.Brent Shaddock 18. Steph Moyer 19. Jeff Stanski 20. Dave Imler 21. Scott Sipe 22.Tony Rispin 23. Luke Hoffner 24. Johnny Schmidt III 25. Jesse Earhart 26. Pete Verwys
Upcoming Shows:
Saturday, March 18- “March Madness” Enduros, as part of the “Triple Crown Series”
Promoters: Jason Makarewicz & Gene Ostrowski
Competition Director: Jeff Owler
Sources: Gene Ostrowski/Evergreen Raceway PR
U.S. Navy Pacific Fleet Command Master Chief Susan Whitman, left, takes a photo with a Sailor during a walk-through of Carrier Airborne Early Warning Squadron (VAW) 125's hangar at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan, Feb. 14, 2017. Whitman visited the facilities, Sailors and Marines. She spoke about destructive behaviors such as sexual assault, drug abuse and alcohol abuse and how it affects warfighting readiness. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl. Joseph Abrego)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.14.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 05:21 Photo ID: 3166706 VIRIN: 170214-M-ON157-0076 Resolution: 4904x3270 Size: 6.79 MB Location: MCAS IWAKUNI, YAMAGUCHI, JP Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Pacific Fleet Command Master Chief visits Iwakuni [Image 1 of 4], by LCpl Joseph Abrego, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Students and faculty of Marine Corps University (MCU) attend the Gen. Graves B. Erskine Distinguished Lecture Series at the Warner Center, MCU, Marine Corps Base Quantico, Va., Jan. 18, 2017. The series was established in February 1984 and was instrumental in the development of modern Marine Corps professional military education. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl. Yasmin D. Perez)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 01.18.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 10:08 Photo ID: 3167180 VIRIN: 170118-M-RG259-019 Resolution: 4928x3280 Size: 10.79 MB Location: QUANTICO, VA, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, MCU ERSKINE LECTURE - WARNER CENTER [Image 1 of 6], by LCpl Yasmin Perez, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
These new spy photos show the 2019 Ford Ranger under development on the roads in the United States for the first time. The same platform will also underpin the much-anticipated revival of the Bronco.
The American Ranger's design is slightly different from its European counterpart. Up front, there's now a two-bar grille that takes clear cues from the newly refreshed 2018 F-150. The lower fascia on this test mule has more effective camouflage, but the part also appears to take design inspiration from the Blue Oval's bigger pickup. At the rear, the firm's concealment does a stupendous job of hiding the styling. However, it would be another prime place to incorporate touches from the firm's venerable, bestselling truck.
A rumor suggests Ford plans to bring the four-door Crew Cab body (pictured here) and the two-door Super Cab configuration to the United States. The former would go after families looking for a midsize pickup, and the latter would be for workers.
The Ranger's initial powertrain lineup reportedly includes a naturally aspirated V6 and a turbocharged four-cylinder. Later, a five-cylinder diesel could join the range, too. Buyers would be able to choose between rear- and four-wheel-drive configurations for the truck.
We expect Ranger pricing to be in line with midsize pickup competitors like the Chevrolet Colorado, GMC Canyon, and Toyota Tacoma. That indicates a starting cost around $25,000 but expect fully optioned variants to reach above $30,000. A rumored Blue Oval competitor to the off-road-focused Colorado ZR2 could even go for about $40,000.
The Ranger goes on sale for the 2019 model year, and we anticipate a public debut of the production version sometime in 2018. A year later, the Bronco would arrive on the same platform. Ford will build them both in Michigan for the American market.
Photo Source: Automedia
Our readers write about assisted dying and the recent Kids Ultimate Challenge.
Taking issue with assisted dying
Re: The May 24 article headlined: Third party process on euthanasia must be enacted
Yes, I am grateful you recognize the conscience rights of medical doctors in Canada.
However, I am concerned about the statement that “doctors who oppose euthanasia recognize the legal rights of their patients to a medically assisted death.”
For any governing body to claim a “right” that is clearly in violation of God's 10 commandments is itself inexcusable. (Exodus 20:3-17)
Deanna Olfert
Welland
Kudos for Kids Ultimate Challenge
On Sunday, June 11 my granddaughter took part in the Kids Ultimate Challenge in Burgoyne Woods.
This was a fundraising event organized by OneFoundation.
All money raised is used to purchase equipment for the local hospital children's unit.
My granddaughter is 10 years old and this was her first time taking part in a fundraising event of this magnitude.
I just want to say that her and I thoroughly enjoyed the day. Everything was so well organized and volunteers were everywhere to direct the kids to their events as well as various booths/events for them to enjoy.
I believe there were 906 kids of all ages taking part in this event.
Kudos to OneFoundation and all the volunteers for a fantastic job. We will be back next year.
Trish Gander
St. Catharines
Crouching Yeti infrastructure uncovered
Kaspersky Lab has uncovered infrastructure used by the well-known Russian-speaking APT group Crouching Yeti, also known as Energetic Bear, which includes compromised servers across the world.
According to the research, numerous servers in different countries were hit since 2016, sometimes in order to gain access to other resources. Others, including those hosting Russian websites, were used as watering holes.
Crouching Yeti is a Russian-speaking advanced persistent threat (APT) group that Kaspersky Lab has been tracking since 2010. It is best known for targeting industrial sectors around the world, with a primary focus on energy facilities, for the main purpose of stealing valuable data from victim systems.
One of the techniques the group has been widely using is through watering hole attacks: the attackers injected websites with a link redirecting visitors to a malicious server.
Recently Kaspersky Lab has discovered a number of servers, compromised by the group, belonging to different organisations based in Russia, the US, Turkey and European countries, and not limited to industrial companies.
According to researchers, they were hit in 2016 and 2017 with different purposes. Thus, besides watering hole, in some cases they were used as intermediaries to conduct attacks on other resources.
In the process of analysing infected servers, researchers identified numerous websites and servers used by organisations in Russia, US, Europe, Asia and Latin America that the attackers had scanned with various tools, possibly to find a server that could be used to establish a foothold for hosting the attackers' tools and to subsequently develop an attack.
Some of the sites scanned may have been of interest to the attackers as candidates for waterhole. The range of websites and servers that captured the attention of the intruders is extensive. Kaspersky Lab researchers found that the attackers had scanned numerous websites of different types, including online stores and services, public organisations, NGOs and manufacturing, among others.
In addition, experts found that the group used publicly available malicious tools, designed for analyzing servers, and for seeking out and collecting information. In addition, a modified sshd file with a preinstalled backdoor was discovered. This was used to replace the original file and could be authorised with a ‘master password'.
“Crouching Yeti is a notorious Russian-speaking group that has been active for many years and is still successfully targeting industrial organisations through watering hole attacks, among other techniques,: says Vladimir Dashchenko, head of the vulnerability research group at Kaspersky Lab ICS CERT. “Our findings show that the group compromised servers not only for establishing watering holes, but also for further scanning, and they actively used open-sourced tools that made it much harder to identify them afterwards.
“The group's activities, such as initial data collection, the theft of authentication data, and the scanning of resources, are used to launch further attacks. The diversity of infected servers and scanned resources suggests the group may operate in the interests of the third parties,” he adds.
TUESDAY, April 24, 2018 -- People who drink more than the recommended daily limit of alcohol may harbor an unhealthy mix of bacteria in their mouths, a new study suggests.
Researchers found that compared with nondrinkers, those who drank relatively heavily had fewer "good" bacteria in their mouths. They were also hosting more "bad" bacteria -- including bugs that have been linked to gum disease, heart disease and cancer.
The study is one of the latest to look at what factors influence the human "microbiome" -- the trillions of bacteria and other microbes that naturally dwell in the body. Many studies have found links between the makeup of the gut's microbiome and risks of various diseases.
In general, studies have found, the more diversity in the gut microbiome, the better.
Similarly, research suggests that an imbalance in the mouth's microbiome might raise the risk of cavities and gum disease -- and possibly cancers of the head, neck and digestive tract, as well as heart disease.
"We wanted to look at the question, 'What are the lifestyle factors that influence the oral microbiome?' " said senior researcher Jiyoung Ahn, of NYU Langone Health in New York City.
Drinking habits were a natural factor to consider, according to Ahn. Heavy drinking is linked to higher risks of gum disease and certain cancers of the head and neck -- and there is evidence that alcohol changes the bacterial makeup of the mouth.
Ahn's team analyzed mouthwash samples from 1,044 U.S. adults who were part of two ongoing national cancer studies. Of those people, about one-quarter said they were nondrinkers. Another 59 percent were moderate drinkers, and 15 percent were heavy drinkers.
"Heavy" was defined as drinking more than the limit recommended by U.S. health officials: one drink per day for women, and two per day for men.
Overall, the study found, drinkers -- especially heavy drinkers -- tended to have fewer Lactobacillales, a type of "good" bacteria commonly used in probiotic supplements.
Drinkers also typically had higher levels of certain "bad" bacteria, such as Bacteroidales, Actinomyces and Neisseria species.
It's not clear, however, what to make of the findings, according to one expert who was not involved in the research.
The findings do not prove that alcohol, per se, explains the differences among study participants, said Yiping Han, a professor in dental medicine and microbiology at Columbia University in New York City.
Han explained that the oral microbiome could be influenced by a wide range of factors -- from diet, tooth brushing and dental care, to income and other demographics.
Plus, Han said, it's unclear how many people in the heavy drinking group might have been alcohol-dependent. And those individuals could be markedly different from nondrinkers and moderate drinkers.
Ahn said she and her team did account for a number of those factors. They looked at people's age, race, smoking habits, education level and body weight, for example.
But, Ahn said, there still could be other differences between nondrinkers and heavy drinkers that her team could not consider.
"This is the first study to show this relationship, and more research is necessary," Ahn said.
One question is, why would alcohol selectively cause an increase in some bad bugs and a dip in some good ones?
"We don't know," Ahn said. "So next we want to study the possible mechanisms."
Another question, she added, is whether heavy drinking promotes certain diseases by changing the bacterial makeup of the oral cavity.
That's possible "in theory," according to Han.
"But at this point, we can't come to any definitive conclusions," she said.
The bottom line, Han said, is that the standard advice still stands: "It's always wise, for everyone, to practice good oral hygiene and have a generally healthy lifestyle."
As for drinking, Ahn said, the study offers more evidence that moderation is key.
"We already know that heavy drinking is a risk factor for many diseases," she said. "So, the possible effect on the oral microbiome is one more reason to avoid heavy drinking."
The findings were published online April 23 in the journal Microbiome.
The U.S. National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism has more on drinking habits and health.
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Real Madrid CF updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Real Madrid have told Cristiano Ronaldo that if he wants to leave the club then he has to publicly explain why.
Los Blancos' requirement comes just hours after Juventus submitted an £88million bid for the 33-year-old.
The Portugal captain has been heavily linked with a move away from the Bernabeu ever since the Champions League final.
Moments after lifting the trophy for a third consecutive time, Ronaldo appeared to suggest he had already decided to leave Real, telling a television reporter on the pitch at Kiev's NSC Olympic Stadium: "It was beautiful to play for Real Madrid."
(Image: REUTERS)
Ronaldo appeared to backtrack on his statement and told Real's supporters he would 'see them next season' at the trophy parade.
However, Juventus's staggering bid has once again blown the door open over his future at Real.
(Image: Francois Nel/Getty Images)
According to Sport , the club will let him leave on one condition - he publicly explains his decision to quit.
Florentino Perez's stance is that if the player says he wants to go then they'll accept the offer.
Ronaldo is now enjoying some downtime after Portugal were knocked out of the World Cup following a 2-1 defeat to Uruguay.
CLOSE Within a large volume of flu cases flooding the emergency room at Saint Francis Hospital, measures to combat the spread of the virus has increased to protect patients and staff. Jennifer Corbett/The News Journal
Buy Photo A patient checks in for treatment at St. Francis Hospital's emergency room. (Photo: Jennifer Corbett, The News Journal)Buy Photo
A 62-year-old New Castle County woman has died from the flu, increasing Delaware's death tally to 31 people this season, state health officials said Monday.
The First State has faced the deadliest flu season in state recorded history. The previous record was set in the 2014-2015 season with 28 deaths. The state started keeping flu fatality records in 2004.
The New Castle County woman had underlying health conditions, officials said.
These 3 Delawareans thought they had a mild case of the flu. They were wrong.
Delaware heath officials said the worst of the flu season is also likely over in the First State. The number of confirmed cases and hospitalizations has dropped in recent weeks.
That echoes a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announcement last month that the flu season has peaked nationally and will likely end in mid-April.
With flu on the decline, the state said it will no longer be issuing weekly updates after March.
CLOSE The Harrington ordeal started in late January when she went for a flu test. She tested positive and so did her husband. Shortly after, the four kids had flu-like symptoms. 3/6/18 Saquan Stimpson & Damian Giletto
But the flu likely will continue to circulate for the next couple of weeks, health officials warned.
From March 4 to March 10, the state confirmed 290 cases of the flu, a significant decline from previous weeks. This brings the total number of confirmed cases to 7,433, which is the highest number of cases since the state began recording it in 2004.
Flu prevention demands take-no-prisoners attitude
The decline may also be a sign that doctors have simply stopped doing official tests and are treating people for flu if they have the symptoms.
Doctors say this year's flu season is bad for several reasons: Both influenza A and B strains are circulating at the same time, when one usually dominates early in the season with the other comes later in the spring.
Flu vaccines are also less effective than expected, though doctors still encourage people to get them.
FLU IN DELAWARE
DOC: 64 inmates infected with flu, children not allowed to visit
State: Flu deaths tie record high as the worst of the season is over
These 3 Delawareans thought they had a mild case of the flu. They were wrong.
Contact Meredith Newman at (302) 324-2386 or at mnewman@delawareonline.com. Follow her on Twitter at @merenewman.
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/health/2018/03/19/state-confirms-31st-flu-death-season/439715002/
Arsenal will face Ostersund and their English manager Graham Potter in the last 32 of the Europa League.
Monday's draw paired Arsene Wenger's men with the Swedish side, who is a former York defender Potter has taken from the fourth division to the top-ranked Allsvenskan in six years.
The 42-year-old has earned comparisons with Roy Hodgson - who himself managed in Scandinavia in his formative years - and this will be his first clash against English opposition.
The draw also saw Celtic come out against Zenit St Peterburg.
Wild bees, such as bumblebees, don't get as much love as honeybees, but they should. They play just as crucial a role in pollinating many fruits, vegetables, and wildflowers, and compared to managed colonies of honeybees, they're in much greater jeopardy.
A group of scientists in the United Kingdom decided to look at how bumblebee queens are affected by some widely used and highly controversial pesticides known as neonicotinoids. What they found isn't pretty.
Neonics, as they're often called, are applied as a coating on the seeds of some of the most widely grown crops in the country, including corn, soybeans, and canola. These pesticides are "systemic" — they move throughout the growing plants. Traces of them end up in pollen, which bees consume. Neonicotinoid residues also have been found in the pollen of wildflowers growing near fields and in nearby streams.
The scientists, based at Royal Holloway University of London, set up a laboratory experiment with bumblebee queens. They fed those queens a syrup containing traces of a neonicotinoid pesticide called thiamethoxam, and the amount of the pesticide, they say, was similar to what bees living near fields of neonic-treated canola might be exposed to.
Bumblebee queens exposed to the pesticide were 26 percent less likely to lay eggs, compared to queens that weren't exposed to the pesticide. The team published their findings in the journal Nature Ecology and Evolution.
"Without the queen laying eggs, there is no colony," says Nigel Raine, one of the scientists who conducted the experiment. Raine helped start the experiment, but has since moved to the University of Guelph in Canada.
According to Raine and his colleagues, the reduction in reproduction is so large that wild bumblebee populations exposed to these chemicals could enter a spiral of decline and eventually die out.
"To me, based on the data we have, it seems like quite a big impact," Raine says.
But he says scientists don't know how harmful the pesticide exposure is in the wild, compared to other perils the bees face, such as disappearing wildflowers that bees rely on for food. "I don't think we have a really good handle on how important, say, nutrition limitation is — if they can't find the right flowers. Or parasite loads. I'd say [neonic exposure] is important and significant, but other factors may be important and significant, too," he says.
The results are likely to strengthen calls for further restrictions on use of the pesticides. The European Union imposed a temporary moratorium on use of neonicotinoid pesticides on many crops in 2013, and is now considering proposals to make that moratorium permanent. Pesticide companies and some farmers are fighting those restrictions. They argue that the moratorium has led to lower yields of canola and an increase in spraying of other pesticides to fight insects that previously were controlled by neonicotinoid coatings on seeds.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Apple has offered a sneak peak at the hundreds of new emoji coming to iPhone and iPad with the release of iOS 11.1 .
These include a range of new faces, including a swearing face, a silly face, a face making the "shhh" gesture and a face with a monocle, as well as new gender-neutral characters.
There are new clothing options for winter, including a trench coat, hat, gloves and scarf, and food types, such as pie, broccoli, dimsum and takeaway.
New animals include giraffe, hedgehog, cricket and dinosaur, and new mythical creatures include mermaid, wizard, fairy and vampire.
Also included in the update is the "love you" gesture, designed after the “I love you” hand sign in American sign language.
The new emoji are adapted from approved characters in Unicode 10, and also include characters announced on World Emoji Day like woman breastfeeding , woman with a headscarf (hijabi) , and "shocked face with exploding head" (mind blown).
In total, 56 new emojis have been approved by the Unicode Consortium, the non-profit organisation that approves new emoji characters for public use.
Other notable additions include "bearded man", "grinning face with star eyes", "smiling face with hand putting on makeup", and "face with open mouth vomiting".
(Image: PA)
The consortium approves the rough images, but companies such as Apple and Google are free to create their own versions of each emoji.
Earlier this week WhatsApp unveiled its own range of emojis, which are nearly identical to those created by Apple.
Only a few small differences give away the update - for instance, the water pistol has turned orange, the ghost emoji no longer has lopsided eyes and the frying egg is now double-yolked.
While emojis were first introduced as a bit of frivolous fun, they have grown to become the fastest growing language in history, and have become a central part of modern digital communication.
Celebrities including Kim Kardashian and Justin Bieber have launched their own range of personalised icons, while the official Unicode standard now includes more than 2,500 icons.
"As a visual language emoji has already far eclipsed hieroglyphics, its ancient Egyptian precursor which took centuries to develop," said Professor Vyv Evans from Bangor University.
ROANOKE, Va. - Virginia's annual statewide tornado drill will take place Tuesday at 9:45 a.m.
The drill is intended to be a yearly opportunity for Virginians to prepare for tornado emergencies.
At approximately 9:45 a.m., a test tornado warning will be sent by the National Weather Service to National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration weather radios.
Those radios will sound an alert and show a test message, or flash to indicate a message, in order to simulate what people would see or hear during an actual tornado warning.
Local radio stations, TV stations and cable outlets will broadcast the test message via the Emergency Alert System. Participants, including individual schools and businesses, are advised to register for the drill with the Virginia Department of Emergency Management.
According to Bill Sammler, of the National Weather Service in Wakefield, 25 confirmed tornadoes touched down throughout the Commonwealth last year.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Cathy Adams Full Profile Login to follow
TODAY we remember service men and women at Anzac Day services across the Northern Rivers.
We looked back through our archives to bring you images of Anzac Day commemorations from the past.
From the 1960s to the present, we remember them.
San Leandro mattress plant closes as Serta Simmons lays off 150 workers
Photo: Michael Macor / The Chronicle 2017 Image 1 of / 2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 A Serta Simmons plant in San Leandro is closing and laying off more than 150 workers. Competition from Zinus, an online mattress seller also based in San Leandro, as well as other Internet mattress retailers, is reshaping the industry. less A Serta Simmons plant in San Leandro is closing and laying off more than 150 workers. Competition from Zinus, an online mattress seller also based in San Leandro, as well as other Internet mattress retailers, ... more Photo: Michael Macor / The Chronicle 2017 Image 2 of 2 Serta Simmons is reshaping its manufacturing operations, closing some plants while opening others, like a new 265,000 square foot factory in Houston. Serta Simmons is reshaping its manufacturing operations, closing some plants while opening others, like a new 265,000 square foot factory in Houston. Photo: Godofredo A. Vasquez / Houston Chronicle San Leandro mattress plant closes as Serta Simmons lays off 150 workers 1 / 2 Back to Gallery
As online competition reshapes one sector of retail after another, Serta Simmons Bedding, North America's largest bedding manufacturer, said it will shut down its San Leandro plant and lay off 153 production workers.
The decision came as part of the Atlanta company's evaluation of its cost structure and manufacturing operations, Serta Simmons said in a statement. The facility on Fairway Drive made Serta and Simmons Beautyrest mattress products. The company has operated in San Leandro since at least 1992, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
“As part of this evaluation, we've made the difficult decision to close our San Leandro plant and transfer this volume to other plants,” the company said.
While Serta Simmons is closing some locations, it is opening others as part of a $100 million investment in its manufacturing operations. This month, it opened a new plant in Moreno Valley (Riverside County).
Workers affected include material handlers, quilters, production supervisors and those who assembled the mattresses, according to a letter that a Serta Simmons subsidiary filed with the state's Employment Development Department this month. The first layoffs will take place on July 15, according to the letter. Serta Simmons said it will give the affected workers severance and provide additional support.
“When a company has been here for a long time, it's never our first choice to see them move on,” said Jeff Kay, San Leandro's interim city manager, adding that the city will also help the workers find jobs.
Simmons, which originally owned the San Leandro plant, went bankrupt in 2009 and was purchased by the private equity owners of Serta, which merged the companies. Serta Simmons and other traditional mattress makers face increasing competition from online sellers like Casper, Leesa and Zinus.
San Leandro has had a long history in manufacturing. Ghirardelli chocolate is made there and there are other areas in town zoned for industrial uses such as for 3-D printing, Kay said. The unemployment rate in San Leandro is relatively low at 2.8 percent and there are local businesses that are looking for more job candidates, Kay said.
Zinus, one of Serta Simmons' online rivals, is also based in San Leandro, blocks away from the plant being closed.
Filling the real estate space left behind by Serta Simmons will not be difficult, Kay said.
“Whenever a large space comes on the market, there is a strong interest,” Kay said. “It will not be long before there is a new tenant in there.”
Wendy Lee is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: wlee@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @thewendylee
March 30 Sarissa Capital Management LP called for a reduction in the compensation of Innoviva Inc's chief executive and the board - the hedge fund's latest salvo in its proxy fight with the drug company.
Sarissa, run by billionaire investor Carl Icahn's former healthcare lieutenant, has nominated three directors to Innoviva's board and has criticized the company's cost structure.
The hedge fund said on Thursday Chief Executive Michael Aguiar's compensation should be reduced to below $500,000 per year. (bit.ly/2okYJoA)
Aguiar's 2015 total compensation was $3.56 million, according to a regulatory filing. (bit.ly/2mStPH3)
Sarissa owns 2.72 percent of Innoviva, according to Thomson Reuters data. (Reporting by Ankur Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
New Delhi: LPG, kerosene, jewellery and currency are among the common use items that have been exempted from the requirement of obtaining electronic permits for transportation under the GST regime.
The Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime, rolled out from July 1, mandates obtaining permits called e-way bills for transporting goods consignment of more than Rs 50,000 in value with a view to checking tax evasion.
A senior finance ministry official said the GST Council in its last meeting on August 5 approved a list of 153 items that have been exempted from the requirement of obtaining e- way bills.
These include domesticated animals like live bovine animals, swine and fish, fruits and vegetables, fresh milk, honey, seeds, cereals and flour.
Also exempted is movement of betel leaves, non-alcoholic toddy, raw silk, khadi, earthen pot and clay lamps, puja samagri and hearing aids.
Human hair, semen including frozen semen and condoms and contraceptives have also been exempted.
The official said cooking gas (LPG) for supply to households and kerosene for sale under public distribution system (PDS) too have been exempted from the requirement of getting the consignment registered online before moving them.
On the exempt list is also postal baggage as also currency, jewellery and used personal and household effects, he said.
E-way bill is also not required if goods are transported by non-motorised conveyances. Goods transported from international ports to hinterland ports for clearance by customs have been exempted from the requirement.
The electronic permit would have to be generated when consignment value exceeds Rs 50,000 and is optional if the value is less than that.
The provision would kick-in from a date to be notified by the central government after the backbone software for generating such permits is ready by the National Informatics Centre (NIC), which is likely by October.
Such a permit has to detail the goods being transported, the mode used, origin and destination besides details of the supplier, recipient and transporter.
The official said there is no need of conveyance details when the distance of transport is less than 10 km within a state.
The e-way bills, which can be checked by designated tax officials by intercepting a transporting vehicle, are aimed at helping authorities keep track of goods and inter-state commerce.
This is particularly useful when most states have dismantled border checkposts that operated under the previous indirect tax administrations, thereby reducing the time needed for the movement of goods across states
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge's newest landmark has become a urinal only two months after it was installed on Parker's Piece.
Cambridge Rules 1848 , a monument consisting of four inscribed grey granite pillars was installed with great fanfare on Parker's Piece on May 12 in tribute to the city's contribution to the creation of modern football.
The public art piece was commissioned by Cambridge City Council to celebrate the rules written down by Cambridge students in 1848 that went on to shape the 'beautiful game' we know today.
The controversial design, which has been broadly slated as an eyesore, was unveiled after an extensive public consultation.
Upon its unveiling there were also concerns the monument would soon be vandalised or climbed on.
Now it appears nighttime revellers have been using the strategically placed pillars to relieve themselves.
Cambridge resident Barbara Taylor spotted the vandalism yesterday morning in passing.
She told Cambridgeshire Live: "That didn't take long. The new football monument has become a urinal already. It's all damp at the bottom and it hasn't rained for weeks - has it?"
She added that she was disappointed the monument had not been made into a rounded seated area.
A spokesman for Cambridge City Council said: “The Cambridge Rules sculpture has already proved very popular with lots of people visiting not only the sculpture but also its website
"The sculpture has an international profile now and we would encourage people to leave their own stories on the website.
“The Cambridge Rules sculpture, like any other public art work, needs regular maintenance and cleaning just like many other attractions in the city.
"If the sculpture has been used by those caught short this is very disappointing, especially when there are public toilets available just a short distance away on the other side of Parker's Piece.”
Black Panther premiered on Monday, flooding social media with beautiful celebrities on the purple carpet. Everyone from Lupita Nyong'o to Angela Bassett rocked their Wakanda best for the Ryan Coogler film. The film is breaking all records for advance ticket sales and is predicated to be an even bigger hit when it arrives in theaters on February 16.
With all of this love comes some haters. There is a Facebook group titled Down With Disney's Treatment of Franchises and its Fanboys, which aims to destroy the RottenTomatoes.com rating of Disney's big-budget franchise films. RottenTomatoes.com is a site that filters film reviews, the higher the rating, the “fresher” the film is considered. A high rating, especially in the 80 percent range, is a selling point for any film. Reportedly, The Last Jedi‘s low rating on RottenTomatoes.com is due to the Facebook group.
The moderator of the Facebook group said to HuffPost that he identifies as a member of the Alt-Right, which is a band of lonely white supremacists. The Facebook group attacked The Last Jedi because there were too many women characters in the film and the “anti-mansplaining movement” — whatever that means. Now, the group has called to “Give Black Panther a Rotten Audience Score on Rotten Tomatoes.” Obviously the group is afraid of all the melanin in Black Panther.
Well, they already failed. Facebook has reportedly shut down the group. Now the racist and misogynist group will need to find a new platform to spit their hate. Nonetheless, Black Panther is going to blow up the box office, regardless of audience scores. Have you bought your ticket?
SOURCE: The Verge
SEE ALSO:
Rumored Marvel Comics Film Adaptation Of ‘Black Panther' Could Spark Necessary Revolution
Marvel Comics Cancels ‘Black Panther' Spinoff
About Mike McKibbin
Mike McKibbin is a Denver and Washington political reporter for The Colorado Statesman. A long-time Colorado-based journalist, he has worked as an editor and bureau reporter and won numerous Colorado Press Association and Associated Press awards. Follow him on Twitter @MikeMcKibbin7 and email mike@coloradostatesman.com.
On Saturday, the New York Times published an article by technology reporter Nellie Bowles on Campbell Brown, a former TV newswoman who now works for Facebook. The article betrays the author's hostility to conservatism at several points, but what drew attention was this howler:
Once those shows get started, Ms. Brown wants to use Facebook's existing Watch product – a service introduced in 2017 as a premium product with more curation that has nonetheless been flooded with far-right conspiracy programming like “Palestinians Pay $400 million Pensions For Terrorist Families” – to be a breaking news destination.
Many commentators pointed out that the Palestinian Authority does, indeed, pay pensions to the families of terrorists, and the $400 million figure is correct. Today, the Times ate crow:
An article on Sunday about Campbell Brown's role as Facebook's head of news partnerships erroneously included a reference to Palestinian actions as an example of the sort of far-right conspiracy stories that have plagued Facebook. In fact, Palestinian officials have acknowledged providing payments to the families of Palestinians killed while carrying out attacks on Israelis or convicted of terrorist acts and imprisoned in Israel; that is not a conspiracy theory.
That's a step in the right direction, of course. But note that the correction describes the erroneous Palestinian story as “an example of the sort of far-right conspiracy stories that have plagued Facebook.” In fact, it was the only example. The corrected paragraph now reads:
Once those shows get started, Ms. Brown wants to use Facebook's existing Watch product — a service introduced in 2017 as a premium product with more curation that has nonetheless been flooded with far-right conspiracy programming — to be a breaking news destination.
If the journalist's best example of “far-right conspiracy programming” on Facebook turned out to be wrong, why should we believe that Facebook's Watch is “flooded” with such content? And is there far-left conspiracy programming on Watch, too? Or does the Times believe there is no such thing as a far-left conspiracy theory? Some would say that the Times itself has peddled more than a few such theories.
The New York Times suffers from a deep rot that will take much more than an occasional correction to cure.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Let's face it, pretty much all the dinner parties Kate and Wills and Meghan and Harry attend are probably a tad fancier than ones we go to.
We're not complaining, who doesn't love a spag bol and an apple crumble at their mate's house?
But with the fancy frocks and food comes a lot of rules which must followed if you're a member of the royal family.
Some of them are pretty obvious, such as holding your cutlery correctly, but there are others you might not have heard of.
(Image: PA)
And it turns out the royals can't even quietly pop to the loo without remembering to do a few things.
A royal must never 'announce their intentions' when they leave the table to go to the loo. Instead they must just say "excuse me" and leave.
That's easy enough. But there's another thing they must remember to do if they want to have some food left when they return, reports Business Insider .
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
If they haven't finished eating they must cross their knife and fork.
This isn't to stop those around them helping themselves while they're away (we're looking at you Prince Harry...) but it's a message to their staff that they're not finished eating.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Getty)
If they have finished their meal when they get up to nip to the loo, they must put their cutlery at an angle, with the handles at the bottom right of the plate (think 4.20pm on a clock face).
Or it might just be simpler to wait until everyone has finished and you're allowed to get down from the table - just an idea...
By SAM ZEFF
After four years of planning for concealed carry in Kansas government buildings, you might expect that officials would have the wrinkles ironed out — that they would have considered all the possibilities.
But there is still confusion, and it starts at Cedar Crest, the stately governor's mansion on the west side of Topeka.
Kansas governors have lived there since 1962. It's open for tours on Mondays from 1-3:30 p.m. and hosts the occasional public function.
And, it turns out, it's a bit of a magic mansion.
“It's a public property when it's open to the public and it's a private residence for the governor and his family,” says Lt. Adam Winters, spokesman for the Kansas Highway Patrol, the agency that is responsible for security at Cedar Crest.
Winters says Cedar Crest is a private residence when the governor or his family is at home, and if they wanted to ban guns they could. But it turns into a public building like the statehouse, department of motor vehicles or a college lecture hall when they are gone, he says, and firearms must be allowed.
How did the Highway Patrol reach that conclusion?
“I went and I did all the research that I could to find the answers for you. I used several avenues to get that information,” says Winters.
But Winters did not provide further explanation. Is there a statute? A regulation? Why does the building's status change depending on whether Gov. Brownback or his family is there?
This much is known: In June, before KCUR began asking questions, signs banning guns were posted at Cedar Crest and the park surrounding it.
When first asked whether those signs would stay up after July 1 — when the state's concealed carry law expanded to all government buildings — the Capitol Police, the part of the Highway Patrol that protects Cedar Crest, said “absolutely yes” and cited a 2011 law.
That legislation banned guns in Cedar Crest, the park and other government buildings.
But then in 2013, the Legislature passed the Personal and Family Protection Act, essentially opening up the carrying of concealed guns almost everywhere. But the ban on guns at Cedar Crest wasn't specifically repealed, which explains why the Capitol Police initially said the ban on guns in the governor's mansion would continue.
But the state soon changed its tune. A few days after KCUR's phone call with the Capitol Police, the no-gun signs were gone and the Highway Patrol offered its explanation of how Cedar Crest is different from all other state-owned buildings.
Or is it?
“The way the Kansas law is written, there are no buildings that are exempt from the Family and Personal Protection Act,” says Breeze Richardson, spokeswoman for the Kansas Board of Regents.
Where do Kansas colleges fit into the story?
It turns out that the CEOs of the Regents' six universities live in state-owned mansions, just like Cedar Crest.
“A CEO's private residence is a state-owned building in the same way that a major academic building would be or an athletic facility,” Richardson says.
The Personal and Family Protection Act actually prohibits college professors or a potential dormitory roommate from even asking if someone is carrying a concealed pistol. That also goes for university CEOs, who often use their mansions for fundraising.
“That's correct. My understanding is that you cannot ask or require a list of any kind of who is carrying concealed,” Richardson says.
What does a university president think about being forced to potentially allow people who might have a gun into their home?
KCUR asked Richard Myers, who has been Kansas State University president for about 18 months.
“Well, you know, I probably already have because the definition of concealed is you don't see it,” says Myers.
He also stresses that many K-State faculty and staff support allowing concealed carry on campus.
Myers is a former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and a combat fighter pilot with a Distinguished Flying Cross, so he knows something about weapons.
And just like his colleagues, Myers is required to live in the campus house. He says he is not worried about his safety. But he is worried the concealed carry law will drive away good people from the university.
“Unfortunately, very unfortunately, we'll lose some really capable faculty members over this. And perhaps staff as well,” Myers says.
Myers' house, the other campus CEO mansions and Cedar Crest are all houses for transients — the occupants regularly change.
So while Gov. Brownback's spokeswoman says Brownback has no qualms about letting people who are packing pistols into Cedar Crest, Brownback is leaving soon for a job in the Trump administration. Plus there's an election next year.
At this point, then, it's fair to say that, despite all the planning for concealed carry, there is still confusion.
Sam Zeff covers education for the Kansas News Service and is co-host of the political podcast Statehouse Blend Kansas. Follow him on Twitter @SamZeff.
Being a firefighter comes with some highs and lows. They respond to all different kinds of calls from assisting someone who has falling down to putting out major fires and everything in between.
But who helps them after they've witnessed something traumatic on a call?
Great Falls Fire Chief Steve Hester said no matter what they go through day to day they're a family who watches out and takes care of each other. Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder is not prevalent in the Great Falls Fire and Rescue Department and Chief Hester credits that to the atmosphere they work in.
"We don't want you taking this home. It's really important to me and my roll as the fire chief is to make sure they have that kind of support. Most of the time and I'm speaking 99 percent of the time we go to a call that's kind of tough we take care of it in house"
Just because it's not prevalent now, Chief Hester says it can happen at any time because of any reason.
If and when PTSD does arise in a firefighter they take all precautionary measure possible including professional help if necessary.
BELFAST, Ireland — Real Madrid midfielder Toni Kroos has been released from Germany's World Cup qualifying squad to allow him to recover from a rib injury.
Kroos recently missed games for Madrid with the same injury but played in Germany's 3-1 win over Northern Ireland on Thursday, helping the team secure qualification for next year's tournament in Russia.
The German soccer federation says Kroos left the team hotel in Belfast on Friday morning in order to "fully heal."
Germany coach Joachim Loew says "we know what Toni can give us. When it comes down to it we can always rely on him. The deciding factor was that he is completely fit for next year."
India's dominance in the 2018 Under-19 World Cup has been nothing short of awe-inspiring. Their title showdown with Australia on Saturday also turned out to be a one-sided one as India became the first team to win four World Cups. In every sense, it was a complete 'team performance' under the supervision of coach Rahul Dravid. Right from the first match, they had been in absolute control. Let's trace India's journey right up to their trophy success.
Playing Australia in their first match in Group B, captain Prithvi Shaw (94), Manjot Kalra (86) and Shubman Gill (63) combined beautifully to help the team demolish the opposition by 100 runs. Kamlesh Nagarkoti and Shivam Mavi shared six wickets between them and put on view some serious pace, for which they found themselves under the spotlight.
The next two matches against Papua New Guinea and Zimbabwe were again one-sided. Thanks to Anukul Roy's 5/14, Papua New Guinea crashed to 67 all out, after which Shaw blazed an unbeaten 57 to take India to a 10-wicket win.
Roy continued his good show against Zimbabwe as a four-for from him helped India to another 10-wicket team as Gill (90) and Harvik Desai (56) made merry in their chase of 155.
Bangladesh were next in the line of fire and crashed to a 131-run defeat in the quarterfinals. Gill (86) and Abhishek Sharma (50) guided India to 265, after which Nagarkoti and Mavi did the rest sharing five wickets between them.
However, once it emerged that India will play arch-rivals Pakistan in the semis, a great many experts predicted that Shaw and Co. will find it tough getting past their neighbors. That's not how it turned out though, as India steamrolled Pakistan in their 203-run win. Gill continued his rich vein of form and smashed his first ton of the tournament as India made 272. Another fast bowler in the team, Ishan Porel then ran through Pakistan as the team from across the border succumbed to 69 all out.
In the final on Saturday, India once again annihilated their opponents. Big stages call for big performances and Kalra (101 not out) rose to the occasion big time as Dravid's charges made light work of the target and chased down 217 in just 38.5 overs with eight wickets in hand.
Gill, Player of the Tournament, in all made 372 runs and was the second highest scorer in the event behind West Indies' Alick Athanaze (418). Shaw and Kalra contributed 261 and 252 respectively.
Roy, meanwhile, finished as the joint highest wicket-taker with 14 wickets. Nagarkoti and Mavi took nine wickets apiece.
Such dominance in global tournaments is very rare. Dravid and his charges can pat themselves on the back for ruthless execution all through the tournament.
A look at Harry Redknapp's career so far
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Harry Redknapp has been named Birmingham City manager following the resignation of Gianfranco Zola.
The news, as revealed by Mirror Sport on Monday night, comes after Blues suffered a damaging 2-0 defeat to fellow relegation-strugglers Burton Albion.
That prompted Zola to walk away from the Second City club with Redknapp drafted in to save them from relegation and Redknapp hinted he is set to stay beyond the rest of this season.
"You just hope you can get the results you need until you have the summer to put a team together to challenge for a play-off place," Redknapp told talkSPORT.
Blues Tweeted: "The Club is delighted to announce the appointment of Harry Redknapp as our new manager."
(Photo: Getty)
The gap to the drop zone is just three points with three games remaining and caps a disastrous spell for the club after sacking Gary Rowett with the team just three points off the play-offs.
Redknapp has not worked as a manager since leaving the Jordanian national side but was a consultant at Derby County until the end of last season.
He has tasted success twice in the Championship, earning promotion with both QPR and Portsmouth, although his initial brief would be survival.
His first game in charge will be fierce rivals Aston Villa in the derby on Sunday at 12pm.
Redknapp's managerial career
Years Club 1983-92 Bournemouth 1994-2001 West Ham 2002-04 Portsmouth 2004-05 Southampton 2005-08 Portsmouth 2008-12 Tottenham 2012-15 QPR 2016 Jordan
Birmingham's remaining games
Aston Villa
Huddersfield
Bristol City
Aldi has recalled one of its food products owing to worries that it may be contaminated with small pieces of hard plastic.
The Rooster's Southern Fried Poppin' Chicken, which comes in 210g packs, may present a safety risk due to the presence of the plastic, which the supermarket giant says affects no other products,
The product in question
The items in question have lot number 1010170, and the Product Code are 45004 and 75744.
Anyone having purchased one of the products should not eat it, instead returning it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Every minute, around 300 hours of video are uploaded to YouTube - and now the site has revealed just how much of that content has to be removed.
YouTube has released a new quarterly report detailing how it tackles violative content on the platform.
The report, titled the YouTube Community Guidelines Enforcement Report, reveals that from October-December 2017, the platform removed over eight million videos.
The majority of these eight million videos were mostly spam or people attempting to upload adult content.
(Image: YouTube)
Interestingly, 6.7 million videos were first flagged for review by machines rather than humans - and 76 per cent of those were removed before they received a single view.
In a blog on the report, a spokesperson for YouTube said: “For example, at the beginning of 2017, 8 percent of the videos flagged and removed for violent extremism were taken down with fewer than 10 views.
“We introduced machine learning flagging in June 2017. Now more than half of the videos we remove for violent extremism have fewer than 10 views.”
(Image: YouTube)
While you might think that deploying machine learning would reduce the number of people reviewing content, YouTube says it's actually the opposite.
The spokesperson added: “Our systems rely on human review to assess whether content violates our policies.”
In 2017, Google - which owns YouTube - committed to bringing the total number of people working to address violative content to 10,000 this year.
YouTube says it is on track to meet its contribution to that goal.
Lucy Durack on set, on her first day of filming Lift
Lucy Durack on set, on her first day of filming Lift Picture: Ian Munro
It was an odd encounter in the lift at her daughter's day care that led Lucy Durack home to Perth — and to her debut as a screenwriter.
Durack, an acclaimed theatre actress, will spend much of this week inside a makeshift wooden elevator inside a small film studio in Maylands, shooting Lift, a romantic comedy web series she created and wrote.
Sydney-based Durack, best known for her award-winning turns as Glinda the Good Witch in Wicked and Elle Woods in Legally Blonde: The Musical, said seeing her script come to life was “incredibly, overwhelmingly fun”.
Durack penned five comedies with her writing partners, brother and sister duo Jess and Leon Murray, but they settled on Lift partly because of its format of seven four-minute episodes.
The story follows Olivia (Durack) on her way to a job interview and Simon (theatre actor Duncan Ragg), who is about to propose to his girlfriend, and their fateful meeting in an elevator.
“I love a romantic comedy ... and this one came out of a fairly awkward conversation I had with a stranger in a lift at my daughter's day care,” Durack laughed.
Actress and singer Lucy Durack is back home in Perth visiting her family for a week. She is also appearing in new Nine series Doctor Doctor. Picture: Ian Munro
“We wanted something we could make on a small budget, before we got funding from Screenwest.
“The rules were each episode was one lift ride and there was one location, so we had to stretch the boundaries to make it into a real romantic comedy, just in microscopic form.”
And when Lift goes online midyear, it will be the culmination of tireless work by “an incredible team of up-and-coming WA crew and volunteers”, according to producer Lauren Elliott.
WA's Zoe Pepper is directing and Chloe Rickard is a executive producer. As Durack points out, it is an all-female line-up at the helm. “It's just cool to be on a set with so many women,” she said. “It's really inspiring and exciting.”
We all know the ocean levels are steadily rising, but what would happen if they were slowly draining instead? What if, let's just say, there was a giant plug about 10 meters wide at the very bottom of the Marianas Trench keeping the ocean filled up? And what would the world look like if we pulled that plug?
Redditor Vinnytsia is here to answer all those hyper-specific questions and more with an incredible visualization of the fake phenomenon:
First, a couple of important details
• The plug is 10 meters wide
• The plug is at the very bottom of the Marianas Trench, a place known to be the deepest point in the world's oceans that sits between Japan and Papau New Guinea in the Pacific Ocean
• This is just a fun thing; there isn't actually a plug
Now, some interesting things to notice:
• Though this visualization tracks changes over almost 3 million years, the most drastic changes to the world as we know it would occur in the first few hundred millennia
• Around 2.5 million years into the Great Drain, the Atlantic, Indian and Arctic oceans essentially stop draining, but the Pacific keeps going. That's because the imaginary plug is in the Marianas Trench, which is in the Pacific. But the rest of the world's bodies of water eventually get cut off from the Pacific and become landlocked
• It's cool to see how bodies of water like North America's Great lakes and Eurasia's Black Sea and Caspian Sea are largely unaffected, but it's also cool to see new super-lakes form, like the one between Japan and Korea/China or the Z-shaped one in the former Gulf of Mexico
Head on over to Reddit to read about Vinnytsia's theories about why the map looks the way it does and the methodology that went into creating the visualization, which was partially inspired by this XCKD post.
[Via Reddit]
VINCENT, Ohio — The River Valley wrestling team came away with third place on Saturday at the 12-team Hickory Grove Market Invitational, hosted by Warren High School in Washington County.
The Raiders had one weight class champion and seven top-four finishers at the annual event, which led to a final team tally of 208 points.
The host Warriors won the team title with a final tally of 310 points, while Athens was the overall runner-up with 269 points.
Jacob Edwards captured first place in the 126-pound division after going 5-0 with five pinfall victories, while Coalton Burns (120) and Jeremiah Dobbins (152) both came away with second place efforts in their respective weight classes.
Burns finished 3-1 overall with two pinfall wins and a 13-7 decision, while Dobbins went 3-1 with two pinfall wins and a 17-2 technical fall.
Joseph Burns (113), Eric Weber (160) and Nathaniel Michael (170) each finished third in their respective divisions, with Weber going 4-1 overall with four pinfall wins. Burns and Michael each went 3-2 overall with three pinfall wins apiece.
Zach Stein also placed fourth in the 220-pound weight class after going 1-3 overall, which included a pinfall victory.
Warren had weight class champions in eight of the 14 divisions, while Maysville was next with two individual champions. The Raiders joined Williamstown, Athens and Belpre with a divisional champion apiece.
Visit baumspage.com for complete results of the 2017 Hickory Grove Market Invitational held at Warren High School.
By Bryan Walters bwalters@aimmedimidwest.com
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2101.
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2101.
They might not like OMB's approach, but a third of feds support gov't restructuring Top Story
By The Associated Press
KUWAIT CITY (AP) — Kuwait has announced new picks for Cabinet, with five out of 16 members hailing from the royal family, including the ruler's son who has been chosen to head the Defense Ministry.
Nasser Sabah Al Sabah, in his 50s, will serve as defense minister and as deputy prime minister. He takes over the ministry from Mohammad Khaled Al Sabah.
Bakheet al-Rasheedi, the CEO of Kuwait Petroleum International, a subsidiary of the national Kuwait Petroleum Corporation, was chosen as oil minister, replacing Essam al-Marzouq.
Prime Minister Sheikh Jaber Mubarak Al Sabah announced his selections Sunday with Kuwait's ruler, Sheikh Sabah, expected to approve the nominations.
The cabinet was dissolved in October after lawmakers were set to consider a no-confidence against one of the ministers from the ruling family over budget issues.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
© NZ Herald
Rough seas and strong easterlies - and a successful breeding season - could be behind the deaths of possibly thousands of little blue penguins on Northland's east coast.Many east coast beaches have been strewn with bodies of the world's smallest penguin species, in Maori called korora, along with shearwaters, petrels and other seabirds.Although the sight has shocked some visitors to the region, even locals used to seeing dead seabirds are concerned at the number of birds in trouble and carcasses, Whangarei birdman Robert Webb said.The Whangarei Bird Recovery Centre which he manages is caring for dozens of injured or exhausted seabirds brought in this week.''The birds are copping it for sure in this weather. We've been inundated by them,'' Mr Webb said.Yesterday he also dropped off a dozen or so blue penguin carcasses to the Department of Conservation in Whangarei which had been brought into the centre.As for the weak birds, people could help save some by lifting them from the water's edge if possible and putting them in dunes or grass banks where there was more shelter and they were away from high tide sweeps, Mr Webb said.''Those that can't be saved will die anyway. Those with some chance might get a bit of strength back if they've got some protection from the elements.''Other reasons for the deaths included penguins could be in their moult stage — when juvenile feathers are replaced, they are not waterproof and can't swim. Others could be youngsters whose parents have stopped feeding them, or old ones coming ashore anyway to die, as is usual for penguins.
× Expand Illustration by Thinkstock
It's all so cloak and dagger, still. While representatives of Richmond's private clubs were extremely polite when asked about their organizations' elaborate dining programs, they still wanted to keep an air of secrecy — a novelty in today's share-all age.
It's been said Richmond's clubs began during Prohibition as a means for high society to privately imbibe, but some of these clubs are even older. Today, they're holdovers of high-class dining, where the food is of excellent quality and the level of care taken is worth the membership fees alone. Of course, to enjoy a meal here, you'll have to apply.
The Woman's Club, a nonprofit, women-only consortium, began in 1894. Now, it boasts more than 1,500 members. To become one, you must be recommended by another member, or apply for consideration, but once in, you'll be allowed lunch privileges at the all-male Commonwealth Club on Mondays.
The 1890-founded Commonwealth Club offers more than 80,000 square feet housing a basement pool, a wine shop, multiple bars and restaurants, and an athletic facility, with a membership currently hovering around 900. Included in admittance is the ability to dine at the Men's Grill (complete with lunch buffet), the coat-and-tie-required Dining Room, and the Blue Bar, which serves a limited menu. Its chef, Kaui Stryn, formerly of Baltimore Country Club and The Greenbrier, cooks up “Sport Coat Dinners,” which typically follow a theme such as Hawaiian, featuring kalua pig and malasadas.
What began as a golf course morphed into The Westwood Supper Club in 1939, then transformed yet again to include more dining and award-winning tennis. Now, the men and women of the West End's Westwood Club enjoy organic meals from chef Chris Stemmle that utilize herbs grown on-site. Stemmle did stints at The Country Club of Virginia and downtown's now-shuttered Sensi before bringing his talents to the Westwood Club's restaurant — where he serves lunch, dinner and upscale carryout items such as leg of lamb — and the more casual courtside café serving salads, duck confit tacos and crab cake sandwiches.
Chef Norman Jordan filled Twenty-Three Hundred Clubs four Church Hill dining rooms and its patio with Southern fare, but no longer; even elite dining cannot keep some of these stalwarts afloat. Due to waning membership, the organization recently suspended its operations. In spring of 2015, Richmond's Bull & Bear Club shuttered after nearly 50 years in business. In a recent conversation, Twenty-Three Hundred Club owner David Branch questioned his organization's sustainability; its future is cloudy, even to its owner.
San Francisco Giants' Pablo Sandoval (48) is congratulated by teammate Brandon Belt after scoring on a bases-loaded walk during the fourth inning against the Colorado Rockies in a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Denver. (AP Photo/Jack Dempsey)
San Francisco Giants' Pablo Sandoval (48) is congratulated by teammate Brandon Belt after scoring on a bases-loaded walk during the fourth inning against the Colorado Rockies in a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Denver. (AP Photo/Jack Dempsey)
DENVER (AP) - Brandon Crawford kept up his May hitting surge by lining a pair of singles, Gorkys Hernandez had a diving catch in center field to thwart a rally, and the San Francisco Giants avoided being swept with a 7-4 win over the Colorado Rockies on Wednesday night.
Crawford was 2 for 5 with an RBI. He's hitting .412 this month, raising his season average from .189 to .307.
Derek Holland (3-6) settled down after giving up a three-run homer to Nolan Arenado in the first. The left-hander allowed four runs in five innings to help the Giants snap a three-game skid.
The Giants' bullpen allowed three hits the rest of the way, with Hunter Strickland getting Arenado to pop up to end the game and earn his 11th save.
Between four strikeouts, Evan Longoria delivered a run-scoring triple in the fifth off reliever Harrison Musgrave (0-1) that staked the Giants to a 5-4 lead. Over the three-game series, Longoria also had two homers and two doubles.
Hernandez hauled in the catch of the night in the fifth with two on and two out. He dove to snare a sinking liner by Carlos Gonzalez, who tossed his batting helmet in frustration.
Jon Gray turned in his shortest outing of the season at 3 1/3 innings. He walked two straight batters with the bases loaded in the fourth to allow the Giants tie the score at 4. Musgrave entered and the Rockies got out of the tight spot when Andrew McCutchen's liner was dropped by Trevor Story, who then began a double play.
Pablo Sandoval started at second base a day after Kelby Tomlinson committed three errors. Sandoval had an RBI single in the second.
Tomlinson entered the game in the fifth.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Giants: RHP Jeff Samardzija was placed on the 10-day disabled list with shoulder tightness. ... INF Joe Panik (left thumb) could return to the Giants on Friday. ... RHP Mark Melancon (elbow) will be evaluated Thursday.
Rockies: 2B DJ LeMahieu (left thumb) took multiple at-bats in Arizona on Wednesday. "He's doing really well. He's close," manager Bud Black said. Possibly activated Friday? "You can speculate. I'm not going to tell you. But you can speculate it a lot," Black said.
FIRST PITCH
Before the game, 8-year-old Hailey Dawson of Las Vegas delivered a ceremonial underhand pitch to Chad Bettis while wearing a Rockies-themed prosthetic hand. She has Poland syndrome, which stunted the growth of the fingers on her right hand.
It was her ninth stadium visit in her quest to throw in every major league park. Her next stop is Seattle.
She's also delivered pitches at Baltimore, Washington, San Diego, San Francisco, Chicago Cubs, Texas, Cleveland, and during Game 4 of the 2017 World Series in Houston. Several Rockies players signed her prosthetic hand, including Ian Desmond, Arenado and Gonzalez.
UP NEXT
Giants: The Giants head home for six games after going 2-6 on their trip. RHP Chris Stratton (6-3, 4.97 ERA) starts Friday in a three-game set against Philadelphia.
Rockies: After a day off, LHP Tyler Anderson (4-1, 4.72 ERA) takes the ball Friday to open a three-game series against the Dodgers and LHP Alex Wood (1-4, 3.75).
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
More Videos
0:35 Rougned Odor's two-homer night signals his slump is behind him
0:50 Jeff Banister doesn't let Wednesday's loss dampen 5-1 trip
1:08 Another state softball title and 30 wins makes Keller ace Star-Telegram player of the year
0:49 Nick Martinez didn't figure in the decision but held the Astros to two runs Tuesday night
1:27 Jeff Banister on Rougned Odor's big night and Nick Martinez's start
2:13 Colleyville's Alex Scherff, drafted by Red Sox, is Star-Telegram Player of the Year
0:43 Cowboys CB Orlando Scandrick "My time is now"
2:29 First day of Cowboys minicamp with Clarence and Drew
1:40 2017 College World Series: Meet the teams and key players
0:43 Jeremy Jeffress closed out Monday's win with two scoreless innings
0:23 Nun and policeman challenge each other to soccer game of keepy-uppy
2:18 Keller Girls Avoid Bi-District Upset, Outlast North Crowley Pause
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
2:16 Institutional racism targeted by FWISD policy
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican
0:52 Remains found in shallow grave identified as missing college student Zuzu Verk
1:48 Fort Worth Opera's 'JFK' takes the stage at Bass Hall
1:29 Pot-bellied pig on the loose at Texas gas station
7:28 Arlington mayor rips opponents of Texas Rangers stadium in secret audio recording
1:51 American Airlines flight attendants: "Love AAfair is over!"
STONINGTON, Conn. (WTNH)–Police are investigating incidents of “sexting” and inappropriate content on students' phones at Stonington High School.
Police said the school received information about some students in possession of inappropriate content, including pictures. The school contacted police, which began an investigation.
Stonington police said some of the photos are of the students, and some are photo-shopped of unknown people with names of the real students at the high school.
Police said their first priority is to eliminate the content, and limit its exposure to protect victims.
The families of the students involved have been contacted, according to an email from the Stonington superintendent. The email says there are a “small number” of students involved.
“As you can imagine, the sensitivity of this type of investigation is most important as we are dealing with adolescents,” the email reads. “The safety and emotional well being of our students is our top priority. With that said, we as a community need to exercise discretion and not make this the topic of online discussion groups that could be more damaging to our kids.
I encourage all parents and guardians to have a discussion with your children about the ramifications of these behaviors. We have in the past and will continue to have frank and open discussions with our students to protect them and to minimize this type of electronic activity. If you have any concern about your child, do not hesitate to contact their school counselor or administration.”
The investigation is ongoing.
ROCKY HILL, Conn. (WTNH) — The Rocky Hill Police Department is mourning the loss of one of their own, a K9 named Ranger, after he was put down on Wednesday.
The Connecticut Police Work Dog Association announced K9 Ranger was put to sleep early Wednesday morning, just four days after his 13th birthday. It happened around 5:00 a.m. at the Animal Hospital of Rocky Hill. K9 Ranger was handled by Sergeant Joseph Phelps of the Rocky Hill Police Department.
According to the Connecticut Police Work Dog Association, Sergeant Phelps made the hard, painful, but loving decision to end his loyal partner's suffering. The association says Sergeant Phelps and K9 Ranger were Lifetime members of the CPWDA from January 1, 2004 until Ranger's passing.
The International University Sports Federation (FISU) will make a final decision on the Naples 2019 Summer Universiade Athletes' Village on June 15.
Erik Saintrond, FISU's secretary general, has confirmed the date according to Italian news agency ANSA.
Two options remain on the table with a facility at Mostra d'Oltremare believed to be the preferred choice for organisers.
A second possibility is housing athletes across various venues - including the Agnano Racetrack, cruise ships and hotels.
The plan for Mostra d'Oltremare emerged earlier this month when initial plans to use cruise ships hit a stumbling block.
Naples 2019 extraordinary commissioner Luisa Latella revealed the Italian National Anti-Corruption Authority had informed them not to not enter relations with MSC - the company it had contacted to host the athletes on ships.
It forced the Organising Committee to find a new Athletes' Village venue at short notice, with the event due to run from July 3 to 14 next year.
Latella admitted it would be a challenge to build the Village in time at Mostra d'Oltremare but insisted organisers had the necessary support and backing from stakeholders.
According to ANSA, the proposal would see the Village created in three cemented areas "without any impact on the surrounding architecture or landscaping".
Two options remain on the table for the Athletes' Village ©FISU
The plan includes 2,561 housing units and each athlete would have between seven and eight square metres of personal space.
The second option would return to the cruise ship idea but only 4,000 beds would be based there, with another 3,000 at the racetrack.
There would also be 600 beds at two hotels, one in Fuorigrotta and one in Pozzuoli.
Saintrond hinted to ANSA that the Mostra d'Oltremare would get the nod when FISU's Executive Committee decides on June 15, but he also said cost would be an issue.
"We can't be certain that between ships, Agnano and two hotels there will be the same standard for all the athletes," he said.
"In addition, we recently signed a memorandum of understanding with the International Olympic Committee on the Olympic Agenda 2020 to reduce Organising Committee costs.
"Two of the mainstays of the 2020 Agenda are budget control and legacy."
FISU gave a vote of confidence to organisers after an inspection visit to Naples earlier this month.
The city has had limited time to prepare as they took over the hosting rights from Brasilia, which withdrew as the Universiade venue in January 2015.
The Brazilian capital was unable to meet financial commitments.
× The Last Movie Star
I remember inviting my parents over for dinner, and to watch the screener I had for the Sam Elliot movie The Hero. He is one of my mom's favorite actors (for reasons you can probably guess). I was looking forward to the story of an aging actor dealing with life later in his career. It started off strong, but ended up not going anywhere very satisfying for us.
I started this year off seeing Annette Bening play an aging actress in Film Stars Don't Die in Liverpool, and it was great. Right before that, at the San Diego International Film Festival, they had a screening of a movie called Dog Years (the name has since been changed to The Last Movie Star). It stars Burt Reynolds playing Vic Edwards, in a very biographical story about an aging actor. Writer/director Adam Rifkin was going to do a Q&A afterwards, and that gave me a dilemma. The movie looked good, but I had to go see Blade Runner 2049 to write a review on it the following day. I told my wife we'd watch the first hour of the Reynolds' movie and the go over to the theatre showing Blade Runner. We had time to kill, so why not watch an hour of it. Well, we were so enthralled we decided to skip Blade Runner. When you skip your job to watch a movie, that's a sign you've got something special on your hands.
Critic and Film Festival host Jeffrey Lyons did a terrific Q&A with Rifken. I asked if they tried to get Reynolds' to take off the hair piece (they tried), and what his favorite Reynolds' movies were (answers and stories I'll have when I conduct my own interview with Rifken). Since the movie is finally being released in select theatres, I decided to write a review, hoping to at least steer people to see something they might miss otherwise.
Vic Edwards is an aging movie star that has a huge VE on the fence of his mansion, which reminded me of Elvis Presley's Graceland gate. Although it's safe to say, he doesn't have that type of career. He's not getting work, and his life seems relegated to hanging out with his one friend (Chevy Chase), popping meds, complaining about life, and eyeballing women. He seems fond of his dog, which makes it heartbreaking when he's going to have to put it down (subtle metaphor?)
When he gets invited to the Nashville Film Festival for a lifetime achievement award, he's reluctant to go. His friend encourages him to, telling him it's an honor. And having seen the recipients at the San Diego International Film Festival that have received those honors (Annette Bening, Alan Arkin, Patrick Stewart, etc.), it's a thrill for all involved. What Edwards doesn't realize is, this isn't one of the regular film festivals. This is just a couple of fanboys (one played by the always entertaining Clarke Duke) that have created the festival, and run it in a dive bar. It's more like a film group than an actual festival. That means it's not a limo or Lincoln town car that's picking Edwards up at the airport, but one of the guy's wild child sister (Ariel Winter of Modern Family).
Another example of sharp writing, it's not like Edwards shows up and nobody is there. It reminded me of Steve Buscemi in Ghost World, being a hardcore fan of a blues artist he goes to see, but the guy is playing in a loud bowling alley where other people are there for the beer, not the entertainment. The guys at the “festival” are thrilled to be in the company of greatness, and even the award they give him is cheesy and cheap, but also kind of cool (it's a gold plated film reel, with small lights put inside it).
One of the many terrific things about this movie is how characters, even the smaller ones, are written. Sure, Duke is a bit of a doofus, but he's not a complete idiot. He's somebody that loves movies, and is thrilled to meet his idol. It's also nice that, although Edwards might be considered a joke, a has-been by many…the truth is, out in public people still want a selfie, an autograph, or to tell them about a movie they loved. Sometimes that means Edwards is about to have a heart attack while standing there talking about his career with a stranger, which is both flattering and annoying. It's something that really makes you realize how fans can pester famous folks. Oh, and the direction that scene goes is one of the most joyous things I've seen on screen in years. As a critic that is used to all the usual tropes movies throw at you (and yes, this movie does have a few cliches and cheesy jokes), this was such a well written and executed scene as you'll see.
This movie would've been interesting if it were just Edwards reflecting on the mistakes he made in his career. It's an added plus that the situation with Lil starts to warm up a bit. It's interesting watching an older, wiser person trying to talk some sense into her, whether it's about her boyfriend, or just general advice on life. When she sees him visit his old home, and an old love, it moves her the way it moves us. They take a detour to Knoxville, which is hours away from the festival to do this. These are relationships that often get ruined on screen for me, because they're usually done poorly. Rifkin has a fresh take on it, and his direction works nicely. She certainly could use a father figure, especially when she shows talent as an artist and is in danger of torpedoing her career. [movie fun fact: her artwork was done by the legendary Clive Barker]
When we look at the lines on Edwards' face, it just tears you up. It reminded me of looking at Mickey Rourke in The Wrestler. He appears tired, and we see him walking with the limp as he's returning to the stadium where he once dreamed of being a football star, not an actor. How could you not be moved?
We know about Burt Reynolds' high profile relationships and fast living, but we still like him. It's not like the high profile couples now that we despise. A lot of the current couples, it has to do with being over saturated by seeing them everywhere (magazine covers, TMZ, Entertainment Tonight, etc.). Or the fact that they inevitably tweet something moronic. In the ‘70s, we'd see Burt waltz out on The Tonight Show or Merv Griffin (anybody remembers that show?), and he'd charm the hosts, and the crowd. Heck, it's one of the reasons all those cheesy car movies he did, despite how bad they were, brought a certain amount of fun.
The Last Movie Star is coming out on Blu-ray, DirecTV and in select theatres March 22nd. I suggest you see it. I can almost guarantee it'll be the last time you see him in a film, and it's worth it.
My favorite Burt Reynolds' movies are Deliverance, The Longest Yard, Sharky's Machine, Starting Over (in which he was robbed of an Oscar nomination while the rest of the cast got ‘em), Boogie Nights (in which he was robbed of an Oscar), and now I can add to the list…The Last Movie Star.
4 stars out of 5.
How do you kick off the day after a whirlwind morning of Golden Globes nominations? With a golden glow, of course. InStyle's covergirl, Zendaya, hit the streets of New York City Monday morning as if she was on a catwalk, strutting around the city in five stunning looks in just one day.
After her film, The Greatest Showman, racked up three nominations, she stepped out in a Giuseppe di Morabito gold coat dress, metallic Paul Andrew stilettos heels and palmed a Bieber-Davis gold bag. "My very own GOLDEN GLOBE,” Zendaya's stylist, Law Roach, captioned a shot of her in the golden look on Instagram, which showed her with a fresh makeup glow as well. And that was just the beginning of the starlet's NYC style show.
Mireya Acierto/Getty Images
RELATED: Here's Proof That Zendaya Is the Type to Tell You There's Something in Your Teeth
After wrapping up her appearance on Today, Zendaya brought more pops of color as she slipped into a vibrant, orange, polka-dot Mary Katrantzou dress paired with a matching jacket and Casadei pumps. It was another fitting choice for the press day, given that she was chatting about her role as a trapeze artist in the fantasy flick.
Raymond Hall/Getty Images
For her third morning look, she kept her soft curls swooped to the side and pulled off another bold look effortlessly. This time around, Zendaya strolled along in an off-the-shoulder striped Stella Jean top tucked into a high-waist orange and pink Monkey Art skirt from the brand for her appearance on Live! with Kelly & Ryan. Rather than change up her kicks, she rocked the same Casadei pumps that she did with the second outfit, which complemented this one just as well.
RELATED: 12 of Zendaya's Favorite Things
MediaPunch/Bauer-Griffin/Getty Images
Later on in the day, the actress braved the chilly New York City temps in a sleeveless ensemble. She stepped out in a light blue floral Chloé jumpsuit, which she paired with a light brown leather vest from the designer and coordinating Pierre Hardy heeled booties.
Mireya Acierto/Getty Images
Zendaya finished off her day in a very festive look. Roach styled the star in a shimmering green double-breasted Marni coat, which featured a houndstooth lapel. She finished off the look with black lace-up Casadei boots.
Look 5 Feeling festive in @marni and @casadeiofficial #styledbyLAW #fLAWless A post shared by Law Roach (@luxurylaw) on Dec 11, 2017 at 4:08pm PST
We can't wait to see what this fashionista will wear to the Golden Globes!
LOGAN, Ohio — One match can make all the difference.
The Gallia Academy wrestling team claimed a narrow victory over non-conference host Logan on Thursday at Jim Myers Gymnasium, defeating the Chieftains by a 42-37 count in a dual meet.
The Blue Devils won four matches by pinfall and three more by forfeit.
Gallia Academy's pinfall victories came from junior Kenton Ramsey in the 113-pound matchup, junior Justin Day at 132 pounds, sophomore Bronson Carter in the 138 class, and junior Boo Pullins at 182.
Winning by forfeit for GAHS were seniors Caleb Greenlee (106), Kyle Greenlee (120), and Hunter Terry (285).
In the 160 match for Gallia Academy, Kenny Siders dropped a 9-2 decision, while in the 170 class Andrew Mullins lost a major, 16-4, decision.
GAHS surrendered the the 220 class by forfeit, while Grant Bryan (126), Corbin Walker (145), Austin Peroud (152) and Nickolas Hufford (195) suffered pinfall defeats.
The Blue Devils are set to wrestle again on Wednesday at Meigs.
By Alex Hawley ahawley@aimmediamidwest.com
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
© Getty Images
More than three-quarters of people who answered a poll on the conservative Drudge Report site said that President Trump should fire special counsel Robert Mueller Mueller is currently investigating Russian meddling in the 2016 election and possible collusion between the Trump campaign and the Moscow.The online poll, which was posted on the site on Saturday, had surveyed fewer than 500,000 people on Sunday.The poll comes after Attorney General Jeff Sessions fired FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe over the findings of an internal review that said he provided unauthorized information to the press and was not forthcoming with investigators during the investigation. McCabe said he was fired as an attempt to undermine Mueller's investigation.Trump reportedly tried to fire Mueller last year but took back his order when the White House counsel threatened to quit if he carried it out.On Saturday, he tweeted that the Mueller investigation "should never have been started" and called it a "witch hunt."However, the White House has said Trump does not have plans to fire Mueller. Trump's legal team says they are cooperating with the investigation.
April 24 (UPI) -- A new pain-relieving compound eventually could be as effective as opioid-based drugs, such as morphine and oxycodone, but not carry some of the risks or drawbacks of them, according to research with mice.
University of Michigan researchers found the compound has the same pain-relieving properties as widely-used, and overused, opioid painkillers, but shows the promise of being non-addictive. The findings were presented during the 2018 Experimental Biology meeting this week in San Diego. An abstract of the study has been published ahead of its presentation.
With data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention showing that more than 42,000 Americans die from opioid overdoses each year, the researchers were seeking an alternative to standard pain relievers. With current opioid-centered treatments, patients can develop tolerance, leading to greater doses being necessary to maintain efficacy.
"Our hope is that with our novel opioids, patients would need less of the drug over time, which might put them less at risk for the negative side effects of opioid usage, including addiction, respiratory depression and constipation," research team member Nicholas Griggs, a doctoral candidate in Michigan's Department of Pharmacology, said in a press release.
The researchers chemically modified compounds based on pain-relieving peptides naturally released by neurons. In cultured cells, they worked on compounds that could provide pain relief, reduce addiction and avoid tolerance.
A lead compound was tested in mice. Although it produced pain-relieving effects, it was not effective in tests for reward and dependence, which can lead to addiction and withdrawal.
"We are striving to solve the opioid epidemic by working at the most fundamental problem: the effective treatment of pain," said Tomas Joaquín Fernández, a postbaccalaeureate researcher in Michigan's Department of Pharmacology and Edward F Domino Research Center. "Our work can also provide other researchers with a better understanding of opioid receptors and interactions between receptors, which could be exploited to develop better options for pain management."
The researchers plan to conduct further studies of animal behavior to better explore reductions in tolerance and dependence of the new compound.
Related Coverage Nutcracker ballet a time-honored holiday tradition
NORWALK, Conn. (WTNH) — There's a new theater in the state, have you heard?
The Wall Street Theater is in Norwalk and it's been open for just a few months.
It's housed in a historic building which dates back to 1915. In its infancy, it was called The Regent and it was home to vaudeville.
Since then, the building has had many uses, but now, two people with a dream have made it come alive again after an extensive rehab project which they helped revitalize the city in many ways.
“Over the years, it's been The Norwalk, The Roxy, The Globe, The Marquis and now we just reopened it as The Wall Street Theater,” explained Wall Street Theater President Suzanne Cahill.
Related Content: Nutcracker ballet a time-honored holiday tradition
“It's our hope that we will showcase emerging artists and so when we talk about our live streaming capabilities it works for corporate events and for multi-media theater,” she continued. “It's important that people communicate with us and call us and tell us what they want in the theater.”
“I never would have expected when we were building this project that the first two shows that would sell out would be a Norwalk dance group and a nutcracker,” stated developer Frank Farricker. “…Not the big concerts. Not the things like that, but the kinds of things that are really intrinsic to a community and the more we know and the more we found out, the more that we can do in this place.”
To find out more about this theater, go to www.wallstreettheater.org.
President Prof. Peter Arthur Mutharika arrived Monday afternoon from New York where he attended the 72nd United Nations General Assembly (UNGA).
Briefing members of the media at the Kamuzu International Airport (KIA), President Mutharika said he met a lot of investors and Malawi as a country should expect a lot in terms of investment opportunities.
He said all the meetings that were attended were educative and informative as it also created an opportunity for Malawi to showcase some of the projects the nation is investing on.
For instance, Mutharika said Malawi scored the global star on ending early marriages and fighting HIV and Aids after a documentary featuring senior Chief Kachindamoto and others was shown to the world.
“Malawi is a model after scoring a global star on ending early child marriages and fighting HIV and Aids. This was after a documentary featuring senior Chief Kachindamoto and others was shown to the world that people were able to appreciate what we are doing,” said Mutharika.
The president highlighted that it is now up to Malawians to be positive and be able to appreciate what government is doing than just being bent at fault finding and instead of bringing to the limelight what the nation has achieved.
“We should get away of this negative attitude and embrace positive thinking. We need to change and boost our country. Let us speak positive about our nation and be in line with those that see good in our nation.
He said Malawi is leading on UN Aids and this will continue to project the country on the global scene and allow a lot of investments in the country.
Prof Mutharika then urged journalists in the country to concentrate on positive reporting and put Malawi on the map.
Boulder County is hitting back at Attorney General Cynthia Coffman, who filed suit Tuesday against the county seeking to force its commissioners to lift a moratorium on new oil and gas drilling projects.
“The Attorney General sent a special valentine to the oil and gas industry today by filing a lawsuit against Boulder County,” reads a statement from the county commissioners. “It's a sweetheart deal for the oil and gas industry, but a massive waste of Coloradans' tax dollars for the State to sue us on industry's behalf, and we are prepared to defend our right to safeguard the health, safety, and wellbeing of our constituents.”
Boulder County Attorney Ben Pearlman told The Colorado Statesman on Monday that he is confident the law is on the county's side. He said there is solid precedent in support of local limited-duration moratoria put in place while rules are being formulated. He said the county is continuing the process of formulating and approving drilling regulations to meet the challenge of present-day oil and gas extraction in the region.
He pointed out that county staff is presenting regulations for review at public meetings in March. The Moratorium on new drilling is scheduled to be lifted May 1.
“We still have regulations in place from before the recent large changes in the industry came into place,” he said. “What we're seeing now from the industry is very different. We've also learned more over the last five years about threats to air and water quality related to today's large (drilling) installations.”
Things have clearly changed with the industry.
Boulder County is one of a host of counties on the northern Front Range that has witnessed a drilling boom over the last decade tied to advances in hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, technology that can free up minerals trapped miles deep in shale formations spread under the Colorado foot hills and plains.
Drillers have moved increasingly in from rural areas to ex-urban and suburban neighborhoods in the region. Some companies have come to specialize in setting up rigs in neighborhoods, sometimes near parks, homes and schools. Industrial truck traffic moves over local roads. Well pads that once would have hosted three or four wells now spread out like moon stations, 40 and 50 wells lined up in rows. Fracking towers stretch 125 feet, or 10 storeys, into the air. Drilling can go on nonstop for weeks or months or longer. Stadium-style lights shine through the night. Twenty-foot sound barrier walls block views. Large oil and fluid tanks sit permanently on site. All of which has meant resident complaints pile up.
The result has been a tug of war between local governments on one side and the drilling industry and state officials on the other.
Courts have consistently decided in favor of the industry. Indeed, Coffman has cited a recent state Supreme Court ruling that specifically outlawed local drilling bans put in place by voters.
In a letter sent to the county in January, she demanded Boulder lift its moratorium, the latest in a series of temporary bans on drilling that go back to 2012. “There is reason to suspect the county will continue its pattern of extending its ‘temporary' prohibition,” she wrote. “The county's continuous five-year ban on oil and gas development violates state law.”
Boulder County state and federal lawmakers, all Democrats, have pushed back hard against Coffman, a Republican whom many suspects is readying a run for governor.
“We should all be outraged,” wrote U.S. Rep. Jared Polis in a statement on Tuesday. “The oil and gas industry is more than equipped to bring their own lawsuits, and I suspect they have opted not to sue Boulder County because they know Colorado law allows for a short term fracking moratorium. What the Attorney General has done today is a purely political waste of money, and it is not legally sound,” Polis said. “Cynthia Coffman is wasting taxpayer money trying to force Boulder residents to have fracking near our homes and schools.”
At a packed town hall last week, Boulder state Sen. Steve Fenberg and state Reps. KC Becker and Edie Hooton took turns fielding questions from angry residents.
“Coffman jumped the gun. The county has been following a process,” Fenberg told the crowd. “She knew that. This threatened suit was meant to make a political statement. She's probably getting ready to run for another office, but I think she'll find this topic is not as partisan an issue as it might have once been, that it's not as safe a political topic anymore. People don't want industrial activity sited next to their homes and their kids' schools.”
Boulder County Attorney Pearlman said that pending applications to drill in Boulder include those submitted by Denver-based Extraction Oil and Gas. The company reportedly has submitted plans for several projects that each will host between 40 and 50 wells.
— john@coloradostatesman.com
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Russia is “not fooling anybody anymore” with denials of responsibility over the Salisbury nerve agent attack, Boris Johnson has warned.
The Foreign Secretary accused the Kremlin of “trying to conceal the needle of truth in a haystack of lies and obfuscation”.
The top Tory hit out as chemical weapons inspectors arrived in Britain to collect samples of the Novichok poison unleashed in the attempted assassinations of former double agent Sergei Skripal , 66, and his daughter Yulia, 33.
Officials from the Organisation on the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons met with Porton Down experts and police before retrieving traces of the substance.
(Image: Getty)
Foreign Secretary Mr Johnson blasted Putin's “increasingly absurd” denials over the Salisbury hit.
He said: “At one time they say that they never made Novichok, and at another time they say they did make Novichok, but all the stocks have been destroyed ... but some of them have mysteriously escaped to Sweden, or the Czech Republic, or Slovakia, or the United States, or even ... the United Kingdom.
“I think what people can see is that this is a classic Russian strategy of trying to conceal the needle of truth in a haystack of lies and obfuscation.”
Mr Johnson was speaking at a meeting of EU foreign affairs ministers in Brussels.
He won their “unqualified solidarity” with the UK in hunting down the would-be assassins.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
In a joint statement, the Foreign Affairs Council said: “The European Union is shocked at the offensive use of any military-grade nerve agent, of a type developed by Russia, for the first time on European soil in over 70 years.
“The use of chemical weapons by anyone under any circumstances is completely unacceptable and constitutes a security threat to us all.
“The Union calls on Russia to address urgently the questions raised by the UK and the international community and to provide immediate, full and complete disclosure of its Novichok programme to the OPCW.
“The European Union expresses its unqualified solidarity with the UK and its support, including for the UK's efforts to bring those responsible for this crime to justice.”
The Kremlin retaliated to the kicking out from Britain of 23 Russian spies last week by ordering 23 British diplomats to leave Moscow.
It also banned the British Council arts and language body.
(Image: pixel8000)
Theresa May will host a National Security Council meeting with top spooks and senior ministers on Tuesday as the Government thrashes out its next move.
The Prime Minister faces calls to clamp down on oligarchs and Russian money slushing around London.
Speaking after talks with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in Brussels, Mr Johnson said there were actions that Britain could take with its allies, including “going after the money that has been illicitly and corruptly obtained”.
He added: “That is one of the most important ways forward.
“We have a National Crime Agency, a National Economic Crime Unit, that are looking into this kind of stuff right now but you can only do it in concert with partners around the world.”
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Mr Stoltenberg said the use of a nerve agent represented an “unacceptable breach of international norms and rules”.
“Russia's response so far has demonstrated a clear disregard for international peace and security,” he said.
“We continue to call on Russia to provide a complete disclosure of the Novichok programme to the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons.
“Russia will continue to seek to divide us but NATO allies stand united and we stand in solidarity with the UK.”
Vladimir Putin celebrated his latest landslide victory in a rigged presidential election, winning 76.66% of votes to hand him another six-year term.
(Image: Getty)
Election watch dogs were deployed to Russia amid allegations of widescale vote rigging - and Theresa May dodged congratulating Putin on his victory.
A team from the Organisation for Security Cooperation in Europe's Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights had been deployed on an “election observation mission”, No 10 said.
The Prime Minister's spokesman said: “We will await their assessment before making any comment.”
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Mr Putin used a victory rally to denounce allegations Russia was behind the spy poisoning s “rubbish, drivel, nonsense”.
His aide Andrei Kondrashov even mocked Britain for boosting voter turnout to 67%.
“Thank you, Great Britain, for raising the percentage of voters so unexpectedly high,” he said.
(Image: Getty)
Meanwhile, following reports around the possible exhumation of bodies of other Russians who died in suspicious circumstances, Theresa May said it was a “matter for the police as to whether they feel that there are any previous cases that need to be investigated further”.
The PM added: “What we have seen shows that there is no other conclusion but that the Russian state is culpable for what happened on the streets of Salisbury.”
CLOSE Frank Markert of Dover has had a bottle of champagne in his refrigerator since 1980, when the Eagles first played in a Super Bowl. When they lost, he vowed to keep it in the fridge until they won. Jason Minto/The News Journal/USA TODAY
Buy Photo Leanne Matikonis of Brandywine A Hundred makes her allegiance known at Stanley's Tavern at the start of Super Bowl weekend late Friday afternoon. (Photo: William Bretzger, The News Journal)Buy Photo
Back in 2005, the last time the Eagles reached the Super Bowl and faced off with – who else? – the New England Patriots, Stanley's Tavern in Brandywine A Hundred didn't reach capacity.
This year is much different.
When the Eagles and Patriots kick off Sunday night, Stanley's, one of the area's top Eagles hangouts, will be at its 305-person capacity. Reserved seats for the game sold out earlier in the week.
Friday evening, the bar held a pep rally that featured an appearance by Kevin Reilly, the Wilmington native who played for both the Eagles and Patriots. Radio station WSTW was broadcasting live from the restaurant area, and there were prizes from Al's Sporting Goods and drink specials in the bar.
MORE: For Eagles fans, Sunday is about family, history and a region overdue for football triumph
Reilly, who was wearing his own Eagles jersey, made it clear where his allegiances are come Sunday.
"I played for the Patriots before they started cheating," Reilly said. "I was going to wear my Patriot jersey today, get the boos and take it off and throw it in the trash can. I've been around town today and in Philly. The atmosphere is unbelievable. I don't know what's going to happen if we win this thing.
"This fan base has been waiting forever to win a championship."
MORE: Eagles' Pederson proves doubters wrong; can he do it vs. Belichick?
Reilly said he's been doing some studying of players on both sides, even the kickers. His prediction is 24-14 Eagles.
"We've got more talent than these guys," Reilly said.
Fans packed the inside of Stanley's, and tables were reserved in advance, just like they will be Sunday when former Eagle Bill Bergey will be in attendance to help cheer on the team.
Buy Photo A banner over the bar area confirms the obvious as Eagles fans gather at Stanley's Tavern at the start of Super Bowl weekend late Friday afternoon. (Photo: William Bretzger, The News Journal)
Seated at a table in the restaurant, Charlie Smutz, 50, who lives down the road from the tavern, was so confident that he already took off from work on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday. He predicted a 33-10 Eagles win.
"Not even close," Smutz said. "We're a much better team."
His mother-in-law, Patsy Boys, figured the Birds would win by a 27-20 margin.
Stanley's added seating for Sunday by changing up the setup in its banquet room, which also is christened with new televisions to make the viewing experience better. The Eagles being in the Super Bowl isn't changing the Sunday specials, including the two-for-one chicken wings and rib specials.
Torpey at one point Friday had a dog mask on top of his head. The owner is very confident heading into Sunday.
"Most of the time we have this attitude that you're waiting for the other shoe to drop," Torpey said. "How are they going to break our hearts this time?
"I'm not even questioning whether we're winning or not. I'm convinced."
WHERE TO WATCH: 10 Delaware Super Bowl parties with Eagles beer, pig roasts & more
MORE BIRDS: Take our Eagles-centric Super Bowl quiz
Contact reporter Jeff Neiburg at (302) 983-6772, jneiburg@delawareonline.com or on Twitter @Jeff_Neiburg.
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/2018/02/02/eagles-fans-brace-super-bowl-pep-rally-stanleys-tavern/301582002/
Lately I've been thinking a lot about the Liberian elbow bump.
When Ebola overtook the West African country in 2014, many people were afraid to shake hands and embrace in the customary way. That's understandable, because Ebola is spread by the exchange of bodily fluids during body-to-body contact.
So Liberians came up with a less touchy-feely greeting. They bumped elbows.
The reason I thought of the elbow bump was a comment made by a teacher in a hot yoga class I take. In a room heated to 96 degrees, the students work hard at their poses (and also lift weights and do cardio). (I know, it's wild!) After a strenuous set of exercises, the teacher called out, "High five your neighbor."
And I thought... really? Slap my sweaty and possibly germy palm up against the sweaty and possibly germy palm of a stranger? During a flu season that has been described as "severe."
Wouldn't an elbow bump be less risky?
So I spoke to a couple of experts. And I learned a few things about the way we get infected with colds and viruses. And about the advisability of high-fiving.
Your hands get you in trouble.
"A fact that a lot of people get shocked about is that 80 percent of all cold, flu and upper respiratory infections and diarrheal illnesses are passed along to us by your hands." That's what Dr. Mark Gendreau told me. He's the chief medical officer for Beverly and Addison Gilbert Hospitals in Massachusetts.
What happens is that a large infectious droplet from a cough or a sneeze (or maybe just plain talking or singing) lands on a surface, where it can survive "for up to 24 hours," says Gendreau. Then your hand makes contact. And then you do that thing that humans do 200 times a day or so — you touch your face. "If you introduce enough of the microorganism to your eyes, nose and mouth, you're going to get the infection," he says.
Good luck with not touching your face.
"It's very hard not to do it even if you're telling yourself not to do it," says Gendreau. "It's like in our DNA." I wanted to know why that is, and he said, "I don't think anybody really knows why."
So if you can't stop touching your face, then what?
First of all there is handwashing with sanitizer or soap "at least 15 to 20 seconds," says Gendreau. "The time is of the essence. The goal is to disrupt the cellular membrane of the microorganism [to] kill it."
And drink!
Sorry, I mean water, not booze. "There's a structure in the back of your mouth and nose and top portion of your lungs and trachea called the mucociliary complex, says Gendreau. They're like "little tiny air cells" that beat in an upward fashion nonstop to move stuff out of you. Stuff like germs. "They become less effective if you're dehydrated," he says.
Also perhaps try some North American ginseng and elderberry extract.
"They have really strong science behind them. They rev up your immune system, they have antiviral properties and they're safe," he says.
During an outbreak of the H1N1 swine flu pandemic, he says, the city of Calgary wanted to stockpile Tamiflu ("which is really iffy in terms of effectiveness" says Gendreau). But they couldn't find enough. So they went for ginseng instead. Gendreau cites a study of Canadian nursing home residents. All of them got a flu vaccine; then about 100 of them were given twice daily doses of 200 mL (about .05 teaspoons) of North American ginseng extract and another 100 or so got a placebo. In the ginseng group, there was only one case of respiratory illness versus seven in the non-ginseng group. That's a 90 percent reduction in risk!
As for "elderberry syrup," it was studied in Sweden, where researchers found give a 15 mL dose (about three teaspoons) of syrup four times a day for five days to one group of flu patients and a placebo syrup to another group. The elderberry sippers had relief from their symptoms four days earlier than the others.
Maybe you should worry more about what's in the air than what's on someone's hands.
In a new study in PNAS, Dr. Donald Milton says that he found that maybe those big infectious droplets shed in coughs and sneezes aren't the big problem. The body is pretty good at warding them off, he says. But fine particles of infectious material that people simply breathe out when they're sick "will penetrate deeper in the lung," says Milton, a medical doctor and professor of environmental health at the University of Maryland.
In his study he found that "48 percent of the fine aerosol samples acquired in the absence of coughing had detectable viral RNA." So if you have a fever but aren't coughing or sneezing, maybe you should consider staying home, Milton suggests. He stresses that more research needs to be done about the potential risk posed by these fine particles, "but it has tremendous implications for hospital infection control." Not to mention what's hanging in the air in my yoga class!
As for my high-fiving dilemma...
Gendreau says the riskiest type of person-to-person contact is mouth-to-cheek (so be wary of air kisses and full body hugs). "The bro hug is moderate risk," he says. That's a handshake that leads into a hug with a back pat.
"Handshake or high five is probably mild risk. Palm to palm is slightly riskier than knuckle to knuckle," he says. "Bacteria tend to congregate on the palm."
"I can high five you but you should wash your hands afterward," says Milton.
As for the Liberian elbow exchange: "Smart thing," says Gendreau.
"A very good thing," agrees Milton. "I like elbow bumps."
CAMBRIDGE COUTURIER: In an unconventional fusion of stilettos and sapphires, pumps and pearls, Jimmy Choo has added fine jewelry to his repertoire with Gènavant.
Choo has been working with his godson Reggie Hung on the collection, which was the subject of a one-day exhibition at the Cambridge International Art Gallery on Friday.
He and Hung unveiled a glittering selection of bejeweled shoes — and shoe-inspired jewelry — during the event, which drew clients, friends and family including Choo's daughter Emily.
The shoemaker talked about the importance of craftsmanship and said Gènavant was created to keep the skills of fine jewelry alive.
“The main reason I'm here is for Reggie. The most important thing is the skill and I want to keep supporting the crafts and the craftsmen so they can create more beautiful things,” said Choo.
The shoes and jewelry on display were done purely for the show, and the exhibition is set to travel to London, Milan, Shanghai and Beijing.
The artisanal pieces were meant to evoke grace, peace and elegance, according to Choo. Heels were embellished with rubies, pearls, sapphires and other stones, making for some weighty shoes — with price points to match.
He said prices will range from 1 million pounds to 4 million pounds depending on the jewels used.
There was an array of styles on show: Some of the shoes were meant for wearing, while others had been transformed into accessories — rings, pins and necklaces with small shoe charms. Each of the designs can be tailored for the individual customer.
“We try to make jewelry that is the perfect final touch and won't lose the meaning of the shoes — it complements rather than competes,” said Hung.
Hung's family has been in the jewelry business for four generations, and to him, crafting fine jewelry is a natural act. The only obstacle he said he faced in the design process was figuring out how to support the weight of the jewels on the point of the heel.
Choo continues to make couture shoes for private clients, including the King of Malaysia, lectures on behalf of the British Council at universities around the world, and spends his time championing young designers and students.
“I firmly believe in education, and I want to put my heart into finding potential designers; taking them under my wing and helping them grow. I feel very honored and happy when my protégés receive recognition and opportunities from big companies,” said Choo.
Choo also made it clear that he no longer has any ties with his namesake company, which he left two decades ago and which is now owned by Michael Kors Holdings Ltd.
“Jimmy Choo (the brand) is doing very well, but I have my own separate business. The reason I sold the business is because I needed more time for my family. I remember one time I slept in the workshop for four days. Do I need that kind of life or do I change and give myself a more relaxing lifestyle?” Choo said of his decision.
NEW DELHI: Senior Congress leader P Chidambaram has lashed out at PM Narendra Modi, questioning if the extents to which the BJP is willing to go to ensure it wins the Gujarat elections. Chidambaram took aim at the BJP's decision to bring former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and former Vice President Hamid Ansari into allegations of conspiracy with Pakistan.
Chidambaram's attack on PM Modi is over his comments at election rallies in Gujarat, where he raised questions over an alleged meeting between senior Congress leader and the Pakistani High Commissioner at Mani Shankar Aiyar's residence on December 6.
"The BJP's campaign in Gujarat in the last few days, especially yesterday, has gone beyond bizarre. Should a political party go to any length to win an election? Is winning an election so important that such allegations can be made against a former Prime Minister and a former Vice President?" Chidambaram, a former Union Minister, tweeted on Monday afternoon.
The BJP's campaign in Gujarat in the last few days, especially yesterday, has gone beyond bizarre. Should a political party go to any length to win an election? — P. Chidambaram (@PChidambaram_IN) December 11, 2017
Is winning an election so important that such allegations can be made against a former Prime Minister and a former Vice President? — P. Chidambaram (@PChidambaram_IN) December 11, 2017
BJP leader Subramanian Swamy and Anil Aggarwal had raised the meeting, and alleged that the Congress could be conspiring with Pakistan to ensure the BJP loses the Gujarat election. This was later pick up by PM Modi.
Did Pak Ambassador meet MS Aiyar and three other Congi leaders at MSA residence five days ago on Gujarat strategy? Palace coup in offing? — Subramanian Swamy (@Swamy39) December 9, 2017
The allegations linked the meeting with Aiyar's 'neech' remark, which the BJP and PM Modi have accused of being a casteist slur. However, Aiyar had clarified that he may have misspoken as Hindi is not his mother tongue. He has been suspended by the Congress party.
The conspiracy allegations are the latest slugfest between the Congress and the BJP in what is being touted by some analysts as a close election in Gujarat, PM Modi's home state.
To further add to this controversy, the BJP also picked up on a comment by a former Pakistan Army official, who appealed for Congress's Ahmed Patel to be made chief minister of Gujarat.
We can confirm that two @DallasPD officers have been shot and critically wounded. We will provide updates as we get them. Please pray for our officers and their families. — Dallas Police Dept (@DallasPD) April 24, 2018
A civilian was also shot in this incident. The condition of the civilian is unknown at this time. — Dallas Police Dept (@DallasPD) April 24, 2018
The suspect in a shooting that critically injured two Dallas police officers outside a home improvement store is in custody, police said.Police Chief U. Renee Hall said a store loss-prevention officer also was shot in the incident about 4:15 p.m. outside a Home Depot in northern Dallas.Hall said all three victims are out of surgery, but did not comment on their conditions.Hall said 29-year-old Armando Luis Juarez was taken into custody following a chase. A female passenger in the truck was also arrested, Hall said.Juarez is facing multiple counts of aggravated assault of a police officers and also has an outstanding warrant for felony theft.In a tweet about the shooting Tuesday evening, the Dallas Police Department said the officers were critically wounded."We're asking you to continue praying for our officers," Hall said.The two police officers went to the store to assist an off-duty police officer with taking a man into custody and then the shooting happened.A 29-year-old man is being sought as a person of interest. Hall said the man left the scene in a white pickup truck."I continue to be upset at the lack of respect of our police in this city and in our country," said Mayor Mike Rawlings, who also attended the hospital news conference.In 2016, four Dallas police officers and a transit officer were shot dead by a sniper in an ambush that came toward the end of a peaceful protest over the police killings of black men that had occurred in other cities.
Abby Selhorn and Giana McKeough are undefeated in county championship games . . . and not just in girls lacrosse.
Selhorn, who scored the winner in overtime to lead No. 1 Carle Place over No. 2 Oyster Bay, 10-9, Wednesday night in the Nassau Class D championship game, said their dominance stretches far beyond the lacrosse field.
“Me and Giana, we've never lost a county championship since eighth grade, in any sport,” Selhorn, a junior, said.
That's four field hockey titles, four girls basketball titles and now two lacrosse titles for the Frogs' dynamic duo.
The Frogs' roster is filled with three-sport athletes, and their overall athleticism helped the team overcome a 5-0 deficit when Oyster Bay (7-9) came out firing in the first half.
Five goalscorers lifted the Baymen in their fast start, and the play of Emily Vomvas (10 saves) in the cage kept them going.
But Carle Place (7-6) scored four of the final five goals of the first half, and entered halftime trailing 6-4 after Trinity Reed's free position with 1:38 left before the break.
Enter your email address to subscribe to High School Sports newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Oyster Bay led 9-6 after Michelle Ruzzier's third goal, but McKeough and Selhorn weren't ready for their undefeated streak to end. McKeough scored to make it 9-7, then Emiline Biggin and Reed each scored, tying the score at 9.
Goalkeeper Jen Tumino didn't start but played the entire second half, making eight saves for Carle Place, which plays Suffolk champion Mattituck/Southold in the Long Island Class D championship at 2:30 p.m. Sunday at Islip.
Carle Place had a final look in regulation, but the shot attempt went high and wide. Selhorn took advantage of the Frogs' next quality possession in overtime. She cleared the ball off an Oyster Bay turnover and made a run to the cage. She was met by two defenders, but she rolled and buried a sidearm shot from the right side for the win.
It was just the latest in big-time plays for an athlete who thrives in those situations.
“There are some nerves, but we also don't want to ruin the streak,” she said. “It was a fun game. We like competitive games.”
There's never a layoff for Selhorn and McKeough, who often have little time — if any at all — to transition between sports.
“After field hockey, the next day I had to find my basketball shoes,” McKeough said. “Everything carries over, but I love it. I don't know what I'd do with a break after school.”
All they do is win.
All good things come to an end. On Dec 15, we'll bid farewell to AIM. Thank you to all our users! #AIMemories https://t.co/b6cjR2tSuU pic.twitter.com/V09Fl7EPMx — AIM (@aim) October 6, 2017
America Online Instant Messenger, affectionately known as AIM, will come to an end after 20 years on December 15.Michael Albers, VP of Communications Product at Oath, said in an announcement , "AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed."The messaging program became wildly popular in the late 1990s and early 2000s as more households began owning computers and the internet grew.AIM users will always remember their first screenname, organizing buddy lists and being able to chat with friends at home after school.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool are pondering a summer move for Benfica striker Raul Jimenez.
That is according to Squawka, who say the £22million-rated forward has been identified by the Reds as a potential transfer target for the end of the season.
Jurgen Klopp is keen to strengthen his forward line with Divock Origi and Daniel Sturridge both struggling for regular starting berths.
Jimenez has already netted 18 times this term but the Portuguese outfit are insistent he will not be sold in January.
Klopp: We're annoying title rivals
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Klopp explains what Liverpool have to do to catch Chelsea Share this video Watch Next
Jurgen Klopp has told his title-chasing team the best way to catch Chelsea is to stop fixating on them.
Liverpool stand six points behind the Premier League leaders at 'halftime' in the season, with their manager cheekily suggesting: “Can you imagine how annoying it is when you win 13 games in a row and there is one team only six points behind?!”
Klopp though, believes that worrying about his rivals' record-breaking winning streak is pointless... because the Blues simply can't keep it up, despite their incredible form, writes Mirror Football's David Maddock.
“Of course, it would help if we win 14 games in a row like Chelsea, then we can look at the table again, but life is not like this,” he explained, after beating Man City on Saturday.
“It will not stay like this for Chelsea until the end of the day, and they know it."
Wijnaldum talks up Promes transfer
(Photo: Liverpool FC/Getty)
Georginio Wijnaldum has told close friend Quincy Promes: Come and join me!
Liverpool star Wijnaldum blasted them to a crucial victory over Manchester City at the weekend, and afterwards made no secret of his desire to get his Holland team-mate to Anfield, writes Mirror Football's David Maddock.
Kop boss Jurgen Klopp has long been an admirer of winger Promes and tried to sign him while in charge of Germany's Borussia Dortmund.
Now he is ready to launch a £20million bid to land the Spartak Moscow winger in this transfer window.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Marnie Simpson has suggested newly single Scarlett Moffatt would be the perfect match for her I'm A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! co-star Joel Dommett.
Geordie Shore's Marnie used her Star magazine column to share her surprise at the news I'm A Celebrity winner Scarlett recently split from boyfriend Luke Crodden… and then play matchmaker.
After writing she was “shocked” about the break up, Marnie added: “She's a lovely girl and I hope she's OK as break ups are hard. She's so funny that I think she would be well-suited to a comedian like Joel Dommett, who was in the jungle with her.
“I'd love a night out with her - she seems like a right laugh.”
(Photo: Rex Features)
Scarlett and Luke split in February after a year of dating; it came less than two months after Scarlett was crowned Queen of the Jungle on I'm A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! 2016.
"Scarlett is sad about her break up with Luke but she really hopes they can remain friends," an insider told The Sun .
"It's a positive thing that Scarlett's schedule is so busy at the moment as it will take her mind off the split."
(Photo: Instagram)
Just two months ago, Luke made headlines after an emotional video of him congratulating Scarlett on her I'm A Celebrity win went viral.
Speaking at the time about their relationship, Luke revealed that his girlfriend had changed a lot during her time in the jungle.
"It's fantastic. She sent us a message the second she got back saying she needs to stop doubting herself," he told OK! magazine.
"It was great because I'm part boyfriend, part counsellor. I'm her motivational speaker. Like, you can do this!"
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
(Photo: ITV)
After the split, Scarlett moved back in with her parents.
“She's not going to get over Luke in a day. They had talked about marriage and the future a lot," said an insider.
“Splitting up has been hard for both of them. Scarlett has got an incredibly close group of pals, though, and extremely supportive parents. They are rallying round and really making things easier.”
Interestingly, Scarlett and Joel did speak about relationships during their time in the Australian jungle last year.
The pair shared a relatively deep conversation about love during some down-time in the jungle - with Gogglebox star Scarlett, 26, actually coming off as the wise one.
Encouraging the comedian to open-up about his experiences with women, she assured him that 'coupledom' wasn't all its cracked up to be. And that, sometimes, it's better to be alone.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Joel's career means he struggles with relationships Share this video Watch Next
(Photo: ITV)
"Are you a commitment-phobe?" she asked him, adding: "Not that it matters. You don't need to be with somebody. I've learned that it's also OK to be to your own."
Scarlett's rarely-seen insight came after the handsome hunk admitted he often dated women for three months before "getting scared" and running away.
"This is the first year I haven't got somebody to buy a Christmas present for. I get really scared. I think I may be a commitment-phobe," he confessed.
Later, in the Bush Telegraph, he elaborated saying: “Being in here around all these people who are very happy in their relationships made me evaluate a lot of things and makes me feel a lot about what I want.”
(Photo: Rex Features)
(Photo: Rex)
Analysing him in the Bush Telegraph, Scarlett displayed further emotional intelligence, saying: “He's not short of dates he perhaps picks the wrong girls or when he gets close to someone he gets scared and bins them off.”
Her seemingly new-found wisdom comes weeks after it surfaced that she has her own relationship insecurities when it comes to boyfriend Luke Crodden.
Shortly after her arrival in the jungle, she revealed: "I know that sounds really stupid, but when I got with Luke I was constantly over thinking everything like 'Why are you with me even though you could be with this person or that person? "I know that I'm a bit weird".
In addition to that, it was revealed that wasn't always so rational when it came to love - specifically, that she had her own 'bunny boiler' moment.
(Photo: Rex)
Speaking to the Daily Star , the TV star confessed that during her time at university she cruelly destroyed a former beau's wardrobe when their casual romance hit the skids. Ironically, the unnamed man didn't actually do anything wrong.
“I was going out with a lad at uni for about six months and I think we both realised it wasn't working so we decided to split up," she said. “About a week later he got together with someone else and I was a bit offended so I sold a pair of his shorts on eBay and then I sent him a screenshot of it.
“I also cut up another one of his hoodies and posted it back in pieces through his letterbox. This lad and I laugh about it now because we're still friends, but isn't is weird what break-ups can do to you? I didn't even give him the money for them, so I probably still owe that to him.”
NEW YORK — A 19-year-old Canadian has pleaded guilty to terrorism related charges in the U.S.
The U.S. Justice Department says Abdulrahman El Bahnasawy was one of three people arrested in New York City in connection with an alleged Islamic State-inspired plot more than a year ago.
The plot was revealed Friday after the case was unsealed.
A justice department news release issued Friday says El Bahnasawy, who has been in custody since the FBI arrested him in May 2016, pleaded guilty to terrorism offences and is awaiting sentencing.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alfie Evans has been breathing unassisted and is "still alive" more than 11 hours after his life support was switched off, the toddler's dad says.
Speaking outside Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool this morning, Tom Evans confirmed the terminally ill youngster was still fighting.
He claimed little Alfie had been breathing unassisted for nine hours, and that the 23-month-old's mum, Kate James, was sleeping beside him.
"She feels comfortable with him," he said.
Tom has since taken to social media to confirm his son is "still alive".
Yesterday, the father had said doctors at Alder Hey were refusing to provide Alfie, who has an undiagnosed brain condition, with oxygen.
But that appears to have changed overnight.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Facebook/alfiesarmy)
“Nine hours Alfie has been breathing for, and he's still breathing now," Tom told Good Morning Britain earlier today.
“It's come to a point where his mum is sleeping next to him, she's actually going to sleep."
Tom said it became obvious Alfie was breathing "within a few minutes" of life-support being withdrawn, although doctors re-intervened after he asked them to help.
He claimed doctors re-intervened when he sat them down and said the situation was, in his opinion, becoming "unlawful".
Tom said the tot was then given oxygen and water but urged his son needed "some form of life support in the next couple of hours".
(Image: Daily Mirror)
He said: "I sat down with the doctor, it was a lengthy talk for about 40 minutes and he ended up saying that I'm right, and I was right, I've always been right."
"They say Alfie's suffering. Well look at him now. He's not even on a ventilator and he's not suffering."
Asked what intervention doctors had made, he claimed: "They left him for six hours without food, water and oxygen.
"I felt blessed when they confirmed they were going to give him his water and his oxygen.
"He's now on oxygen. It's not changing his breathing but it's oxygenating his body."
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: Facebook)
"He is still working, he's doing as good as he can," Tom added.
"But we do need him to be supported...in the next hour it's going to be hard but we will need him to be supported in the next hour or two.
"Because he's been doing it for nine hours totally unexpected, the doctors are gobsmacked and I do believe he will need some form of life support in the next couple of hours and I think he ought to be respected and given that."
Posting on the dedicated Alfies Army Official Facebook page this morning, Alfie's mum Kate wrote: “Alfie has been allowed oxygen and water!!
“How amazing is he... no matter what happens he has already proved these doctors wrong... how beautiful does he look.”
She shared a picture of her little boy being cuddled, with no tubes attached to his face.
(Image: Internet Unknown)
Tom later took to Facebook himself, writing: “I faught hard in court for my son because I know what's right!! (sic).
“And look where we are now my son is still ALIVE AFTER OVER 10 horrendous scary heartbreaking hours.”
Tom and Kate, from Liverpool, have fought a bitter legal battle to keep their toddler on life support.
Doctors say Alfie's brain condition is incurable.
The Court of Appeal and the High Court both ordered it was in the toddler's best interests for his life support to be withdrawn.
On Monday afternoon members of Alfie's Army attempted to storm Alder Hey but police officers guarded the entrance.
Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette charged five public officials with involuntary manslaughter on Wednesday in connection to the ongoing Flint water crisis. Those charged include the state's director of Health and Human Services, Nick Lyon.
This latest batch of charges is the fourth linked to the water disaster, which exposed thousands of Flint children to lead-laced water and is linked to an outbreak of Legionnaires' disease that contributed to at least 12 deaths.
As the water catastrophe stretches into its third year, Lyon is the highest-ranking member of Republican Governor Rick Snyder's administration to get ensnarled in the ongoing criminal investigation.
The Detroit Free Press reported that Schuette has no plans to charge Snyder, who has faced calls to resign. However, Schuette noted that “we have attempted to interview the governor,” but “we were not successful.”
Turning water into crime
The crisis began in 2014, when state-appointed emergency managers switched the town's water supply in order to save money. Flint was paying Detroit to pipe in treated water sourced from Lake Huron and the Detroit River. Emergency managers switched to using Flint River water instead. But they did not ensure that the water was treated properly with chemicals to prevent corrosion in aging plumbing. As such, lead and other metals leached from piping into the water supply.
Further Reading After key donations, GOP tried to keep poisoned kids from suing lead makers Lead is a neurotoxin and, in children, can cause profound and permanent effects on the brain and central nervous system that lead to decreased intelligence and impaired neurobehavioral development.
Additionally, research suggests that the corrosion interfered with disinfectants in the water and released iron and other bacterial nutrients, promoting the growth of Legionella bacteria. Researchers have since found high levels of Legionella in Flint water. If the waterborne bacteria are aerosolized—say, in the mist of a hot shower, humidifier, or water cooler—and inhaled, they can cause a life-threatening type of pneumonia called Legionnaires' disease (named after a 1976 outbreak at an American Legion convention).
Flint experienced an outbreak of Legionnaires' disease following the water switch, with a case count now around 100. Genetic testing has reportedly linked Legionella strains found in city water and those in patients with the disease.
Today's charges
Wednesday's involuntary manslaughter chargers related to the death of Robert Skidmore, who died of Legionnaires' disease in 2015 at the age of 85.
According to the charging documents, Lyon knew about the outbreak in early 2015 but waited a year to notify the public. That was too late for Skidmore.
The documents allege that Lyon “willfully disregarded the deadly nature of the Legionnaires' disease outbreak.” He was quoted as saying that he “can't save everyone,” and “everyone has to die of something.” Involuntary manslaughter is a felony punishable by up to 15 years in prison.
Lyon is also charged with misconduct in office for allegedly obstructing university researchers from studying the outbreak. This is also a felony, punishable by up to five years in prison.
The other officials charged with manslaughter are:
Darnell Earley, the former Flint emergency manager
Howard Croft, former City of Flint Water Department manager
Liane Shekter-Smith, Michigan Department of Environmental Quality's Drinking Water chief
Stephen Busch, water supervisor
On Wednesday, Attorney General Bill Schuette also charged Eden Wells with obstruction of justice and lying to an investigator. Wells, the chief medical executive of the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services, allegedly lied about when she learned of the outbreak, saying she learned later than she allegedly did.
Schuette told reporters Wednesday that “the health crisis in Flint has created a trust crisis for Michigan government, exposing a serious lack of confidence in leaders who accept responsibility and solve problems.” The new charges are presumably actions meant to help reinstate trust.
In a statement today, Governor Snyder responded by saying:
The kingdom's criticism comes on the eve of a meeting between Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and US President Donald Trump, an ardent opponent of the nuclear agreement with Iran.
"Our view of the nuclear deal is that it's a flawed agreement," Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir told journalists in Washington.
In the interview with CBS, Prince Mohammad bin Salman elaborated on the Iranian issue, labelling the Islamic country's role in the region as "harmful." Though acknowledging that Iran could by no means rival the kingdom in terms of military and economy, he mentioned that should it seriously embark on a nuclear program, the Saudis would promptly follow suit. In addition, he drew parallels between Iran's Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and Hitler, adding he is "the new" Hitler in the Middle East, similarly interested in expansion.
READ MORE: Saudi Crown Prince: If Iran Develops Nuclear Bomb, 'We Will Follow Suit ASAP'
© AP Photo/ Iranian Presidency Office Iranian President Rouhani Urges Saudi Arabia and Allies to Stop 'Blame Game'
In response, Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qassemi called the Crown Prince a "delusional, naïve person."
The two major powers in the Middle East, Saudi Arabia and Iran, have been longtime rivals for dominance in the region and have supported opposite sides in the conflicts in Syria and Yemen. Relations between the two countries have further deteriorated in the wake of the Yemeni Houthi rebels' missile launch targeting Riyadh, with the latter accusing Tehran of providing the rebels with weapons; the Islamic Republic's authorities have vehemently denied the allegations.
READ MORE: Saudi Crown Prince Slams Iranian Supreme Leader as 'New Hitler of Middle East'
In January 2016, Saudi Arabia cut ties with Iran following protests in front of its embassy in Tehran after the execution of a Saudi cleric. In December 2017, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani named two conditions to restore "good relations" between the two countries, saying that Riyadh should "stop the misguided friendship with Israel and the inhumane bombardment of Yemen."
Facebook has put in place new verification requirements for political advertisements. Aiming to increase transparency for campaigns, users will now be able to see who paid for sponsored ads, how much it costs, and who it is targeting.
Similar changes are coming to Twitter.
Plus: Secret Alexa recordings? Here's how you can protect your privacy.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Business leaders say ambitious plans for a new £85m science park will help Yorkshire become a world pioneer in the technology sector to rival some of the leading locations already established in the UK.
Approval has been given by Harrogate Borough Council for outline plans, submitted by Addison Planning on behalf of Forward Investment, for a 100-acre development which could generate up to 3,000 jobs for the region and challenge industry leaders in the South.
The masterplan shows 580,000 square feet of commercial floorspace at the site at Flaxby, near Harrogate, made up of research and development and hi-tech business units. Mark Goldstone, the head of policy at West and North Yorkshire Chamber of Commerce, claimed developments such as Flaxby Green Park will help talent in the region reach its full potential.
He said: “A lot has been going on quietly in Yorkshire but we are ambitious and need to shout that we are here to the global market, especially as we look to leave Europe. Let us get some recognition for the talent in this region, areas like Cambridge are recognised as a ‘hot bed' of digital talent.
“Other places may have big names but we have a huge number of innovative and growing companies here, they just need spaces in order to become as well known themselves.”
Bolstered by universities in Leeds, York and Bradford, developments such as Flaxby could aid the spread of skilled jobs. Areas without the draw of a university will also benefit as opportunities for the younger workers will be created locally, according to Mr Goldstone.
The chairman of Harrogate Borough Council's planning committee meeting, Coun John Mann, said: “The proposal received unanimous approval as we thought it was an excellent plan for the jobs it will bring. There is a currently a shortage of economic land for firms to use in the area and these 100 acres will be a viable addition for this.”
He added: “By attracting bio-science and tech jobs to the area it will help create a good mix of jobs in the district and we hope it will be a catalyst for high-tech industry in the district.”
Forward Investment's property consultant, Rupert Visick, claimed that the proposed development would attract “credible investment” attracted by both the science park and the promise of North Yorkshire's quality of life.
He added: “It is very hard to combat ‘brain-drain' without a credible location for jobs to be created. The younger work force now will have a real opportunity to remain and work locally.
Marcia Love
Mayerthorpe Freelancer
Project and budget deliberations continued in the Town of Mayerthorpe's council chambers on Dec. 6, with council discussing what projects should be prioritized for the future.
The Project Plan Projection was created to support council's 2018 to 2021 strategic goals and includes projects anticipated to carry forward from the previous year. It also outlines major projects slated for the next 25 years, which are mainly comprised of infrastructure replacement and studies.
After council's Nov. 29 budget discussions, several changes were made to the 2018 draft Project Plan Projection.
This included the skateboard park project being moved to 2019, as well as the 50A Street paving and fountain revitalization project.
The Economic Development Project “Local Business Training Session Series” was reduced to $20,000, along with the applicable reduction to the Community and Regional Economic Support (CARES) grant and Lac Ste. Anne County (LSAC) contribution.
The Town has $128,500 from capital and operating reserves earmarked for improvements within the Town Office in 2018. This includes projects such as replacing two furnaces, replacing the server and UPS backup, a new phone system and replacing carpet in the library.
Fire protective services has $157,000 tentatively reserved for upgrades in 2018, comprised of $147,000 to be used for vegetation/fuel management and another $10,000 for breathing apparatus upgrades. In the next three to five years, $500,000 is in the plan for a new fire engine. Long-term planning includes a new fire hall in 16 to 25 years to the tune of $5 million.
For public works, $1.2 million is being carried forward from 2017 for water systems-related work — mainly the water treatment plant upgrade.
Under road and sidewalk work, $239,734 is being carried forward from 2017, topped up with an additional $155,703 proposed in 2018.
Just over $48,000 is being carried forward for economic development. Another $88,500 is proposed for 2018, with priority projects including an agricultural sector study at $30,000 (25 per cent from LSAC, 50 per cent from CARES), $20,000 for a local business training series (25 per cent from LSAC, 50 per cent from CARES), $25,000 to refresh the town branding and marketing slogan and website development, and $10,000 for a Main Street Re-development Plan/Study.
The Town's project plan and budget discussions will continue on Dec. 13 at 7 p.m.
By The Associated Press
On Dec. 12, 1967, Brian Jones of the Rolling Stones successfully appealed his nine-month jail sentence for a drug conviction. He was placed on probation instead.
In 1968, “The Rolling Stones Rock and Roll Circus” was filmed in London, featuring the Stones, Eric Clapton, John Lennon and The Who. It remained unreleased for 28 years.
In 1974, the Rolling Stones announced guitarist Mick Taylor had left the band. That same day, the band began work on the “Black and Blue” album.
In 1975, singer-guitarist Tommy Shaw joined Styx, replacing guitarist John Curulewski. Shaw's first concert with the band was four days later in Zanesville, Ohio.
Advertisement
In 1990, comedian Robin Williams got a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
In 1991, actor Richard Gere and model Cindy Crawford eloped in Las Vegas. They have since divorced.
In 1997, Autumn Jackson, who tried to blackmail Bill Cosby by claiming he was her father, was sentenced to two years in prison.
In 2001, actress Winona Ryder was arrested for shoplifting more than $5,000 worth of merchandise from a department store in Beverly Hills, California.
Also in 2001, actress Ashley Judd married racing driver Dario Franchitti in Scotland.
In 2003, Mick Jagger was knighted by Prince Charles.
Today's birthdays: Game show host Bob Barker is 94. Singer Connie Francis is 80. Singer Dionne Warwick is 77. Singer-guitarist Dickey Betts (Allman Brothers) is 74. Actor Wings Hauser is 70. Actor Bill Nighy (NY) (“Pirates of the Caribbean”) is 68. Actor Duane Chase (“The Sound of Music”) is 67. Actress Cathy Rigby is 65. Singer-percussionist Sheila E. is 60. Actress Sheree J. Wilson (“Walker, Texas Ranger,” ”Dallas”) is 59. Guitarist Eric Schenkman of Spin Doctors is 54. Bassist Nicholas Dimichino of Nine Days is 50. Actress Jennifer Connelly is 47. Actress Madchen Amick (“My Own Worst Enemy,” ”Twin Peaks”) is 47. Actress Regina Hall is 47. Actress Mayim Bialik (“The Big Bang Theory,” ”Blossom”) is 42. Actor Lucas Hedges (“Manchester By The Sea”) is 21. Actress Sky Katz (“Raven's Home”) is 13.
After launching the Honor V10 and 7X at an event in London just last week, Huawei's sub-brand Honor seems to have some more devices in its pipeline for the year 2017. The company is gearing up to launch something new in the market.
Well, Honor has now started sending media invites for a new smartphone launch event. As per the invite, the event is scheduled for December 13. Apart from the date, the invite doesn't explicitly state what product the company is launching. However, there are some hints that suggest what smartphone it could be.
As per speculations, the upcoming handset is supposedly Honor Magic 2 and the event is for this smartphone. On analyzing the teaser, we can see that there is big "4" in the background of the image. We have already seen 4 cameras on devices like the Honor 9i and others, but it doesn't necessarily mean that the upcoming smartphone will also have the same features.
Besides, if you recall Honor Magic, a concept device that never made it outside of China features uniquely designed curved edges. So the number in the teaser might be a hint to that meaning 4 curves. And also, Honor Magic got a discount of 1000 Yuan just a week back. If it is the Honor Magic 2 it will be the successor to Honor Magic.
We will leave the guessing to you as well. Do let us know what you think and what Honor is planning to launch on December 13. As for us if the device is Honor Magic 2, we are hoping that the device will not be a China exclusive this time as well.
Via
Here's to warm weather, backyard BBQ's and bathing suits that make you feel confident AF.
Ah, the one-piece bathing suit.
Admittedly, I wasn't an early (re)adopter of the one-piece swimsuit trend. Were you?
… Regardless, summer is right around the corner (at last!) and I couldn't be happier that this classic swim style found its way into my wardrobe.
I wore this outfit on my first day in Miami late last month — and I must say, it felt really good slipping back into a bathing suit this year. Gimme dat vitamin D, ASAP!
Anywho:
The brand (of the suit) is Peixoto, and I found them online during a wine-fueled vacation haul awhile back. They make a ton of cute swimwear (including cover ups!) but the ‘Sophia' one piece that I'm wearing is by far my favorite — it fits like a glove and can be tied based on your desired fit.
… And my girls, you have to see the back!
Back to Miami:
I'd flown down to Florida (for my bestie's bachelorette party) a day early — arriving before the other gals in my group. I'd never been to Miami, so I wanted a little time to explore.
Since I had the entire day ahead of me and I wasn't sure whether I was ultimately planning to plant my ass on a beach, the boardwalk or a bar stool, I threw on this sleek black number with some cute summer accessories (cover-up, hat, sandals, tote) and just decided to see where I'd end up.
For most of the day, I ended up walking along the waterfront — and if you've seen the ocean-front hotels in South Beach, you know why. They all have color-coordinated umbrella set-ups — like out of a freakin' movie! It's so much fun to look at (and fineeee — fun to Instagram, yes).
This beachy boater hat is cute as hell, but it was primarily to hide my early morning, pre-shower plane main… Bedhead AF!
I've been super into one-piece swimsuits this season, but not just poolside. They give you great coverage and make it easy to participate in just about any outdoor activity, but more notably (for me), they double as a killer bodysuit.
YASSSS!
//
I packed a few suits for my weekend at Coachella and ended up wearing this style on more than one occasion — each time with loose-fit, distressed denim shorts. It was a perfect fit with the heat.
I also packed this piece (under $100), which was actually my one-piece swimsuit “gateway drug” a few seasons ago. (It's held up really well, for what it's worth.)
Bathing suit season can be a little daunting for all of us, and I know the thought of trying on swimsuits is less than desirable… I'm right here with you on that.
And as a result, I usually order all of mine online — more often than not from Revolve and Shopbop, since they have free shipping and returns. And that's a MUST!
Since there's so many cute one-piece swimsuit styles right now (an overwhelming amount, actually), I did some browsing and linked a handful of my favorites for you below — most are right around $100.
Click below to browse or buy:
*CLICK TO SHOP | ONE-PIECE SWIMSUITS:
ALL BLACK
Turn on your JavaScript to view content
My favorites: ViX Swimwear (lace-up back), $210 | Karla Otto (back-less), $221
BECCA (cut-out), $118 | Norma Kamali (high-neck), $90
PRINTS & PATTERN
Turn on your JavaScript to view content
My favorites: Elmar, $325 (cut-out/splurge) | Splendid (striped), $108
//
*In this post:
Clothing
Cut-out bathing suit: Peixoto
White lace cover-up: L'Space
Straw boater hat: Hinge (under $20)
Nude sandals: Splendid LA (under $100 in three colors)
Straw beach bag: Hat Attack (similar styles here)
Beauty
Foundation: bareMinerals Complexion Rescue in ‘Beige Natural'
Lip color: NARS satin lip pencil in ‘Rikugien‘
///
Luccia Lowenthal Photography
New Delhi: Sanjay Leela Bhansali's latest period drama 'Padmaavat' is gathering rave reviews and massive words of appreciation from all corners of the globe. And the latest celebrity to come out and praise the movie is none other but Shah Rukh Khan himself.
The 'Badshaah' of Bollywood recently hailed Bhansali's 'Padmaavat' and called it a 'very good movie'.
Shah Rukh, who is known to interact with his fans often on social media, had conducted a #AskSRK session recently. The Twitterati was seen asking various questions to the star when Ranveer Singh too utilised the opportunity to communicate with the 'Raees' actor.
Ranveer, in a tweet, addressed Shah Rukh as 'Bhai' and said he is waiting anxiously for the latter to watch his recent release 'Padmaavat'.
To this, Shah Rukh, who has previously worked with Bhansali in 'Devdas' and shares a good bond with him, replied with some amazing words. Shah Rukh also gave his opinion on the movie in his unique style saying, "So sorry didn't realise it was u, cos now u r Khilji for me. Bahut acchhi picture hai bhai..I saw it and loved it."
It is to be noted that Shah Rukh had initially missed Ranveer's tweet as he apparently did not recognise him. However, hours later, when he noticed the tweet, he made it up for it with his lovely words.
Both Ranveer and Shah Rukh Khan share a great camaraderie and their bromance has been seen several times on the micro-blogging site. And after Shah Rukh's praise, the 'Gunday' actor must be on a cloud nine.
Meanwhile, 'Padmaavat' also starring Shahid Kapoor and Deepika Padukone in pivotal roles is doing wonderful business. Despite being a controversial one, the film has so far managed to collect over Rs 160 cr at the Box Office.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jordan Pickford was England's hero as his penalty heroics put the Three Lions just three games from World Cup glory.
Pickford, who had made a stunning save in normal time, kept out Carlos Bacca's penalty before Eric Dier stepped up to win it.
The Everton goalkeeper has been lauded since the victory in Moscow - and will now hope to help England all the way in Russia.
Pickford's rise in just six years has been staggering and if England do win the World Cup, would be a story Hollywood scriptwriter's would love.
And if there is a biopic for football coming home, Pickford has an offer to play him...from This is England's Thomas Turgoose.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: AFP)
The 26-year-old shot to stardom at the age of 13 when he played lead character Sean in the 2006 film written by Shane Meadows.
The BAFTA-winning film centres on young skinheads in England and has been followed up with three separate series.
Turgoose took to social media to ask Pickford if he could play him, although the Everton stopper is yet to reply.
(Image: Publicity Picture)
(Image: Channel 4)
Pickford's international teammate Jamie Vardy has also made a stunning rise from non-league with Hollywood producers planning a movie about his life.
The script has not yet been finished but was put into action following Leicester's shock Premier League title win.
Chicago police are looking for a man they have been inappropriately touched himself in front of and exposing himself to a juvenile in the city's Roger's Park neighborhood.Police said between 7:30 and 8:30 a.m. Friday, Oct. 6, a girl was walking past the front door of a building in the 1900-block of West Fargo when the suspect was standing behind the glass. Police said the suspect stared directly at the girl, pulled his pants down and exposed himself.In a separate incident, police said the suspect made eye contact with the victim and then began touching himself inappropriately inside his pants.The suspect is described as a white male, 20 to 30 years old, between 5 ft. 10 in. and 6 feet tall, 170-200 lbs., with short light brown hair and a light complexion. Police said he was described as wearing a white or light gray t-shirt and black shorts.If you have any information about these incidents, contact Area North Detectives at 312-744-8261.
1:08
Another state softball title and 30 wins makes Keller ace Star-Telegram player of the year
Several Black celebrities are using their power to help kids see the highly anticipated Black Panther.
The film is already being hailed as a magical affair for Black folks, depicting strong representations of African Americans. Though the Marvel film is based on a fictional comic series, the characters possess a lot of qualities that are relatable to real-life people. The women in Black Panther's world, known as Wakanda, are strong and complex. The men are known as kings and warriors.
Many activists and celebrities recognize that these themes are powerful for Black folks. They know that this film provides a chance for people of color to see themselves on screen through the lens of the characters. (Sidenote: Black Panther presales have broken records!).
New York resident Frederick Joseph was all about those powerful themes when he set up a GoFundMe to bring a group of Harlem schoolchildren to a Black Panther screening. Here are the famous folks who are supporting his nationwide #BlackPantherChallenge ahead of the film's release on February 16:
Octavia Spencer
The Help actress is on a personal mission to help make BP for the kids.
“I will be in [Mississippi] when this movie opens. I think I will buy out a theatre in an underserved community there to ensure that all our brown children can see themselves as a superhero. I will let you know where and when Mississippi. Stay tuned. #KingsAndQueensWillRise,” Spencer recently wrote on Instagram.
Jemele Hill
Hill has partnered with the Detroit Free Press, and one of the paper's columnists, Rochelle Riley, as well as the Detroit Lions, to take more than 200 students who have perfect school attendance this year to see Black Panther. Hill, who is a Detroit native and former writer for the Detroit Free Press, took to Twitter to ask for help for her BP effort. She tweeted at the likes of Big Sean and Jalen Rose before the Detroit paper joined her effort. Nice!
I wish I had time to do it myself but if there is anyone in Detroit trying to take kids in underserved communities to see Black Panther, holla at me. — Jemele Hill (@jemelehill) January 30, 2018
Would also love @JalenRose @BigSean @Eminem @realchriswebber to join me and making sure kids from our neighborhoods see Black Panther. We can do this. — Jemele Hill (@jemelehill) January 30, 2018
Titus O'Neil
WWE star Thaddeus “Titus O'Neil” Bullard wants to take 500 young kids in Tampa Bay, Florida to see the Marvel film, which stars Chadwick Boseman, Lupita Nyong'o, Michael B. Jordan, Angela Bassett and more. Titus, a former Gators defensive end and philanthropist, is focused on the Tampa Bay area in participating in the #BlackPantherChallenge, which is turning into a nationwide movement to raise money for kids to see the movie.
“I'm 40 years old and I've never seen a Marvel character that looked like me, as an African-American male,” Bullard said to the Tampa Bay Times. “This will be the first time I've seen a superhero on screen that looks like me and I want kids to not only be able to see superheroes on the screen but also to view themselves as superheroes.”
Honorable Mention: Little Miss Flint
Folks should remember Mari Copeny, a.k.a. Little Miss Flint, the 10-year-old activist who called out Trump for not helping with the Flint Water Crisis. She and her cousin, Felicia Copeny, are helping kids in Flint to see the film by raising money on GoFundMe. They have already exceeded their $5,000 goal with raising $6, 492 as of February 1.
“This campaign is a part of the #BlackPantherChallenge,” Felicia Copeny wrote. “[I]t is so important that marginalized children see a representation of themselves, especially in a city like Flint, Michigan where the kids only see themselves in the media as victims of our cities water crisis.”
SEE ALSO:
Not Today, Satan: Black Trump Supporter Attacks The Congressional Black Caucus
Photo Of Black Women ‘Worshiping' White Woman Stirs Racial Controversy On Instagram
Paul Burrell claims the Queen eats her bananas with a knife and fork
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Paul Burrell has revealed that the Queen has a very unusual way of eating a banana.
Appearing on ITV's Through the Keyhole, the former royal butler claimed the Queen eats bananas with cutlery.
The former I'm A Celebrity contestant explained how HRH Elizabeth II uses a KNIFE and FORK to eat the fruit in company.
She politely slices each end of the fruit before peeling and eating it.
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
“To eat a banana properly in society or at a dinner party…this is how the Queen does it,” said Burrell, cutting a banana on a plate.
“You split open the belly – some people eat it like a monkey, of course – then you cut it up into small bite size pieces and then you eat it, with your knife and fork.”
But TV presenter Steve Jones accused Paul of telling porkies.
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
“That's absurd! I don't believe it!” he said.
Paul, who wrote a tell-all book on the royals, told the audience: “I was a lucky guy who got to look after two of the most incredible, unique, inspirational women of our times – The Queen and Princess Diana and I'm proud of that.”
Keith Lemon showed viewers around Paul's Cheshire mansion on the show.
Rangers GM Jon Daniels on Sam Dyson, Keone Kela
Rangers general manager Jon Daniels said Sam Dyson's time on the disabled list will give him a chance to regroup but said Dyson's stuff is still good (Video by Stefan Stevenson).
CHICAGO (AP) — The Baltimore Orioles placed slugging first baseman Chris Davis on the 10-day disabled list because of a strained right oblique on Wednesday.
Manager Buck Showalter said Davis had trouble sleeping Tuesday night and likely won't begin any treatment for a few days. Davis left Monday's loss to the Chicago White Sox after hitting a fly to right with the bases loaded in the third inning. He is batting .226 with 14 homers and 26 RBIs.
The Orioles also selected infielder David Washington's contract from Triple-A Norfolk and transferred outfielder Anthony Santander from the 10-day to the 60-day DL because of a strained right forearm.
A female Lyft driver was violently attacked over a parking spot in Santa Ana, Calif. and the onslaught was captured on camera.The confrontation happened at the Arco gas station near the intersection of Main Street and MacArthur Boulevard at about 11 a.m. on Friday.Santa Ana police said the incident started over an argument about a parking space.According to the victim, identified by ABC Los Angeles as Terri, she was confronted by a man who complained about how she parked at the gas station."I accidentally parked a little crooked and I didn't realize it at the time that I was parked so crooked and this man came up to the front of my car, to the front hood and started yelling," Terri recalled.Terri, who was driving for Lyft at the time and had a passenger with her, said she apologized and moved her car. But she said the man continued to yelling and her passenger went into the gas station to get help.That's when Terri said she started recording video on her cellphone.In the video, the suspect was seen reversing a red two-door Honda into the parking space next to the woman."This guy is really starting problems," Terri could be heard saying in the recording."You want to tape me," the suspect is heard stating as he aggressively walked toward Terri. "Are you videoing me?"In the video, the man can be seen punching Terri and throwing her to the ground as she pleads for the suspect to stop.Terri said she was punched several times and that the suspect even knocked out one of her teeth.She said she had no idea why the man became so violent and attacked her."I've never even seen this guy before," Terri said. "It was really scary."Detectives stated they were investigating the attack and were looking into surveillance video from the gas station.
By The Associated Press
MILWAUKEE (AP) — Federal prosecutors allege a Turkish businessman helped illegally route Wisconsin-made outboard engines and boat generators to the Iranian navy.
Forty-year-old Resit Tavan of Istanbul appeared in U.S. District Court in Milwaukee Monday. Tavan was arrested in Romania in June on an international warrant.
Tavan, his Turkish company and a manager there are accused of conspiring to defraud the U.S. and to smuggle American-made products to Iran.
The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reports the indictment alleges they failed to obtain the special licenses needed to get around trade embargoes against Iran in place since 1995. Instead, the defendants allegedly negotiated the export of the engines and generators to Turkey, then re-exported them to Iran.
Advertisement
Tavan's attorney, Nejla Lane, told The Associated Press her client pleaded not guilty and will fight the charges.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A girl repeatedly punched and kicked another young woman in the head during a horrifying attack as the victim pleaded for her to stop.
Sickening footage has surfaced showing the assault, which is believed to have been filmed in Kilwinning in North Ayrshire earlier this year.
The victim is seen begging: "Please stop".
The video was posted to YouTube with the caption: "Scotland girls #kilwinning fight."
A crowd is heard cheering the aggressor on, including a male voice shouting: "Kick her in the face."
The 50 second clip begins with two girls holding on to each other by the hair and turning around in a circle.
(Image: Deadline News)
(Image: Deadline News)
The blonde girl, wearing a hoodie and blue jeans, pushes her victim up against the wall and starts violently thumping her in the face. She continues to pummel her so violently that the impact can be heard in the video.
Disturbingly, the dark-haired girl falls to the floor, hoping that will bring an end to the attack, but the blonde continues to thrash at her face.
While the girl is on the floor, the blonde fighter lifts her knee and smashes it into her face.
The blonde continues to brutally punch the dark-haired girl in the face, who can be heard shrieking in pain and shouting: “Stop, stop.”
(Image: Deadline News)
(Image: Deadline News)
However, her screams do nothing to stop her attacker who continues to pummel the defenceless girl on the ground.
The dark-haired girl tries to lie down to protect her face, but the blonde still has a grip on her hair and leans in to taunt her, screaming: “You're not so f ****** hard now are you?"
The clips end with two girls running towards the pair, apparently to break up the fight.
A second video, uploaded on September 8 to the same channel, shows what appears to be two teenage girls fighting in a park.
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
3:13 Dalworthington Gardens mayor responds to questions about Bill Waybourn
1:08 Man opens fire at DC pizzeria over fake news story
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — A federal appeals court has been asked to allow a class-action lawsuit against the Veterans Affairs Department by veterans who say they became ill from radiation exposure after responding to a 1966 accident involving U.S. hydrogen bombs in Spain.
Yale Law School students in Connecticut filed the request Monday with the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims on behalf of veterans who sought disability benefits from the VA but were denied.
The students represent Air Force veteran Victor Skaar, of Nixa, Missouri, and want to expand the lawsuit to include other veterans.
VA officials did not immediately return messages Monday.
Radioactive plutonium was released near Palomares, Spain, in January 1966, after a U.S. B-52 bomber and refueling plane crashed. Four hydrogen bombs crashed, but there were no nuclear explosions.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
New trend in yoga is proving popular at O'Keefe Ranch
Sylvie Richard makes a new friend as she takes part in a Yoga with Goats class at O'Keefe Ranch Saturday. Five goats wander around while the class moves through different poses. (Lisa VanderVelde/Morning Star)
After nearly two decades of making stylish bags for women, the brand will introduce bags for men within the next year, founders Monica Zwirner and Lucy Wallace Eustice tell Cheddar.
OV IN THE TRAIL: Outdoor Voices' decision to venture into running apparel was a natural extension for company founder Tyler Haney. The entrepreneur, who also serves as chief executive officer, is a runner. But rather than introduce the run-of-the-mill singlet and side-slit shorts, Haney drummed up a more unusual idea.
Before the collection lands in Outdoor Voices stores and its e-commerce site Wednesday, shoppers can check out the OV Trail Shop today. By downloading the OV Trail Shop app, consumers can figure out where the nearest Trail Shop is to find the new running collection. The augmented reality shopping experience enables them to check out the seams, textures and finishing touches of the items. The items will be on the Trail Shop for a week, but shoppers in 22 cities only have Tuesday to get to the closest Trail Shop in the area. In total, there will be 50 locations to get first dibs on the brand's debut running collection, which includes a collaboration with Hoka One One. Select locations will have more than one, as is the case with New York City, which has three. To ensure there is no wandering downside streets, a map will guide users to the exact location.
In addition to OV's take on the $140 Hoka Clifton 4 sneaker, shoppers will find the LightSpeed skort, EcoMesh tank, tri-colored chevron leggings and other items retailing from $40 to $70. The game plan is to get people outdoor “doing things.” The founder's own athletic skills include years of hiking and multiple other sports — but first and foremost, she wanted to create a brand about activity but not performance. For Outdoor Voices, “the future of athletics is not about being there first, but being there frequently,” she told WWD in December. By encouraging shoppers to swing by, hang out and suit up in its stores, the company has made its stores a clubhouse for activities, Haney said last year.
Xiaomi appears to be geared up to foray into the US market next year. This has been revealed by the company's senior vice president Wang Xiang in an interview with Reuters. He stated, "Next year we hope we can do something there." He clarified that they are in talks with the US carriers and there is some way to go before the company can establish a presence in the market.
Xiaomi is holding a strong presence in its home market China. It has also expanded into other key global markets such as India and some European markets. The major focus of the company is to offer budget smartphones at disruptive pricing. With this strategy, Xiaomi has come the top smartphone brand in India.
Challenging market
Going by the volume, the US market is the world's third largest smartphone market. Eventually, it is important for any brand to be present in the market. But there is a major challenge associated with the same.
In addition to being the third largest smartphone market, the US is also the most developed one in the world. It is driven by premium offerings such as the Apple iPhones, Google Pixel lineup and the Samsung Galaxy Note and Galaxy S series devices. But there is still scope for the budget and mid-range offerings in the US.
What could be challenging for Xiaomi is that dependence on carrier support and carrier contracts. Also, the existing political climate in the US is against the interest of Chinese technology companies. Already, ZTE and Huawei are facing the end of sanctions and controls imposed by the US government. However, Wang Xiang doesn't consider this a major issue, claims the report. The reason is that Huawei and ZTE build network infrastructure equipment.
Recently, OnePlus, another Chinese market cracked into the market by selling unlocked devices to the advanced users. Xiaomi will have to follow a different approach than the mass market strategy. The company should focus on becoming a maverick smartphone brand in the US. Undoubtedly, the company is good at it as it did the same with the Indian and Chinese markets.
Show me the elephant the blind man has seen, and only then will I believe that you have really seen a fly.
Your afternoon host AJ has been in Seattle for over 5 years and SO much has happened in his life since moving here. He and his wife of 7 years Nicole, had their first baby (Max...he is now 2) and they bought their first home here. When AJ isn't on the air, at a sporting event supporting one of our local teams (ESPECIALLY the Sounders and Seahawks) or hosting an event for one of the organizations that he works with including Making Strides Against Breast Cancer, March For Babies, Susan G Komen and Washington Trails Association, he is more than likely climbing a mountain! "I love everything this place has to offer, from world-class entertainment, to the incredible food to all of its natural beauty with so many amazing mountains and trails at our doorstep! I LOVE the Pacific Northwest and am proud to call it home and do what I love to do with an incredible group of people."
FARGO, N.D. (AP) — A federal judge has handed a lifeline to efforts to block the Dakota Access pipeline, ruling Wednesday that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers didn't adequately consider the possible impacts of an oil spill where the pipeline passes under the Missouri River.
U.S. District Judge James Boasberg said in a 91-page decision that the corps failed to take into account how a spill might affect “fishing rights, hunting rights, or environmental justice, or the degree to which the pipeline's effects are likely to be highly controversial.”
The judge said the Army must redo its environmental analysis in certain sections and he'll consider later whether the pipeline must halt operations in the meantime. A status conference is scheduled for next week.
Dave Archamabault II, chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, which has led opposition to the pipeline, called it “a significant victory.”
Developer Energy Transfer Partners announced earlier this month that it started shipping oil to customers. ETP maintains that the 1,200-mile pipeline is safe, but the Standing Rock Cheyenne River, Yankton and Oglala Sioux tribes in the Dakotas fear environmental harm.
ETP spokeswoman Vicki Granado did not immediately return email and phone messages seeking comment on Boasberg's ruling. U.S. Department of Justice spokeswoman Nicole Navas Oxman said the department is reviewing the ruling.
The decision marks “an important turning point,” said Jan Hasselman, attorney for the nonprofit Earthjustice, which is representing the tribes in the lawsuit.
“Until now, the rights of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe have been disregarded by builders of the Dakota Access pipeline and the Trump Administration … prompting a well-deserved global outcry,” Hasselman said.
The project led to months of demonstrations near the Standing Rock Reservation and hundreds of protesters were arrested. The protests died off with the clearing of the main encampment in February and the completion of the pipeline.
Boasberg rejected two earlier complaints by the tribes. One was that the construction threatened sites of cultural and historical significance and the other was that the presence of oil in the pipeline under Lake Oahe would desecrate sacred waters and make it impossible for the tribes to freely exercise their religious beliefs.
“Now that the court has rejected these two lines of attack, Standing Rock and Cheyenne River here take their third shot, this time zeroing in DAPL's environmental impact,” Boasberg wrote. He added later, “This volley meets with some degree of success.”
The corps originally declined to issue an easement for drilling and earlier this year launched a full environmental study of the Lake Oahe crossing, which it said would take up to two years to complete. Boasberg, the federal judge, had rejected an ETP request to stop the study.
“As we all know, elections have consequences, and the government's position on the easement shifted significantly once President Trump assumed office on January 20, 2017,” Boasberg wrote in Wednesday's ruling.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The powerful Hollywood talent agency CAA is canceling its annual Golden Globe Awards party and planning to form a legal defense fund to assist workplace harassment victims across all industries.
A person with knowledge of the plans who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly said Monday that the funds normally used for the Globes party, which would celebrate nominated clients like Meryl Streep, Reese Witherspoon, Nicole Kidman and Tom Hanks, will be instead be redirected to establish the fund.
The agency has also committed itself to establishing gender parity in its leadership by the year 2020, following the lead of ICM Partners.
The Hollywood Reporter first reported the news.
Advertisement
The Golden Globes will be handed out Jan. 7 and will be followed by several after-parties.
CONSUMER REPORTS- It's been ten years since Apple introduced the original iPhone. Now more than a billion have been sold and there are more than 2 million apps. Consumer Reports takes a look at how the iPhone changed how we communicate.
In this day and age, it may be hard to remember that iPhone wasn't the first smartphone on the market. There were already phones out from Palm, BlackBerry and others. But Consumer Reports says the iPhone was a revolutionary shift for people. It had a touch screen, you could reconfigure the screen with anything, you could upgrade the phone as necessary. People now had instant access to the internet in their pocket at all times.
This also meant people didn't have to carry around as many gadgets like a camera, GPS or music player because their new phone did it all. The iPhone kind of paved the way for this idea of the device that absorbs all the functionality of a bunch of other gadgets.
But over the years Apple faced competition from the outside and struggled with some issues internally as well. The iPhone 4 had “Antennagate” where it was dropping calls if you touched it in the wrong place. Also on the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, that generation, there were concerns about the device getting so thin that it could bend and we investigated that in our labs as well.
Consumer Reports found the phones weren't as bendable as people believed. Apple's next iPhone is expected out this fall and Consumer Reports will test it as soon they get it in their lab.
A LITTLE family headstone lies in the middle of Dunoon cemetery in memory of three young children whose plaques show their details.
The middle one is in "loving memory of Joyce Alice Mulley 'Dolly'”, a young girl who died at 15 years old.
What the plaque doesn't say about Joyce is that she was a prolific writer to the Northern Star's Aunt Kath pages between the years 1930 and 1932, up to only a month before her death.
Aunt Kath ran the children's pages printing stories and puzzles for the children to follow and encouraged them to become 'members' or nephews and nieces and tell her about their lives.
Each child had penpal names and would often write to each other as well.
Joyce chose her first penpal name as "Christmas Bells” but this was the time of early aviation and she loved to watch the planes fly overhead.
She soon asked to change her name to "Pilot Genaco” the same name as Charles Kingsford-Smith's Avro X Genaco plane.
"Don't you think Miss (Amy) Johnson is a brave girl, flying all the way from England?” Joyce wrote about the epic air flight of the time.
Over the next two years Joyce wrote to Aunt Kath giving an insight into a 13-14 year old's life in the rural surrounds of Lismore.
"My uncle cut his hand pulling corn. It is cut deep,” she wrote.
"Pulling corn is not nice.”
Joyce often spoke of the numbers of cows they had and named the calves that were born, also sharing the beauty of the flowers that were growing in their very pretty garden.
She joined the Gould League of Bird Lovers through her school telling Aunt Kath how much she loved little birds.
She often forwarded poetry that was shared to the children's page each week and also loved reading and sharing the books she owned.
Joyce lived at The Channon and went to school at Terania Creek.
I couldn't find a reason why Joyce died but her little friends on Aunt Kath's page wrote their sadness when they found out.
References
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police have revealed CCTV images of two men they want to trace after an assault in Cambridge city centre left a man with a broken nose.
The violence took place more than two months ago in St Andrews Street – and officers have now gathered CCTV footage to help with the investigation.
A 19-year-old man was assaulted in the early hours of the morning on Sunday, May 28 this year.
The assault took place about 2.50am – and the young man was taken to hospital.
He was taken to hospital and treated for bruising to his face and a fractured nose.
A spokesman from Cambridgeshire police said: “We have released CCTV images of two men we would like to speak to in connection with an assault in Cambridge.
On May 28 at about 2.50am a 19-year-old man was assaulted in St Andrews Street. He was taken to hospital and treated for bruising to his face and a fractured nose.
“We would urge anyone with any information to get in touch.”
Anyone with information regarding the incident is asked to call police on 101, quoting reference CF0295130517.
Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If ever a dress could be credited for boosting an actress' career, then it has to be the red Calvin Klein gown, which a relatively unknown Jennifer Lawrence wore to the 2011 Oscars.
Before she wielded a bow and arrow as Katniss Everdeen in The Hunger Games movies, Jennifer had roles in smaller movies like Like Crazy and The Poker House.
But all that changed when she was nominated for an Academy Award, aged 20, for her role in Winter's Bone.
Jennifer arrived at the 2011 Oscars in her striking red number and the rest, as they say, is history. A lucrative contract with French couture house Dior followed and Jennifer has been making it onto every best dressed list ever since.
Now affectionately referred to as J-Law, we've watched her red carpet prowess gain momentum as her career has grown - here we take a look at her style journey.
In Alberta Ferretti at the 2008 Venice Film Festival
(Image: Getty)
Jennifer was always adorable but back in 2008 she wasn't exactly noted for her fashion prowess and she missed the mark in this pretty, but unmemorable Alberta Ferretti gown.
In strappy red Calvin Klein at the 2011 Oscars
(Image: PA)
Aged just 20 Jennifer was nominated for her first Academy Award for her role in Winter's Bone, her breakout role.
Her strappy red Calvin Klein gown was the perfect choice and she caught the gaze of the fashion press.
Looking like a screen goddess in strapless Dior at the 2013 Oscars
(Image: Getty Images)
It was a very different Jennifer Lawrence , who appeared on the red carpet at the 2013 Oscars.
Now the face of Dior, she wore a stunning structured gown made for her by the French couture house, with a pair of Nicholas Kirkwood heels and a Roger Vivier clutch.
It was the year that she famously fell when she tried to get up onto the stage....a fall which was to be the first of many for an accident prone J-Law.
In a stunning red structured Dior gown at the 2014 Oscars
(Image: Getty)
Nominated in the Best Supporting Actress category for her role in American Hustle it was a confident JLaw that walked down the red carpet in a red structured Dior gown at the 2014 Oscars.
Red carpet tumble aside, nothing detracted from her amazing Dior gown and she made it onto every best dressed list.
Jennifer Lawrence in a slinky black Alexander Wang outfit at the 2016 Vanity Fair Oscar Party
(Image: FilmMagic)
It was the slinky black outfit she wore to the 2016 Vanity Fair Oscar party that really got everyone talking. Having walked down the red carpet in Dior couture, the actress decided to let her hair down and change into this bra top and sexy side-split skirt combo for the after-party.
Sexy, sleek and stylish, J-Law looked more confident than ever.
Looking pretty in Gucci paisley print at the London X-Men photocall
(Image: Rex)
With her shorter, blonder and sexier bob, Jennifer seems to be experimenting more and having fun with her fashion choices.
Here she is at the London X-Men photocall in a surprisingly feminine and girlie paisley print dress by label of the moment - Gucci.
In daring cut out Dior at the X-Men global fan screening
(Image: Rex)
It was a much more playful and daring J-Law, who wore a very daring cut-out Dior gown at the X-Men global fan screening. Joking that she couldn't wait to stop tensing her stomach and take off her heels, she was clearly having fun.
In a sexy corset style dress at Tape Night Club in London
(Image: FameFlynet.uk.com)
Later that evening, she changed into an incredibly revealing corset style number for a night on the town.
Stealing the show at the 2016 AMD British Academy Britannia Awards
(Image: Splash)
The actress looked pretty in pink in a Grecian-style gown by Elie Saab, which showed off a hint of her cleavage with its cut-outs, and a belt, which nipped her in at the waist.
J-Law, we can't wait to see where you go with your style next...
A former master warrant officer with the Canadian Armed Forces says she developed PTSD and had to leave the military after having her kidney removed as a result of being wrongly diagnosed with cancer.
She said she was told at the time that the mistake was no one's fault and that “medicine is not an exact science.”
Sharon Marson, who now lives in New Brunswick, attempted to sue the now-retired Ottawa urologist who diagnosed and treated her, and The Ottawa Hospital. Affidavits were filed and both sides were cross-examined in them, but her lawsuit alleging medical negligence was dismissed in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice earlier this year because she waited too long to pursue it.
Marson's surgery was in August 2000. For most lawsuits, the claim must be issued within two years. Marson pursued the lawsuit in 2015.
She said a medical report commissioned by Veterans Affairs Canada concluded in 2014 that “I have been the victim of medical malpractice.” Until then, she said, she was not aware there had been malpractice.
The case began when Marson underwent a routine medical exam in early 2000 as a condition of her service in the armed forces. Tests done after the exam found a “shadow” on her right kidney and she was referred to urologist Dr. Carl Leahy.
He ordered a series of tests. Based on those, he concluded she had cancer in the right kidney and recommended that the kidney and her ureter be surgically removed, to which she agreed.
In August 2000, during a post-op consultation, Leahy told her the mass that had been diagnosed as cancer was, in fact, benign and that she had a kidney infection and scarring, not cancer.
“Following my nephrectomy, I was told that the pathology report, much to Dr. Leahy's surprise, was not cancer. I had been misdiagnosed. I had had a kidney infection and scar tissue, for which I had had not one symptom,” she said in a court document.
According to court documents, Marson stated that after surgery she had been told by the doctor that tests had produced a “false positive result” for cancer and that “tests can be wrong, but this is not the result of any error of the technicians operating the lab equipment or conducting the tests but that this was the nature of the tests that were conducted.”
He added, “Medicine is not an exact science.”
At the time, she said, several people encouraged her to launch a lawsuit, but she declined.
It was only when she was applying for a disability pension, she said, that she read the entire medical file and was struck by an “inconsistency” between what the doctor told her and her husband after the surgery and what the records said.
At the heart of her concern was a cytopathology test conducted prior to surgery, which was negative for cancer. Cytopathology testing examines cells from various sites in the body and is sometimes used for cancer screening. Marson argued that further testing should have been done, in light of that result, before her kidney was removed.
“He never explained to me that he should have conducted further tests and that my condition may have been cured alternatively and he maintained that the kidney and ureter required removal in order to save my life.”
In court testimony, Leahy said all the test results had been disclosed to Marson prior to the surgery. He also said that a negative cytopathology report did not rule out cancer and was not significant to his diagnosis.
Marson, meanwhile, who had been working as a supply technician, said she left the armed forces as a result of the surgery and later suffered from depression and PTSD.
When she underwent a medical exam as part of her release from the military later in 2000, she talked about the misdiagnoses as part of her reason.
“I now know that, at all material times, I have suffered from and continue to suffer from post traumatic stress disorder and severe depression as a result of the treatment.” It was only after receiving treatment for them that she was capable of commencing legal action, she said, which is why she waited more than 15 years after the surgery to commence legal proceedings.
“I was unable to make important decisions at that time due to my depressed state.”
Both Marson and the lawyer representing Leahy declined to comment. The Ottawa Hospital released this statement: “The Court was clear in its decision in this case. The hospital cannot speak on behalf of other parties.”
epayne@postmedia.com
THE SPIRIT IS WILLING, BUT THE FLESH IS WEAK
In time of the New Year's Eve celebrations in Victoria, New South Wales and Queensland, 2 persons have been killed and many wounded by unlawful fireworks cross the country. Investigating started in Victoria after a 46-year-old Springhurst man dies at 9:30pm by firecracker according to reports blowed up in his hand. Every year the authority put out warnings in relation to unlawful fireworks, in New South Wales, a 52-year-old man on the central coast endear during the time that he's setting off a huge commercial firework at Budgewoi coast, he suffered earnest head wounds, in spite of the endeavors of family and paramedics could not be resuscitated, the exact man was accompanied by his wife and friends when the mishap happened and when emergency services came, the man's wife was exceedingly sorrowful, Chief Inspector, said clearly his family are going to remember this for the remnant of their lives, absolutely no one wants to lose a loved one at any time and on New Year's Day, the exact man in fact had this firework for some time, possibly over than 10 years and had talked about with his friends on the night that it was the exact time to light it to test it out. (Budgewoi) is a suburb situated on the Central Coast of New South Wales, Australia, as section of the Central Coast Council local government area. Budgewoi itself is situated around 78 km, unceasingly 112 km on the road north of the Sydney central business province. Many of the town is rounded by many lakes, Lake Munmorah, Budgewoi Lake and the Pacific Ocean. A perfect point for water lover. Long a region of retirees and vacation places, lifting housing rates in the Sydney region. The last ten years have seen a serious alteration in Budgewoi with the flow of people getting a major infrastructure and evolution to the outskirts.
The Russian embassy in the United States is urging Russian nationals in the country to remain vigilant after an attempted terror attack occurred in New York City earlier on Monday, embassy's spokesperson Nikolay Lakhonin said in a release.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Earlier in the day, a man detonated a bomb inside a New York City subway passageway near the Port Authority Bus Terminal, injuring three people. The authorities said the explosion was a terrorism-related attack.
"We have received news on the attempted terrorist attack in New York today with deep concern. According to our General Consulate in New York, no Russian citizens were among the victims," Lakhonin said on Monday. "We urge Russian citizens to stay alert and avoid crowds."
Lakhonin emphasized that Russia and the United States can secure their citizens from terrorism only through coordinated efforts.
"Methods used by international terrorists are universally similar. Russia knows them well. Our county was targeted by such attacks on multiple occasions," Lakhonin said. "Only joint and coordinated actions including reestablishing counterterrorism efforts of the special services can provide reliable security for the citizens of our countries."
© AFP 2017/ Bryan R. Smith Attempted Terror Attack Shows Need for Strict Immigration Reform - White House
US Department of Homeland Security (DHS) spokesman Tyler Houlton said in a statement that Akayed Ullah, 27, who has been identified as the sole suspect responsible for the Monday morning's explosion, is a lawful US resident, who came from Bangladesh.
"[DHS] can confirm that the suspect was admitted to the United States after presenting a passport displaying an F43 family immigrant visa in 2011," Houlton said on Twitter. "The suspect is a Lawful Permanent Resident from Bangladesh who benefited from extended family chain migration."
Authorities have taken Ullah into custody and are treating the incident as an attempted terrorist attack.
Media earlier reported that Ullah lived in New York's borough of Brooklyn and used to work as a taxi driver. The reports also said the explosion was a Daesh-inspired attack.
Heading into its fifth season tonight (The CW, 9/8c), The 100 is giving fans a “very different” premiere, switching up its storytelling strategy and spending much of the hour focusing on one character's journey.
“There was a time when it was just going to be [Clarke] for the entire episode, but we chose to weave in other stories,” showrunner Jason Rothenberg tells TVLine. “Still, it was a bold and exciting choice for us to play with that one character for that amount of time. It was a great challenge for [actress] Eliza Taylor, but we knew she could handle it.”
He adds that Tuesday's premiere “tracks Clarke's emotional journey over [the six-year time jump] really nicely. We quickly understand why she's so deeply bonded to [Madi]. I think Eliza is as good as it gets, and I'm excited for people to see her tour de force performance.”
Speaking of Madi, Rothenberg explains that Clarke's relationship with the young Nightblood — the only other person Clarke encounters on the ground in those six years — leads to a shifting of priorities for her.
“She's obviously not a biological mother, but she has such an emotional connection to this child,” he explains. “She now has a clan of one. In that way, everything has changed for her. She's always recognized that the things she does are done for her people, even though they're fairly hard choices she has to make to keep her people alive — just like people on the other side have made similarly difficult choices to keep their people alive.”
But priorities aren't just shifting on the ground. Rothenberg says that a lot has changed for the gang up in space, most notably within Murphy. Not only has he developed a friendship with Raven — you know, the girl he shot all those seasons ago — but he's demonstrating great signs of personal growth:
As Rothenberg notes, “Murphy is expanding his priorities, first to include Emori, and now to include this little family in space.”
Your hopes for tonight's season premiere? The 100‘s fifth season in general? Drop 'em in a comment below.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
These are some the worst crooks in Merseyside who have been put behind bars in 2016.
A rogue's gallery reveals the killers, rapists and drug dealers who will thankfully be spending 2017 locked up in prison for the terrible crimes they committed.
They include those who are likely to face the rest of their lives in jail, such as double killers Anthony Showers and Peter Fox.
And Clayton Williams, who broke a family's heart when he fatally mowed down policeman David Phillips.
The Liverpool ECHO has put together this grim review of the crimes listed below:
1. Anthony Showers
(Photo: PA)
Shower bludgeoned his ex-girlfriend, her mum and their dog to death with a hammer and was jailed for at least 29 and a half years.
He broke into the home of Jade, 28, and Karen Hales, 53, in Anfield at around 7.30am on June 12.
The 42-year-old admitted murdering the pair and killing their Staffordshire bull terrier Tyson.
He denied bringing the hammer or raping Jade, but a judge ruled he used the weapon to break-in and raped her, possibly after she died.
2. Jake Culshaw
(Photo: PA)
Three “parasitic” drug-dealers face 88 years behind bars for the brutal shotgun murder of innocent teenager Lewis Dunne.
Lewis, 16, was killed by a single shotgun blast as he walked on the Leeds - Liverpool canal, in Eldonian Village, on the night of November 15 last year.
Culshaw , 26, was jailed for life with a minimum term of 30 years.
3. Paul Martin
(Photo: PA)
Martin , 26, was jailed for life with a minimum term of 30 years for the murder of Lewis Dunne.
Judge Mr Justice Turner slammed the group for lying “again and again” during their trial after setting out “to exact revenge upon members of a rival gang”.
He said: “For this purpose you went equipped with a loaded shotgun. As it turned out, your victim was a totally innocent young member of the public, in respect of whose death I am satisfied that you have suffered no remorse.”
4. John Martin
(Photo: PA)
Martin, 20, was jailed for a minimum of 28 years for his part in Lewis' murder.
Judge Turner said the killers had only “shown pity for themselves”.
He said: “To you, the death of Lewis was no more than collateral damage for which you have made the most strenuous efforts to avoid responsibility. To Lewis' close and loving family the impact has been devastating. It will cast a dark shadow over their lives forever.”
5. Ryan Bate
(Photo: Liverpool Echo)
Two men were handed life sentences for the murder of teenager Vinny Waddington, who was knocked off a scrambler motorbike and shot on July 14 last year.
Bate, 24, was sentenced to life with a minimum of 24 years in prison.
6. Luke Kendrick
(Photo: Liverpool Echo)
Kendrick, 26, received a 25-year minimum sentence.
Judge Mr Justice Timothy King said we would “never know” who was driving the car which struck Vinny and who fired the fatal shot.
A statement was read in court from Vinny's father, Vincent Waddington snr, who said: “When Vincent died I died with him. When I close my eyes the nightmares come.”
Speaking from the dock, Kendrick said: “I can't be a*** listening to all this.”
7. Michael Williams
(Photo: Collect)
Williams, 29, brutally killed a Liverpool mum then dumped her in an alleyway as he tried to cover his tracks.
He will serve a minimum of 22 years after being convicted of the murder of Maxine Showers, 42.
Ms Showers' body was found in an alleyway behind Williams' home on Monday, September 28 last year.
The cocaine and alcohol-fuelled dad-of-one killed her in a “vicious assault”, but claimed she had tried to steal from him and left his house of her own accord.
8. Peter Fox
(Photo: Merseyside Police)
Fox was locked up for life after strangling his mum to death before repeatedly stabbing and killing his sister.
The 27-year-old admitted the manslaughter of Bernadette Fox, 57, and Sarah Fox, 27, at their homes in Bootle in April last year.
He will serve a minimum of 12 years and two months while being treated at Ashworth secure hospital until he is well enough to be moved to prison.
Judge David Aubrey, QC, said Fox killed his mum before launching a premeditated, “brutal and sustained attack” on his sister with up to two knives.
9. Stuart Tomlinson
Tomlinson, 56, was jailed for 12 years with an additional year on licence after admitting raping a baby.
Police raided his home in Liverpool to look for indecent images of children on his computer.
But as officers examined the sick stash discovered on his equipment, they recognised Tomlinson in a video, which showed him raping the child.
Judge Andrew Menary, QC, said Tomlinson spent hours “trawling the internet in order to satisfy your depraved sexual appetite” then took his offending even further.
10. Clayton Williams
(Photo: PA)
Williams, 19, was sentenced to 20 years in jail for the manslaughter of PC David Phillips after deliberately driving at him in a stolen car.
Dad-of-two PC Phillips, 34, was on the central reservation of Wallasey Dock Link Road, deploying a stop-stick tyre puncturing device, when he was struck and killed instantly in the early hours of October 5, 2015.
The reckless car thief was also banned from driving for life.
11. Gordon Dean
(Photo: Liverpool Echo)
Dean, 79, was jailed for 20 years after raping and making a teenager pregnant, then going on to rape the child she gave birth to.
The paedophile repeatedly raped, sexually abused and assaulted his first victim when she was aged between 13 and 20.
She fell pregnant with his child and after the girl was born, he went on to rape and sexually abuse her from the age of eight to 12.
The OAP denied any wrongdoing and only admitted his crimes in the face of irrefutable DNA evidence.
12. Ian Gordon
(Photo: Liverpool Echo)
Gordon was jailed for life with a minimum of 20 years after beating his partner to death then claiming she fell in the shower.
Gran-of-four Ann-Marie Cropper, 47, was found dead at their flat in Southport.
Gordon, 52, denied her brutal murder in a trial, despite admitting manslaughter.
But five days into proceedings - after the jury heard doctors found 100 injuries on his victim - he finally confessed.
Judge Clement Goldstone, QC, said he caused her “untold physical and mental suffering” as a result of “ever-increasing violence, culminating in a sustained and ferocious attack”.
13. Daniel Misiolek
(Photo: Liverpool Echo)
Tattooed monster Misiolek, 41, was jailed for life with a minimum of nine years after admitting a string of offences that saw his victim subjected to horrific humiliation and self-degradation.
Heavy set thug Misiolek, whose face is inked with handcuffs, teardrops and the gangster motto “thug life”, held his victim at his home then forced him to insert objects - including a sex toy, a broom handle and a toilet brush - into his bottom.
14. Anna Baszak
(Photo: handout)
Ninety minutes of the nine-hour ordeal, described in court as “barbaric”, were filmed by Misiolek's fiancé Baszak.
The 27-year-old mum was convicted of kidnapping and two counts of causing a male to engage in sexual acts without consent.
Her lawyer described her as vulnerable and slavishly devoted to Misiolek, but she was jailed for 12 years.
15. Dagmara Szary
(Photo: PA)
The victim, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was initially attacked at a home in Bootle - days after Szary “appeared to have taken offence” to mobile phone photos she claimed to have seen.
Szary was convicted of kidnapping.
Judge David Aubrey, QC, sentenced the smirking 19-year-old to 15 months in a young offenders' institution.
16. Steven Cotterill
(Photo: Liverpool Echo)
Cotterill killed his wife's lover by hitting him over the head with a wheel brace after catching them together.
The 39-year-old, came home early from work and found Matthew Charnock, 35, visiting his wife Natasha, 32.
The furious dad confronted his victim in Brinton Close, Widnes and struck him in the head and arm with the weapon.
Mr Charnock – whose skull was fractured – died three days later in hospital, having suffered complications due to blood poisoning.
Cotterill, who argued he acted in self-defence, was cleared of murder but found guilty of manslaughter and jailed for seven years.
17. Anthony Turner
(Photo: Liverpool Echo)
Turner, 31, repeatedly raped a seven-year-old girl and threatened to kill her and her mum if she spoke out.
The paedophile stared across a courtroom at the child's mother, moments before he was sentenced to 18 years in jail.
Furious Judge Denis Watson, QC, shouted: “Don't look at her – don't you dare look at her.”
Turner was found guilty of four counts of rape of a child under the age of 13.
18. Christopher Davies
(Photo: PA)
Davies unwittingly smoked the legal high spice before drowning his friend Barry O'Reilly.
He killed the dad-of-one after suffering an “extreme reaction” when his pal gave him a pipe containing the substance and cannabis.
The work colleagues wrestled at a fishing lake at Claremont Farm in Wirral, before Davies punched Mr O'Reilly and held his head underwater.
Davies admitted the manslaughter of the 37-year-old on the morning of Sunday, May 15, on the basis that the “sudden and unexpected outbreak of violence” was a result of a “loss of control”.
Davies was handed seven years behind bars.
19. Gary Gilbertson
(Photo: Merseyside Police)
Drunken heroin addict Gilbertson stabbed a teenager in the neck with a pair of scissors leaving him unable to use his right hand.
The 41-year-old lunged at Joseph Giblin, 17, when he tried to stop him attacking another teen in Liverpool city centre. The wound – which just missed a major artery – caused a compressed spinal nerve and the victim may never recover.
Gilbertson was jailed for 10 years and eight months and handed an extended five years on licence.
20. Justin Quinn
“Cowardly” robber Quinn, who attacked two elderly women, was told he may never be released from prison.
He binged on crack cocaine and heroin before trying to snatch the handbag of a 95-year-old woman at sheltered accommodation.
After the OAP bravely fought him off, the career criminal tricked his way into the home of an 86-year-old disabled woman and stole her pension.
The 47-year-old, of no fixed address, was jailed for 10 years, with an extended five years on licence.
21. Derek Perry
Career criminal Perry, 50, was jailed for 20 months after causing a man life changing brain injuries in a one-punch attack.
He knocked out 62-year-old Daniel Fay during a drunken struggle near the bombed out church on August 20 last year.
Mr Fay suffered bleeding on the brain, which altered his personality and now needs constant care.
Perry, on licence at the time for a violent burglary, admitted causing grievous bodily harm on the basis that Mr Fay was the initial aggressor.
22. Andrew Braithwaite
Jealous dad-of-three Braithwaite, 51, set the mother of his children on fire after discovering she was having an affair with another man.
Catherine Wilcock suffered “life-changing” burns when Andrew Braithwaite doused her in petrol and torched their home in Haydock.
The 51-year-old locked front and back doors and removed the fuses from smoke and burglar arms before setting light to their house.
His victim wore a protective face mask as Braithwaite was jailed for 16 years after admitting attempted murder.
23. Glynn Robertson
Robertson raped one little girl and sexually abused another.
The 38-year-old molested his “extremely young and vulnerable” victims for his own twisted sexual gratification.
The pervert denied any wrongdoing and forced the children to endure a trial.
The judge was slammed Robertson for making his victims “relive their nightmares”, after he was found guilty of nine sexual offences.
He was jailed for 14 years.
24. Scott Smith
A little girl was left without both of her parents after they were both locked up over gun and drug conspiracies.
Smith, 27, was the ringleader of a Widnes-based gang behind drive-by shootings in Speke, Whiston and Huyton.
Glock and Browning self-loading pistols and an Uzi were fired in the attacks, one of which saw a man's spine severed.
Smith, of Brookdale Road, Widnes, was jailed for life with a minimum of 12 years.
25. Victoria Galloway
His girlfriend Galloway, 32, was handed 12 years in prison – leaving their four-year-old daughter without both of her parents.
The mum-of-one had admitted dealing and smoking cannabis but claimed she had never seen any guns at her home.
Judge Alan Conrad, QC, said she was “instrumental in arranging the clear up” after the Speke shooting and “continued in the same vein”.
26. David McMullan
Fellow gang member McMullan, 31, was also involved in the £20,000 blackmail attempt of a rival drug-dealer.
He firebombed a house belonging to his rival's elderly gran.
A jury were played the cries of her terrified daughter and baby grandson, who had to be rescued from the petrol-bombed house.
He was jailed for life with a minimum of 12 and a half years.
27. Daniel Hamer
Hamer , 25, was jailed for life with a minimum of five years and 10 months after admitting raping a woman in a hostel.
The convicted paedophile was described by a judge as “deeply disturbed” after telling probation officers his offences made him feel good and that he was an “alpha male”.
Hamer was staying at a hostel in Liverpool after he was released from prison last year and attacked his victim when she fell asleep.
28. John Kirk
Cage fighter Kirk knocked out a policeman before running him over – after battering his mum and dad on Christmas Day.
The drug dealer, 31, punched PC Matthew Rimmer in the head then drove over the unconscious victim.
Witnesses said Kirk's car “bounced” like the officer was “a speed bump”, but miraculously the policeman only suffered leg and knee injuries.
The cocaine and steroid user earlier glassed his dad and punched his mum in the face so she fell into a Christmas tree at their home.
Kirk was jailed for 16 and a half years.
29. Thomas Harrison
Harrison , 55, was jailed for 16 years after being found guilty of abusing a woman, when she was aged between nine and 13, in the 1990s.
The supermarket security guard was found guilty of 11 counts of indecent assault following a trial.
He was handed an extended two years on licence and told to sign on the Sex Offenders Register indefinitely.
His victim said she feared he may have abused other young girls and claimed he had told people he was being locked up for grievous bodily harm.
30. Graham Kniveton
Kniveton stabbed his cancer-suffering OAP neighbour in an argument over whether the windows on their communal landing should be open or closed.
The 61-year-old attacked Francis Evans, 78, at his sheltered accommodation.
He was jailed for 10 years with an extended five years on licence for wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WILLIAMSPORT -- The man who shot and robbed his cab driver back in 2014 was sentenced in Williamsport on Tuesday.
"A bitter, bitter situation."
That's what Dante Washington's sister said in court before her brother was sentenced to 36 to 72 years in state prison.
In 2014, Washington robbed his cab driver, then shot him, almost killing him.
Nearly four years later, Dante Washington, 27, walked out of the back of the Lycoming County Courthouse knowing he will likely spend the next 36 to 72 years of his life in state prison.
About the same time, in the front of the courthouse, Eugene Phillips, the badly injured cab driver was embraced by his family.
"Great day, my daughter got married to begin with, and now we can put this behind us," Phillips said.
Phillips' scars have healed, but the memories from the night he was shot are harder to forget.
Back in 2014, Phillips picked up Washington in his cab and drove down an alley off Elmira Street in the city. That's where police say Washington took out a gun and demanded money.
Phillips says all he remembers of the early morning he was shot is that Washington told him, "I want it all."
"It's the last chapter of the book. I'm ready to move on," he said.
A jury found Washington guilty of attempted homicide back in December.
Before he was sentenced, he read a letter aloud in court saying, "I'm truly sorry for what happened. No one deserves what you have gone through."
"I accept his apology," Phillips said. "I know it's hard for him to say, but I accept what he said."
"It's just sad what happened," said the victim's daughter Lacy Swain. "We have no vengeance towards anybody. It's just sad what happened."
Amidst the tears, there was a sense of compassion from both families.
Washington said, "The mistake I made was leaving my family without a loved one."
Quality time is something the Phillips family takes full of advantage of now.
"Every day he has off and I have off we play the Wii and I'm so grateful I have those days," said Swain.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A polyamorous couple have revealed what it's really like to be in a marriage with three people
Carl and Kenya Stevens have been happily married for 22 years.
But for more than half of their time together they have both had multiple lovers.
The couple from Asheville, North Carolina, quite literally practice what they preach by sharing their relationship, which has been the model for their coaching business, a ‘love academy' called JuJuMama.
Carl, 46, and Kenya, 42, modern love therapy sessions reveal exactly what it's like living as a polyamorous couple - in and out of the bedroom.
(Image: Barcroft Media)
(Image: Barcroft Media)
Kenya said: “Carl and I have been open for 12 years. We enjoy it so much that we support other people coming into this lifestyle.
“We deal with every kind of problem, from people cheating on their spouse, people who want to open their relationship and people who want to learn how to relate to one person."
Carl added: "I think poly relationships are becoming a lot more common. A study showed that it was the fastest growing relationship type in the US.
"I believe people need help in becoming that, a lot of people are making a big mess out of it. They are not seeing it as a process, I think by 2050 it will be normal like monogamous.”
(Image: Barcroft Media)
(Image: Barcroft Media)
A 2016 study carried out in the US, on two nationally representative samples of single individuals, found that one in five people had practiced polyamory.
And with relationship dynamics evolving, Carl and Kenya use their own experiences to help others wanting to dip their toes in the polyamory pool, which they freely admit is not easy.
Carl said: “Kenya and I met on a blind date. She matched a vision I had of the woman I was going to marry. - I was very physically attracted to her. I wanted to have sex with her right away.
Kenya: “It was love at first sight. We got engaged eight weeks later. Then we moved in together, within three months we were living together. By the next summer we were married. So less than a year after we met we did have our wedding."
(Image: Barcroft Media)
(Image: Barcroft Media)
But 11 years later, Carl admitted to falling in love with another woman.
Kenya said: “Carl came home and told me he was falling in love with another woman at his job and I was distraught.
"He and I had spoken about polygamy - that is one man many women. I have never agreed, I felt like if the man has many partners then the woman should be allowed to have other partners as well.
“I told him if we're going to do this, then I'm going to do this too.”
Carl added: “I'd heard of men dating other women, but women dating other men when they're already married was completely foreign to me.
(Image: Barcroft Media)
(Image: Barcroft Media)
"But the more I thought about it, I said maybe it does make sense for equality. If I want something, then Kenya should be able to have that same thing."
Instead of breaking up, Carl and Kenya decided to both became free to have multiple lovers.
Kenya admitted: "Discussing polyamory was extremely difficult at first. There were a lot of arguments, a lot of emotions. It was really challenging.
"Two years of discussion and then I went first [on a date]. He told me to go first and have another boyfriend outside of our marriage. By then our children were a little older.
(Image: Barcroft Media)
(Image: Barcroft Media)
"When I first went on a date, it felt like I was betraying my husband. In western culture here in America women are not supposed to have a sex drive or desire men when we are married. It is taboo. It was hard to break through all of those belief systems.
Carl added: “It was very painful for me. I started having all these thoughts and images of her having sex. My jealousies and insecurities really came out.”
Whilst accustoming to their new way of loving, the parents also came out to their three children, Senbi, 19, Sanu, 16, and 12-year-old Kaheri.
Kenya said: “From the time that we opened, we told our children. And it meant that mummy and daddy could love more people and they just got it. They didn't have any issues with polyamory."
(Image: Barcroft Media)
(Image: Barcroft Media)
Their 16-year-old daughter Sanu appreciates her parent's liberal lifestyle, especially when it comes to sex and relationships.
She said: "My childhood was pretty normal, it was nothing out of the ordinary for me. Maybe just because I was raised the way I was.
"My parents first gave me the talk when I was seven-years-old. That is when they first mentioned it to me. I wasn't interested in talking about it until I started puberty.
"I think unlike most kids, I felt comfortable asking my parents questions. Most of my friends could not talk to their parents, they had to figure it out alone and that is where ignorance comes from.
(Image: Barcroft Media)
(Image: Barcroft Media)
I am glad I did not have to go through that stage.
"My parents are really embarrassing. I mean putting aside their lifestyle, they like to dance in public. My dad cannot dance. We tell him to stop but he will not!”
Sanu's younger brother Kaheri agrees, and will think about being polyamorous when he's older.
He said: "I would not go into something which is clearly not as good as what my parents have.
"Further down the line I will definitely consider doing the poly thing, 100 percent.”
(Image: Barcroft Media)
(Image: Barcroft Media)
Carl and Kenya have never looked back since becoming polyamorous and they firmly believe opening their marriage has made them stronger.
Kenya said: “For me, open relating and polyamory benefits my relationship in numerous ways.
"Opening our marriage to polyamory has made our marriage stronger because we can actually tell the truth.”
Carl agrees: “We are very open and honest with each other. For the first time in our lives I felt like we were able to be completely transparent on all levels.”
The duo actively looks for multiple partners on Tinder and openminded.com, and have even had each other's lovers living in the family home.
(Image: Barcroft Media)
Kenya revealed: “Carl's girlfriends are interesting. I get along with his partners who have so much common sense they don't try to push me out of my place, but for the others it is more challenging."
Carl said: “In terms of Kenya's partners, I tend to always get along with them. We are not buddy buddy all the time, but I do get along with them. I think she picks really good guys.”
Kenya added: “I meet most of my guys on Tinder. Most of the men I date are younger, why not? My husband is older than me so I already have an older guy. I need a younger man.
“I don't put a limit on the number of partnerships I have. I have partners here in Asheville, I have partners in other cities. I have my husband. I don't know how many partners I have.
(Image: Barcroft Media)
“I used to feel like just a mother and a wife. Like my fun, my magnetism, my sensual energy was depleting. Now I feel like I'm a mother, I'm a wife and I'm a lover - I'm a goddess!
“When Carl and I have sex it's very healing, it's very energizing. But when I have sex with a new partner it's like fireworks and craziness. It's just two different things.
"I need them both, as a married woman of 22 years and to be able to have them is great."
Carl and Kenya believe in the lifestyle so much that they have turned it into their livelihood - by launching a “love academy” and becoming relationship coaches that teach people all over the world about polyamory.
(Image: Barcroft Media)
Kenya said: “What we do in the love academy is educated people in what we call the new paradigm of love."
One of their regular clients is a poly ‘triple' Luna, 25, and her partners Mason, 32, and 32-year-old Taylor.
Sex coach Luna and graphic designer Mason live together - but Luna also has an intimate relationship with Mason's close friend Taylor.
Luna said: "Mason and I met in a grocery store and I immediately had a crush on him. Our relationship took off really organically.
"I knew Taylor before I knew Mason, we were just friends. I didn't see him in a romantic way at all and he became one of my best friends whilst I was dating Mason.
(Image: Barcroft Media)
“It just naturally happened and we were like, ‘Woah we have feelings!'”
Mason admits: “That was the hardest part. It got really real at that point. What happens if I can't handle it? This whole thing is an experiment.”
Initially, Luna and Mason visited the love coaches for advice on how to open their relationship and how to handle jealously and insecurity. Over time, Taylor has joined the sessions to overcome his emotions towards Luna.
Kenya explained: “Luna and Mason first came to see us because they had no idea how to have an open relationship, yet they found themselves in one."
(Image: Barcroft Media)
“I think Luna was concerned that if she were to be honest about her feelings, that it might make one of her boyfriends become distant,” added Carl.
With the help of JuJuMama Love Academy, the threesome drew up a contract to establish everyone's role in the relationship - with Mason being Luna's ‘primary partner' and Taylor as her secondary.
With the world of polyamory becoming increasingly more mainstream, Carl and Kenya believe it's for the best.
Kenya claims: “What is the future of love? The future of love is community. Humans need community and we're creating the new culture.
"We're creating the future of love.”
Related Coverage BBB warns you of dangerous email scam
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) — Dangerous W-2 Phishing Scam Evolving. That is the headline from an Internal Revenue Service warning released earlier this month. The IRS says the scam first surfaced last year, but has grown this year to include a wider variety of targets.
“This particular one is not an IRS impersonation. These are the scammer looking for tax information and using it within the tax system,” said IRS spokesperson Raphael Tulino.
Tulino said the scammers send an email to a company's payroll division pretending to be a company executive. The scammer asks the recipient send email them back a list of employees and their W-2 information. It's a scam known as business email spoofing which allows the scammer to gain employee personal information.
“Once they get that information outside the tax system cause a lot of it is tax information on a W-2 they can go do bad things to your good name in the tax system, i.e. identity theft and fraudulent tax returns,” said Tulino.
In previous years these scammers were targeting mostly big corporations. This year they are targeting hospitals, nonprofits, tribal organizations, chain restaurants and school districts.
Authorities say even if your company has alerted the IRS to a security compromise individuals need to do the same. This will allow the IRS to flag your individual account and provide an extra layer of protection.
“We continue to have screens and detectors and filters in place to prevent the fraudulent money from going out the door to begin with. It all starts with us as consumers and taxpayers to be vigilant and protect our information,” said Tulino.
The IRS says anyone who thinks they've been a victim of identity theft should go online to IRS.gov and fill out a form 14039.
“We have so many resources in place. We wanna make sure we're getting the right refund to the right person and not to the scammer,” said Tulino.
The Connecticut Department of Consumer Protection confirmed last year Hartford based LAZ Parking was targeted in this scam. LAZ operates thousands of parking facilities and lots across the U.S. and employs more than 14,000 people.
© The West Australian and Seven West Media (WA). All rights reserved.
The West Australian
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
She may have just been crowned I'm A Celebrity Jungle Queen overnight, but Georgia Toffolo is now ready to find her king to join her on her reality TV throne.
Arguably one of the most sought after bachelorettes before heading onto the ITV show, now the 23-year-old is definitely bound to have a lengthy line-up of men waiting to impress the popular blonde as she makes her grand return to Chelsea any day now.
While in the jungle Toff revealed she was in fact single, having split with boyfriend James Middleton only "days" before heading into the Australian bush.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Instagram)
Now it seems she's ready to move on into the arms of another hunky lad, as she spoke about her ideal man while doing the press rounds following her win, after spending three weeks in Springbrook National Park, Queensland.
Speaking to The Sun , Toff said: “I want someone who is easy going and chilled out, most importantly someone who makes me laugh.
“Someone who lets me be me, so I can just be myself.
(Image: Instagram)
“Mr Right has got to have those qualities.”
However, after sparking up an unlikely - but hilarious - friendship with 77-year-old MEP Stanley Johnson , Toff admitted she 'weirdly fancies middle-aged men' - saying she is attracted to those who are interesting.
She added: “It's not all about looks. If someone can sustain a good intellectual ­conversation, I find that very ­attractive.”
Gushing about her newfound friendship with Stanley on This Morning today, she admitted she was besotted and found herself following him around camp.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
"When I saw Stanley I was like, 'oh my god!'" she said. "He is in the upper bracket of middle aged but I fell in love. I used to follow him around camp. I've never met anyone like him before. I'm going to have a little drinkie with him later."
Not only keen to meet up with Stanley, the posh beauty also said she was looking forward to catching up with Piers Morgan's son, Spencer - who the Good Morning Britain host is keen to set up with the IAC champ.
(Image: piersmorgan/Twitter)
(Image: ITV)
Toff has been good mates with Piers' 24-year-old son for the last seven years and the pair go clubbing 'five times a week.'
"Your son and I have had some of the most belting nights out," she told the host. "It was lovely to have a detox but I've missed it."
Piers has already chatted to Toff's mum to suggest the pair have an arranged marriage - so they've already won the parents' approval.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: WILMINGTON SHOOTINGS IN 2017 24-year-old man shot in Wilmington early Sunday | 0:35 A 24-year-old man was shot in his upper back at about 6 a.m. Sunday in Wilmington, according to city police. John J. Jankowski Jr./Special to The News Journal 1 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: WILMINGTON SHOOTINGS IN 2017 Man arrives at Wilmington Hospital following Shot Spotter alert | 0:26 A man walked into Wilmington Hospital Thursday after being wounded by gunfire, nearly 50 minutes after officers were dispatched to the 300 block of N. Van Buren Street. John J. Jankowski Jr./Special to The News Journal 2 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: WILMINGTON SHOOTINGS IN 2017 Raw Video: Police investigate W. 7th & Tatnall street shooting | 0:31 Wilmington police are investigating a shooting Wednesday afternoon close to downtown Wilmington. 11/22/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 3 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: WILMINGTON SHOOTINGS IN 2017 One killed, one injured in Wilmington shooting | 0:32 A 25-year-old was fatally shot in the neck area Sunday night. A 24-year-old was also critically wounded. 11/20/17 Jerry Habraken & Damian Giletto/The News Journal 4 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: WILMINGTON SHOOTINGS IN 2017 18-year-old shot, killed in Wilmington | 0:27 Police say Justin McDermott was fatally shot just after midnight Thursday in Wilmington. 11/9/17 Jerry Habraken & Damian Giletto/The News Journal 5 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: WILMINGTON SHOOTINGS IN 2017 Shooting in Wilmington's West Center City kills man | 0:28 Dwayne Grimes, 19, was killed in a shooting Monday afternoon in Wilmington's West Center City. 10/17/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 6 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: WILMINGTON SHOOTINGS IN 2017 Teenage boy critically injured in Wilmington shooting | 0:26 A 16-year-old boy was critically injured when he was shot in the torso just after midnight on Thursday. 10/5/17 William Bretzger & Damian Giletto 7 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: WILMINGTON SHOOTINGS IN 2017 Man shot during attempted robbery in Wilmington | 0:29 A 22-year-old man was shot multiple times Sunday night. The victim told investigators his was injured during an attempted robbery on S. Van Buren St. 10/2/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 8 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: WILMINGTON SHOOTINGS IN 2017 Man found dead inside idling vehicle | 0:29 A 33-year-old man was found shot to death inside an idling vehicle on Miller Road just after midnight Thursday. 9/28/17 William Bretzger & Damian Giletto/The News Journal 9 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: WILMINGTON SHOOTINGS IN 2017 Man shot while trying to sell motorbike | 0:32 A 24-year-old man is recovering after he was shot by a man trying to steal his motorbike. 9/27/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 10 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: WILMINGTON SHOOTINGS IN 2017 Raw Video: Wilmington Police investigate shooting on N. Harrison St. | 0:23 Wilmington Police investigate scene of shooting on N. Harrison Street early Monday morning. Jerry Habraken / The News Journal 11 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: WILMINGTON SHOOTINGS IN 2017 Weekend shootings sets new record for gun violence in Wilmington | 0:46 Three people were shot over the weekend in Wilmington. For the year, 155 people have been wounded by gunfire breaking the previous record set in 2013. 9/25/17 William Bretzger & Damian Giletto/The News Journal 12 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: WILMINGTON SHOOTINGS IN 2017 Man shot in arm in Wilmington | 0:33 A 23-year-old is recovering following a shooting Monday afternoon in Wilmington. 9/19/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 13 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: WILMINGTON SHOOTINGS IN 2017 Man injured in W. 26th St. shooting | 0:30 A 22-year-old man was shot Tuesday near a memorial that marked the shooting death of a 19-year-old man last week. 9/13/17 William Bretzger & Damian Giletto/The News Journal 14 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: WILMINGTON SHOOTINGS IN 2017 Man shot in thigh in Wilmington | 0:27 A 34-year-old is in stable condition following a shooting late Monday night in Wilmington. 9/12/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 15 of 15 Last VideoNext Video 24-year-old man shot in Wilmington early Sunday
Man arrives at Wilmington Hospital following Shot Spotter alert
Raw Video: Police investigate W. 7th & Tatnall street shooting
One killed, one injured in Wilmington shooting
18-year-old shot, killed in Wilmington
Shooting in Wilmington's West Center City kills man
Teenage boy critically injured in Wilmington shooting
Man shot during attempted robbery in Wilmington
Man found dead inside idling vehicle
Man shot while trying to sell motorbike
Raw Video: Wilmington Police investigate shooting on N. Harrison St.
Weekend shootings set new record for gun violence in Wilmington
Man shot in arm in Wilmington
Man injured in W. 26th St. shooting
Man shot in thigh in Wilmington
Keenan Anderson (Photo: Wilmington Police Department)
A 26-year-old Wilmington man faces up to life in prison for gun charges – and that doesn't take into account charges still pending against him regarding a Wilmington shooting and carjacking.
Keenan Anderson was convicted of possession of a firearm by a prohibited person and carrying a concealed deadly weapon, according to the state Attorney General's Office.
Anderson was stopped by Wilmington police in May 2017 in the 600 block of West Seventh Street because he was wanted in relation to a shooting in the city. When officers patted him down, they found a handgun on him, according to the state.
At the time, police said Anderson had a .38-caliber Hi-Point handgun loaded with seven rounds of ammunition.
RELATED: Man, 25, charged in Wilmington shooting
COURT DOCS: UD police officer used belt to discipline son, charged with child abuse
Anderson was also charged with assault in the first degree, possession of a firearm by a prohibited person, robbery in the first degree and possession of a firearm during the commission of a felony for the May 2017 shooting.
The assault left a 35-year-old man wounded and marked the 85th victim of gun violence for the city last year.
Anderson's sentence could be as short as 23 years, but may span his life.
Contact Brittany Horn at (302) 324-2771 or bhorn@delawareonline.com. Follow her on Twitter at @brittanyhorn.
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2018/02/02/wilmington-man-faces-life-prison-gun-charges/302745002/
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 29-year-old driver who caused a devastating crash resulting in the death of an unborn baby has been told to prepare for jail after being found guilty today (October 6).
Leroy Margolis, of Manville Road in Wandsworth, London, was driving a Volvo V40 on the A1307 Linton bypass on October 1 last year when he tried to overtake a lorry just before 8pm.
But halfway through the manoeuvre, Margolis hit a traffic island before ricocheting sideways into oncoming traffic - crashing into another car and ending up backwards in a bush.
Margolis collided with a VW Polo and the crash resulted in the passenger of the car, Louise Abbott, losing her unborn baby at 25-weeks-old.
Despite her friends' efforts to shield the mum-to-be, the impact of the crash caused the unborn baby's skull to fracture, the court was told.
Margolis, a corporate banker for Lloyds Bank, was found guilty of death by dangerous driving at Cambridge Crown Court after a week-long trial.
Today, the court heard closing arguments from prosecution and defence lawyers.
Prosecutor Edward Renvoize told the jury that the crash could have been much worse if the vehicle coming the other way had been driving in the manner he was.
He described Margolis' actions as "impatient and impetuous", and said there was no reason for him to overtake the lorry in wet conditions.
"Had it not been for him overtaking in these, I suggest, ludicrous circumstances at a speed that he didn't know... had he just sat there at 50 to make sure he had a decent opportunity to overtake, listen to the radio, relax, she [Louise] would still have a baby," he said.
"The reason why he smashed into the island was that he wasn't paying attention.
"These aren't mistakes, they are errors of competency, they display a lackadaisical attitude to being careful, to put it generously.
"He should have known everything on that road. On my submission he fell so far, so far below the standards of a careful and competent driver."
Mr Margolis told the court that he believed it was safe to overtake and still thought he had time to complete the manoeuvre when he saw the other car's headlights coming towards him.
Oliver Jarvis, defending Margolis, told the court he was of "unblemished character" and had accepted his mistake.
Mr Jarvis said that Margolis did what anyone would have done because "people don't want to be stuck behind the lorry."
He told the court Margolis had told the truth from the start and simply hadn't seen any warning signs or the traffic island approaching.
PC Davey told the court on Wednesday (October 4): "The island has no reflective bollards - the thing that as a driver you would expect. Without those, you're left with an area in darkness with a light at a similar height to the forecourt behind it.
"Margolis hadn't seen it, and wouldn't then see it until it was within his [car] headlight range."
But the jury were unanimous in finding Margolis guilty of causing serious injury by dangerous driving.
Margolis was bailed until October 11, when he is due to be sentenced.
Margolis was given an interim driving disqualification for the time being.
Judge Jonathan Cooper said: "Ill consider everything that's said and read everything that has been written about you until sentence.
"You should be prepared for custody. That is plainly a matter that will be considered."
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
Gardening Australia host Costa Georgiadis has returned with a longer show in a new timeslot.
Gardening Australia host Costa Georgiadis has returned with a longer show in a new timeslot.
Costa Georgiadis is returning to screens across the country in a new, hour-long version of Gardening Australia.
Expanded from its previous half-hour format, Georgiadis is excited by what the longer show allows him to do.
"It gives us that chance to dive a little bit deeper into the storytelling but it also gives us a chance to have a regular segment like 'what to do in your part of the country'," he said.
"That's a big thing for everyone gardening because someone in Brisbane isn't planting or operating the same method that someone in Hobart is operating."
There's a new timeslot too, from a Saturday evening to Friday at 7.30pm.
Georgiadis hopes this will bring new viewers, although he's already starting to see a younger crowd become hooked.
"It has traditionally had an older demographic but where we're really working hard and getting headway is through social media, through the internet and through our website," he said.
"The Gardening Australia website is the most visited website in the ABC and over the last five years we've been building Facebook, Instagram and hooking in this younger audience.
"This year we plan to continue to cut our stories and put them out into social media and on YouTube and iView and that way this younger audience who probably don't even own a television are getting into succulents and bonsai and natives and growing their own food."
A huge part of the fresh engagement, Georgiadis says, has been the different food and lifestyle movements people are embracing.
"They have access to more information and they're concerned about where their food is coming from and what's in it.
"Our real mission is to say, 'You don't need a massive garden, you can do it on a rooftop or a balcony or a courtyard or go to a community garden'."
*Gardening Australia airs on Friday at 7.30pm (AEDT) on ABC
Joe Juliano has been a member of our sports staff since 1985. His current beats are Penn State football, college basketball, golf, and the Penn Relays. A graduate of Temple University, he also worked for 10 years with United Press International, the last seven as Philadelphia sports editor.
As he was growing up, Saquon Barkley spent many an NFL Sunday watching games on television with his father, especially those featuring his favorite team, the New York Jets, and his favorite running back, Curtis Martin, whom he wanted to be like.
Now, Barkley waits as the countdown to Thursday night's NFL draft reaches the time when his name will be called in the first round. Will it be Cleveland, or the New York Giants, or his beloved Jets?
What is certain, however, is that whatever team selects him, Barkley is going to be Barkley, a shifting, darting, stutter-stepping, swift, hurdling, pass-catching, all-purpose back who has the potential to blaze his own trail as one of the very best in the NFL, maybe surpassing the achievements of Martin and another one of his favorite players, Barry Sanders.
The hype has been overwhelming since Dec. 31, the day Barkley, a consensus all-American, announced he was giving up his final year of eligibility at Penn State to pursue his NFL dream. That came after a season in which he became the first player in Big Ten history to win offensive player of the year, running back of the year and returner of the year in the same season.
Barkley signed with Roc Nation at the home of Jay-Z, the founder of the entertainment company, a visit he called “one of the coolest moments of my life.” Then on Feb. 7, his 21st birthday, he signed a lucrative endorsement deal with Nike.
Barkley went on to the NFL combine, where he wowed scouts from all 32 NFL teams with an athletic ability rarely found in a sturdy 6-foot, 233-pound frame. He was timed in 4.40 seconds for the 40-yard dash, exhibited a 41-inch vertical leap, and bench-pressed 225 pounds 29 times.
Since then, he has worked hand-in-hand with Roc Nation to establish his brand and appear on pre-draft shows on ESPN. But on Thursday night, it will boil down to football. Barkley is considered by many to be the best running back to come out of college in the last 10 to 20 years.
NFL Network draft analyst Mike Mayock recently told Paul Domowitch of the Inquirer and Daily News that he had Barkley rated higher at running back than three recent top-10 draft picks — Ezekiel Elliott, Leonard Fournette and Todd Gurley — and called him “as clean off the field as anybody in the draft.”
“The bottom line is his lower-body strength and explosion are off the charts, which means his contact balance is, also,” Mayock said. “He can catch the ball. He can pass-protect. He's a three-down back who can do it all.”
Barkley rushed for 1,271 yards last season and finished his career at Penn State with 3,843, second in program history. He accounted for 23 touchdowns – 18 rushing, three receiving, two on kickoff returns — in 2017, when he finished second in the nation in all-purpose yards with 2,239.
What also has impressed NFL executives and scouts about Barkley is his humble demeanor. In his statement announcing that he would move on to the NFL, he thanked Penn State and said, “I will continue to work each and every day to continue to represent Penn State the right way as I move on to the next phase of my life.” Nittany Lions coach James Franklin called him a “once-in-a-lifetime player” who has grown “into a fantastic young man.”
As for the draft, there has been buzz that the Giants, picking second, might try to surround quarterback Eli Manning with talented offensive players to make another run at a Super Bowl, and thus will take Barkley over any of the available quarterbacks. But the Browns could pluck him with either of their two top-four picks, or the quarterback-needy Jets might decide to call his name at No. 3.
Barkley says it makes no difference to him.
“Any team that drafts me, I'm going to be appreciative because it's a dream come true,” he said. “I've been wanting to play in the NFL since I was a little kid.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
ROCKBRIDGE COUNTY, Va. - Schools across Southwest Virginia continue to evaluate safety and security in the wake of the Florida high school shooting, and one district is looking at different security devices to better protect students and staff.
"Everything is on the table for us," said Randy Walters, director of operations and maintenance for Rockbridge County Schools. "We're looking at anything and everything that will make our buildings more secure, whether it's metal detectors, door devices. Anything we can do to make the building safer, we'll take a look at those."
Walters showed 10 News one of the security devices the school district is considering. It is a barricade that attaches to the bottom of a door and prevents an intruder from getting in.
"That's all we're looking for, just a few minutes of time to give the teacher," Walters said. "We want to prevent them from getting into the school. But if they do make their way into the school, we want to make sure our teachers are equipped with the tools that they need."
The district is also trying out locks that fit over the hinge at the top of a door. They've also had conversations with the Rockbridge Sheriff's Office about finding funding for more school resource officers.
"Security is No. 1," said Capt. Tony McFaddin, chief deputy with the Rockbridge County Sheriff's Office.
The district currently has two school resource officers, one at Maury River Middle School and another at Rockbridge County High School. Deputies, city of Lexington police officers and Virginia State Police visit the district's four elementary schools regularly, but there's no full-time officer.
"We never know what threat may be out there or where a threat may come from," McFaddin said. "If we have somebody there already on-site, they can handle the problem a lot quicker."
Walters said the district is also considering security systems that require visitors to be buzzed in. He said the district is constantly evaluating its safety needs.
"It's what we're here for," Walters said. "We want to make sure our kids and our staff, they're safe, and parents have peace of mind that when they send their kids to school that they're going to be safe during the day."
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Reshooting the Agatha Christie whodunnit Ordeal by Innocence gave producers some major headaches.
The BBC drama was scheduled for Christmas, but was shelved when star Ed Westwick, 30, was accused of sexual assaults, which he has denied.
When Christian Cooke, 30, was brought in to play Mickey Argyll instead, it meant reshooting 35 scenes.
Over 12 days in January, Cooke was joined by the original cast for what producer Damian Timmer admits was a “very complicated” process.
Most of the cast were by then working on new projects. Anthony Boyle, 23, was in rehearsals for Harry Potter and the Cursed Child on Broadway, but flew in for a couple of days, and Matthew Goode, 39, was able to offer a “12-hour window”, which meant he lost a night's sleep.
(Image: PA)
Eleanor Tomlinson, 25, went straight from the Christie adaptation to Poldark then straight back to Ordeal by Innocence. Alice Eve, 36, coming from the US, was the only one who failed to make it after she had a problem with her immigration papers.
Director Sandra Goldbacher had to come up with a solution.
She tells Radio Times: “We used split screens in the way you would if the same actor is playing twins in a film.
“We merged Alice's performance from the first version into the new scenes.”
(Image: BBC)
The weather was also an issue because the original filming had taken place in summer.
Sandra says: “The biggest problem was having to cut out icy breath from scenes that were supposed to be taking place in the middle of August.”
Props and costume pieces were flown back from other sets all over Europe. Fortunately, the owners of the Scottish house used as the 1950s location had kept the changes to the decor made by the set designers.
The three-part drama starts on Easter Sunday.
The year prior saw an all-time high of 52 deaths from opioid toxicity — a death rate 48 per cent higher than the provincial average.
Paul Johnson, who has been tapped to lead a new healthy and safe communities division at City Hall, told the general issues committee Thursday Hamilton's response to the opioid crisis dominated "a lot of the thinking" last year.
He pointed to the mayor's opioid summit in January 2017, the development of an opioid public education campaign and the launch of an opioid information website, which tracks local numbers of opioid overdoses, the distribution of naloxone kits and opioid-related deaths.
"We have to at some point step back and say, 'What's our overall strategy?'" Johnson said, adding time needs to be spent not just "fighting fires."
Coming up with a comprehensive city-wide drug and opioid strategy that focuses on prevention, harm reduction, treatment and enforcement was identified in the presentation as one of the priorities for 2018.
One of Eisenberger's priorities in addressing the opioid crisis this year is to follow through on the council-approved supervised injection site for downtown. He said they have "narrowed down" identifying a community agency to run such a facility.
Richardson said the priority is twofold — getting more naloxone kits out, but more importantly, figuring out how to "stem the tide" of what is happening.
Across the province, the goal is reducing the availability of illicit and prescription opioids while taking a look at some of the root causes that can lead people to use, she said.
"How can we back this train up and look at how to reduce the number of people who are using them in the first place?"
Parkinson believes it's up to the province to support local communities in wider distribution of naloxone kits and removing barriers that might exist for some people.
The province covers the cost of kits that municipal public health units distribute.
In Hamilton, public health has increased accessed to naloxone kits by boosting the number of hours the van needle syringe program that hands them out is on the road.
The van now operates seven days a week — up from six — which is a result of funding approved by council at the request of the city's public health department last year.
If someone phones the city wanting a naloxone kit, staff will go and meet the person where they are, Richardson said.
"We want to get them out there."
npaddon@thespec.com
905-526-2420 | @NatatTheSpec
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A school immunisation session stopped halfway through when staff realised that the vaccines had not been stored at the correct temperature.
Many pupils in Year 9 had already received the jabs at Hawarden High School in Flintshire, Wales earlier this week, before the storage issue came to light.
Parents are now worried that the incorrectly stored vaccines could negatively impact their children's health.
But medics at the Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board assured the school that although the vaccines were “temporarily stored outside of their normal parameters” they were safe and will still be effective against tetanus and meningitis .
Parents were later sent letters explaining what had happened, the Daily Post reports.
But many took to social media to share their concerns about whether their children would have any side effects.
(Image: AFP)
One mum said reassurances were given that the batch had only been recalled as a precaution because it emerged there may have been a problem with it not being stored at the correct temperature.
But others sought answers from the local health board until an email was sent out and a letter and leaflet was sent home.
A spokesman for Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board said: “A school vaccination was stopped as a precaution on Wednesday, January 31 at Hawarden High School after we became aware that during the delivery of the vaccines by our supplier earlier in the week they were temporarily stored outside of their normal parameters.
(Image: Daily Post Wales)
"We would like to reassure the children and parents that the vaccines are safe and effective to use, and all children that received the vaccine will benefit from it and do not require revaccination.
“Children who did not receive their vaccines on that day will be offered their vaccines from a new batch of vaccines, a date for this vaccination session is to be arranged in due course."
SEATTLE—Counter-Strike video game co-creator Jess Cliffe appeared in a King County courtroom on Friday, where his bail was set for $150,000 following his booking in a King County jail on Thursday over allegations of sexual exploitation of a minor.
The bail figure was set following a request by the King County Prosecuting Attorney's office to set bail at $250,000 "for the community's safety and the victim's safety." The office, represented by Nyoko Maraire, described its findings of probable cause when requesting that bail figure: Cliffe allegedly contacted at least one minor via a website, who he paid for sex "multiple times." In one encounter, Cliffe purportedly videotaped his sexual contact with this unnamed witness "against her will." After that encounter, the unnamed witness "stopped contact between the parties," the prosecutor alleged.
Maraire did not provide further details about the witness, how exactly the two parties met, or whether Cliffe was specifically made aware of her status as a minor.
"Even if the facts are true as claimed, this was a meeting on an adult website," Cliffe's defense attorney Zachary Wagnild said when requesting that no bail be set for his client. "He was not looking for underage women and had no idea this woman was underage." Wagnild confirmed that his client and the witness indeed had sexual relations, adding that the witness had "said [Cliffe] was very nice." This request for zero bail also claimed Cliffe was not a flight risk and pointed out that he was a longtime Seattle homeowner with his girlfriend, who was in attendance at the hearing.
The 36-year-old Cliffe was clad in an all-red jumpsuit and plastic slippers. He did not speak at the hearing. Wagnild requested that any media present not take photos or videos of his client's face. Pro Tem Judge Rod Benjamin upheld this request, pointing out that Cliffe has "not been charged with a crime at this point."
Judge Benjamin set the $150,000 figure and described Cliffe as a "risk to the community based on these findings." A no-contact order was set between Cliffe and the witness, and the order is set to expire February 23. Judge Benjamin also upheld the prosecutor's additional request that Cliffe be ordered to not possess firearms for the same amount of time.
Cliffe's next King County court appearance has been set for Monday, February 5. He had not posted paid bail as of press time. Valve Software had announced following Cliffe's Thursday arrest that he had been "suspended" until further notice. Valve representatives did not immediately respond to request for comment about Friday's hearing.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A bodybuilding mum-of-two's strict diet of protein shakes and egg whites has been blamed for contributing to her sudden death at just 25.
Trainee paramedic Meegan Hefford was on the special eating regime to get into shape for a bodybuilding tournament.
But she didn't realise she had a rare, undiagnosed condition that prevented her body from breaking down protein properly.
Meegan, who was a son aged five and a daughter aged seven, was discovered unconscious by an estate agent carrying a property inspection at her flat and rushed to hospital .
Doctors were baffled over why a young woman who seemed fit and healthy was losing so much brain activity.
(Image: meeganheff/Instagram)
(Image: meeganheff/Instagram)
Her condition - urea cycle disorder - leads to potentially fatal levels of ammonia in the bloodstream and excessive fluid on the brain.
Meegan, from Mandurah, Australia, was eventually pronounced brain dead and passed away.
Her death certificate says she died from an "intake of bodybuilding supplements" as well as the undiagnosed illness.
(Image: meeganheff/Instagram)
(Image: meeganheff/Instagram)
Now her heartbroken family want more to be done to restrict the sales of protein shakes.
Meegan was also regularly eating protein-rich foods, such as meat and egg whites, ahead of the bodybuilding competition next month.
Michelle White, Meegan's mum, said her daughter had stepped up her gym routine shortly before her death and was frequently exercising twice a day.
(Image: meeganheff/Instagram)
“I said to her ‘I think you're doing too much at the gym, calm down, slow it down',” her mum told perthnow.com .
“I couldn't believe what the doctors were telling me, she was dying. I said ‘you have to give her more time' because she didn't look sick, she looked beautiful."
Meegan's children were taken to say goodbye to her and her organs were donated to transplant patients.
(Image: meeganheff/Instagram)
So far four lives have been saved as her heart, lung and kidneys were donated, but her liver could not be transplanted because of it was so badly damaged by her illness.
Meegan's protein supplement usage was only discovered after her death when her mum found half a dozen containers in her kitchen, which she believes were bought online and in shops.
Now Ms White is calling for tougher regulation of these products: “I know there are people other than Meegan who have ended up in hospital because they've overloaded on supplements. The sale of these products needs to to more regulated.”
The driver, 25-year-old Alek Manassian, is in custody after being arrested in a dramatic confrontation with a police officer following a van attack in Toronto. Picture: LinkedIn
The driver, 25-year-old Alek Manassian, is in custody after being arrested in a dramatic confrontation with a police officer following a van attack in Toronto. Picture: LinkedIn
TORONTO van massacre accused Alek Minassian has been charged with 10 counts of first degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, was wearing a white forensic jumpsuit when he appeared in court.
He spoke his name and agreed that he understood the charges.
He showed no expression, nodding along and speaking abruptly and clearly when he addressed the court.
Minassian, who does not yet have a lawyer, was ordered to not contact any of his victims.
First degree murder carries a life sentence in Canada.
An elderly man sat silently in court with tears running down his face as Minassian appeared.
He was mobbed by a large media pack as he left court.
Asked if he had any message to Toronto, he quietly said: "sorry".
There is still no indication of a motive for yesterday's attack, which left a 2km path of destruction down one of Toronto's busiest streets.
Authorities continue to play down any connections to terrorism.
Minassian will reappear in court on May 10.
SUSPECT WAS 'INVOLUNTARILY CELIBATE'
His court appearence came as reports suggested his Facebook posts described himself as "involuntarily celibate" and seeking revenge on society.
In one message, he reportedly praised mass murderer Elliot Rodger, who was 22 when he killed six people in a knife, gun and car rampage in California in 2014.
"The Incel Rebellion has already begun!" said the Facebook post seen by the CBC. "We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys! All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger!"
Elliot Rodger was know as the “virgin killer”. Picture: Supplied
An incel is a term used to refer to men who have been made "involuntarily celibate" because women will not have sex with them.
A "Chad" is a term used to refer to sexually active men. A "Stacy" is the female version.
Although the attack had the hallmarks of recent deadly vehicle assaults by ISIS supporters in the United States and Europe, federal officials said it did not represent a larger threat to national security.
Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said Minassian had not previously been known to authorities.
"The actions definitely looked deliberate," Saunders said.
An Oregon-based reporter for KGU was physically assaulted by a Portland open-borders activist who was attempting to force her to stop covering the event.The mob of protesters is upset that KGU reporter Maggie Vespa was filming a family that was going into an appointment at the ICE office. As Vespa noted on social media, faces can be blurred and not all footage is always used.Vespa described the militant group of protesters as "frightening in that moment."As we reported earlier on Friday, Portland open-borders protesters also berated a young female KATU reporter over her appearance until the abuse became so over the top that she was forced off air.The leftist abusers hurled sexist insults at the reporter while claiming that the station had reported that Immigration and Customs Enforcement could not be abolished.In a post on Facebook about the verbal abuse, the reporter, Genevieve Reaume wrote "instances similar to this forced me off the air this morning. They prevented me from fully doing my job, reporting the facts and giving our community a complete picture of what was happening.""Our job is to tell both sides. Just because you don't agree with a side doesn't mean it's wrong," Reaume wrote.The Portland activists had set up an encampment outside the ICE offices for over a week to demand open borders and that the agency be abolished. The occupation was finally raided by the Department of Homeland Security on Thursday - though the protesters remain.The building had been closed since June 20 due to the threat from the protesters.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An uninsured driver left two vulnerable children without their mother after he mowed her down while fleeing police.
Daniel Raeburn did not even have a licence when he ploughed into charity fundraiser Susan Shaw in the Boxing Day hit-and-run.
The mum-of-two suffered catastrophic injuries and died at the scene.
Raeburn, 31, has a string of previous motoring convictions including driving without a licence, no insurance and failing to stop after an accident, reports the Manchester Evening News.
(Image: Accrington Observer/MEN Media)
'We're the ones serving the real sentence': Mum's pain as driver who killed son given just six months behind bars
He fled the scene of the fatal crash before dumping his Vauxhall Corsa nearby.
He was arrested five days later following a nationwide manhunt.
Raeburn has now pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving, driving without a licence and no insurance following the smash in Rishton, Lancashire.
(Image: Accrington Observer/MEN Media)
(Image: Accrington Observer/MEN Media)
Hit-and-run drunk driver who blamed homeless man after smashing his Mercedes into takeaway avoids jail
He faces up to 14 years behind bars.
Mum Susan, of Rishton, cared for her daughter Leanne, 27, and son Adam, 25, who both have severe epilepsy.
Speaking after the guilty plea Susan's mum Annette Shaw told how her daughter's death had left "two beautiful, vulnerable children without a mother and a carer".
Mrs Shaw added: “While there is some relief at the decision taken by the defendant to take responsibility for his actions today and plead guilty, nothing can undo what has happened or help mend the huge impact on mine and the rest of the family's lives and take away our pain.
(Image: Accrington Observer/MEN Media)
“The whole family remains traumatised by Susan's death.
“As a family, we believe we have been given a life sentence and that my daughter has been taken away too early and her two beautiful, vulnerable children are now left without a mother and a carer.
“Susan was a much loved and cherished family member, and a well-loved member of the community.
“She was always generous with her time, with both friends and strangers alike. It is heartbreaking what has happened to her. She did not deserve it.”
Burnley Crown Court heard that Raeburn had written a letter apologising to Susan's family.
(Image: Accrington Observer/MEN Media)
Defence barrister Mark Stuart said: “[Raeburn] has already given a letter which really is just an apology to the family of the deceased.
“It doesn't set out to mitigate his own position because that can't be done. The only mitigation is his guilty plea.”
Judge Beverley Lunt warned Raeburn he faced a ‘very substantial period of imprisonment'.
Raeburn, of Accrington, will be sentenced on February 21.
Reshma Ragoonath
Reshma Ragoonath is a Trinidadian journalist with 16 years media experience with a strong background in print with her most recent stint at The Cayman Reporter. She has a BA in Mass Communications, as well as, an Associate degree in Journalism and Public Relations.
Moscow on Friday faced over 130 fake bomb calls that prompted the evacuation of some 100,000 people from shopping malls, schools, railway stations and office buildings.It was the most massive flurry of fake bomb threats since a wave of bomb hoaxes began in early September. The fake bomb threats have affected dozens of Russian cities and incurred massive economic damages.Among those targeted by the bomb calls Friday were all four Moscow airports, five railway stations, 15 shopping malls, several hotels, more than 20 schools and many other venues, the state Tass news agency said. No explosives have been found in the anonymous calls.Flights to and from Moscow weren't affected, as security agents at the airports checked for explosives without holding evacuations.The bomb calls continued until the evening, when the Luzhniki sports arena and office buildings in the Moscow City district were evacuated - including the Moscow city hall legislature and the government's analytical center.Alexander Bortnikov, the director of the Federal Security Service (FSB), the main KGB successor, said Thursday the agency had tracked down four people suspected of engineering the wave of hoaxes.Bortnikov said the suspects were Russians living abroad who had accomplices inside the country, but he wouldn't identify them or describe their motives. He added that the perpetrators were using internet connections to make the calls, making them hard to identify.Russian media have speculated that the fake calls might have been launched from neighboring Ukraine - which has been angered by Moscow's 2014 annexation of Crimea and it supports for pro-Russia separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine - or staged by other Kremlin foes. There has been no evidence to back any of the theories, however.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Cheltenham-Gloucester ‘super city' will be a cultural hub by 2050, according to industry experts in Gloucestershire.
At a panel event organised by GFirst LEP, a panel of five industry experts gave a deeper insight of what Gloucestershire may look like in 2050.
Vision 2050, which was launched in February, outlined plans to improve Gloucestershire in the future with a Cotswold Airport, Is a third Severn crossing connecting Lydney and Sharpness, and, of course, the idea of the ‘super city' among those floated.
The super city would see land between Cheltenham and Gloucester built on in order to form one large urban hub.
Hollie Smith-Charles, director of the Gloucester Culture Trust, was one of the speakers at the event and highlighted the need to improve the cultural offerings in Gloucestershire.
She said: “In Gloucester, where I am based, we are soaking up as much as we can from what has been done elsewhere.
“We're looking at Hull, which has just been city of culture, and Coventry, which has just won city of culture.
“There are specific guidelines and criteria that you have to fill in for that scheme.
“It is a very exciting scheme and we are thinking about whether it is something we want to get serious about.
“But, regardless of that particular thing, I think there are many ways that the whole of Gloucestershire can get better as a place of culture.
“If you look at Cheltenham and Gloucester, there are complimentary offers and the two areas can work together to do that, that is already happening.
“If Gloucestershire is recognised as a great place to either watch, take part in or create culture – that is good for everybody regardless of where it happens in the county.”
Roger Mortlock, chief executive of Gloucestershire Wildlife Trust, Jason Smith, chief executive of Marketing Gloucester and Jenny Raymond, partner at Harrison Clark Rickerbys, also spoke at the event.
Mrs Smith-Charles added: “Cheltenham is obviously very well-regarded for festivals and Gloucester has been investing in them for years.
“There are festivals that happen in Gloucester that can only happen there, like the Tall Ships and the History Festival.
“I don't see it as an ‘us and them', ‘Cheltenham and Gloucester', thing.
“I just see it as a way of making the county as a whole more distinctive and attractive to people that might want to come here.”
One of the problems that has left to Vision 2050 being set up is the talent train with young people leaving the county every year. Some 400 young people leave the county every year, and, in contrast, Bristol gains 4,000 every year.
Mrs Smith-Charles believes that improving the culture of Gloucestershire can help retain young people.
She said: “If we want to attract more young people, there needs to be an offer.
“Yes there needs to be jobs and affordable housing but, actually, how do you make places distinctive.
“That is the real value that culture can bring.
“Taking part, visiting or being an audience member in a theatre show takes you out of that norm and I think that is one of the reasons young people like cities.
“There is no reason that Gloucester, Cheltenham and the rest of the county cannot offer that.
“Gloucestershire does not stand out at the moment as somewhere that you can come and have that experience.
“That is where culture can really add to the future development.”
HARTFORD, Conn. (WTNH) — A Hartford police sergeant has been arrested and is facing multiple charges following an internal investigation.
Hartford police say Sgt. Justin Torniero, a 10-year-veteran of the force, was arrested on Monday.
According to police, Sgt. Torniero repeatedly took a police vehicle while on accrued leave, filled it with gas, and drove it for miles without permission. Investigators say that he also tampered with an automatic vehicle locator.
Sgt. Torniero is facing charges of Using a Motor Vehicle without Permission, Larceny in the Sixth Degree, and Computer Crime in the Fifth Degree.
He was issued a $1,000 non-surety bond and has been suspended without pay. He is scheduled to appear in court on Dec. 21.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Physical activity can protect you against depression regardless of your age, according to a new study.
Scientists from King's College London analysed data from 49 studies involving a total of 266,939 people, to assess whether exercise is linked to a reduced risk of developing depression.
Their analysis revealed that people who regularly exercised had lower odds of developing depression than those who did little activity.
This was the case for youths, adults and even elderly participants - showing the benefits of exercise for all age groups.
(Image: Getty)
Dr Brendon Stubbs, co-author of the study, said: “We found that higher levels of physical activity were protective from future depression in children, adults and older adults, across every continent and after taking into account other important factors such as body mass index, smoking and physical health conditions.
“Given the multitude of other health benefits of physical activity, our data add to the pressing calls to prioritise physical activity across the lifespan.”
The researchers now hope to carry out further studies to understand the effects of different types of activity and 'dosages' on subsequent risk for depression.
Dr Simon Rosenbaum, co-author of the study, added: “The challenge ahead is ensuring that this overwhelming evidence is translated into meaningful policy change that creates environments and opportunities to help everyone, including vulnerable members of our society, engage in physical activity.”
The group describes itself as a forum for "bloke-related discussion and banter". Picture: Facebook
The group describes itself as a forum for "bloke-related discussion and banter". Picture: Facebook
PEOPLE with disabilities, amputees and bashed cyclists are being savagely ridiculed in an Aussie men's banter group with more than 180,000 members.
Now, some of the controversial Facebook group's members say comments on the page have gone too far after people with Down syndrome were slammed as "freaks" in a vile thread.
Aussie Man Cave has more than 500 member requests a day. One of the administrators told news.com.au that almost anything goes on the page and its members are merely using their right to free speech.
A spat between members began earlier this week when a video of people with disabilities dating was uploaded with the caption "At home with Mr and Mrs Potato".
Some members attacked the video's poster and the no-holds-barred comments which quickly began to stack up under the controversial post - saying those ridiculing the couple had "no morals" and they were "taking it too far".
The page also includes posts where violence towards cyclists and "lefties" is condoned and laughed at.
Chris* of Bankstown generally loves the freedom of the group, but feels these type of attacks went "way too far" and that a "sick minority" is bringing the page down.
He joined the closed group after his mates showed him a few funny videos on the page of drunken people falling over.
"It's pretty funny stuff and there's always something being uploaded," he said. "I knew there was going to be some offensive stuff on there, but I think people just whinge about anything these days so I didn't really care."
However, there were a few posts among the lewd pictures of women, memes mocking the Greens and videos of Aussie blokes doing stupid things, that caught his eye for all the wrong reasons.
"The right-wing stuff is fair game, but there is a sick minority of people ruining it by just taking it way too far with videos taking the p*ss out of disabled people, amputees and overweight kids," he said. "They just have no respect for others."
A video of a cyclist being attacked was praised by some members. Picture: Facebook
The member who posted the video mocking the couple with Down syndrome has since been removed from the group, but he had one last message for his haters.
"For all the sooks, snowflakes and whinging little b**ches plaguing Man Cave now, these ones for you!!!" he posted before sharing one last video of an expletive-laden parody song.
Several other videos have also caused a spat between members of the controversial page in recent days.
One post features a video of an elderly man being viciously pushed off his pushbike by man in a passing car.
The bloke who posted it said the attacker should be the prime minister of Australia and dozens of others chipped in celebrating the attack.
"If this video doesn't prove normal people's dislike for Lycra glad (sic) road toads nothing will!!!" one commenter wrote. "Start abiding by the road rules or f**k off into a bush!!!!! Lol."
However, not everybody condoned the video.
"If it was your family member, child etc you'd be trying to find the guy to bash the s**t out of him. Idiots," wrote one commenter.
"This guy could have seriously been hurt," wrote another. "He could have kids waiting at home or could be the main carer in his household and if he is seriously injured because someone thinks this s**t is funny."
Another contentious post earlier this week showed far-right protesters in Portland, Oregon, launching a savage assault on demonstrators from the Left-wing anti-fascist group Antifa.
"Likes" and laughing face emojis came flooding in and the comments thread began to fill up with remarks such as "look them lefties get hooked haha classic".
Jye*, an administrator for Aussie Man Cave, said the group started out as a "casual meeting point where people can come in and rant, rave, complain or talk about something good".
He said the video of a couple with Down syndrome had been taken down, but those posting offensive comments calling them "freaks" were not removed from the group.
"Part of free speech is the right to voice your say over something offending you," he said.
However, he said the three administrators of Man Cave did "have to draw a line somewhere".
"Nudity is deleted instantly and repeat offenders are banned on the spot," he said. "This is a Facebook rule, not ours, but we have to enforce it if we want the group to keep existing.
"Anything with cruelty to animals is taken down instantly and usually the original poster is banned.
"Outside of that, we do remove hideously offensive or cruel videos, but as it's run as a team these are generally things that need to be done as a group decision, particularly if I'm offline. Unfortunately these group decisions do take a while.
"I've seen some horrific videos in there, and I'm quite proud of the fact I've taken them down instantly. Again I'm not against free speech, but I'm not a fan of harm or cruelty."
However, he was concerned about some of the things that were posted.
"I don't agree with them at all but I don't feel I should delete posts based on my personal feelings, outside of the obvious boundary-pushing posts," he said.
"Man Cave is for everyone, but people need to understand somebody might post something that they don't like and, if it isn't awful, it'll likely stay.
"People are significantly more outspoken behind a keyboard; this is just a part of social media."
And, just in case you were wondering, women are allowed to join the group.
"Chicks are welcome but only if they are cool as f*** and respect that this is a blokes group with blokey topics and banter," the group's rules read. "Annoying sooky drama queens are booted immediately."
* Surname has been omitted at interviewee's request
Picture: Facebook
Alternatives are desperately needed as more and more bacteria evolve resistance to the drugs we use today, reports MIT Technology Review . Each year in the US, about two million people become infected with resistant bacteria, and at least 23,000 of those die from their infections.
Patients in danger of dying from uncontrollable bacterial infections could find new allies: killer viruses known as phages. Armed with advances in DNA sequencing and artificial intelligence, a few startups are turning these natural enemies of bacteria into promising alternatives to antibiotics.
Resistance is much less likely to develop with phages, because each type of phage infects a specific type of bacteria. Using them to fight infections is an old idea. But until recently, finding the right type of phage was little more than guesswork. Sometimes a doctor would inject a patient with a phage and it would work, and sometimes it wouldn't.
As a result, phage therapy is now used only for the sickest patients, as a treatment of last resort. But DNA sequencing and artificial intelligence could make finding the right phage much easier, turning the strategy into a more practical treatment option.
“We can sequence a phage quickly and say, this is the exact DNA sequence we want,” says Paul Grint, CEO of AmpliPhi Biosciences, a startup that is concocting combinations of phages in advance to treat bacterial infections like Staphylococcus aureus. “Ideally, we want a product that we can take out of the refrigerator and give it to a patient,” he says.
Continue reading...
By Luc Cohen
BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump's trade chief said on Monday that the World Trade Organization (WTO) is losing its focus on trade negotiations in favor of litigation, and was going too easy on wealthier developing countries such as China.
With Trump's "America First" trade agenda casting a cloud over the WTO's 11th ministerial meeting in Buenos Aires, representatives of other major members criticized protectionism and advocated a stronger multilateral trading system, while acknowledging the WTO's shortcomings.
U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, who has said he does not want major agreements out of the meeting, voiced concern that the WTO was becoming a litigation-centered organization.
"Too often members seem to believe they can gain concessions through lawsuits that they could never get at the negotiating table," he said. "We have to ask ourselves whether this is good for the institution and whether the current litigation structure makes sense."
Too many countries were not following WTO rules, he complained, and too many wealthier members had been given unfair exemptions as developing countries.
"We need to clarify our understanding of development within the WTO. We cannot sustain a situation in which new rules can only apply to a few and that others will be given a pass in the name of self-proclaimed development status," Lighthizer told the conference's opening session.
He said five of the six richest countries claim developing country status at the WTO, without providing evidence to back up the assertion. A Lighthizer spokeswoman later said he was referring to the six countries with the highest gross domestic product per capita, according to International Monetary Fund measurements.
Five, including Qatar and Singapore, claim developing status, which provides longer times to implement WTO agreements and more opportunities to boost trade.
Ahead of the meeting, the United States blocked efforts to draft a joint statement emphasizing the "centrality" of the global trade system and the need to aid development. Its opposition has raised concerns that the WTO will not be able to accomplish even modest goals, such as addressing fishing and agricultural subsidies, at the conference.
"We need to have a clear objective in mind," European Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom said. "For the European Union, this is clear: to preserve and to strengthen the rules-based multilateral trading system."
SWIPES AT CHINA
Trump has indicated his preference for bilateral deals over the multilateral system embodied by the WTO. The United States has vetoed new judges for trade disputes, pushing the organization into a crisis.
Several countries' delegates criticized that delay on Monday, without mentioning the United States. South Korean Trade Minister Kim Hyun-chong, whose resignation as a WTO appellate judge this year created one of the openings, said members should "promptly fill all the vacancies."
"We need to collectively and expeditiously resolve this impasse," Indian Commerce Minister Suresh Prabhu told the conference.
Lighthizer said it was impossible to negotiate new rules when many of the current ones were not being followed, and added that too many members viewed exemptions from WTO rules as a path to faster growth.
In a thinly veiled swipe at China's trade practices, Lighthizer said the United States was leading negotiations to "correct the sad performance of many members in notification and transparency."
Japan's Trade and Economy Minister Hiroshige Seko said Japan would support efforts to boost reporting standards.
The United States is backing the EU in its resistance to recognizing China as a market economy, arguing the government unfairly intervenes in the economy. The case is before the WTO and a victory for Beijing could dramatically lower tariffs on imports of Chinese goods.
Chinese Commerce Minister Zhong Shan said on Monday that while trade protection was rising, no country would be able to succeed in isolation and that WTO rules were critical to protecting globalization.
"Let us join hands and take real action to uphold the authority and efficacy of the WTO," Zhong said.
(Reporting by Luc Cohen, David Lawder and Tom Miles; Editing by Susan Thomas)
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on President Donald Trump and the weekend's violence and death in Charlottesville, Virginia (all times local):
12:45 p.m.
President Donald Trump is saying that "racism is evil" as he condemns the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists as "criminals and thugs."
He is speaking in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House after meeting with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI director Christopher Wray about the race-fueled violence Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump has come under fire for his comments Saturday that "many sides" are to blame for the violence. In those remarks, he did not single out white supremacists or any other hate group, even as Republican lawmakers and others in his White House did condemn them by name.
___
11 a.m.
President Donald Trump is back at the White House and ignoring shouted questions about the race-fueled clashes in in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump briefly waved as he walked alone into the building, which is under renovation. He did not respond to loud queries from reporters about whether he condemns white supremacists and whether he condemns the actions of neo-Nazis.
One woman was killed Saturday when a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters who'd gathered to oppose a rally by white nationalists and others who oppose a plan to remove from a Charlottesville park of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
Trump has said "many sides" are to blame for violence.
The president is in Washington for one day during a working vacation mostly in Bedminster, New Jersey.
___
9:20 a.m.
The CEO of the nation's third largest pharmaceutical company is resigning from the President's American Manufacturing Council citing "a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
President Donald Trump lashed out almost immediately Monday at Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier on Twitter, saying Frazier "will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!"
Frazier's resignation comes shortly after a violent confrontation between white supremacists and protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, that left one person dead and 19 injured. He said in a tweet on Monday that the country's leaders must "honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy."
Trump responded to Saturday's violence in Charlottesville by blaming bigotry on "many sides." He has not explicitly condemned the white supremacists.
___
9:15 a.m.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions is telling ABC's "Good Morning America" that the death of a woman in Charlottesville, Virginia, "does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute."
Sessions said the Justice Department is pursuing the case "in every way."
He added: "You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought, because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that cannot be accepted in America."
Sessions also says he is meeting with President Donald Trump and officials from the FBI on Monday to discuss the recent violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
___
7:00 a.m.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions says "too much has been read into" President Donald Trump's statement Saturday amid violence at a protest in Charlottesville, Virginia, related to the removal of a Confederate monument.
In several television interviews on Monday, Sessions said Trump had "explicitly condemned" violence and that "he totally opposes" the values espoused by white supremacy organizations. Trump referenced violence "on many sides."
He tells NBC News that Trump " will be speaking to the people today" although he isn't sure what Trump will say. Sessions added: "He's been firm on this from the beginning. He is appalled by this."
___
3:44 a.m.
As President Donald Trump remained out of sight and silent, pressure mounted from both sides of the aisle for him to explicitly condemn white supremacists and hate groups involved in deadly, race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump, who has been at his New Jersey golf club on a working vacation, was set to make a one-day return to Washington on Monday to sign an executive action on China's trade practices. But he will likely be unable to escape questions and criticism for his initial response to the Saturday's violence, for which he blamed bigotry on "many sides."
The White House tried to stem the damage on Sunday. Senior aides were dispatched to the morning news shows, yet they struggled at times to explain the president's position. A new White House statement on Sunday explicitly denounced the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups, but it was attributed to an unnamed spokesperson and not the president himself.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)d violence Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump has come under fire for his comments Saturday that "many sides" are to blame for the violence. In those remarks, he did not single out white supremacists or any other hate group, even as Republican lawmakers and others in his White House did condemn them by name.
___
11 a.m.
President Donald Trump is back at the White House and ignoring shouted questions about the race-fueled clashes in in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump briefly waved as he walked alone into the building, which is under renovation. He did not respond to loud queries from reporters about whether he condemns white supremacists and whether he condemns the actions of neo-Nazis.
One woman was killed Saturday when a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters who'd gathered to oppose a rally by white nationalists and others who oppose a plan to remove from a Charlottesville park of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
Trump has said "many sides" are to blame for violence.
The president is in Washington for one day during a working vacation mostly in Bedminster, New Jersey.
___
9:20 a.m.
The CEO of the nation's third largest pharmaceutical company is resigning from the President's American Manufacturing Council citing "a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
President Donald Trump lashed out almost immediately Monday at Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier on Twitter, saying Frazier "will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!"
Frazier's resignation comes shortly after a violent confrontation between white supremacists and protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, that left one person dead and 19 injured. He said in a tweet on Monday that the country's leaders must "honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy."
Trump responded to Saturday's violence in Charlottesville by blaming bigotry on "many sides." He has not explicitly condemned the white supremacists.
___
9:15 a.m.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions is telling ABC's "Good Morning America" that the death of a woman in Charlottesville, Virginia, "does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute."
Sessions said the Justice Department is pursuing the case "in every way."
He added: "You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought, because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that cannot be accepted in America."
Sessions also says he is meeting with President Donald Trump and officials from the FBI on Monday to discuss the recent violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
___
7:00 a.m.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions says "too much has been read into" President Donald Trump's statement Saturday amid violence at a protest in Charlottesville, Virginia, related to the removal of a Confederate monument.
In several television interviews on Monday, Sessions said Trump had "explicitly condemned" violence and that "he totally opposes" the values espoused by white supremacy organizations. Trump referenced violence "on many sides."
He tells NBC News that Trump " will be speaking to the people today" although he isn't sure what Trump will say. Sessions added: "He's been firm on this from the beginning. He is appalled by this."
___
3:44 a.m.
As President Donald Trump remained out of sight and silent, pressure mounted from both sides of the aisle for him to explicitly condemn white supremacists and hate groups involved in deadly, race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump, who has been at his New Jersey golf club on a working vacation, was set to make a one-day return to Washington on Monday to sign an executive action on China's trade practices. But he will likely be unable to escape questions and criticism for his initial response to the Saturday's violence, for which he blamed bigotry on "many sides."
The White House tried to stem the damage on Sunday. Senior aides were dispatched to the morning news shows, yet they struggled at times to explain the president's position. A new White House statement on Sunday explicitly denounced the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups, but it was attributed to an unnamed spokesperson and not the president himself.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
New Delhi: Railway Minister Piyush Goyal today said he has been informed by the Railway Board that no diesel locomotives will be allowed in the Delhi area after March 2019, indicating that the national transporter was on track to completely phase out such locomotives by 2022.
Speaking at the Institute of Railway Electrical Engineers, Goyal emphasised the need for transformation and change in the work culture of the Railways.
"The Member Traction, Railway Board, has said that by March 2019, no diesel loco hauled train would be permitted in Delhi area...Railways will be completely LED lit in the next eight months," he said.
Goyal also said that as of January 31, 2018, 279 electric locomotives have been built.
"Now, let's worry about how to convert this 279 into 1,000. We don't have the luxury of time...Let's see if we can make it by 2019, let us start with that," he said.
He also urged Ghanshyam Singh, Member Traction, Railway Board, to reduce the cost of electrification by using automation and modern technologies.
During the event, he also released the news bulletin 'GARVITA' and launched a mobile app for public transparency.
The Railway ministry has set a target of 2022 to switch to electric locomotives completely by phasing out their diesel counterparts with a focus on increasing speed.
The Railways will save about Rs 11,500 crore annually through such a move, officials said.
(With PTI inputs)
Renault is gearing up to update two of its models – the Twingo and the Clio. We've already spotted the Twingo out testing with a facelifted appearance. Now, we have more images of the Clio running about covered in camouflage. This will be the fifth generation for the Clio hatch.
It's still hard to pick out any new design details as the car is heavily covered in both camo and fake body panels – to confuse rival onlookers. The shape is familiar with new headlights and taillights discernable. The new car is said to be influenced by Renault Symbioz Concept with the interior being home by a dominated digital screen.
While the new design is good – the current-gen Clio entered the market in 2012 – the bigger news is about all the rumored tech that'll be available in the vehicle. Basic self-driving technology such as Level 1 autonomous functionality – maybe even Level 2 hands-off capability – is expected. But that's not all. A fully electric version is coming, or so says the rumors. These are features not often found in the Clio's market, which includes the Ford Fiesta and Volkswagen Polo. That kind of technology will undoubtedly help the Clio feel new and fresh against its competitors.
The fully electric powertrain would be just one of several possible powertrains available. Currently, there are several four-cylinder gasoline and diesel engines available in the car. There's even a 1.6-liter turbocharged mill that gets the Clio to 60 mph in under seven seconds. It's unlikely Renault would entirely overhaul every single engine offered, so expect at least a few of the current engine options to carry over to the fifth generation.
As we get closer to the Paris Motor Show in September, expect to see more and more of the Clio with less and less camouflage.
Source: CarPix
Market Highlights:
Targeting pods are an electronic device used by ground-attack aircraft for identifying targets and guiding Precision-Guided Munitions (PGM), such as laser-guided bombs to those targets. This will benefit the air-to-ground attacks in autonomous or cooperative mode, using integrated laser spot tracker and laser market. The increasing military aircraft procurement by various countries has led to an increase in the demand for aircraft payload-based targeting system, which are targeting pods, for capability enhancement in precision targeting. Therefore, significant investment has been made on the development of the targeting pods design, which would witness a rapid growth during the forecast period. However, major restraint of the market is the technical constraints of manufacturing targeting pods. To overcome the manufacturing issues, the Russian Air Force made a breakthrough in manufacturing piezoelectric ceramic film strips, leading to a breakthrough in building targeting pods.
The increased need for futuristic technologies, such as infrared technologies, thermally cooled infrared devices, and forward-looking infrared technology, will enable the manufacturers to offer new growth opportunities for the market players. The factors responsible for the growth of the globally targeting pods market are the increasing military aircraft procurement and upgrades of existing aircraft across the world.
Recently, Northrop Grumman signed a contract with the U.S. military to modernize the latter's advanced targeting systems. These upgrades would improve the range and resolution capabilities of targeting pods. Similarly, Ultra Electronic Holdings Plc signed a contract with the U.K Eurofighter Typhoon aircraft to provide airborne laser targeting pods.
Request a Sample report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/6021
Major Key Players
Lockheed Martin (U.S.),
Aselsan (Turkey),
Thales Group (France),
Raytheon Company (U.S.),
Northrop Grumman (U.S.),
L-3 Technologies (U.S.),
Ultra Electronics (U.K),
Israel Aerospace Industries (Israel),
MOOG Inc. (U.S.),
Flir Systems (U.S.), Rafael Advanced Defense Systems Ltd. (Israel), and Qioptik (Paris)
Market Segmentation
The globally Targeting Pods Market has been segmented into type, component, platform, fit, and region. Based on type, the FLIR & Laser designator pods segment is widely used and comprises the largest share in the market due to increasing use of forward-looking infrared sensors, along with laser designators for targeting and surveillance. Based on the component segment, the FLIR sensor segment is expected to have the largest demand in the targeting pods market during the forecast period due to increased spending on aircraft with precision attack capabilities in low light conditions. Based on platform, the combat aircraft segment has the largest demand in the targeting pods market due to the increased spending on upgrading existing aircraft and new aircraft procurement programs, especially for precision ground attack capabilities. Among fit segment, OEM has the largest demand in targeting pods market due to increased spending on airborne targeting and laser designation systems.
Regional Analysis
On the basis of region, the market is segmented into North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, and South America. The Europe region is expected to dominate the market in the future, due to increased spending on advanced airborne targeting systems by countries, such as the U.K, France, and Russia and the upgrades and procurement of targeting pod-based aircraft. The reason for Russia's dominance in the Europe targeting pods market can be attributed to the country's aircraft upgrades programs. Asia Pacific region is second to the European region in the global targeting pods market due to the increasing need for public safety and increased defense budgets of developing countries. For instance, Egypt has signed an agreement with Lockheed Martin to provide Low Altitude Navigation and Targeting Infrared for Night (LANTIRN) navigation and targeting pod system that allows the host aircraft to fly at low altitudes, at night and under-the-weather to attack ground targets with a variety of precision-guided weapons. The system comprises the/AAQ-13 navigation pod and AN/AAQ-14 targeting pod. Thus, the global targeting pods market is estimated to witness approximately 7% CAGR from 2018 to 2023.
Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/targeting-pods-market-6021
The report for Global Targeting Pods Market of Market Research Future comprises extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts, key opinion leaders to gain the deeper insight of the market and industry performance.
The world market for specialty fertilizers is exhibiting steady progress in the last few years. All over the world, the growing need for food to cater to the ever-expanding base of human population has compelled to augment yield of crop through means of practices of modern farming. Due to the fact that conventional practices of agriculture are unable to produce the required amount of yield that is needed to feed this huge base of human population across the globe.
Get Research Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/specialty-fertilizers-market.html
In addition to this fact, various initiatives and investment associated with research and development for the introduction and implementation of novel specialty fertilizers are also bolstering the growth of specialty fertilizers market worldwide. Some of the eminent market participants in the world market for specialty fertilizers comprise names like Coromandel International Limited, The Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc., Yara International ASA, Sociedad Quimica Y Minera S.A., Haifa Chemicals Limited, Israel Chemical Limited, and Agrium Inc. amongst many others
In accordance with a market intelligence report on specialty fertilizers by Transparency Market Research, it has been predicted that the world specialty fertilizers market is going to clock a modest growth rate of 5.7% CAGR for the forecast period that extends from the year 2017 to the year 2025. Rising at this rate, the market is expected to reach a market valuation of around US$ 14,734.4 mn by the year 2025 from the market valuation of US$ 8,987.3 mn in the year 2016.
North America to Lead the Market throughout the Forecast Period
Taking geographical segmentations into consideration, the world market for specialty fertilizers is divided into the regions of North America, Latin America, Europe, Middle East and Africa, and Asia Pacific.
Of all of these regions, North America is expected to lead the market throughout the period of forecast as it had in the year 2016. With augmented emphasis on initiatives of sustainable agriculture together with a very high level of awareness about the environment owing to stringent regulations of the governmental are mostly responsible for such dominance in the world market.
Asia Pacific, however, is expected to exhibit high rate of growth in the said market during the period of forecast. China is estimated to lead the domestic market for specialty fertilizers in the Asia Pacific region.
Europe is also estimated to account for a substantial amount of share in the said market.
Depletion of Cultivable Land to Stimulate Market Growth
According to a research analyst by TMR, growing concerns about the environment together with other factors like increased health-related concerns, availability of lesser amount of land, increased support and encouragement from various governments, growing demand for food to cater to the huge base of human population which is growing at an alarming rate are contributing towards the growth of this market.
Specialty fertilizers come with a number of benefits over various conventional fertilizers. Such benefits include relentless supply of nutrients to plants, higher efficiency and it is much less labor intensive. The nutrients that are provided by these specialty fertilizers are totally used as they are produced only in quite small amounts which plants can absorb quite easily absorbed.
Specialty fertilizers come in granular shaped and supply nutrients to the soil. Specialty fertilizers are either applied in the form of a seed coating or before sowing, the same is mixed with soil. Furthermore, specialty fertilizers also facilitate in the reduction of harm to crops owing to concentration of ions. They are also utilized in the form of a glue to bolster intake of pesticide and are utilized as binding agents so as to avoid leaching of pesticides from many different crops.
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=14288
In addition to all of these factors, advancement in technology and rising investments in the activities of research and development the introduction and implementation of such novel specialty fertilizers are, in all likelihood, to ensure growth of the international market for specialty fertilizers. Investments in various industries that are somehow linked with the said market such as consumer goods, agriculture, and packaging are very likely to facilitate the growth of the international market for specialty fertilizers.
About us:
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations.
Contact us:
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The European Commission has sent a "final warning" to the UK for failing to address repeated breaches of legal air pollution limits in 16 areas including London, Birmingham, Leeds, and Glasgow.
The UK is one of five countries served with the warning over persistent breaches of nitrogen dioxide levels, which come from sources including factories and vehicles, particularly diesel engines.
Air pollution is linked to the early deaths of about 40,000 people a year in the UK - and causes problems such as heart and lung diseases and asthma.
The Commission said that if the countries failed to take action on the issue within two months, it may decide to take the matter to the European Court of Justice.
European Commission spokesman Enrico Brivio told a briefing in Brussels: "It is a warning that we send to member states asking to comply, to take measures to fight this poor air quality that provokes respiratory disease and cardiovascular disease.
"It is an important factor on the health of citizens.
(Photo: Flickr/DAVID HOLT)
"So we ask the UK, as the other four member states, to take appropriate measures to fight this type of air pollution and we hope they comply."
Asked whether the UK would remain bound by any legal proceedings after Brexit , Commission spokesman Alexander Winterstein said: "For as long as the UK is a member of the European Union, rights and obligations apply.
"European law applies fully."
The warning comes as campaigners ranging from health workers to environmentalists ramp up calls for the Government to take action on air pollution, demanding a new Clean Air Act and a crackdown on diesel vehicles.
According to the European Commission, road traffic is responsible for around 40% of emissions of nitrogen oxides in the EU, with the contribution at ground level much higher.
Around four fifths of nitrogen oxides which come from traffic come from diesel-powered vehicles, the Commission said.
Jenny Bates, Friends of the Earth air pollution campaigner, said: "It's shameful that the EU has to take legal action against the UK government to get it to deal with the dangerous levels of dirty air across the country.
(Photo: Getty Images)
"Air pollution is responsible for tens of thousands of early deaths every year and is harming the health of an entire generation of children.
"Current government plans have been shown to be too little too late."
She called for Government funding of clean air zones in pollution hotspots and for a Clean Air Act to protect the public from poor air quality after Brexit , when the UK could no longer rely on EU air quality rules and courts to push for action.
Is your area affected?
CLOSE Here are some of the top stories we're following for today. 3/15/18 Damian Giletto/The News Journal
Sharod Lee (Photo: NEW CASTLE COUNTY POLICE)
A 19-year-old man is facing charges he was illegally operating an all-terrain vehicle near New Castle over the weekend, police said.
An officer was dispatched to Simonds Gardens Friday for a complaint of ATVs riding in the community's parkland. When the officer arrived, he saw a person riding on an ATV, said Master Cpl. Michel Eckerd, a New Castle County police spokesman.
"After the subject saw the marked patrol unit he jumped off and another subject jumped on and fled the area," Eckerd said. "The first subject, 19-year-old Sharod Lee, was immediately taken into custody."
Lee was charged with illegal operation of an off-highway vehicle. He was released on his own recognizance.
Police were searching on Friday for the person, a 17-year-old, who fled on the ATV.
Police reminds residents that Delaware law prohibits the operation of OHVs/ATVs on public roadways, sidewalks, private property without the consent from the property owner or right-of-way locations within the state, Eckerd said.
"The only exception to this law is during special events, which require permits from the governmental body having jurisdiction over the area," he said.
The penalties for riding an OHV/ATV in prohibited areas when stopped by police on the first offense include a citation, possible towing and storage fees and if convicted a fine of $100 and impoundment for up to 100 days at the expense of the owner.
Police ask that if someone observes an illegal use of an OHV/ATV, they should provide a description of the vehicle, operator and location by calling the non-emergency number at 302-573-2800.
Body of former Archmere Academy rugby player missing in Bermuda found
Two-day storm could bring a 'sloppy mess' of rain, followed by snow
Contact Esteban Parra at (302) 324-2299, eparra@delawareonline.com or Twitter @eparra3.
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/local/2018/03/19/man-charged-illegally-operating-all-terrain-vehicle-near-new-castle/440096002/
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gifty Louise has given her image a major overhaul for 2017.
The X Factor star, who found herself at the centre of a storm back in October after she was knocked out the ITV show in a shock elimination, has transformed herself in time for the New Year.
The Fifth Harmony tribute act - or so Simon tried to have us believe - took to social media to debut her brand-new look - and it's out with the short hair.
Gifty looks like a completely different person thanks to her new, long blonde hair that reaches past her shoulders.
(Photo: WENN.com)
Showing off her new look with a sassy pose on Instagram, fans couldn't get enough of her unrecognisable new style.
One wrote: "You are SO BEAUTIFUL BABE!"
While a second excited fan added: "You are my idol i can't believe you didn't win the show!"
The gorgeous 20-year-old hinted that she's set to move to Los Angeles, in a bid to pursue her dreams of musical stardom .
(Photo: Rex)
The hopeful revealed her plans on Twitter, when she replied to a comment on Twitter.
A user posted a message of support that read: "To @GiftyLouise time to leave #BreXitFactor Britain and take your undoubted talent where it will be better appreciated. You're a star."
Gifty replied: "LA is calling my name, it's beautiful out there…”
Marks & Spencer has been slammed by shoppers and scientists for selling apples in a plastic TUBE - so they can fit in car cup holders.
The retailer is flogging three ‘Baby Rockit' apples in cylinder-shaped packets - which they say make them easier to store.
But M&S has been criticised for overuse of plastic by customers including marine biologists.
Professor Brendan Godley, conservation science lecturer at Exeter University, tweeted a picture of the tubing.
Mr Godley wrote: “Please retweet if you think its passe for Marks and Spencer to be selling apples in plastic tubes because they “fit car cup holders (M&S rep).”
His tweet included the hashtags #timetochange and #irresponsiblepackaging.
He later tweeted: “Apples don't need to come in a plastic tube.
“We should be recycling essential plastics and ablating non essential uses from the marketplace and companies like Marks and Spencer are in a great position to lead.”
And fellow Environmental lecturer at University of York, Bryce Beukers-Stewart, tweeted: “If only apples came with some kind of protective edible skin...
“Poor show Marks and Spencer - I thought you cared about #PlasticPollution.”
A representative for Marks and Spencer responded to the tweets by Bryce, saying the main purpose of the tubes is for “protection and convenience”.
They wrote: “We do care Bryce :/ The main reasons for the tube are protection and convenience. Being a small pack, it can easily fit in a car cup holder, or a bag.
‘'The polymer used is PET which is widely recycled, though we're working on improving the material used to keep in line with our Plan A initiative.”
Marks and Spencer's ‘Plan A 2025' aims to transform lives and communities and for the company to become a zero-waste business.
As brands and retailers face the challenging and uncertain market, siloed inventory management is expected to become a practice of the past as companies such as Inturn deliver solutions to eliminate inefficiencies.
For its part, Inturn, an inventory solution company, expects retail market dynamics to help fuel demand for its platform due to a lack of a centralized inventory process. To meet that demand, the company said it received $22.5 million of Series B financing, which was led by B Capital Group.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Eamonn Holmes has been slammed for 'upsetting' a 12-year-old Irish busker by asking about her dead mum.
This Morning viewers were shocked with how forward the presenter was when he claimed sensational singer Allie Sherlock "found her voice when she lost her mum".
The teenager looked visibly uncomfortable as she hesitantly tried to answer the awkward question, leaving dad Mark to cut in.
Schoolgirl Allie became a worldwide sensation after shocking viewers with an amazing performance on The Ellen DeGeneres Show.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
She sang a cove of 'Issues' in the studio before joining Eamonn and Ruth Langsford on the sofa.
Talking about her busking, she said: “If people stop I'm way more confident. When there is no crowd there I am nervous, I think I'm doing badly. I really love music. I want to keep going.”
Her ‘dadager' Mark added: “I'm so proud of her. She's so confident now.”
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Eamonn then decided to bring up the sensitive subject of Allie's late mother, who tragically passed away when she was very young.
He said: "This is an amazing story, you literally found your voice when you lost your mum didn't you."
"How helpful has this been to articulate your feelings and your love for your mum."
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Inspirational Allie looked nervous and hesitated to answer the queston.
She said: "It wasn't...I don't know..."
Dad Mark then decided to break the tension by answering for his daughter, who soon returned to her bubbly self.
(Image: ITV)
Commenting on his daughter busking, Mark said it was her choice and that his daughter first came to him to ask if she could go.
He said: “I asked her to learn twenty songs, so she wouldn't be able to do it. From the very first day she was amazing. People loved her. I didn't know she had a very good voice. I don't move from her ever.
“That emotion comes out in her songs. Most of the labels have been on now. Two weeks ago Ryan Tedder from One Republic flew us out to LA and she felt great with him. So we have decided we are going to work with him.”
(Image: ITV)
This Morning viewers took to Twitter to blast Eamonn for his question.
One viewer said: "Fancy asking a child that about her mom knowing its going to upset her. Eamon is a d***head."
Another added: "Could eamonn not be as harsh when asking about the girls mother who passed ??? Wtf is wrong with him #thismorning"
A third said: "He's a bit forward asking about her mum. Maybe she didn't want to talk about it"
* This Morning airs weekdays on ITV at 10.30am
Via Twitter I'm trying to follow the news of an explosion at the New York Port Authority this morning. The New York Post has just posted Yaron Steinbuch's story reporting: “Several people were injured Monday morning when a device exploded at the Port Authority bus terminal on 42nd Street, according to law enforcement sources. One person is in custody after his device partially detonated inside a tunnel, sources told The Post.”
This is a breaking news story. Early reports are often misleading or erroneous; treat them with caution. I am posting this note so that interested readers can check in to their favorite news sources through the day. The Post's Twitter feed is here.
UPDATE: As of 9:00 a.m. (Eastern), it is reported that the only injury was to the would-be bomber.
CHRISTIANSBURG, Va. - Carilion's New River Valley Medical Center has officially launched a first-of-its-kind project to make health care more affordable and help the environment.
A grid of nearly 4,000 solar panels now supplies the hospital with clean energy. That means they're not only reducing their carbon footprint, but also saving money.
"Over the course of 20 years, we are expecting about $1.5 million," Scott Blankenship, Carilion director of facility operations, said.
The new project will also save patients money down the line.
"As expensive as health care is, anything that we can do to keep our costs down can be passed along to our patients ultimately," Bill Flattery, CEO of Carilion New River Valley Medical Center and vice president of Carilion's western region operations, said.
The nanogrid can power the hospital in the event of a blackout. It will generate nearly 20 percent of the hospital's annual energy needs.
"I think right now, even though it's raining out, we're generating about 18 percent of our power needs,"
Flattery said.
Leaders from across the commonwealth, including Gov. Ralph Northam, were on hand for the flipping of the switch Tuesday. He said he's proud of the $3.8 million in economic development the project is expected to have in the area.
"We are really trying to drive the economy in all of Virginia and just to see the innovation and the progressive attitude of that here is really welcoming," Northam said.
Carilion's Christiansburg facility is now the first hospital in Virginia to use clean energy for backup power. Project leaders said they're working with other hospitals to help them go green too.
"This is rural Virginia, it doesn't mean that we're backwards," Blankenship said.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Trendsetter Winston Peters ended 2016 offering to be the first man to re-enter Pike River. Our oldest, longest serving MP, once again setting the standard, this time for walking the talk. His “walking the talk” should become the thing for 2017. Former Prime Minister John Key should retire to McGehan Close. Prime Minister Bill English should attempt to farm under the Resource Management Act. Labour leader Andrew Little should start a business with his own money and hire someone. The Greens should forswear fossil fuels. It would mean no cell phones, lattes or fancy clothes. We could parachute Gerry Brownlee into Iraq. We should make Middle East peace expert Murray McCully the Member for the West Bank.
Talk is cheap. Let's see some action.
Our political leaders would have skin in the game. It's one thing pushing others down a mine; it's quite another being first in. Charter Schools would be the norm if politicians sent their children to the worst schools in the country. Waiting in pain on a health waiting list would be a thing of the past once MPs experienced it: they would quickly fund the private sector to provide the needed care. The principle of politicians first-in, last out would revolutionise politics especially in law and order. Crime statistics would no longer be cold, hard numbers if politicians lived amidst the fear and anger of crime-ridden streets. Peters has put his finger on the problem with modern politics. Politicians have become remote from the troubles their failed policies inflict. Not for them the rough neighbourhoods and the worry of how to make the payroll this week. They don't have their lives and businesses hanging by a thread through a screwed up resource consenting process. MPs listen to people's problems but don't live them. We would do better if our politicians were more real. Peters' offer is revolutionary. We don't need a referendum or a wildcard President. We just need Winston Peters down that mine.
The problem is even worse with Scum List MPs of course. They don't answer to the public at all. Which is why, as Rodney observed, they are the biggest hippycrites of all.
At local body level, recall elections would create some ‘skin' in the sense that politicians aren't untouchable for three years.
MPs could do with a similar link to the real world. As it is, they can blunder along with the only repercussion being that they will slide down the list or their electorate tires of them. And that's not enough.
Once your balls are in a vice, you become quite focused on fast, effective solutions.
– Rodney Hide, NZ Herald
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bitcoin prices have climbed after Chicago's CBOE exchange launched cryptocurrency futures trading, following regulatory approval by US authorities earlier this month.
Bitcoin was up more than 10% at 16,623 (£12,419) in morning trading on Monday, according to Coindesk.com, which is one of a number of exchanges tracking the digital currency's price.
It marks a 1,600% rise since the start of the year, when Bitcoin was trading at around 968 (£723.19), and a 157% rise since November 1st.
Advocates say the launch of futures by major US exchanges helps legitimise bitcoin's use and stands to lower volatility levels - as recent price swings have raised questions over whether valuations of the digital currency are justified.
But there may be prospect for further milestones over the next week, with the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME) set to launch its own bitcoin futures trading on Monday December 18.
(Image: Getty Images/iStockphoto)
Nasdaq is also considering offering Bitcoin futures in early 2018.
CBOE futures were pointing to bitcoin prices pushing to 17,500 (£13,071) by mid-January, and rising to 19,100 (£14,264 ) by mid-March 2018.
Hussein Sayed, chief market strategist at online broker FXTM, said the futures launch marked a "new phase" for the cryptocurrency.
"The initial reaction was beyond expectations with the futures contract climbing more than 20% and triggering two trading halts. CBOE's website experienced unprecedented traffic which may well have set a new benchmark."
He added: "So far, it seems professional investors aren't willing to bet against the bitcoin, despite the many warnings of a bubble that will burst soon."
Major players in financial services have hit out at the cryptocurrency in recent months, with JP Morgan boss Jamie Dimon calling bitcoin "a fraud", adding that he would fire employees found to be trading the digital currency for being "stupid".
(Image: Getty)
Meanwhile, a number of global authorities have started to crack down on the virtual currency amid rising concerns about money laundering, hacking and tax evasion.
There are worries over the lack of regulation - as no Government or authority has jurisdiction over its use - and the fact that transactions are encrypted and hard to trace.
The Treasury has said it now intends to regulate the digital currency, as part of EU-wide plans that will require online platforms that trade in Bitcoin to carry out due diligence on customers and report suspicious transactions.
But supporters of the crypto-currency argue that the virtual money can be abused in just the same way as cash and credit card payments, and say products like Bitcoin can open the door for economic participation for billions of consumers.
The head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF), Christine Lagarde, has admitted that cryptocurrencies could be a useful tool, being potentially "easier and safer" to hold than paper bills in remote regions, or countries with unstable national currencies.
IRON RIVER—Delta Sky Magazine, an internationally distributed publication with more than 5.8 million monthly readers, has completed a 60-page feature on the Upper Peninsula that will run in its December issue. Among the highlighted destinations around the region is Iron County, according to a news release from the Iron County Chamber of Commerce.
The profile highlights the diverse opportunities the U.P. has to offer, including an increasingly friendly business climate, natural beauty and abundant recreational opportunities, rich cultural environment and reasonable cost of living.
The feature opens with the heading “Welcome to Paradise” that leads directly into a short story on Iron County's Kay Anderson. Anderson has resided in many places around the U.S. and abroad, but there are none so dear to her heart as Iron County where she now lives while working remotely.
“It's kind of an undiscovered paradise,” Anderson said in the article. “We've had people come visit us from all over the place, and they are always flabbergasted that it's as wonderful as it is.”
Another Iron County resident referenced in the feature is Paul Schuytema, executive director of the Iron County Economic Chamber Alliance, who spoke to Delta Sky about the accessibility of nature in the county.
“I can step out of my house and in 70 feet I'm on the Cooks Run River, one of the five blue-ribbon trout streams up here,” he said. “That's where we live. It's our backyard—and it's affordable.”
The profile covers a variety of locations from across the region – from the Porcupine Mountains to Pictured Rocks to the Soo Locks. Interspersed with the editorial content are several eye-catching ads and photos, including a full-page spotlighting Iron County.
“This is literally a once-in-a-decade opportunity to tell folks all over the world about our amazing Iron County,” said Schuytema. “We were fortunate that local businesses
stepped up with us to craft a visually stunning page, and we're so fortunate to have an incredibly easy-to-remember web address in iron.org.”
The alliance coordinated with Angeli Foods, George Young Recreational Complex, Iron County Lodging Association, and Aspirus Iron River Hospital and Clinics to create the full-page Iron County presence in the issue. The magazine hit the pocket of every seat on every Delta flight worldwide on Friday, Dec. 1, just in time for the massive holiday travel rush.
“The Delta Sky feature is an exciting and encouraging example of a regional, U.P.-wide effort at economic, workforce, and tourism development,” continued Schuytema. “We are proud of Iron County and determined to make sure we stay at the regional table and contribute to this effort. By all of us working together on the levels of our individual communities, as a county and as a region, we're confident that we can keep seeing these signs of progress and growth.”
Visit the alliance at www.iron.org.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Spain have qualified for the World Cup 2018 after cruising past Albania in Alicante.
Rodrigo, Isco and Thiago Alacantara all struck in a manic 11 minute period during the first-half to send Spain to next summer's finals.
Italy's draw with Macedonia ensures that Spain's lead in Group G was extended to an unassailable five points, leaving the Azzurri with a play-off berth.
Spain now join England, Germany and Belgium in qualifying for the World Cup finals from the European qualifiers.
Russia have automatically qualified as hosts.
More to follow.
Chennai: AIADMK propaganda secretary and deputy Speaker of the Lok Sabha M Thambi Durai on Monday urged party general secretary VK Sasikala to immediately take over as the state's Chief Minister.
"The past history has shown that some Governments had been pushed to several hurdles and was incapable of delivering its promises and that, such governments have lost their credibility among the people, when the leadership of the party and the leadership of the Government was in the hands of two different persons," Durai said in a statement.
He said people in India have not accepted the situation where the leadership of the party and that of the government are in two different hands.
The people believe that governments focussed attention on fulfilling its electoral promises will be there only when both-the party and the government- was in a single person's hands.
He said the unfinished tasks of the AIADMK party and the government, as expected by late Chief Minister J.Jayalalithaa will be completed only when the leadership of the party and the government are in the hands of one person.
He said the nation is going to face parliamentary polls in two years time and AIADMK has to function very effectively to get people's support.
O.Panneerselvam was sworn in as the Chief Minister following the death of Jayalalithaa.
Jayalalithaa's close aide Sasikala was elected as the party's General Secretary. She formally took charge on December 31.
With IANS inputs
DOUGLAS COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating the death of three people including a 3-year-old girl.
Just after 1:30p.m. Sunday, deputies responded to report of a shooting in the driveway of a home in the 1000 Block of E900 Road southwest of Lawrence, according to a media release.
Upon arrival, deputies found a 36-year-old woman with several gunshot wounds. She died at the scene. She was not affiliated with the residence, according to the sheriff's department.
Authorities later found the woman's vehicle in the parking area at Baker Wetlands south of 31st and Haskell Avenue. A 41-year-old man and 3-year-old girl were found dead in the wetlands not far from the vehicle. Authorities have not determined how they died.
Authorities believe the man shot the woman and the child is their daughter and no other individuals were involved. Names of the victims were not released.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police in Texas are responding to a "major" incident after two officers and a security guard were shot at a Home Depot.
A man and woman officer were helping the guard with an arrest a branch of the DIY store in Dallas when gunfire erupted.
The officers suffered critical injuries and are battling for life.
There are unconfirmed reports that the victims were hit by sniper-style 'headshots'.
Armando Juarez, 29, was later named as the suspect.
Armoured police vehicles swarmed the area while a heavily-armed SWAT team patrolled a nearby river.
(Image: Dallas PD)
(Image: RichardRayFox4/Twitter)
(Image: RichardRayFox4/Twitter)
In several tweets, Dallas Police Department said: "We can confirm that two DallasPD officers have been shot and critically wounded. We will provide updates as we get them. Please pray for our officers and their families.
"A civilian was also shot in this incident. The condition of the civilian is unknown at this time."
The suspect was said to be wearing wearing white shirt and dark trousers and was last seen on foot.
K9 and air units have also been deployed.
A police spokesman told WFAA it is a "major incident" at the store.
This graphic video was shot on Saturday in the South Hebron Hills. It was posted by activists- including Guy Butavia and our good friend Ronnie Barkan - and is said to show a Jewish settler from aof Havat Mor releasing an attack dog on Palestinian shepherds grazing a flock. The shepherds are from the nearby Khirbet a-Rahwah village.The dog rips off the tail of a sheep and part of its buttocks, as is evident at the end of the video. One other sheep was injured in the head.When he is speaking Hebrew, the settler claims that the arrival of activists to the Hebron Hills ruins good neighborly relations with the Palestinians, and also that the Palestinians have "crossed a line," according to Ofer Neiman,This is surely akin to the horrifying video (of a Palestinian father being arrested outside Hebron as his son cries) that animated Peter Beinart to declare a crisis of Zionism seven years ago. Yesterday the American Jewish rightwing leader Ron Lauder published a piece in the New York Times discovering a crisis of Zionism in Israel's turn to the right and its neverending settlement project; and liberal Zionist leader Jeremy Ben-Ami celebrated the article It's good that Lauder is stirring; butThe Kishinev massacre in 1903 spurred international action by Jews against Russia after pictures were rushed out to the London and New York papers (by Zionists). Palestinians have experienced pogroms for 50 and 70 years and American Jews still cannot turn against the religious ideology that animates this settler: the idea of a Jewish national home on someone else's land.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A young mum who splurges thousands on her beauty queen daughter has hit back at claims she is 'sexualising' the four-year-old.
Enrika Milne, 26, from the Isle of Sheppey, Kent, spends two to three hours preparing Arielle for pageants.
By kitting her out with hair extensions, fake nails and extravagant dresses, the mum says she is schooling her daughter to become a future Miss England .
"I would be upset if she stopped doing them now, as they've been great for her confidence and have taught her all about charity work," Enrikia said.
"In a lot of pageants, contestants raise money for charity too.”
(Image: PA Real Life)
(Image: PA Real Life)
Since she started competing in April 2016, the beauty queen has taken home more than a dozen crowns - wowing audiences with her adorable costumes, including a cowgirl, gummy bear and Disney villain Maleficent.
But Enrika, who spends up to £350 preparing Arielle for a single pageant, is forced to defend herself against people who condemn her for 'sexualising' her daughter.
“We [the pageant community] do get misjudged, but I want Arielle to do what makes her happy,” she said.
“Pageants have been amazing for her confidence. A lot of kids her age struggle with self-esteem, but she doesn't.
"If she's already this confident at just four, she'll go on to great things.
“I want her to be Miss England one day, and I think having that focus will keep her on track and stop her going astray, drinking and smoking, in her teenage years.”
(Image: PA Real Life)
Enrika, who runs a tanning and beauty business and is married to company director Wayne, 35, got the pageant bug after watching Toddlers and Tiaras on TV.
The American reality show charts the highs and lows of child beauty queens as they battle it out to win prestigious titles.
As Arielle was only tiny at the time, Enrika waited a few years before scouring Facebook for pageants in her local area.
Then, in April 2016, the tot took to the stage for the first time and, despite some initial nerves, loved every second.
(Image: PA Real Life)
(Image: PA Real Life/Lucia Moss)
“I'd never want to make Arielle do something, but at first she needed some encouragement,” Enrika admitted.
Now, Enrika and Arielle have travelled all over the country competing – with Wayne driving them from pageant to pageant, and even helping his daughter get ready, by assisting with her hair and tan.
Using her skills as a beautician, Enrika does Arielle's makeup herself, applying eyeshadow, glitter, false lashes and lipstick.
The youngster also wears £100 hairpieces and has special acrylic nails applied by her mum.
(Image: PA Real Life/Elaine Moss Starrs)
“Day to day, she wears hair extensions and gel nails, which I do for her every week,” added Enrika.
“She doesn't wear makeup every day, but she can apply it herself. She's getting really good, she can do her own mascara.
“She's not keen on the false lashes, but she wears them for competitions.”
With the cost of Arielle's makeup, bespoke costumes – which can cost £300 a time – travel and hotel stays when competing in pageants far from home, Enrika estimates she's splurged thousands on the hobby.
(Image: PA Real Life)
She continued: “It's worth every penny, when you see how confident Arielle is. She's amazing for her age, she even makes little video blogs about her life where she'll chat away.
“I see pageants as an investment in the future.
“They are expensive but you need to be unique to impress the judges.”
Enrika said she and Wayne love being involved in the pageant scene, as it also enables them to enjoy quality family time.
(Image: PA Real Life/Steve Tough of Ste)
She continued: “We can sometimes be away for three weekends a month, so I love the fact Wayne comes too.
“It's quite rare to see dads in pageant audiences. Everyone loves him, he's so funny and he really helps out.
“He's very supportive. He even learnt how to apply Arielle's tan through watching me.”
Wayne said: “I'm very heavily involved in helping out. I help on the day with tan, hair and make-up as well as stage props.
“The other mums call me pageant dad of the year. There are only a few dads that go, but far fewer get involved.
“Most will find a quiet corner and that's where they will hide all day, but not me. I'm often there in the background with the other mums giving my views.”
Global Animal Feed Additives Market for Ruminants: Snapshot
The key driver for all producers of animal feed additives for ruminants is the globally increasing demand for meat and dairy. This applies especially to developing countries, where the growing population densities and increasing disposable incomes are generating a vast consumer base for animal products.
A substantial portion of the animal feed additives for ruminants are intended for dairy animals over meat, due to the rapidly increasing demand for dairy and dairy products.
A lot of players – both top tier and regional – are looking into developments in coating technologies for animal feed. These coatings are increasing in importance as they help improve the effectiveness of the animal feed.
Request For Report Brochure For Latest Industry Insights @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=7772
The resulting effect of all the above factors is a CAGR of 4.3% from 2015 to 2021 in revenue for the global animal feed additives for ruminants market. This market is expected to reach US$4.7 bn by the end of 2016 and US$5.9 bn by the end of 2021.
Asia Pacific to Exhibit Leading Demand for Animal Feed Additives for Ruminants
By the end of 2021, Asia Pacific is expected to hold 32.6% of the revenue in the animal feed additives for ruminants market. This will account for the largest share in revenue, close to the percentage that the region held in 2014. A large part of this leading share is attributed to the high cattle population in the region. China and India are the two biggest regions in terms of demand for animal products demand owing to growing population densities. There is an especially high demand for dairy products from these countries. Additionally, the Asia Pacific region is ramping up its exports of meat to other regions, further increasing the demand for quality animal feed.
North America is also showing an increase in the demand for cattle-based meat and dairy. A large part of the increase in demand comes from the expanding cattle population of Canada. Furthermore, the animal husbandry industry in North America is guided by strict regulations that only allow meat and dairy above a specific grade to be sold. This has added to the demand for high-quality animal feed additives for ruminants.
Obtain Report Details @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/animal-feed-additives-market.htm
Most Animal Feed Additives for Ruminants Continues to be Taken up by Cattle
Cattle were the leading animal type in terms of demand for animal feed additives for ruminants in 2014. By 2021, cattle are expected to take up 80.80% of the total animal feed additives revenue generation. Owing to the high demand for cattle meat and dairy across the world, the improvements in cattle feed additives is expected to generate large amounts of demand as well. This is drawing a greater number of players towards this sector and allowing them multiple opportunities of expansion.
Another key reason for the growing demand for animal feed additives for cattle is the growing concern over the health of the cattle and consequently, the quality of the meat and the health of the consumer.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST AMERICAN CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA New England 10 2 0 .833 348 223 Buffalo 7 6 0 .538 240 290 Miami 5 7 0 .417 209 298 N.Y. Jets 5 8 0 .385 266 311 South W L T Pct PF PA Jacksonville 9 4 0 .692 329 202 Tennessee 8 5 0 .615 273 294 Houston 4 9 0 .308 312 335 Indianapolis 3 10 0 .231 212 343 North W L T Pct PF PA Pittsburgh 10 2 0 .833 281 213 Baltimore 7 5 0 .583 280 207 Cincinnati 5 8 0 .385 226 271 Cleveland 0 13 0 .000 197 335 West W L T Pct PF PA Kansas City 7 6 0 .538 329 289 L.A. Chargers 7 6 0 .538 298 225 Oakland 6 7 0 .462 264 304 Denver 4 9 0 .308 229 315 NATIONAL CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA y-Philadelphia 11 2 0 .846 404 250 Dallas 7 6 0 .538 316 294 Washington 5 8 0 .385 285 344 N.Y. Giants 2 11 0 .154 199 321 South W L T Pct PF PA New Orleans 9 4 0 .692 370 263 Carolina 9 4 0 .692 300 262 Atlanta 8 5 0 .615 294 261 Tampa Bay 4 9 0 .308 264 312 North W L T Pct PF PA Minnesota 10 3 0 .769 309 235 Detroit 7 6 0 .538 338 329 Green Bay 7 6 0 .538 285 302 Chicago 4 9 0 .308 224 274 West W L T Pct PF PA L.A. Rams 9 4 0 .692 396 265 Seattle 8 5 0 .615 314 252 Arizona 6 7 0 .462 231 317 San Francisco 3 10 0 .231 228 314
y-clinched division
___
Thursday's Games
Atlanta 20, New Orleans 17
Sunday's Games
Dallas 30, N.Y. Giants 10
Carolina 31, Minnesota 24
Chicago 33, Cincinnati 7
Kansas City 26, Oakland 15
Detroit 24, Tampa Bay 21
Buffalo 13, Indianapolis 7, OT
Green Bay 27, Cleveland 21, OT
San Francisco 26, Houston 16
Denver 23, N.Y. Jets 0
Arizona 12, Tennessee 7
L.A. Chargers 30, Washington 13
Jacksonville 30, Seattle 24
Philadelphia 43, L.A. Rams 35
Baltimore at Pittsburgh, 8:30 p.m.
Monday's Games
New England at Miami, 8:30 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 14
Denver at Indianapolis, 8:25 p.m.
Saturday, Dec. 16
Chicago at Detroit, 4:30 p.m.
L.A. Chargers at Kansas City, 8:25 p.m.
Sunday, Dec. 17
Philadelphia at N.Y. Giants, 1 p.m.
Cincinnati at Minnesota, 1 p.m.
Houston at Jacksonville, 1 p.m.
Arizona at Washington, 1 p.m.
N.Y. Jets at New Orleans, 1 p.m.
Miami at Buffalo, 1 p.m.
Green Bay at Carolina, 1 p.m.
Baltimore at Cleveland, 1 p.m.
L.A. Rams at Seattle, 4:05 p.m.
New England at Pittsburgh, 4:25 p.m.
Tennessee at San Francisco, 4:25 p.m.
Dallas at Oakland, 8:30 p.m.
Monday, Dec. 18
Atlanta at Tampa Bay, 8:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A driver accused of killing 10 people and injuring 15 when he ploughed a rented truck into pedestrians in Toronto has appeared in court.
Alek Minassian, 25, is charged with the worst mass killing Canada has experienced for decades.
Officials said before the court hearing that yesterday's atrocity did not represent a threat to national security.
Minassian's head was shaved and he was looking down as prosecutors announced they were charging him with 10 counts of first-degree murder.
The proceedings began after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau addressed the attack outside of parliament in Ottawa, calling on all Canadians to stand united with Toronto.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: Getty Images North America)
"We cannot as Canadians choose to live in fear every single day as we go about our daily business.
"We need to focus on doing what we can and we must keep Canadians safe while we stay true to the freedoms and values that we all as Canadians hold dear," Trudeau said.
The prime minister said that, while it would take time before the motives of the attacker were understood, the incident had not changed the country's threat level or security preparations for a G7 summit in Quebec in June.
(Image: REUTERS)
People left flowers at a makeshift memorial, which grew as commuters returned to work on Tuesday morning. Blank white posters left against a stone wall were covered with messages.
The Canadian flag was lowered to half-staff at parliament and at Toronto city hall.
Minassian, who was not previously known to authorities, attended a high school program where one classmate remembered him as "absolutely harmless."
The officer who apprehended Minassian was praised for making a peaceful arrest even as the suspect shouted "Kill me" and claimed to have a gun.
(Image: Twitter/ @vce7)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Canadians mourned as the victims began to be identified on Tuesday.
"We are a peaceful, tolerant, free society. The horrific violence on Toronto's Yonge Street will strengthen rather than undermine these truths," columnist John Ibbitson wrote in the Globe and Mail national newspaper.
The attack shook the usually peaceful streets of Toronto, a multicultural city with a population of 2.8 million. The city recorded 61 murders last year.
Downtown Toronto's iconic CN Tower, which is normally lit up in the evening, went dark on Monday evening.
The drama started at lunchtime on a warm spring day, when the driver drove his vehicle into the crowds.
The street was soon covered in blood, empty shoes and bodies.
President Trump spends at least four hours a day watching television, according to a new report.close to Trump The New York Times that Trump spends at least that much time in front of a TV each day, and sometimes spends as many as eight hours watching television.The Times reports that Trumpby turning on CNN before quickly flipping to Fox News's "Fox & Friends." He occasionally watches MSNBC's "Morning Joe" because it works him up, Trump's friends told the Times.Trump's favorite programs include "Fox & Friends" as well as Fox News primetime shows from Sean Hannity, Laura Ingraham and Jeanine Pirro. Trump sometimes "hate-watches" CNN host Don Lemon, according to the report.The Times also reports thatDuring his trip to Asia last month, Trump told reporters aboard Air Force One that he doesn't watch much television at the White House because he's busy "reading documents.""Believe it or not, even when I'm in Washington or New York, I do not watch much television," Trump said. "People that don't know me, they like to say I watch television - people with fake sources. You know, fake reporters, fake sources.""But I don't get to watch much television.," Trump continued. "I actually read much more - I read you people much more than I watch television."The Times reports that Trump told reporters about his TV-watching habits after the newspaper presented the White House with a long list of fact-checking questions, including one about how often he watches television.Trump has previously insisted he has "very little time for watching TV," though he often tweets about Fox News and CNN segments just after they air live.Trump also had a 60-inch flat screen TV installed in his private White House dining room, according to Time magazine.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE EDUCATION IN DELAWARE Innovation center gives students an early glimpse at college | 1:02 William Penn High School's new innovation center combines learning with a college lounge theme. 9/22/17 Damian Giletto/The News Journal 1 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE EDUCATION IN DELAWARE Families not eligible for bus service | 0:54 If you live within 1 or 2 miles of school, you may have to walk. Wochit 2 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE EDUCATION IN DELAWARE Delaware students return to school | 1:22 Monday marked the first day of school of many students across Delaware. 8/28/17 Damian Giletto/The News Journal 3 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE EDUCATION IN DELAWARE Education camp preps kids for school | 1:06 An education boot camp this week at St. Edmonds Academy is helping middle school students prepare for the start of the school year. 8/16/17 Damian Giletto/The News Journal 4 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE EDUCATION IN DELAWARE Mishoe elected first female DSU board chair | 1:06 For the first time in Delaware State University's 126-year history, a woman will serve as chair of its Board of Trustees. Wochit 5 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE EDUCATION IN DELAWARE 2017 Test Scores | 0:28 Test scores stayed mostly flat in 2017. Wochit 6 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE EDUCATION IN DELAWARE Dover graduate named best in the U.S. at Microsoft Excel | 1:16 Student Bests 320,000 Competitors at 2017 Microsoft Office Specialist U.S. National Championship in Orlando, Florida Courtesy of Certiport 7 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE EDUCATION IN DELAWARE Tuition up at UD, DSU | 0:47 Tuition is rising at two Delaware universities. Wochit 8 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE EDUCATION IN DELAWARE School districts work to finalize budgets | 1:09 School districts won't have much time to process the fallout from $26 million in education cuts passed by the General Assembly last week. Daniel Sato/The News Journal/WOCHIT 9 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE EDUCATION IN DELAWARE Low enrollment won't change St. Mark's spirit | 1:35 St. Mark's High School Principal Mayhan is not losing hope in the quality of education offered at his Catholic school considering the decreased trend in enrollment. Jennifer Corbett/The News Journal 10 of 10 Last VideoNext Video Innovation center gives students an early glimpse at college
Families not eligible for bus service
Delaware students return to school
Education camp preps kids for school
Mishoe elected first female DSU board chair
2017 Test Scores
Dover graduate named best in the U.S. at Microsoft Excel
Tuition up at UD, DSU
School districts work to finalize budgets
Low enrollment won't change St. Mark's spirit
John Young (Photo: William Bretzger/The News Journa, William Bretzger/The News Journa)
A trip to Springfield, Massachusets, Friday gave Gov. John Carney a chance to learn about a public-private partnership similar to the one he wants to enter into with the Christina School District to improve academics.
Despite school board members asking to be equal partners in the effort, there were no members of that group on the trip.
John Starkey, a spokesman for the governor, said Carney's office is committed to working with the district and board on a partnership that would give schools more autonomy when it comes to hiring, scheduling, budgeting, and curriculum.
The school district confirmed board President George Evans was invited, but could not attend. Evans said the request came "very recently" and he couldn't make it work with his schedule, though he very much wanted to go.
Other members of the school board said they were not offered. The board's vice president, Fred Polaski, said he was not even aware the trip was taking place until a reporter called to ask if he was invited.
"It was a surprise to me," he said.
STORY: State plan to lift up Christina schools called a good start
STORY: Child care center owners: Delaware not fulfilling commitment to kids
Tony Allen, chair of the Wilmington Education Improvement Commission, on the other hand, has known about the trip since at least Sept. 23, he confirmed Friday. He said he was invited sometime before that.
The Christina School Board was first asked to partner with the state on Tuesday.
Buy Photo Gov. John Carney helps a student at Bancroft Elementary with her homework during a recent tour of the school. On Tuesday, he returned to the facility to ask Christina to partner with the state to improve education in Wilmington. (Photo: Jessica Bies/The News Journal)
It has become clear the trip was planned in advance of that meeting, school board member John Young said, which concerns him because if the Springfield model ends up being the basis for the Christina partnership, it would suggest the outcome was predetermined and the school board didn't actually have any say in the matter.
There's also the fact that "some aspects of the (Springfield) model include a very charter-like governance structure with an appointed board." If something like that is eventually put in place, it could spell out less local control over the Christina School District, Young said.
The governor laid out his vision for the collaborative effort Tuesday in a meeting where he also assured school board members they'd be involved in every step of the process.
The trip to Springfield was on Carney's public calendar before the meeting took place, with the governor, Secretary of Education Susan Bunting and Dorrell Green, with the Department of Education's Office of Innovation and Improvement, listed as attendees.
Starkey later added that a representative from the state education union would be going, as well as Allen. They were joined by Christina's Assistant Superintendent of Instruction Noreen LaSorsa and Christina Education Association President Darren Tyson.
When asked if anyone from the school board was going, Starkey said the invitation had been extended "but we don't have confirmation of a member of the board attending." Later, he said the invitation had gone to Evans and was being facilitated by Superintendent Richard Gregg.
The News Journal reached out to Allen and the union representative to ask when they were invited on the trip and was contacted by the governor's office shortly after.
Allen said in a text that he was invited on the trip sometime before Sept. 23, but that "there was good representation of various stakeholders" in Springfield Friday.
Starkey said the purpose of the Springfield trip was to learn more about the public-private partnership there, which includes the state, teachers unions and a large Boston-based nonprofit. More conversation would need to take place before deciding which aspects of it could be applied in Wilmington.
Legislators in Massachusetts say the program is "compelling" and has made it possible for the state to effect educational change without seizing local control from school districts. Yet, teachers unions have complained that it removes control of schools from local officials and puts it more in the hands of the state.
The effort is overseen by a board including four members appointed by the state and three local representatives.
Both Young and Polaski said they trusted La Sorsa and Tyson, who they consider experts in education, to give them an honest accounting of the Springfield trip, but that it also would have been nice to attend and see for themselves what Carney is envisioning for Christina.
Young said he hopes the trip is only a fact-finding mission and that any aspects of the Springfield plan adopted by Carney's team are fully explained to the board first.
"I do trust what my local union president is going to have to say about it," he said. "I'm glad there's an educator's lens in the room and not just an administrator's."
Contact Jessica Bies at (302) 324-2881 or jbies@delawareonline.com. Follow her on Twitter @jessicajbies. Looking for more education news? Visit delawareonline.com/education.
Read or Share this story: http://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/education/2017/10/06/carney-leads-delegation-massachusetts-model-school/739971001/
On February 7, the organization issued an explosive report titled ‘Human Slaughterhouse, Mass Hangings and Extermination at Saydhaya prison, Syria,' alleging that the Syrian authorities were responsible of killing 13,000 opponents of President Bashar Assad at the Saydnaya prison on the outskirts of Damascus.
In an interview with Sputnik, Ford pointed out that it was interesting how the report was coincidentally released after the Syrian city of Aleppo was liberated by the government forces two months ago, after successful negotiations in Astana and as it appears that Syria is coming closer to a political solution for the ongoing war.
"It's very strange after this report has been over a year in gestation — you have to ask, why now?" He said.
© AFP 2016/ STAN HONDA Confirmed: US Used Depleted Uranium Shells Against Daesh in Syria
According to the former Ambassador, there are a number of reasons why the report puts into question the credibility of the human rights organisation. Apart from the fact that it was based on interviews with anonymous witnesses and doesn't provide a hint of evidence, those nameless sources were wrong on ‘basic information', and that naturally puts to doubt the veracity of other claims.
The retired British diplomat had visited Saydnaya numerous times as he served in Damascus from 2003 to 2006. According to Ford, the prison was too small to contain ten to twenty thousand prisoners at one time, contrary to what Amnesty said in the report.
"Ten to twenty thousand is a fair-sized town." He said in an interview. "The building which I saw at Saydnaya could not possibly accommodate more than ten percent of those numbers."
The human rights group also quoted its sources as saying that Saydnaya became the main political prison in 2011, which was just as false.
"It was already, when I was in Syria in 2006 and many years before then, Saydnaya was the main political prison." Ford clarified. "When they get this level of detail wrong I find it very hard to believe anything at all."
The former ambassador referred to the organization as "the spearheads of liberal interventionism", citing Amnesty International's "sensationalist" reports of the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait.
"Amnesty said that they had verified that claims that Iraqi soldiers had stolen incubators in Kuwaiti hospitals and left babies on the floor to die. Turned out this was a total fabrication…they were gullible and they used it and it helped to justify the Iraqi war." Ford said.
"This is the new way of picking up the white man's burden — you go around changing regimes that you accuse of human rights abuses."
Amnesty International has been repeatedly criticized by some countries, including Russia, the United States and China, for spreading misleading information and acting as an instrument of propaganda and information wars. In 2013 the International Business Times wrote that in the past Amnesty received funds from the European Commission, from the governments of the Netherlands, the US, Norway and, in 2009, it received 2.5 million euros from government entities.
"Amnesty is well known in the NGO community for being very aggressive, for being sensationalist and for being focused very much on its own fund-raising." Ford said.
"They have become part of the liberal, elite establishment; part of the vanguard of liberal interventionism. They have lost their way. And this latest report will do them no credit."
SEATTLE (AP) — Ichiro Suzuki received a rousing ovation Monday for his first at-bat in Safeco Field as a member of the 3,000-hit club.
The Japanese star spent his first 11 1/2 American seasons with Seattle, getting 2,533 hits before heading to the New York Yankees and Miami Marlins.
He batted ninth for Miami on Monday in his first appearance at Safeco since June 12, 2014, when he was with the Yankees.
With the Mariners leading 3-0, Suzuki grounded out to second to end the third inning.
Advertisement
The 43-year-old got his 3,000th career hit last season, and the Mariners had a pregame video tribute for him on the scoreboard, followed by an introduction at home plate with several former Seattle teammates. Suzuki also had 1,278 hits in nine seasons in Japan.
Suzuki entered with one hit in 12 at-bats this season.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
A former Labor senator has jumped ship to the Liberals after nearly four decades in the ALP.
"Labor was not offering me a lot of comfort," Joe Bullock told the ABC on Thursday after his decision, but added he has no intention of running for parliament again.
Mr Bullock quit the Senate in 2016 over Labor's support for same-sex marriage. He told the ABC he felt "isolated and lonely" within the Labor ranks.
Wishing his former colleague well, Labor frontbencher Brendan O'Connor said Mr Bullock had perhaps been on "a long journey" towards the Liberal party.
"He's always been quite conservative in many respects and maybe he's now found his natural home," Mr O'Connor told reporters in Canberra.
Coalition backbencher Luke Howarth offered a wary welcome to Mr Bullock's move to join the Liberal party fold.
"If he's seen the light and woken up to himself, good on him," Mr Howarth said.
The latest trends to get that perfect look for winter are here. Beauty expert Milly Almodovar returned to WCL with remedies for dark circles and crow's feet around the eyes, dry lips and hands and dull skin - winter beauty must-haves for both women and men.For more information, visit: http://millytime.com/about/ Foreo Iris Illuminating Eye Massager, $139OLEHENRIKSEN Wonderfeel Double Cleanser, $32Bite Beauty Agave Kisses Set, $20These products are also sold separately.Artistry Signature Color Light Up Lip Gloss, $22.65Dr. Dennis Gross Alpha Beta Universal Daily Peel, $88L'occitane One For You, One For Me Hand Cream Gift Set, $54Embrace Active Scar Defense, Kits start at $45.99
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley may not have left the cobbles yet, but she has already become a Hollywood star.
Just weeks after announcing she is quitting the ITV soap , the actress channelled her film favourites.
And she looked a far cry from barmaid Eva Price in the photoshoot.
Recreating iconic shots of Marilyn Monroe, Grace Kelly, Brigitte Bardot and Faye Dunaway, Cath told Best magazine: “I'm a huge fan of Marilyn.
“Her comic timing was fantastic, she was no dumb blonde at all.”
(Image: Best Magazine/ Nicky Johnston)
(Image: Best Magazine/ Nicky Johnston)
(Image: Best Magazine/ Nicky Johnston)
She even found a link to Brigitte's admission she “gives herself entirely” in love. Cath, 34, said: “That's Eva all over. The poor girl, she has no sense of self-preservation whatsoever.”
The star, who leaves Corrie in the summer, added: “It was such a difficult decision to leave but who knows, Eva might one day storm the cobbles of Weatherfield again.”
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
NEW YORK (AP) — Mexican drug lord and escape artist Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman wants to hire new lawyers in his U.S. drug trafficking case, but there are questions about how they'll get paid.
Guzman is set to appear Monday in federal court in Brooklyn where a judge is expected to address questions about whether he can replace his public defense lawyers with private ones.
His current legal team has asked for assurances from prosecutors that if he hires the private lawyers, the government won't later seek forfeiture of any legal fees based on arguments the money came from his estimated $14 billion in drug profits.
Prosecutors have argued that taxpayers shouldn't have to pay for his defense. But they also said in a letter to the court last week that the government will not “grant a blanket prospective assurance” that it won't go after money spent on a private defense.
One of the private lawyers seeking to represent Guzman successfully defended John “Junior” Gotti, son of the notorious organized crime family boss, at a 2005 trial. The younger Gotti walked free after an acquittal on a securities fraud count and a mistrial on more serious racketeering counts.
In phone interviews with The Associated Press last week, the lawyer, Jeffrey Lichtman, said he's more concerned about getting the court to sign off on the change of lawyers than about legal fees.
“I'm going into the case regardless,” Lichtman said.
As for his impressions of Guzman, “He is charming, funny, highly intelligent. I enjoyed getting to know him. … I don't judge someone by what I read in the papers.”
Mexico extradicted Guzman in January to the U.S., where he pleaded not guilty to charges that his drug trafficking operation, the Sinaloa cartel, laundered billions of dollars and oversaw a ruthless campaign of murders and kidnappings.
The defense has claimed that he's being held in inhumane and overly restrictive conditions at a high-security jail in Manhattan known for housing alleged mobsters and terrorists.
The government has argued that his strict jail conditions are appropriate for someone who escaped from prison twice in Mexico, including once through a mile-long (1.6-kilometer-long) tunnel dug to the shower in his cell. Prosecutors said that even while he was behind bars in Mexico, Guzman used coded messages, bribes and other means to control his Sinaloa cartel and orchestrate his breakouts.
___
AP reporter Claudia Torrens in New York contributed to this report.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
It is the home of box set binging, of Breaking Bad and the Crown and the complete series of the original Ghostbusters, but some Netflix fans are going to have to fork out more very soon.
The cost of joining Netflix in the UK went up yesterday. And starting from October 19, existing members will be notified at least 30 days in advance, based on billing cycle, on when they will see the price change.
The price change will roll out to members over the course of the next several months. As always, members can view pricing information within their account settings.
(Image: Netflix)
In a statement explaining this decision, Netflix said: “From time to time, Netflix plans and pricing are adjusted as we add more exclusive TV shows and movies, introduce new product features and improve the overall Netflix experience to help members find something great to watch even faster.
"There is no change to our 1S basic plan price of £5.99 per month. Our 2S (watch on two screens at the same time, High Definition when available) and 4S memberships (watch on four screens at the same time, includes High Definition and Ultra High Definition when available) have been increased slightly: The 2S plan has increased 50p to £7.99 The 4S plan has increased £1 to £9.99”
So, basically if you signed up to the Netflix plan where you are paying £5.99 a month, nothing will change for you, but other users are not so lucky.
Now Playing Yvette Nicole Brown is Down to be in a Psych Movie
Psych: The Movie is scheduled to premiere in December, but if creator Steve Franks has his way, this film will be the first of many in an ongoing series.
Main characters Shawn (James Roday), Gus (Dulé Hill), Juliet (Maggie Lawson) and the rest of the gang will all return for this first reunion movie, but what about those lesser-known guest stars that packed a serious punch during their short visits on Psych?
Yvette Nicole Brown left a lasting impression even though she only guest starred in one episode. She played a woman named Hazel Lazarus, another paranormal consultant for the police. We're keeping our fingers crossed that Hazel finds her way into one of these planned movies, and according to Yvette Nicole Brown, it's definitely a possibility.
The Psych Cast Shares Their Best Title Suggestions for the Potential Movie Sequels
"I would love to bring Hazel back," Brown says. "She had an amazing banged-wig. I would put that banged-wig on and be right in the Psych movie."
She followed up her statement with a shout-out to Dulé Hill, demanding he call her up.
Psych: The Movie is scheduled to premiere in December on the USA.
After two days of round-the-clock work to control water flowing over the Oroville Dam in Northern California, people who live downstream of the structure are allowed to return to their homes, officials announced Tuesday.
Nearly 200,000 people were affected by evacuations after water scoured enormous holes in two of the dam's concrete spillways beginning Sunday, raising concerns that the tallest dam in the country could fail.
Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea announced Tuesday evening he was lifting an evacuation order issued on Sunday, Dan Brekke of member station KQED reported.
"Thousands of lives were protected [from] the looming prospect of a catastrophic failure of the emergency spillway," Honea told reporters, adding that residents should be ready to evacuate again if conditions change.
"There's the prospect that we can issue another evacuation order if circumstances change," he said.
The Red Cross said shelters remained open on Tuesday evening.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency also announced that federal disaster relief for Butte, Sutter and Yuba counties had been approved by the White House on Tuesday.
On Monday and Tuesday, crews dumped enormous rocks into damaged sections of the dam's damaged emergency spillway, hoping to prevent further erosion. The spillway is supposed to carry water from Lake Oroville around the main wall of the dam when the lake level is too high.
With the lake level still high and more rain forecast for later this week, officials rushed to prevent a catastrophe, as The Los Angeles Times reported:
"A swarm of trucks and helicopters dumped 1,200 tons of material per hour onto the eroded hillside that formed the dam's emergency spillway. One quarry worked around the clock to mine boulders as heavy as 6 tons. An army of workers mixed concrete slurry to help seal the rocks in place. " 'This is an aggressive, proactive attack to address the erosion,' said Bill Croyle, acting director of the state Department of Water Resources. 'There's a lot of people, a lot of equipment, a lot of materials moving around, from the ground and from the air.' "At the main spillway, a different and riskier operation was underway: Despite a large hole in the concrete chute, officials have been sending a massive amount of the swollen reservoir's water down the chute to the Feather River in a desperate attempt to reduce the lake's level. "The structure continued to hold Tuesday without sustaining more significant damage, officials said."
By Wednesday morning, officials said the lake level was low enough to handle rain from the next storm, Dan Brekke reported.
The damage to Oroville Dam raises questions about the ability of aging infrastructure to cope with severe weather exacerbated by global warming.
After a damaging five year drought in California, the National Weather Service said Tuesday that much of the state is on track for the wettest winter ever recorded, filling reservoirs and replenishing alpine snowpack that will continue to feed rivers for months.
That means California's aging dams will be tested as they have not been in years.
The New York Times reported that "of the 1,585 dams in California, 17 are listed in poor condition and 97 in fair condition, according to the National Inventory of Dams, which is kept by the United States Army Corps of Engineers."
On Tuesday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer called the Oroville dam situation "a textbook example of why we need to pursue a major infrastructure package in Congress," continuing, "Dams, bridges, roads, and all ports around the county have fallen into disrepair."
The woes of a house hunter in India are many. The dreary process starts with circling classifieds in newspapers and collecting shiny brochures. You flip through the proposed and ready designs that launch a hundred daydreams on the spot. So far so good. But, every house hunter would attest to the soul-crushing experience of checking out a disappointing property.
The kitchen of a 2BHK is carved from the corner of the hall, the 3BHK is a converted 2BHK, the building looks much older than in the pictures…. after months of reading the fine line, and between the lines, you feel like all the diagrams and highlights seem to blur into each other.
After much mental stress, if you do manage to zero in on a decent property, there's a whole new world of knowledge to be navigated - home loans to be sifted through, taxes to be sorted and a finance degree to be earned for understanding it all.
Do you wish a real estate platform would address all your woes? Like a supermarket, where your every need (and want) is catered to? Imagine all your property choices nicely lined up and arranged with neat labels and offers. Imagine being able to compare all your choices side by side. Imagine viewing verfied listings and knowing what you see is what you get. Imagine having other buyers and experts guiding you along every step while you make one of the most important investments in your life. Imagine...
MagicBricks has made every Indian house hunters' daydream of a simplified real estate supermarket a reality. Now you have more than a pile of brochures at your disposal as the online real estate marketplace brings you lakhs of choices to your fingertips. Instead of bookmarking pages, you can narrow down your choices by area, budget, house type etc. Just so you aren't hit by FOMO, you can always add a suburb you've been eyeing or an extra bedroom to your filter. But there's more to a house than just floor space. On MagicBricks, you can check for good schools in the vicinity, a park for evening walks or at least an assured easier commute. Save time and energy by vetting properties based on the specs, pictures and floor plans uploaded and have all your niggling concerns addressed on the users' forum.
Shortlisted a property? Great! No need to descend down another spiral of anxiety. Get help from reliable experts on MagicBricks on matters of legalities, home loans, investment, property worth etc. You can even avail their astrology and Vastu services to ensure an auspicious start to life in your new home or office. With its entire gamut of offerings, MagicBricks has indeed brought the supermarket experience to real estate in India, as this fun video shows below.
Play
Get started with a simplified experience of buying, renting and selling property on MagicBricks here.
This article was produced by the Scroll marketing team on behalf of MagicBricks and not by the Scroll editorial team.
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Welcome to America!
Those are probably the last words Jamie (Sam Heughan) and Claire (Caitriona Balfe) were expecting to hear in the Season 3 finale of Outlander after killing Geillis (Lotte Verbeek), saving Young Ian (John Bell) and surviving a hurricane, but that is where the star-crossed couple has found themselves.
Let's backtrack a little. Claire immediately set off to find Geillis and save Ian after Jamie's arrest in the penultimate episode, but was thwarted when Geillis' man servants found Claire snooping around. The two women had a brief tete-a-tete about their lives in the future and their missions in the past in which Claire mentioned she had a daughter in the future — a 200-year-old baby that fit the description in Geillis' prophecy of the perfect sacrifice to put a Scottish king back on the British throne.
Outlander: Is [Spoiler] the Savior Claire and Jamie Need?
Geillis ran with the information, leaving Claire to trail after her once she was reunited with Jamie — freed from his shackles thanks to the intervention of John Grey (David Berry). The two tracked Geillis down to Abandawe Cave, which contained a clear pool with the same time travel powers as the stones in Scotland. When Geillis threatened to go back and kill Brianna (Sophie Skelton), Claire's anger got the best of her and Geillis found herself at the business end of a machete to the throat.
Once the witch was dead, Jamie and Claire claimed their nephew and began their voyage back to Scotland (after some more reunion sex), only to get rudely knocked off course by a hurricane that marooned them and their wrecked ship on the Gulf Coast shores of Georgia. Yes, as in the southern state of Georgia in the United States.
Thus begins the Fraser adventure in the New World. It's currently the year 1766 in Outlander, which means they've arrived at the colonies just a year into the American Revolution. Jamie may have failed to help free Scotland from the oppression of the British, but now the Frasers can join the Americans in their more successful rebellion. How do you think Jamie looks in Navy Blue?
Outlander Season 4 will deploy in 2018.
London: The trial to prove a prima facie case of fraud against fugitive liquor baron Vijay Mallya resumes here on Monday to determine if he can be extradited to India to face charges over his erstwhile Kingfisher Airlines.
The 61-year-old will be back in the dock at Westminster Magistrates' Court in London for day four of the hearing when his defence led by barrister Clare Montgomery, is set to depose two further witnesses in its attempt to prove that the airline's alleged default of around Rs 9,000 crore worth of bank loans was the result of business failure rather than "dishonest" and "fraudulent" activity by its owner.
Meanwhile, it has emerged that the businessman is also facing a parallel litigation in the Queen's Bench Division of the commercial court in England's High Court of Justice brought by a consortium of Indian banks to freeze his global assets.
The State Bank of India, Bank of Baroda, Corporation Bank, Federal Bank Ltd, IDBI Bank, Indian Overseas Bank, Jammu & Kashmir Bank, Punjab & Sind Bank, Punjab National Bank, State Bank of Mysore, UCO Bank, United Bank of India and JM Financial Asset Reconstruction Co Pvt Ltd are listed as applicants of that claim against Mallya and related concerns named as Ladywalk LLP, Rose Capital Ventures Ltd and Orange India Holdings.
Lawyers for Mallya have been granted an extension to respond to that case due to his ongoing extradition trial, expected to conclude on Thursday.
Margaret Sweeney, from the accounts team of Force India - Mallya's Formula 1 racing team, and legal expert Martin Lau are set to be deposed by his defence team at the extradition hearing today.
Judge Emma Arbuthnot will hear the case over some "interruptions" as Uber's appeal against the cancellation of its operating license in London is expected to open in the same court today.
Last week, the?defence claimed that a consortium of Indian banks led by State Bank of India (SBI) had rejected an offer by the liquor baron in early 2016 to pay back nearly 80 per cent of the principle loan amount owed to them.
While deposing a banking expert last week, Mallya's counsel Montgomery questioned whether her client's offer to pay back around Rs 4,400 crores of the principle debt amount on April 6, 2016 should have been "dismissed out of hand" just a day later by the banks.
Paul Rex,?who was described as a banker by profession who served as an independent expert in the field for over 20 years, said that banks tend to partially provision for loans unpaid over a long period and such an offer would have helped avoid "further loss".
"A commercial bank would assess such an offer against other routes of repayment. If that offer is higher than could be expected from other sources, it would be an attractive option for banks to consider," he said, adding that state- owned banks in particular tend to be more susceptible to "political pressure".
However, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) arguing on behalf of the Indian government countered that assertion in its cross-examination, indicating that the reason such a repayment offer would have been rejected was that the banks knew Mallya had the means to pay back the entire amount due.
There are plenty of reasons why even a state bank may take a view to reject such an offer, such as if it comes from a "dishonest" person who is known to have "plenty of money to repay" the entire amount if he wants to, CPS barrister Mark Summers stated during his cross-examination.
He also made a reference to the "debtor" (Mallya) throwing a birthday party costing around 2 million pounds as a factor which could have influenced the banks' decision to reject the offer.?
The cross-examination of Rex was left incomplete at the end of the third day of the trial last Thursday, to be taken up again tomorrow afternoon.
In his cross-examination, Summers had highlighted a particular "washing machine activity" picked up by the government of India that involved sums amounting to around 10 -15?a million pounds being funnelled between UB Group companies to wrongly claim obligations of equity infusions into struggling Kingfisher Airlines were being met.
Indian government sources have described its case, being presented by the CPS, as "very strong".
Mallya's legal team had claimed earlier in the trial that the case against him was "politically motivated" and that it was being used as an opportunity to make "political capital" by the ruling BJP as well as Congress and Shiv Sena.
The prosecution's case rests on "three chapters of dishonesty" by Mallya - misrepresentations to various, banks to acquire loans, the misuse of the loans, and his conduct after the banks recalled the loans.
Mallya, who has been based in the UK since March 2016, was arrested by Scotland Yard on an extradition warrant in April this year and has been out on bail on a bond worth 650,000 pounds.
If the judge rules in favour of extradition at the end of the trial, the UK home secretary must order?Mallya's extradition?within two months. However, the case can go through a series of appeals in higher UK courts before arriving at a conclusion.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jeremy Kyle's time on Good Morning Britain has certainly been very turbulent - but today he finally cracked and had a meltdown after being mocked by two children.
The stand-in presenter and his co-host Kate Garraway were beaten in a spelling contest by brother and sister child geniuses, who were aged 9 and 12.
He then threw down his white board in anger and ranted at the children, which was ironic considering he managed to spell the word 'belligerent' correctly.
This all came after he made a sex joke about needing a 'rubber' in front of Olivia and Fabio from North London, who are competing in Channel 4 series Child Genius with the support of mother Susan.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Jeremy initially caused a stir by asking if mum Susan, who tutors her kids before and after school, was too "pushy".
Defending herself, Susan said: "I wouldn't call it pushing Jeremy, now Jeremy stop being pushy my dear.
"What I would say to you Jeremy is that any parent always wants their child to be the best they can be. You think if you know as a parent you have that ability, discipline and drive, whatever you can give to your child, I think it's natural. Teachers at school have enough, the first teacher is a parent."
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Jeremy then told the youngsters they were "going down" in the spelling contest, before Susan told the presenter and Kate that they "might need a rubber".
Not realising who was in the room with him, Jeremy joked: "That's not the first time someone's said that on this show."
He was then defeated by the kids, who both managed to accurately spell 'meteorological', while Jezza failed and was mocked for his bad handwriting.
(Image: ITV)
After angrily throwing his board down, Jeremy ranted: "Alright, you need to be back at school. That's it the kids have won I'm not doing it anymore. I bow down to both of your geniuses, we're dreadful."
Susan laughed hysterically at the presenter, before he made yet another raunchy joke in front of the kids.
A flirty Jeremy said: "I want you to come to my dressing room and teach me how to spell."
* Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6.00am
A clown passes out flags to children in the crowd at Marina Green on July 4, 1959.
A clown passes out popcorn to children in the crowd at Marina Green on July 4, 1959.
The Chronicle reports on the cancellation of the Fourth of July celebration in 1978. The event was later rescued by San Francisco police, fire and park employee organizations.
A clown passes out popcorn to children in the crowd at Marina Green on July 4, 1959.
Children's TV personality Mayor Art arrives to entertain the crowd before the fireworks show on July 4, 1966.
KRON-TV children's host Skipper Sedley performs on the bandstand with his puppet King Fuddle before the fireworks show on Independence Day 1959.
The Mathiasen family enjoys snacks at the Marina before the fireworks show on July 4, 1963.
The Harks family enjoys snacks at Crissy Field before the fireworks show on July 4, 1966.
Children participate in sack races at the Marina before the fireworks show on July 4, 1961.
Young Spanish dancers from Lolita and Joe's Academy perform at Crissy Field before the fireworks show on July 4, 1960.
Sharon Rowan and mom Leditia watch the Make-a-Circus performance at Crissy Field before the fireworks show on July 4, 1983.
Children play with sparklers before the fireworks show at Candlestick Park on July 4, 1969.
Fireworks over Crissy Field, with the Golden Gate Bridge in the background, on Independence Day 1980.
A family watches the twilight Folkboat races at Crissy Field before the fireworks show on July 4, 1963.
Fireworks over Crissy Field, with the Golden Gate Bridge in the background, on July 4, 1980.
For more than six decades, San Francisco has celebrated the Fourth of July with fireworks over the bay. And for more than six decades, the scene has shifted and the fog has rolled in.
The Chronicle has long covered the celebrations surrounding America's birthday, even when the colorful fireworks were captured only in black-and-white photos and reporters' choice words. A recent trip to the archive at 901 Mission St. turned up images, negatives and articles from the past San Francisco century of July Fourth festivities.
Starting in the 1950s, holiday event stories were written and photos were taken on topics that included: children playing at the Marina Green, the city Municipal Band, folk dancing, clowns (creepy, creepy clowns), heat waves and swimsuits, and, of course, people enjoying the San Francisco summer — bundled up in several layers.
In 1967, after a few particularly foggy July Fourth evenings, the city's fireworks show was moved to Candlestick Park. TV personality “Mayor” Art Finley was the master of ceremonies, the Fourth Air Force band from Hamilton Field was in concert, and the rock band Main Attraction played for the younger generation in attendance. More than 40,000 people showed up, the largest crowd in the show's then-10-year history.
The San Francisco fireworks extravaganza at Candlestick was nearly canceled in 1978. Scheduling difficulties were exacerbated by budget cuts, and the Giants had a game scheduled for July 5, which would have significantly increased cleanup costs. The organizers considered the Presidio as a site, but several tons of missiles, tanks and other artillery were occupying the area. “It would be too dangerous to let people in before we had a chance to move all of the equipment out of the area,” an Army spokesman said.
That sounds like it was the right call.
Federal officials said the only other appropriate site was Alcatraz. Two years earlier, however, an attempt to stage a fireworks show from the island had turned into a pyrotechnics “disaster,” they said.
“We had 100,000 people lining the banks of the bay for nothing but a slight reddening of the fog every time we set off fireworks,” said Jerry Schober, superintendent of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area.
Fog, in San Francisco, in July? Say it ain't so.
The show would go on after all at Candlestick, with numerous groups volunteering to help with staging and cleanup.
In 1979, the fireworks returned to San Francisco's north shore, kicking off with an afternoon of music and family-style entertainment at Crissy Field. The fireworks were shot in the air from a U.S. Navy barge and were visible within view of the Golden Gate Bridge.
It was a ka-booming success.
More from Chronicle Vault
More Information Dig deep into Chronicle Vault Read hundreds of historical stories, see thousands of archive photos and sort through 153 years of classic Chronicle front pages: SFChronicle.com/vault
Read More
•Going boom: Let's take a look back at the biggest Fourth of July party that San Francisco has ever seen.
•From Peter Hartlaub: From Pride to 49ers celebrations to Lunar New Year, San Francisco has loved a parade for 150 years.
•Bring your beads: Do you remember when San Francisco had visions of throwing its own Mardi Gras?
•No holding back: The original Chronicle architectural review of Pier 39 was merciless.
•Black, red, white and blue: See The Chronicle's front page covering the 1976 bicentennial celebrations in San Francisco and across the nation.
From the Archive is a weekly column by Bill Van Niekerken, the library director of The Chronicle, exploring the depths of the newspaper's archive. It's part of Chronicle Vault, a twice-weekly newsletter highlighting more than 150 years of San Francisco stories. It is edited by Tim O'Rourke, The Chronicle's assistant managing editor and executive producer of SFChronicle.com. Sign up for the newsletter here and follow Chronicle Vault on Instagram. Contact Bill at bvanniekerken@sfchronicle.com and Tim at torourke@sfchronicle.com.
TORONTO (AP) — Being a backup goalie isn't easy. Toronto's Curtis McElhinney thinks he's figured it out.
One night after starter Frederik Andersen beat Pittsburgh on the road, McElhinney stopped 41 shots in the Maple Leafs' 1-0 victory over the Edmonton Oilers on Sunday night.
The 34-year-old McElhinney was making just his fifth start of the season, with Andersen leading the NHL in minutes played.
“The back-to-backs are always tough. Sometimes there's no morning skate so you're kind of left to your own,” McElhinney said. “I got a good skate in this morning by myself and things felt pretty good overall. Having been here almost a year now I'm pretty familiar with it. I kind of have the hang of it, I think.”
Zach Hyman scored in the first minute for the Maple Leafs. Toronto improved to 20-10-1 to move within three points of Tampa Bay for the Eastern Conference lead.
“I thought our goaltender was really good, our penalty killing was outstanding and, in the end, we spent too much time in our own zone,” coach Mike Babcock said. “But, it's a big night on a back-to-back and a big win for us.”
Laurent Brossoit made 22 saves for the Oilers. They were coming off a 6-2 victory in Montreal on Saturday night.
“We played a lot of games this season and haven't been able to string them back to back,” Oilers coach Todd McLellan said. “This was a solid, solid effort on our behalf. We didn't win, obviously that's the most obvious thing, but we're happy with our game.”
It took Toronto only 34 seconds to take the lead. Jake Gardiner's point shot made its way through traffic and was tipped by Hyman past Brossoit on the first shift. Gardiner was originally credited with the goal before it was switched to Hyman's sixth of the season.
NOTES: Toronto star forward Auston Matthews missed the game because of an upper-body injury. Josh Leivo took his spot in the lineup. … Toronto FC was honored before the game for winning the MLS Cup on Saturday.
UP NEXT
Oilers: At Columbus on Tuesday night.
Maple Leafs: At Philadelphia on Tuesday night.
___
For more NHL coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Naples, July 4 - Campania Governor Vincenzo De Luca on Wednesday said No to a "Roma camp" at the Mostra d'Oltremare at next year's world university games, the Universiade, reiterating his rejection of placing the athletes' village at the show. "We are strongly against the devastation of the Mostre d'Oltremare, I will never agree to a Roma camp being set up there," he said. De Luca said other institutions could replace the regional government if they wanted and put in the 170 million euros required for the village.
In tonight's (06 October) Top Story Kevin Morales took a look at this week's top stories with our Reporters' roundtable with Cayman 27's Joe Avary, Joe Avary and Felicia Rankin.
Leading off the discussion was a viral video that sparked widespread debate online on Caymanian unemployment and Immigration.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tyson Fury failed to turn up for his anti-doping hearing today.
The former heavyweight world champion was due in central London for the start of hearing that could last five days.
But UKAD were unable to begin when the 29-year-old was a no-show.
Fury posted a video on Instagram this afternoon which showed him having a sing-a-long in the car.
He has not fought for more than two years since he beat Wladimir Klitschko in Germany.
(Image: gypsyking101/Instagram)
He failed a drug test and then failed to give a sample on another ocassion.
Fury could be handed a lengthy ban but hopes to be cleared to resume his career next year.
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) - A federal lawsuit filed in North Carolina says low-income people shouldn't lose their drivers' licenses when they can't afford to pay traffic fines and court costs.
The American Civil Liberties Union and the Southern Poverty Law Center are among the groups that filed the lawsuit Wednesday on behalf of two named plaintiffs. They say they can't afford to pay their traffic tickets, so they have to decide between driving with a revoked license or not supporting their families.
The lawsuit says the practice violates the right to due process under the 14th amendment of the U.S. Constitution because the state doesn't offer drivers a hearing to explain why they haven't paid.
DMV Commissioner Torre Jessup is named as the defendant.
A spokeswoman says the state is reviewing the lawsuit.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
They are, without question, very different men.
But, despite their contrasting personalities, it seems that Paul O'Grady and Tom Hardy share a rather unlikely friendship.
According to Heat magazine, the pair - who first bonded over their shared love of dogs, several years ago - remain good friends and actively text one another.
The Liverpudlian comedian, 61, told the weekly glossy: "Ah, he's lovely. Such a great fella. Tom's not like a film star at all.
"He likes coming down to Battersea to hang out with the dogs."
(Photo: Battersea Dogs & Cats Home)
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
He added: "People come in to look at the dogs and you see them staring at him thinking 'Is that Tom Hardy?'. I have his number and, yes, we text each other."
The men became pals after Tom, 39, appeared on Paul's TV series For The Love of Dogs in 2015.
Not that Paul is unaccustomed to having famous friends - or making public declarations about them, of course.
Earlier this month he joked that longtime pal Cilla Black took cocaine while she was filming Blind Date.
The TV presenter, who has just taken over the reins as the new presenter of the dating show, caused a stir with his comments during recent filming at the London studios.
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: Rex Features)
He made a number of light-hearted quips about Cilla, who fronted the show from 1985 until 2003, saying she had a secret wild side and did drugs.
"How the f*** did Cilla do this for 25 years? No wonder she was on cocaine. God bless her, wherever she is," he said after stumbling over his words.
Cilla Black passed away in August 2015.
COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) - South Carolina lottery officials say state law is the Grinch that won't allow them to pay $35 million in prizes won by players when a Christmas Day glitch in a game briefly made everyone a winner.
The South Carolina Education Lottery Commission voted Wednesday to reimburse players only the $1 paid for Holiday Cash Add-A-Play tickets instead of the up to $500 they appeared to have won when machines started printing winner after winner for two hours on Dec. 25.
The game generated trees and other holiday symbols on a tic-tac-toe grid, paying up to $500 when someone got three trees in a line. Trees were printed in all nine slots on about 71,000 tickets before lottery officials realized the problem and shut the game down, according to an investigative report released by the lottery Wednesday.
Players demanded the lottery pay their winning prizes, but commissioners voted they were out of luck, citing a state law that says prizes resulting from a ticket printed in error must not be paid.
Players who want their $1 back must mail their original ticket back to the lottery. They will be reimbursed for the postage too, lottery officials said in a news release.
At least two lawsuits have already been filed by players who want the winning prizes paid.
The game chose tickets out of computer generated groups, and the glitch happened when one group ran out of plays before it was supposed to. The game then defaulted to printing Christmas trees in all slots, according to the investigation.
The reigning queen of RuPaul's Drag Race, Sasha Velour, stopped by WCL to fill us in on being named "America's Next Drag Superstar" and the event she is in town for!Alexander Hedges Steinberg, also known as Sasha Velour, is a gender-fluid drag queen and designer best known as the winner of Rupaul's Drag Race Season 9. Sasha's makeup and look transformations have been featured on places such as Vogue, Cosmopolitan, Vanity Fair, and Billboard.For more on Sasha Velour, visit sashavelour.com. For more on 'RuPaul's Drag Race' visit logotv.com/shows/rupauls-drag-race. Sasha Velour is emceeing Howard Brown Health's third annual Halloween soiree, Big Orange Ball, on Oct. 21 at West Loop's Carnivale.Eat, drink and be scary at Chicago's most vibrant Halloween extravaganza! Dress in your most daringly sexy, spooky or silly costume as craft cocktails and Latin-inspired bites are served. Guests will monster-mash the night away to beats by DJ Megan Taylor and DJ Ted Eiel. A fully immersive experience awaits at West Loop restaurant and event space Carnivale, with elaborate décor by Kehoe Designs, a raffle and (dead) silent auction. Bring your broomsticks and ghoulfriends to kick off the Halloween season at the hottest costume party in town.All of the night's proceeds support Howard Brown Health, one of the nation's largest LGBTQ community health organizations serving more than 26,000 adults, youth and children each year.For more on Howard Brown Health, visit howardbrown.org. More on the Big Orange Ball visit howardbrown.org/event/big-orange-ball-2017.
Remember when Jaimie Alexander told TVLine that Blindspot‘s Jane and Zapata would be going undercover together and it'd be “very fun”? She teased, “We will not look like ourselves, let's put it that way!”
Jaimie tells no lies, as evidenced by these first photos from the head-turning op.
In the episode “Mum's The Word” (airing Friday, March 30 on NBC), the FBI team and Avery attend a gala hosted by their target Hank Crawford (played by special guest star David Morse) in hopes of arresting him. And to that end, Jane and Zapata (played by Audrey Esparza) must dress the part, donning dynamic ‘dos and glam gowns. Check out the photos above and below, then share your reaction.
NBC's Blindspot continues Season 3 this Friday at 8/7c with “Artful Dodge.”
Want more scoop on Blindspot, or for any other show? Email InsideLine@tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt's Inside Line.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Celebrity Big Brother finalists get a VERY wild party ahead of the final tomorrow - something that Ann Widdecombe is not happy about.
Tonight, the house will be invaded by a number of ex-housemates for tasks this evening.
One star returning includes Genuwine, who treats the house to his smash hit Pony as some hunky male strippers set upon the housemates.
The muscly men whip off their tops and excite the housemates - well, all of them apart from Ann.
(Image: Channel 5)
(Image: Channel 5)
As the men writhe, and even prompt Wayne Sleep to do a strip tease of his own, Ann is seen tutting and putting her head in her hands.
But it seems like it gets too much when one of the male dancers straddles Shane Jenek.
Ann then gets up off the sofa and stomps off to the bedroom, leaving the rest of her housemates to enjoy the fun.
(Image: Channel 5)
(Image: Channel 5)
(Image: Channel 5)
She then puts her head in a cushion as the music continues to blare on.
Despite Genuwine calling for her to come back, she ignores him and continues to stew.
Oh dear...
*Celebrity Big brother airs tonight at 9pm on Channel 5
WASHINGTON (AP) — Russia has deployed a cruise missile in violation of a Cold War-era arms control treaty, a Trump administration official said Tuesday, a development that complicates the outlook for U.S.-Russia relations amid turmoil on the White House national security team.
The Obama administration three years ago accused the Russians of violating the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty by developing and testing the prohibited cruise missile, and officials had anticipated that Moscow eventually would deploy it. Russia denies that it has violated the INF treaty.
U.S. intelligence agencies have assessed that the missile became operational late last year, said an administration official, who wasn't authorized to publicly discuss the matter and demanded anonymity.
The deployment may not immediately change the security picture in Europe, but the alleged treaty violation may arise when Defense Secretary Jim Mattis attends his first NATO meeting in Brussels on Wednesday. It also has stirred concern on Capitol Hill, where Sen. John McCain, the Senate Armed Services Committee chairman, called on the Trump administration to ensure U.S. nuclear forces in Europe are ready.
Advertisement
“Russia's deployment of nuclear-tipped ground-launched cruise missiles in violation of the INF treaty is a significant military threat to U.S. forces in Europe and our NATO allies,” McCain, R-Ariz., said in a statement Tuesday. He said Russian President Vladimir Putin was “testing” Trump.
Trump's White House is in a difficult moment, with no national security adviser following the forced resignation Monday night of Michael Flynn. Flynn is accused of misleading Vice President Mike Pence about contacts with a Russian diplomat while President Barack Obama was still in office.
The New York Times, which was first to report the missile deployment, said the Russians have two battalions of the prohibited cruise missile. One is at a missile test site at Kapustin Yar and one was moved in December from the test site to an operational base elsewhere in the country.
The State Department wouldn't confirm the report. It noted that last year it reported Russia was in violation of its treaty obligations not to possess, produce or flight-test a ground-launched cruise missile with a range of between 500 and 5,500 kilometers, or to possess or produce launchers for such missiles.
“The administration is undertaking an extensive review of Russia's ongoing INF treaty violation in order to assess the potential security implications for the United States and its allies and partners,” State Department spokesman Mark Toner said.
John Tierney, executive director of the Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation, said strategic stability on the European continent is at stake.
“If true, Russia's deployment of an illegal ground-launched cruise missile represents a very troubling development and should be roundly condemned,” Tierney said.
Sen. Tom Cotton, an Arkansas Republican, sees little reason for the U.S. to continue adhering to the INF treaty, in light of Russia's violations. He has recommended building up U.S. nuclear forces in Europe, which currently include about 200 bombs that can be delivered by aircraft. The U.S. withdrew land-based nuclear-armed missiles from Europe as part of the INF deal.
The treaty has special significance in the recent history of arms control agreements. Signed in December 1987 by President Ronald Reagan and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, it has been credited with helping accelerate an end to the Cold War and lessening the danger of nuclear confrontation. It stands as the only arms treaty to eliminate an entire class of U.S. and Russian weapons — nuclear and conventional ground-launched ballistic and cruise missiles of intermediate range.
The Obama administration had argued for maintaining U.S. compliance with the treaty while urging the Russians to halt violations. At the same time, the Pentagon developed options to counter Russian cruise missile moves, some of which would have involved bold military action.
At his Senate confirmation hearing in February 2014, Ash Carter, who headed the Pentagon until last month, said disregard for treaty limitations was a “two-way street,” opening the way for the U.S. to respond in kind. He called Russia's violations consistent with its “strategy of relying on nuclear weapons to offset U.S. and NATO conventional superiority.”
1:34
ESPN College GameDay host Rece Davis highlights what TCU fans should expect and does his impression of Gary Patterson
Sonny Gray and his 8.27 ERA will take the mound on Wednesday night against the Twins as the Yankees try again to see if they have fixed their struggling righthander.
Gray's much-ballyhooed mechanical adjustments didn't pan out in his last outing as he was raked by the Blue Jays. Manager Aaron Boone said he thinks Gray is “close” to being the pitcher the Yankees acquired from the A's last summer.
“I think the stuff is there,” Boone said on Tuesday night. “It's tough to pitch when you're behind. It's a lot easier when you're ahead, especially when you have the equipment that Sonny has. I feel like he's really close to putting it together and having a good outing.”
Pitcher swap
David Hale, who threw two shutout innings in his Yankees debut on Monday, was designated for assignment after the game so the team could add righthander A.J. Cole to the roster.
The Yankees acquired Cole late Monday from the Nationals in exchange for cash considerations. Cole, 26, was 1-1 with a 13.06 ERA in four appearances (two starts) this season. He has appeared in 26 games for the Nationals in the last four seasons and is 5-8 with a 5.32 ERA. Cole was in the bullpen for Tuesday night's game.
“We do feel like there's some upside from a stuff standpoint,” Boone said. “He's a guy that throws pretty hard with a good breaking ball. Hoping that maybe a change of scenery or something maybe is a spark for him that can give us something.”
Extra bases
Subscribe to Newsday's sports newsletter Receive stories, photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Brandon Drury (migraines) is expected to begin a rehab assignment with Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre on Wednesday . . . Greg Bird (ankle surgery) has been slowed by an ingrown toenail . . . The Orioles claimed utility man Jace Peterson off waivers. The Yankees had designated Peterson for assignment on Sunday.
In the microgravity experiments at the International Space Station (ISS), scientists revealed that supercooled water containing antifreeze glycoproteins accelerates and oscillates its ice crystal growth rate. This seemingly contradictory result may lead to a better understanding of the mysterious antifreeze effect in living organisms.
Fish can survive even in subzero environments, such as under ice floes. Researchers have hypothesized that when glycoproteins contained in fish blood are absorbed on the surface of ice crystals, it curbs the growth of ice crystals. Verifying the functions of these glycoproteins requires precise measurements of the normal growth rates of crystals over time. Yet this is difficult to do so on the Earth because of the natural convective flow around the growing crystal induced by gravity.
The researchers, led by Hokkaido University Professor Emeritus Yoshinori Furukawa, hoped to use the microgravity conditions of space to accurately measure the normal growth rates of crystal faces, as convective flow does not occur in this environment.
To carry out the experiments on the ISS, Hokkaido University's Institute of Low Temperature Science and JAXA jointly developed Ice Crystal Cell 2, a device for measuring the speed of ice crystal growth in space. Once installed in the Japanese experiment module KIBO, experiments were carried out by controlling the device using signals from the ground.
The researchers conducted 124 experiments of which 22 were deemed to have accurately measured ice crystal growth rates in supercooled water containing a glycoprotein impurity. The results showed that the bottom basal faces of the ice crystals grew three to five times faster than in pure water. Ice crystals also exhibited periodic oscillations as they grew. "The results were contrary to what was expected, as the glycoprotein actually facilitated the growth of ice crystals, rather than curbing it," says Ken Nagashima of the research team.
What, then, explains glycoprotein's antifreeze effect? The researchers discovered the tricky process in which flat crystal faces with high growth rates were truncated by faces with slower growth rates, causing the polyhedral crystal to be surrounded by only flat faces with the lowest growth rates. This resulted in greatly slowing down the growth of the ice crystals.
"Our results suggest that the prevention of freezing in living organisms cannot be solely explained by the growth depression effect of glycoproteins. In other words, the novel mechanism we observed is essential for preventing living organisms from freezing," says Nagashima. "The function of glycoproteins in ice crystal growth is closely connected to how biopolymers regulate the growth of various inorganic crystals. A better understanding of this may lead to the creation of novel materials", he added.
###
New Delhi: In what could be good news for those who love eating out in restaurants and hotels, the government on Monday stated that customers who are not satisfied with services in any hotel or restaurant need not pay the service charges.
Service charge on a food bill is not compulsory and a customer can choose to have it waived if not satisfied with the experience, the government said in a statement.
The Department of Consumer Affairs, in a statement, also asked state governments to advise hotels and restaurants to disseminate information, such as through displays, that "the service charges are discretionary or voluntary".
Ram Vilas Paswan, Union Minister of Consumer Affairs tweeted that restaruants were billing service charges in addition to taxes and that “service charge is optional” and “Consumer has a discretion to pay or not.”
Restaruants are billing service charges in addition to taxes. Service charge is optional . Consumer has a discretion to pay or not. — Ram Vilas Paswan (@irvpaswan) January 2, 2017
"A number of complaints from consumers have been received that hotels and restaurants are following the practice of charging 'service charge' in the range of 5-20 percent, in lieu of tips, which a consumer is forced to pay irrespective of the kind of service provided to him," Union Consumer Affairs Ministry said in an official statement.
The Ministry had sought clarification from the Hotel Association of India, which replied that "service charge is completely discretionary and should a customer be dissatisfied with the dining experience, he/she can have it waived off. Therefore, it is deemed to be accepted voluntarily."
Highlighting provisions under the Consumer Protection Act, 1986, the ministry said this law provides that a trade practice which, for the purpose of promoting the sale, use or the supply of any goods or for the provision of any service, adopts any unfair method or deceptive practice, is to be treated as an unfair trade practice.
A consumer can make a complaint to the appropriate consumer forum against such unfair trade practices.
"The Department of Consumer Affairs has asked the state governments to sensitise the companies, hotels and restaurants in the states regarding aforementioned provisions of the Consumer Protection Act, 1986...
"...And also to advise the hotels/restaurants to disseminate information through display at the appropriate place in the hotels/restaurants that the 'service charges' are discretionary/voluntary and a consumer dissatisfied with the services can have it waived off," the statement said.
With PTI Inputs
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Tawang: An Indian Air Force chopper crashed on Friday near Tawang in Arunachal Pradesh killing all seven people onboard. Five IAF crew members and 2 Army jawans were onboard the Mil Mi-17 helicopter when the crash took place.
The crash took place at around 6:30 am on Friday morning while it was on an Air Maintenance mission.
Rescue teams were rushed to the crash site in Tawang near the Indo-China border and injured were admitted to a local hospital.
The IAF has said that Court of Inquiry has been ordered.
The crash site is located at some four-to-five hours drive from Tawang. "It is a forested area," Meena said adding that the bodies are being brought to the helipad near Tawang.
"We are told that there were no civilians and all were defence personnel," he said.
The Russian Mil Mi-17 helicopter has served as one of the mainstays of the Air Force's rotorcraft fleet. It is used in a wide range of terrains and operations, including relief and rescue missions.
Tawang is in the northeast Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh, which is also claimed by China. It is a strategically important border district and came briefly under Chinese control during the 1962 war between the two neighbouring countries.
The crash took place a day ahead of the Air Force Day which is extensively celebrated by the IAF.
Last week, a trainee IAF aircraft crashed in Keesara in Hyderabad. There were no casualties in that accident. The plane had broken into flames but all three onboard were ejected safely. There were three people, including the pilot, inside the flight when it crashed.
Bengaluru: Real Kashmir FC on Wednesday became the first football club from Jammu and Kashmir to qualify for the country's top-tier I-League after they won the second division league by beating Delhi side Hindustan FC 3-2.
The side from the Kashmir Valley emerged winner of second division league as they secured seven points - from two wins and a draw - from three matches in the final round.
Only the winning team of the second division league is promoted to the I-League. Real Kashmir FC will now play in the I-League season 2018-19.
Real Kashmir scored through Ifham Tariq Mir (22nd minute), Danish Farooq (42nd) and Nadong Bhutia (67th) while Kushant Chauhan (34th and 80th) was on target for Hindustan FC at the FSV Arena here.
David Robertson's Srinagar-based side only needed a point today to win the title and promotion on the final day of the 2nd Division League season, but they produced a clinically efficient performance to win the match and create history.
All India Football Federation congratulated Real Kashmir FC for clinching the 2017-18 2nd Division League to become the first club from Kashmir to qualify for the I-League.
"Congratulations Real Kashmir FC for becoming the first club from Kashmir to qualify for the I-League. I am sure the achievement will inspire the youth to take up the beautiful game and take our Country to higher echelons of International Football," AIFF President Praful Patel said in his statement.
AIFF General Secretary Kushal Das said, "The I-League finds a new centre in the next edition and AIFF's vision of a pan Indian league has further been substantiated. Congratulations and good luck for the next edition."
Hindustan FC started the match on a dominant note and created the first chance in the 17th minute when Nikhil Gehlot delivered a free-kick into the box, but Pawan Pratap Singh was unable to hit the target with his header.
That proved to be a costly miss as Real Kashmir took the lead five minutes later through Ifham, who collected a pass from Danish before calmly slotting past Mithun Samonto.
Hindustan FC then came close to levelling the scoreline in the 28th minute but Kushant's shot went wide of the target.
Kushant, however, redeemed himself by scoring the equalizer in the 34th minute. The striker latched on to a loose ball in the box following a neat interchange of passing with Nikhil to slot his shot into the top left-hand corner.
Real Kashmir restored their lead three minutes before half-time when a swift counter-attacking move allowed Danish the easiest of tap-ins.
Real Kashmir had further chances to add to their tally in first-half stoppage time, but they failed to do so.
The second-half saw Real Kashmir on the ascendancy from the very beginning and unlike the first-half where they sat back and allowed Hindustan FC to play, the Kashmir side opted for a more aggressive attacking game which made them more dangerous.
However, the first clear chance of the second half went to Hindustan FC's way as Kushant almost scored a goal when he was left unmarked in the box. Fortunately this time for Real Kashmir, goalkeeper Sukhwinder Singh was well positioned to make a save.
Real Kashmir dominated the proceedings and create chances, the best of which saw Yao Kouassi Bernard put the ball just wide of the target 12 minutes after the restart. They made it 3-1 in the 67th minute when Nadong, who came in as a substitute, scored from Ifham's point-perfect pass.
Hindustan FC went all out towards the end and was rewarded with a goal in the 80th minute courtesy Kushant. The Delhi club ended second with four points from three matches.
In another game, local outfit Ozone FC and TRAU FC of Manipur played out a 0-0 draw to finish third and fourth respectively.
LONDON (AP) — Snow caused travel disruptions across central England and northern Wales on Sunday, grounding flights, shutting down roads and triggering traffic accidents.
Birmingham, London Stansted and London Luton airports briefly suspended flights as runways were cleared. The airports advised passengers to contact their airlines to check the status of flights.
Heathrow Airport just outside London, the busiest airport in Europe, expressed regret that weather conditions in the U.K. resulted in disruptions for passengers.
“Airlines are responsible for ensuring their flights are fully de-iced before they are operated, and this is resulting in some delays and cancellations,” the airport said in a statement posted on Twitter.
Airports worked through the early evening to clear the backlog of flights. But in the world of interconnected air travel, the effects of any extended disruptions can persist for hours, with planes and flight crews quickly knocked out of rotation for their next assignments.
Weather-related troubles were also evident on U.K. roadways. Police advised people to stay home unless travel was critical.
The M1 motorway — the main highway between London and northeast England — was partially closed in Leicestershire.
Police in Wales warned against all but the most essential travel amid persistent snowfall that was forecast to last throughout Sunday. Strong winds slammed the Welsh coast.
The Met Office warned of wind and rain for London and southern England, with gusts of up to 70 mph (110 kph) predicted.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the moment an extreme road road rage motorbiker found himself trapped on a bus after he boarded to remonstrate with its driver who had pulled out in front of him.
His helmetcam footage showed the incident from start to finish - and how he lost his cool when he got off his bike to talk to the driver.
It showed him accuse the driver of pulling out in front of him moments earlier on a wet road and claim the driver had put his life in danger.
He fumed: "Do you know what the give way line means?" - before adding: "You f*****g wimp, you f******g c***."
The man added that he had the bus's licence number and driver number - but the unphased driver replied: "It doesn't matter."
(Image: ViralHog)
The irate commuter then steps off the double-decker and then re-boards to continue his row as bemused passengers watched on.
But while he was in the middle of his rant on the 295 Clapham Junction bus in London, the doors closed and the sudden bus took off from its stop.
"What are you doing? What are you doing?" the motorcyclist fumes.
"Why are you getting me inside to close the door, are you serious? Why are you trying to entrap me?"
(Image: ViralHog)
(Image: ViralHog)
The motorcyclist then lashed out with blows at the Perspex where the driver is perched behind while the bus is moving.
He hammered the protective plastic glass for several minutes while demanding to get off, before a passenger tells the driver to stop.
The furious road user then got off and shouted at the driver: "You just get out of there."
(Image: ViralHog)
(Image: ViralHog)
He then drags a bin from the street and hauls it in front of the bus to apparently stop the vehicle from moving off.
The motorcyclist then opens the engine compartment at the rear of the bus and tinkers inside, but it is not clear what he is doing.
The helmet cam footage then shows him walk back to his motorbike.
The Met Police and Transport for London have been contacted for comment.
FRANKFURT Euro zone inflation could accelerate more quickly than earlier thought but underlying price growth, a key measure watched by policymakers, will only rise slowly, the European Central Bank's Survey of Professional Forecasters showed on Friday.
The ECB kept its abundant stimulus measures in place on Thursday, arguing that inflation excluding energy and food products has yet to show a convincing upward trend.
This suggests that even if growth accelerates, any removal of stimulus will be gradual, lasting years.
Headline inflation in the 19 member currency bloc could hit 1.6 percent this year, above a previous forecast for 1.4 percent, then rise to 1.7 percent by 2019, above the 1.6 percent projection from three months ago, the survey based on 56 responses showed.
Expectations for inflation in 2021 are meanwhile holding steady at 1.8 percent, just at the ECB's inflation objective.
But underlying inflation expectations remained steady at 1.1 percent for this year and 1.3 percent next year, indicating that the rise in inflation is fuelled by volatile food and fuel prices with little effect on core trends.
Growth is meanwhile expected to accelerate more than earlier thought with 2017 growth now seen at 1.7 percent, above an earlier forecast for 1.5 percent.
But growth will then slow steadily in the coming years, first to 1.6 percent next year, then 1.5 percent in 2019, the survey indicated.
(Reporting by Balazs Koranyi; Editing by Francesco Canepa)
ATLANTA, Ga (AP) — Authorities say Justin Ross Harris has been sent to a south Georgia prison to begin serving a life-without-parole sentence for the murder of his 22-month-old son, who died in a hot car in suburban Atlanta.
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reports the 36-year-old Harris is being held at Valdosta State Prison.
Jurors in November found Harris guilty of murder after his toddler son died in the back of a hot SUV.
Jurors convicted Harris of malice murder, meaning they believed he intentionally left 22-month-old Cooper in the SUV to die on a day in June 2014 when temperatures in the Atlanta area climbed into the high 80s.
Harris moved from Tuscaloosa, Alabama, to Georgia to work at Home Depot's corporate office in Cobb County, Georgia, just northwest of Atlanta.
April 24 (UPI) -- Liverpool's Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain suffered a brutal knee injury Tuesday and could be out for the rest of the season, according to coach Jurgen Klopp.
The star midfielder went down in the 15th minute. He was chasing AS Roma's Aleksander Kolarov on the play during the Reds' 5-2 win in the Champions League semifinals at Anfield in Liverpool, England. Kolarov dribbled down the left side of the pitch on the play, before Oxlade-Chamberlain came flying in for a tackle. Kolarov landed on top of the Liverpool midfielder, as Oxlade-Chamberlain's legs got caught under his body.
Oxlade-Chamberlain immediately grabbed his right knee and was in obvious pain as he was attended to by the Liverpool medical staff. He was removed from the pitch on a stretcher.
"Oxlade, it's probably a really bad injury," Klopp told BT Sport.
"If we can say that already before the scan, that's never good news so that means for us it's a massive blow, of course."
"We have still a few very important games to go and the squad doesn't get bigger in the moment, so we obviously need to be creative in the next few games."
Tough blow for Oxlade-Chamberlain and Liverpool, as he has to be substituted less than 20 minutes into the game. pic.twitter.com/bUnchgP4dj — FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) April 24, 2018
Klopp was asked by reporters after Tuesday's match if Oxlade-Chamberlain's season is over.
"It looks like it is," Klopp said. "It doesn't look good. I'm a very positive person and I hope it only 'feels' bad. We lost a fantastic player tonight, so my mood is not flying."
Oxlade-Chamberlain's World Cup status is also now in doubt. The England national team member was set to take the pitch with the squad on June 18 against Tunisia at the start of the group stage.
Last week the members of the “Warwick Poppies 2018” committee organised a trip to a memorial arboretum.
The “Warwick Poppies 2018” project will be a year-long campaign, where the committee members will be looking to collect thousands of handmade poppies.
The handcrafted poppies will then form the exhibition that will be a community tribute that marks the centenary of the end of the First World War.
Last Monday (August 7) the project committee members along with Warwick residents and members of St Mary's Church went to the National Memorial Arboretum in Staffordshire.
The trip came one week after the commemoration of the centenary of the Battle of Passchendaele.
A spokesperson from the Warwick Poppies 2018 committee said: “After the daily Service of Remembrance, the group took the land train tour of the site, lasting 50 minutes, followed by free time to explore at will.”
Warwick Poppies 2018 is to be officially launched on September 5th but handmade poppies are already being collected for the tribute.
Further details about the project are available in St Mary's Church, or via the project's dedicated website: www.warwickpoppies.org.uk
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Vanessa Woodfield will continue to act as a pillar of support for girlfriend Charity Dingle during this evening's episode.
During last night's heartbreaking Emmerdale , Charity opened up about her harrowing ordeal as a pregnant and abused teen. The usually feisty pub landlady, played by Emma Atkins, then revealed that her baby and heartbreakingly died.
However, unbeknownst to Charity, this is not the case and her son was revealed to still be alive.
At the end of the flashback, the nurse who had run after a young Charity (Mica Proctor) returned back to the room the baby had been being resuscitated in.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
The doctor standing by the incubator glanced up from his clipboard and said: "He wants to see in the new year with us."
She walked over to the incubator and knelt down to see Charity's baby, who was very much alive.
poll loading Was Emmerdale right to show the abuse scenes so early? 500+ VOTES SO FAR YES NO
"Well hello," she said stroking his head. "Welcome to the world little fella. Your mummy got a bit upset but she'll be back soon. I promise."
Only Charity never returned as she thought that he was dead.
So when will he return to the Dales?
It was reported late last year that Charity's long lost son would be returning, but it is not yet known when he could be making an appearance... or whether he is in the village already...
A source told The Sun that Charity's entire world would be "rocked" by his return.
They added: "Things have settled for her in terms of her personal life after three kids and as many husbands but this will change everything again."
*Emmerdale returns tomorrow at 7pm on ITV
The Serbs can still secure first place with a home win against Georgia on Monday. But Wales was only a point behind Serbia, and Ireland was another point back and still alive after defeating Moldova 2-0 in Dublin.
Wales and Ireland meet on Monday to decide their fate.
GROUP G
Spain defeated Albania with first-half goals by Rodrigo, Isco, and Thiago Alcantara in a match marked by mixed reaction toward Pique, who was booed and applauded by different parts of the crowd of nearly 30,000 fans in Alicante.
Many fans have targeted Pique for being openly critical of the Spanish government's handling of the independence referendum organized by Catalonia on Sunday, when authorities and voters confronted each other in violent clashes.
Italy's chance of winning the group ended with a surprise draw in Turin. Defender Giorgio Chiellini put the Italians ahead shortly before halftime but Macedonia substitute Aleksandar Trajkovski equalized near the end.
"The jeers at the end were deserved looking at how we played after the break," Italy coach Gian Piero Ventura said.
Liechtenstein fell at home to Israel 1-0 for its ninth straight loss. Liechtenstein has been outscored 35 to one.
GROUP I
Iceland was at the top of the group after its stunning 3-0 win at Turkey.
With Finland surprisingly holding Croatia to 1-1 away, and Ukraine taking three points from Kosovo after a 2-0 away win, the tightest group in European qualifying will have to be decided on Monday in the last round of matches.
Iceland leads with 19 points, and Croatia and Ukraine are two points behind. Turkey is out of contention with 14 as well as Finland with 8.
Iceland is a clear favourite when it hosts last-placed Kosovo in its last qualifier, while Croatia has to travel to Ukraine.
___
More AP World Cup coverage: www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
___
Tales Azzoni on Twitter: http://twitter.com/tazzoni
By Tales Azzoni, The Associated Press
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH)–Senator Richard Blumenthal was in New Haven on Friday, meeting with kids who have been separated from their families as a result of President Donald Trump's travel ban.
The students are taking part in a specialized tutoring program at Wilbur Cross High School‘s ‘International Academy.' The program is run by the Integrated Refugee and Immigrant Services group, known as ‘IRIS.'
“It's so good to be here in the school because I lived in Jordan for five years, and I had no school, no education, no study, no nothing, I was just working,” said Syrian refugee Omar Oussa. “So when I came here I continued my education.”
On Sunday morning, IRIS will hold its annual “Run for Refugees” in New Haven. The race starts at Wilbur Cross High School at 10 a.m.
More information: Run for Refugees to be held Sunday in New Haven
TOKYO — Share prices are mostly higher in Europe and Asia on Monday, lifted by encouraging employment data from the United States that took the Standard & Poor's 500 index to its third straight weekly gain on Friday despite weakness earlier in the week.
KEEPING SCORE: Germany's DAX climbed 0.1 percent to 13,162.33 while the CAC 40 in France added less than 0.1 percent to 5,401.78. Britain's climbed 0.7 percent to 7,443.25. Dow futures added 0.2 percent to 24,374.00 and S&P 500 futures were up 0.1 percent, auguring an upbeat start to the week.
ANALYST'S VIEWPOINT: “The U.S. Federal Reserve, the ECB and the Bank of England will issue interest rate announcements this week. While the Fed is almost certain to lift rates by 0.25 percent, the consensus points to no changes from the ECB and BOE. The central bankers' take on the state of growth and inflation are potentially market moving. US inflation and retail sales numbers, and November industrial production in China headline a long list of releases this week,” Michael McCarthy of CMC Markets said in a commentary.
BITCOIN: The first-ever bitcoin future jumped as the increasingly popular virtual currency made its debut on the Chicago Board Options Exchange. The futures contract that expires in January surged more than $3,000 to $18,500 during Asian trading hours after it was launched on the Chicago Board Options Exchange. By 0930 GMT it was at $17,500.00. The price of an actual bitcoin has soared since it began the year below $1,000. As of 0700 GMT it was at $16,516.97 on the private exchange Coindesk.
ASIA'S DAY: Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index climbed 0.6 percent to 22,983.73 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index gained 1.0 percent to 28,923.94. The S&P ASX 200 in Australia edged 0.1 percent higher to 6,030.01 and the Shanghai Composite index added 0.9 percent to 3,318.87. South Korea's Kospi picked up 0.3 percent at 2,471.49. India's Sensex rose 0.2 percent to 33,329.96 and shares in Southeast Asia also were higher.
ENERGY: The price of oil fell back, with benchmark U.S. crude losing 42 cents to $56.94 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It gained 67 cents to $57.06 per barrel on Friday. Brent crude, the international standard, lost 14 cents to $63.26 per barrel. It rose $1.20 to $63.40 per barrel on Friday.
CURRENCIES: The dollar slipped to 113.40 Japanese yen from 113.48 yen late Friday. The euro rose to $1.1794 from $1.1774, and the British pound dropped to $1.3374 from $1.3465.
Created in 1942 to help with efforts against Japan during WWII, the Navy Construction Batallion, or Seabees, is celebrating its 75th anniversary in 2017. Navy Capt. Cheryl Hansen, commanding officer of the Seabees in Gulfport, Miss., joins Federal Drive with Tom Temin to discuss its history and give a look ahead.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Revellers were caught on camera fighting in a violent brawl at a family seaside resort.
Shocking footage shows dozens of people punching and kicking each other on Friday night.
Police were called to the fight in Harbour Parade, Ramsgate, Kent, at around 11pm on August 11.
No arrests have been made but officers were called to the scene of the mass brawl after shocked witnesses called the police, Kent Live reports.
(Image: http://www.kentlive/ WS)
(Image: http://www.kentlive/ WS)
(Image: http://www.kentlive/ WS)
The video, filmed on Snapchat, was widely shared on social media and shows a crowd of people watching the fight break out by the water front.
A man is seen being kicked to the ground as others run to join in.
A Kent Police spokesman said: "Kent Police was called to a report of a disturbance involving a group of people at 10.58pm on Friday 11 August 2017.
(Image: http://www.kentlive/ WS)
(Image: http://www.kentlive/ WS)
"Officers attended the scene in Harbour Parade, Ramsgate.
"Enquiries into the incident are ongoing."
New Delhi: As India take on Bangladesh in second semi-final of ICC Champions Trophy, all eyes would be on veteran left-hander Yuvraj Singh, who will be playing his 300th ODI match on Thursday.
The southpaw, who made his debut in the same tournament in 2000, remains to be a vital cog in Men in Blue's batting line-up.
Ahead of the second semi-final match against The Bangla Tigers, Yuvraj posted a video on social media showcasing his supernatural skills.
Watch the video here which was recorded by Indian skipper Virat Kohli:
Speaking on the eve of his side's semi-final clash against Bangladesh at the Edgbaston Cricket Ground, Yuvraj said that he is not focussing on his 300th game and just looking forward to guiding his side to the finals.
"It is a big achievement for me. I am not going to do anything special. I think the team is much more important than my 300th game. We are focussing on our semi-final. I think Bangladesh have been doing really well in the tournament. We want to contribute towards our plans. We have to win this match at any cost. I am not focussing on my 300th game," he said.
Reflecting on his numerous comebacks, Yuvraj admitted that although it is not difficult to play for India, sustaining is tough. He further said that his "never giving it up" attitude is his biggest attribute."
To play for India is not that difficult, but to sustain in it is tough. I think the biggest quality in me would be never to give up. Keep pushing no matter what obstacles come in your life. That is what I can give to the younger guys: never back down, always keep on working the same way whether you are having a good time or a bad time, be consistent and be persistent. Focus on the process of the game," Yuvraj pointed out.
(With ANI inputs)
New Delhi: Shamita Shetty does wonder how her career would be different if she had taken up more work, but lives without any regret. The actress says all her ups and downs helped her evolve, and she is "happy and content" at the moment.
"There are many times when I sit back and try to analyse the things that I could have done differently. Maybe I should have taken on more work, but then again I don't know if I would have been happy doing work that I was not convinced with," Shamita told IANS in an email.
She added, "Unfortunately, giving up on work because I was not convinced (meant) I would not be seen onscreen too much (and) made people think that I left the industry, which was really not the case. On the whole, I don't think I have any regrets. Every decision that I have made and all the ups and downs made me the person that I am. I am happy and content. I go with the flow and I don't fight situations anymore. I have learnt to be happy with whatever I have."
Shamita, sister of actress Shilpa Shetty, scored a dream debut with Yash Raj Films' "Mohabbatein", but post that her career went downhill. Some of her projects like 'Wajahh: A Reason to Kill', 'Bewafaa', 'Zeher', 'Fareb' and 'Cash' went unnoticed, and in some she just made special appearances.
The actress, who has appeared in reality TV shows like "Bigg Boss" and "Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa" as well, admits that "every experience in life -- good, bad or ugly -- has taught me so much about myself as a person".
"The toughest situations help you understand your true strength and that's how it has been for me always. In terms of learning, there isn't one particular thing that I can talk about. But I think as time has gone by, I have kind of understood what works for me or doesn't. Now, I am able to be the person that I am mentally and truly with no excuses."
She continued, "Many a time you are faced with a situation where you have to make a decision and challenge yourself. When you do that you really understand your true strength. There are several incidents where I challenged myself... going into the 'Bigg Boss' house was a challenge that went completely against my personality,"
The actress, who turned 39 on Friday, says she likes to do "some charity work" on her birthday.
On the work front, she was last seen in web series "Yo Ke Hua Bro".
NEWINGTON, Conn. (WTNH) — News 8's Destination Location segment during Good Morning Connecticut at 9 a.m. took viewers to explore Newington. Residents of the town located in Hartford county – bordering West Hartford, Wethersfield, Rocky Hill, Berlin and New Britain – boasted about places to go and see around Newington.
Mill Pond Falls, located in the center of Newington, is home to the smallest natural waterfall in the United States. This 16-foot high waterfall is proudly reflected on the town's seal.
Related Content: Newington tattoo shop creating permanent art
From dining staples like GoldBurgers, Joey Garlic's, Rooster Co, TJs on Cedar and Mortensen's Ice Cream, many great recommendations poured in from viewers for a quick bite to eat or a sit-down lunch or dinner. The annual Newington Extravaganza brought in many memories of summer and community involvement from the Newington Children's Theater Company as well as activities like working out at Big Sky Fitness and a round of bowling at Berlin Turnpike establishment since 1959, Bowl-O-Rama was also called out.
Have something to add? Comment on our Facebook page.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SCRANTON -- Senator Pat Toomey stopped by a warehouse in Scranton to see how Washington's passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is already affecting small businesses.
"At the end of the day, there`s no question that this business will owe less in taxes than it otherwise would. And that means more resources available to reinvest here in growing this business," Toomey said.
JED Pool Tools on Penn Avenue has been open since 1982 and now has its highest number of employees after hiring three new people this month.
"I did just meet with my accountant this morning and he seemed more of a champion today than he was last week. He said you`re going get 20% off whatever your bottom line profit is," said co-owner Cindi Heyen.
JED Pool Tools makes pool accessories and custom plastics. The owners told Newswatch 16 they're hoping the tax break will mean more money for employees, too.
"Hopefully, we can give that back to the employees, that`s our hope, we have some really good people and we want to get their raises, give them raises that they deserve," Heyen added.
Senator Toomey's tour came less than an hour after House Republicans released a controversial Intelligence Committee memo. It pertains to possible surveillance by the FBI of a Trump campaign aide. It alleges bias in the FBI.
Many Democrats wanted to keep the memo secret. Senator Toomey was in line with his fellow Republicans, advocating its release.
"I honestly was not persuaded by the senior FBI folks who suggested that while there might be important omissions, ok, if there`s an omission then tell us about it. We can have that discussion. But, the American people need to understand, were people wiretapped on the basis of a campaign opposition research report? Because that`s not a good reason," Toomey said.
Rodman says he wants to 'open the door' to the regime and claims that US President Donald Trump would be pleased with his mission
Published 12:57 PM, June 14, 2017
SEOUL, South Korea – Flamboyant former NBA star Dennis Rodman arrived in North Korea Tuesday, June 13 after saying he wants to "open the door" to the regime and claiming that US President Donald Trump would be pleased with his mission.
Sporting a baseball cap, sunglasses, multiple facial piercings and a black t-shirt emblazoned with the logo of sponsor PotCoin – a cryptocurrency for the legal cannabis industry – Rodman was greeted at Pyongyang airport by sports vice-minister Son Kwang Ho and journalists.
"I'm just trying to open the door," the eccentric ex-Chicago Bulls power forward told reporters at Beijing airport before boarding his Air Koryo flight.
Asked whether he had spoken with Trump about his trip, Rodman said: "I'm pretty sure he's pretty much happy with the fact that I'm over here trying to accomplish something that we both need."
Rodman's trip to North Korea is at least his fifth. Most recently in 2014 he attracted a deluge of criticism after being filmed singing happy birthday to his "friend for life," leader Kim Jong-Un.
The latest visit comes amid high tensions between Washington and Pyongyang – which is currently holding 4 Americans – following a series of missile tests by the North, which have triggered tightened UN sanctions.
The 56-year-old NBA Hall of Famer, who was heavily criticized for failing to raise the plight of a jailed US missionary on a previous trip, said discussing detained US citizens was "not my purpose right now."
The player nicknamed "The Worm" is one of the few Westerners to have met Kim, who took over following the death of his father Kim Jong-Il in 2011.
It is not clear whether Rodman, who once dated Madonna and was married to model and actress Carmen Electra, will be meeting Kim Jong-Un during the current trip or what its exact purpose is.
He said in Beijing his aim is to try to “bring sports to North Korea”.
Rodman has met Kim on some but not all of his previous trips.
He has previously described his visits – including one in 2013 with the Harlem Globetrotters – as "basketball diplomacy" but has been roundly criticised for failing to raise human rights issues.
A senior Trump administration official told Fox News Rodman was going to the North "as a private citizen."
Unlikely relationship
Rodman, who is known as much for his piercings, ever-changing hair colors and off-court antics as his basketball skills, has developed an unlikely relationship with the North Korean leader since making his first trip there in 2013.
The bombastic player – who once wore a wedding dress to promote one of his books – also knows Trump, having appeared as a contestant on his reality television show "Celebrity Apprentice."
Trump called Rodman "smart" for his 2013 trip to North Korea, Politico reported at the time.
"The world is blowing up around us. Maybe Dennis is a lot better than what we have," Trump was quoted as saying. "Dennis is not a stupid guy. He's smart in many ways; he's very street-wise."
Analyst Daniel Pinkston, a lecturer at Troy University, said he did not believe that Rodman was going as a back-channel emissary from Trump despite US media speculation.
"I have high confidence that's not the case but Dennis does know Trump and he does know Kim," Pinkston said, adding that "it's not a pre-planned thing, the White House, State Department calling him, saying 'Take this envelope, say this thing'."
The young Kim, who was educated in Switzerland, is reported to be a keen basketball fan and especially of the Chicago Bulls. Rodman played a key role in winning three NBA titles for them alongside Michael Jordan in the 1990s.
Pinkston said the trip was likely part of an effort by the North's foreign ministry to ease tensions with Washington.
"They were looking at ways to do that and this was one of the instruments they were looking at, and the foreign ministry thought it was advisable to formally extend an invitation," he told AFP.
The North has occasionally jailed US citizens on charges ranging from hostile acts to illegal entry, and released them only after visits by high-profile figures including former president Bill Clinton.
Rodman routinely distances himself from political events in North Korea. – Cat Barton, Agence France-Presse/Rappler.com
Advertisement
CHARLESTON, WV (NEWS RELEASE) – U.S. Senator Joe Manchin today announced that NIOSH's Mobile Occupational Safety and Health Units will be set up in Matewan and Oceana, providing free black lung exams, from Monday, October 16 through Friday, October 20. Senator Manchin visited with coal miners in Matewan and Oceana earlier this year, and he promised then to work with NIOSH to bring the mobile clinics to them.
“I'd like to thank NIOSH for accepting my invitation to provide these free screenings, and I encourage miners – working or retired – to come out for an appointment,” Senator Manchin said.
The clinics will be set up from 8:00 a.m.-5:00 p.m. each day, Monday through Friday. Miners are urged to call 1-888-480-4042 to make an appointment. Walk-ins will be taken as time allows. According to NIOSH, the exam typically takes 30 minutes and includes a short questionnaire, blood pressure screening, a chest x-ray, and a breathing test. Participation is free and the results are confidential.
Senator Manchin's staff will also be holding mobile office hours at the following times, if miners or their families need any assistance with their cases:
SENATOR MANCHIN'S MOBILE OFFICE HOURS AT NIOSH BLACK LUNG UNITS
When: Monday, October 16 & Tuesday, October 17 from 9:00 a.m.-11:00 a.m.
Where: Matewan UMWA Building, 329 Mate Street, Matewan
What: Regional Coordinator, Mike Browning, will be on site to assist constituents.
When: Monday, October 16 & Tuesday, October 17 from 9:00 a.m.-11:00 a.m.
Where: Oceana UMWA Building, 1726 Cook Parkway, Oceana
What: Regional Coordinator, Brian Aluise, will be on site to assist constituents.
Related
Comments
comments
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
CHITTAGONG: Sri Lanka spinners led by Rangana Herath took three crucial wickets late in day four to leave Bangladesh with an uphill task of saving the opening Test in Chittagong on Saturday.
Bangladesh reached 81-3 at stumps, still needing 119 to make Sri Lanka bat again. The visitors declared their first innings at 713-9 in the final session.
Off-spinner Dilruwan Perera dismissed Imrul Kayes for 19 before left-arm unorthodox bowler Lakshan Sandakan got Tamim Iqbal caught behind for 41.
Herath then removed Mushfiqur Rahim for two with his left-arm spin in the last over of the day.
Mominul Haque — 18 not out — was at the crease when the players walked back after another run-filled day.
“We have a pretty good chance to win the Test. It is a pretty good wicket. It is all turning from the rough, and outside the stumps,” said Sri Lankan wicketkeeper Niroshan Dickwella.
“We are hoping to start the (fifth and final) day well. We are bowling in good areas, line and length.”
Sri Lanka declared their innings in the third over into the final session with a lead of 200 runs in response to Bangladesh's first innings total of 513.
Left-arm spinner Taijul Islam, who returned figures of 4-219, took two wickets off his successive overs to wrap up the Sri Lankan innings.
Taijul got the all-important wicket of skipper Dinesh Chandimal for 87 before off-spinner Mehedi Hasan removed Dickwella for 62 to slow down the Sri Lankan progress.
“It is a batting wicket, but we didn't bowl to that level. I think they made 100 runs too many,” said Taijul.
Debutant left-arm spinner Sunzamul Islam got his maiden Test wicket, trapping Dilruwan Perera leg-before for 32.
Roshen Silva joined the run fest in the morning session to post his maiden Test century after Sri Lanka resumed on 504-3.
He made 109 off 230 balls before becoming the first batsman dismissed on the day.
Silva was Sri Lanka's third century maker of the innings after Kusal Mendis and Dhananjaya de Silva, who made 196 and 173 runs respectively.
Mehedi ended Silva's impressive innings when the right-hander edged a low delivery to wicketkeeper Liton Das.
Silva shared a 135-run stand with Chandimal for the fourth wicket and hit six fours and a six.
loading...
Hannibal Buress is most known for reminding everyone that Bill Cosby has a long history of sexual assault. However, this past Saturday, at Loyola University in Chicago, the comedian got shut down for jokes that reportedly went too far.
Just five minutes into his set, Buress' mic was shut off due to a joke about the pedophilia and the Catholic church — Loyola University is a Catholic University. The Loyola Phoenix reports, Buress showed the audience an email from the Jesuit university's administration, which said he could not make jokes about “rape, sexual assault, race, sexual orientation/gender,” or “illegal drugs.” See below:
Buress wasn't too happy and said to the crowd, “Bitch ass old people, I can project. Y'all f*ck kids, right?” His mic was immediately turned off. Loyal Phoenix reported, “After making a comment referencing priests' molestation of children, Buress' microphone cut out. The upset crowd booed but eventually quieted so Buress could perform without a microphone. The background music's volume was reportedly increased.”
The crowd reportedly started chanting, “We want Hanibal!” One student told the outlet, “I literally thought like I was about to witness a riot, and I was ready to participate. Also it's wild that Loyola preaches about speaking up and speaking out but they're gonna censor someone does just that, like that's wild. Also I'm really impressed with all the Loyola kids that stood their ground and refused to leave without an explanation.”
The comedian returned to the stage 15 minutes later and finished his set. Loyola University should do a little more research before booking comedians — Buress has always been outspoken about censorship.
SEE ALSO:
WATCH: White Supremacist Charlottesville Rally Organizer Flees From Counterprotesters
Venture Capitalist Launches Non-Profit To Invest In Tech Creators From HBCUs
19 Howard University Student-Athletes Honored By the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference
There is light and beauty, even in the darkest of worlds. Winner of Spain's Goya Award for Best Animated Feature (where the director separately won Best Animated Short Film in the same year), Alberto Vázquez's debut feature is a darkly comic, mind-bending fantasy based on his own graphic novel and award-winning short film. Striking graphic imagery brings to life a discordant world populated by adorable (and adorably disturbed) animated critters, searching for hope and love... Full synopsis »
it is a world-changing project with global reach
One of the great American sagas was the pioneering and building of railroads to connect the country from the east coast to the west coast, with branched lines covering points north and south. The population and industry of America blossomed in those regions touched by King Rail, and the many junction points along the lines.A similar story took place in Russia at about the same time along the vast trans-Siberia line and its many branches between Vladivostok to St. Petersburg. Today the story is repeating with the One Belt, One road effort to interconnect Eurasia that I wrote about last week Today, we are chugging along blithely through what can only be called politically schizophrenic times. The loud accusatory bluster and proxy threats we use are serving us as well as shooting ourselves in the foot. With all the conflicting noise, it has become hard to see into the economic crystal ball, and the once cherished dreams for unencumbered trade between nations. Hope and visions for future opportunities may be among the first casualties, and one I want to touch on through this story.It is about a project that has risen several times, and been. It would be a globally defining infrastructure investment,. Simply put, this project would be an economic generator allowing for the creation of directly productive employment and expanding development opportunities throughout several countries.On maps, the Bering Strait is used as a convenient place to 'split' the world.. Currently, with advanced engineering, similar projects have already been done, and while challenging, it is fully within our competence to achieve. The map divide also manages to include the International Date Line cutting through the center of the strait where the Russian side is 21 hours ahead of the Alaskan side. Because of this, the islands are sometimes called Tomorrow Island (Big Diomede) and Yesterday Island (Little Diomede) yet they are only about 2.5 kilometers apart.The Bering Strait became known to the western world in 1648 when Russian explorer Semyon Dezhnev reached the strait and reported on the local peoples and conditions. In 1728, Virus Bering, a Danish navigator, took a Russian expedition to the strait. This expedition gave names to both the strait and the Diomede Islands - named in honor of the Russian Orthodox St. Diomede.The entire area, originally claimed by Russia (with competing claims by Britain and Spain), was largely ignored politically for a further century while the region got on with business. Then In 1867, during the post-US Civil War era, US President Andrew Johnson's Secretary of State, William Seward, negotiated a US$7.2 million deal with the Russian Empire to buy Alaska. During World War II, the Bering Strait became a crucial artery for goods traveling by sea and air over Alaska from the United States to the Soviet Union.It was then that the Bering Strait bridge/tunnel was first proposed as a link, reuniting Asia and the Americas. This, after thousands of years of separation since the ice age that allowed chilly but unhindered movement of people and mammoths between the continents. This refreshing cordiality was welcome as the "cold war" was supposedly settled - yesterday's news. There were expectations by all to finally have a "peace dividend" to allow investing in projects for a positive economic future, like the land-bridge/tunnel.As it turns out, the ever-increasing accusatory rhetoric tweeting between nations has re-invented yet another ice age with increasingly accusatory petulance and undiplomatically frosty cold war-ish attitudes from the US towards Russia and increasingly towards China.Not too long ago,. They propose to build a high-speed rail line connecting China to the United States via Russia and Canada. As recently as May 2016 the rail expert Wang Mengshu, of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, spoke of plans to build a high-speed rail line nicknamed the China-Russia-Canada-America line which Russia had also been thinking about and working on for years.China needs and buys coal.It has been estimated that a high-speed rail project from Beijing or Moscow to Washington DC would cost at least $2 trillion. The Bering Strait tunnel, which is the keystone that will allow such routes, would cost approximately $35 billion, a small fraction of the total. The returns would be both large and long-term for all the nations involved -The collateral damage of this "cold war" attitude is the loss of opportunity for the United States, Canada, Mexico and perhaps even Central America to upgrade and join their rail-freight networks, becoming part of the ongoing Eurasian land link boom. The real economic benefits are apparent to each participating sovereign nation. After all,. It really is high time to re-evaluate, look in the mirror and have a reality check on who is the source of the problems restricting progress, and who offers solutions.
NOOSA'S Dog Beach came back. Then it disappeared again.
And the council wants it back. But this time for keeps.
A whole new study into restoring the popular beach, which has again eroded despite extensive work done during the Sunshine Coast Council amalgamation period in 2012, is under way.
Mayor Tony Wellington told Noosa Council's services and organisation committee meeting the SCC solution had shown itself to be inadequate, promising removable geotechnical equipment and no "hard surfaces” to be used.
"But the hydrologist (hired at the time) only assessed Dog Beach,” the mayor said.
"Sunshine Coast Council's plan put rocks and geotech bags in. It was supposed to succeed, but the river took its own course.
"The channel is ignoring works done.”
The study said erosion due to river-mouth re-orientation and the effects of Cyclone Debbie had contributed to changes in channel activity.
"We had Dog Beach back for a couple of years - then it disappeared again,” Mayor Wellington said.
He said what was needed was a "proper” hydrological study undertaken, that anticipated the whole river system, and "for Main Beach, too”.
Committee chair Cr Frank Pardon said while he would prefer hard sand berms - which would require now-outlawed dredging - he didn't want to see more rocks used as a solution.
"Aesthetically I can't handle that type of thing,” Cr Pardon said.
He said the original path at the beach had fallen into the water.
Cr Brian Stockwell said while it was important to bring the beach back for the enjoyment of residents and their canine friends, we should not forget the primary purpose of the beach, which was to provide a barrier against loss of property.
"Remember that it is also known as the 'Noosa Parade Erosion Protection Beach',” he said.
Staff said a full survey of all river channelling and flow trends would be under way by October with results and recommendations for action back to council in early 2018.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
1:29
AMBER, Blue and Silver Alerts: What you need to know
3:47
Video: Arlington mom films arrests of her two teenage sons
3:13
Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) on Monday said that he would have a “hard time” working with a colleague that he thinks “molested a child,” referring to allegations against Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore.
Graham on CNN said that if Moore wins the special election on Tuesday, Republicans “can't deny him” a seat in the Senate, but “the moment he's seated he becomes a member of the body.”
“The Senate has its own way of dealing with membership in the body,” Graham said. “There'll be an Ethics Committee investigation, and if the Ethics Committee, in a bipartisan manner, supports the allegations of these women that he in fact is a child molester, then my view is, that's inconsistent with being a member of the body.”
Numerous women have accused Moore of sexual misconduct, and of pursuing them sexually when they were teenagers and he was in his early 30s. One woman, Leigh Corfman, alleged that Moore initiated a sexual encounter when she was 14 years old, two years below the age of consent in Alabama.
“I'll have a hard time, quite frankly, keeping somebody in the body that I think molested a child, but we'll see what happens,” Graham said.
He said that if Moore wins, he “will be the gift that keeps on giving for Democrats.”
“It will define the 2018 election, at least 2018,” Graham said. “To think you can elect Roy Moore without getting the baggage of Roy Moore is pretty naive. I wished he would have stepped aside.”
QUETTA: An Anti-Terrorism Court (ATC) on Tuesday handed death sentence to the rapist and murderer of a minor girl in Quetta.
The family of the minor has expressed satisfaction over the verdict.
On September 14, 2014, the convict, Junaid Shehzad, raped and killed seven-year-old Sehar Batool and threw her body in a garbage dump.
The police arrested Shehzad under suspicion, and he later confessed the crime. The police presented the challan in the court along with statements by 12 witnesses.
Pierre Schoeman has been found guilty of biting Rebels back-rower Richard Hardwick.
Pierre Schoeman has been found guilty of biting Rebels back-rower Richard Hardwick.
BULLS prop Pierre Schoeman has been banned for six weeks for biting Melbourne Rebel Richard Hardwick during their 28-10 Super Rugby win in Pretoria.
Schoeman pleaded guilty in a hearing held via video conference.
"Having conducted a detailed review of all the available evidence, including all camera angles and additional evidence, including from the player and submissions from his legal representative, the Judicial Committee accepted the player's guilty plea," said SANZAAR committee chairman Adam Casselden.
Schoeman's ban rules him out of at least five Super Rugbies matches, as well as a potential international debut for South Africa against Wales in Washington DC on June 2.
Schoeman bit back-row Hardwick on the stomach during Saturday's match.
Although not punished on the field, Schoeman was issued an off-field red card by the competition's citing commissioner for alleged foul play.
The Rebels said their captain Tom English had alerted the on-field referee to the bite when Schoeman and Hardwick clashed in the 58th minute.
"Melbourne Rebels club captain Tom English at the time of incident appealed to the referee and gestured towards the evidence on Hardwick's stomach, however the initial penalty call against Hardwick was upheld," a Rebels spokesman said in a statement emailed to Reuters.
Pierre Schoeman in action against the Bulls.
In 2016, Argentina loose forward Leonardo Senatore was suspended for 10 weeks after being found guilty of biting the arm of a Sharks opponent when playing for the Jaguares in a Super Rugby match.
Schoeman was given a more lenient sentence that took into account mitigating factors including the player's "early guilty plea, his good character, his good disciplinary record and his remorse," Casselden said.
Sharp has used CES 2017 to announce the P9500, a 75-inch quantum dot LED TV aimed at home theater enthusiasts after precise cinematic images.
It's the first we've seen from Sharp since the brand was bought by Hisense for the North America market, and it's part of a strong 4K flavored line-up of LED-backlit LCD TVs for 2017.
Showing in a private room away from the CES show floor, the P9500 is actually called a DLED TV – so-called by Sharp because it's built around a direct LED panel – with 4K resolution and HDR Premium certification.
DLED TV
"The P9500 also has quantum dot wide color gamut panel, so brings 90% of the DCI-P3 color spectrum and direct LED local dimming, as well as motion 480 upscaling, and smart TV with a web browser," said Amy Lessig, ‪National Training and Execution Manager at Hisense, which owns the Sharp brand. "But it won't be displayed with the Hisense TVs at the CES."
Sharp is clearly going for home theater luvvies with this 75-incher. "We will be sending the P9500 to the UHD Alliance for certification as well as to THX," said Lessig. "We have designed the P9500 to meet those specifications."
Next in line comes the P9000, which also comes in just one size – 75-inches – but doesn't include quantum dot technology. However, it does have wide color gamut and can reach 85-90% of the DCI-P3 standard.
"It's also got HDR 10 compatibility with great luminance and color space as well as full array direct local dimming," said Lessig.
Lessig also confirmed that all of Sharp's 4K TVs in 2017 will have a smart TV web browser, 4K media player and receiver for the US market, and built-in dbx-tv audio. They all also include four HDMI 2.0b inputs with HDCP 2.2 at up to 60 frames per second, three USB slots, and two dual-band 802.11ac Wi-Fi modules.
A step down
The step-down P8000 line-up comes in 50-inch ($749.99), 55-inch ($849.99), 65-inch ($1,999.99) and 75-inch ($2,699.99) sizes. Further down comes the P7000, another HDR 10-compatible 4K line-up that includes 43-inch ($999.99), 50-inch ($649.99), 55-inch ($549.99) and 65-inch ($449.99) models. All are full array direct LED panels, but they lack local dimming.
It may be scraping the barrel for some, but Sharp did also announce a limited range of Full HD TV ranges in 2017, including the P5000 and P3000 direct LED panels. Soundbars were also detailed, including the high-end HT-SB603 for 60-inch+ screens. Supporting 4K pass-through via HDMI, the HT-SB603 includes 2x 80W channels and a 150W wireless subwoofer.
While UMC owns the Sharp brand in Europe, Hisense has had a five-year licensing deal in place since last year for the North America market. It's since invested $25 million in updating a factory in Mexico to double its output.
THE grid has been set for the 2018 edition of the Liqui-Moly Bathurst 12 Hour.
50 cars are expected to face the starter representing 11 different manufacturers, with 28 cars in the outright class.
Chaz Mostert took BMW's first pole position at Mount Panorama since 2007, setting the fastest lap in the Top 10 Shootout in the No. 43 Schnitzer Team BMW he will share with rookie Augusto Farfus and sophomore Marco Wittman.
SHOOTOUT: Mostert lays down a 2m01 to take Allan Simonsen Trophy
WATCH: Davison avoids disaster in 200km/h double spin
The two Jamec-Pem Audis take up the next two spots, with Luke Youlden's heroic shootout lap moving the No. 777 Buik Motorworks Lamborghini he will share with Tomas Enge and Yasser Shahin to fourth and winning the pole award for the Pro-Am class.
Last year's winners, Jamie Whincup and Craig Lowndes, will start from 15th and eighth this year in a Mercedes and McLaren respectively, the latter paired with regular Supercars teammate Shane van Gisbergen.
The second factory BMW, the No. 100 SRM Team car of Philipp Eng, Steven Richards and ex-F1 racer Timo Glock was scheduled to start from inside the top 10, but was excluded from qualifying over a technical breach and will instead start from last on the grid.
Joining them on the back row will be the No. 6 Wall Racing Lamborghini, which missed qualifying altogether due to an engine problem.
The No. 9 Hallmarc Audi was crashed heavily in Qualifying by Lee Holdsworth, the team racing the clock to repair the car in time for the race.
The fastest Class I runner was the No. 91 MARC II Ford Mustang of Will Brown, Rod Salmon and Keith Kassulke, which will start from 27th on the grid.
Father and son Steven and Brenton Grove and Ben Barker took the all-Porsche Class B honours with 29th on the grid, while the fastest Class C runner starts from 39th, the No. 30 BMW of Aaron Seton, Matt Brabham and Tony Longhurst.
The race gets underway at 5:45am Sunday morning.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Peter Andre is keeping part of his part hidden from his four-year-old daughter.
The proud dad-of-four has revealed that little Amelia is being kept in the dark - when it comes to his 1996 hit single Mysterious Girl.
The star, who shares kids Junior, 12, and Princess, 10, with ex Katie Price as well as Amelia and Theo, 17 months, with second wife Emily, says his youngest girl has never heard the song.
While his older kids are well aware of his pop star past, the younger ones are just beginning to figure out what he does for a living, and how he earned his fame.
(Image: Flynet)
(Image: peterandre/instagram)
The singer told New! magazine that Amela is a big fan of his new music but that she's never had the pleasure of listening to his classic tunes.
He said: "She doesn't know any of my old stuff though."
And when it was suggested he plays some for her, he added: "I guess, but I guess she can come across it when she's older and have a right laugh with her friends."
Pete also praised his "daddy's girl", saying she "doesn't forget a thing".
He added: "When we read her a story, the next time we read it, she'll know it word for word."
(Image: Capital Pictures)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Meanwhile, Pete's wife, Emily MacDonagh, recently spoke out after having her iCloud hacked as she revealed the truth behind stolen pictures which surfaced online.
Writing in her latest OK! column, she downplayed the snaps and insisted they were innocent in content.
"It was a storm in a teacup as it was made to seem indecent in the same way as some celebrities who have had their private photos hacked, but they certainly weren't," she said.
"One photo looks like something the kids took by accident, just of me getting changed on holiday.
"It just goes to show how things can be portrayed in totally the wrong way. It is unnerving to think that someone has been able to access our private photos.
"It's an unwelcome intrusion and one I hope doesn't happen again."
Thrust vector control helps in directing the path by transmitting its thrust vector to provide directional control. Based on technology, the market is segmented into flex nozzle, gimbal nozzle, rotating nozzle, thrusters and others. In 2016, in terms of technology, the flex nozzle segment dominated the market followed by rotating nozzle and is anticipated to remain the dominant segment in the near future as well. Increased use of flex nozzles in missiles and satellite launchers is one of the major factors likely to fuel the market for thrust vector control in the coming years.
Based on application, the market is segmented into satellites, missiles, launch vehicles, and fighter aircraft. Among various applications, in 2016, the fighter aircraft segment dominated the market followed by satellites, and is anticipated to be the same during the forecast period 2017 – 2025. The rise in acquisition of fighter aircraft in developing countries such as India and China is one of the major factors boosting the growth of the fighter aircraft segment in the market.
Obtain Report Details https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/thrust-vector-control-market.html
Based on system, the market is segmented into wide thrust vector injection system, thrust vector actuation system, and thrust vector thruster system. In 2016, the thrust vector actuation system segment was the largest market followed by wide thrust vector injection system. Increasing demand for thrust vector actuation systems in the defense sector is one of the major factors set to drive the market for thrust vector control in the coming years.
Increasing need for highly maneuverable fighter aircraft, rise in budget allocated for missile programs, growth in space research programs, and growing use of satellites to provide information are some of the major factors boosting the global thrust vector control market. However, some of the major factors restraining the market are high complexity in thrust vector control technology among others.
Brochure With The Latest Advancements and Application https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=27389
The geographical split of the market includes North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, Latin America, and Middle East and Africa. In 2016, North America is the key market followed by Europe. The U.S. is estimated to be the key market in North America as well as globally. Increase in number of satellite launches and launch vehicles are major factors boosting the market for thrust vector control. Increasing spending on space exploration programs is another major factor boosting the market in North America. Europe is expected to follow North America.
The U.K. and Germany are expected to be key markets for thrust vector control in Europe. Asia Pacific is expected to expand at a high CAGR during the forecast period 2017 – 2025. China is expected to be the major market for thrust vector control in Asia Pacific. In addition, the market in India is expected to expand at a high CAGR in the Asia Pacific region.
Download TOC https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=27389
Factors such as increase in production of missiles and development programs and increased need for super-maneuverable fighter aircraft are driving the market for thrust vector control in India as well as in the Asia Pacific region. However, increasing trend of reusing launch boosters and vehicles is acting as a restraining factor for the thrust vector control market in Asia Pacific as well as globally. Middle East and Africa is expected to grow at a health rate during the forecast period. Saudi Arabia and UAE are expected to be the major markets for thrust vector control in the Middle East and Africa region.
The major players in the thrust vector control market are Honeywell International, Inc. (United States), Moog, Inc. (United States), Woodward, Inc. (United States), Jansen Aircraft Systems Control, Inc. (United States), BAE Systems (United Kingdom), Wickman Spacecraft & Propulsion Company (United States), Parker Hannifin, Inc. (United States), Sierra Nevada Corporation (United States), Dynetics, Inc. (United States), and SABCA (Belgium).
Working under the assumption that the iPhone X would sell like hotcakes, Samsung set set off to produce and deliver a huge number of OLED (or organic light-emitting diode) screens for Apple's 10th anniversary handset.
Although the new phone was Apple's biggest earner , it actually sold fewer units than any other iPhone model before it.
This low demand has caused Apple to reportedly reduce its iPhone X production by half, leaving Samsung with a surplus of OLED panels which the South Korean company is now unable to sell.
According to a report in the Nikkei Asian Review , Samsung is looking for new buyers who could potentially use the OLED panels on their own handsets.
Unfortunately, the potential buyers are the Chinese manufacturers who produce handsets for the budget or mid-range market and prefer to stick to low-cost LCD displays.
Money matters
The iPhone X was one of the most expensive handsets launched in 2017, and its costly OLED displays were a part of the reason why — Samsung's OLED panels cost over $100 each, which is more than twice the cost of the company's liquid crystal displays.
To sprinkle salt on the proverbial wound, Samsung is also facing stiff competition from rival manufacturers. The South Korean giant currently controls about 95% of the OLED market, but that could soon drop with LG Display ramping up production this year, as are Chinese manufacturers like BOE Technology Group and Tianma Micro-electronics.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Violent clashes broke out in Liverpool city centre as police appeared to tackle unruly football fans prior to the Reds' Champions League semi-final first leg against Roma.
One man, presumably a police or security officer, appeared to throw another man to the ground before aiming kick at his backside as crowds dispersed following the fracas.
Reports on social media suggested the fans, many dressed in black, with hoods up, were Roma supporters.
The incident took place outside O'Neill's pub in Hanover Street, in the city centre.
Match Commander Chief Superintendent Dave Charnock, said before the match: "We are expecting a vibrant atmosphere at Tuesday's match, but our intention is that at the end of the day we will be talking about the game and what happened on the pitch as opposed to off the pitch."
Liverpool takes on the Serie A side in the first fixture of the last-four tie bidding for a place in next month's final in Kiev.
Some supporters came under fire after the Reds saw off Manchester City in the quarter-final when the visitors' team bus was targeted by home fans.
And there appeared to be more trouble before the Roma game with police being forced to intervene.
Liverpool are looking to take a lead back to Italy for next week's second leg as they battle for a final berth against either Real Madrid or Bayern Munich.
In an all-Premier League tie in the last round, Liverpool won the first leg 3-0 before running out 2-1 winners at the Etihad to dump English champions-elect City out of the tournament.
Liverpool are bidding for a sixth European crown and their first since dramatically beating AC Milan in Istanbul 13 years ago.
A Merseyside police spokesperson said: “Merseyside Police has received a video clip taken during a disturbance in the city centre this evening (Tuesday, 24 April 2018) prior to the Liverpool V Roma semi-final.
"The footage, along with other evidence, will be reviewed to ascertain the circumstances leading up to this incident.”
by
By LILY BAZIS
Staff Writer
OPINION – For many of us, the holidays are a time of giving and spending quality time with family.
For some, the holiday season is all about how much stuff they can possibly fit under the Christmas tree.
Unfortunately, consumerism in the United States and all around the world tends to take over during the holidays.
In recent years, companies and retailers bombard people with emails and promotions in order to get more sales. But even more recently, not just typical retail stores are attempting to sell products to the masses.
According to The Odyssey, “even random coffee houses, gyms, musicians, essentially anyone that can sell anything,” are getting in on the chance to promote their products. This allows them to take advantage of the time of year in which people tend to recklessly shop.
With millennials using technology on a day-to-day basis, it is becoming much easier for companies to reach a specific demographic that will be the most interested in buying its products.
With increasing consumerism going on throughout the world during major holidays like Christmas and Hanukkah, people are forgetting the reason why they are celebrating in the first place.
The holidays should not be about who buys the most expensive presents, or whose house has the brightest lights and best Christmas decorations. The holidays are about love and giving, and spending time with friends and family.
Exchanging gifts should not be frowned upon, but also should not be the focus of the season. People need to be weary of their actions, and be careful not to turn the holidays into an excuse to be materialistic.
Black Friday especially escalates the average American's need to spend and find the best deal.
It is a totally made up holiday, and depicts just how greedy people can be when it comes to material items. Some people will stop at nothing just to snatch up a PlayStation on sale.
Huffington Post sums up the reasoning for the holiday pretty well, saying “it targets our perspective and reinforces a sense of material wealth. We want things and that somehow turns into we need things, and getting these things (and on sale, no less!) will bring us great happiness.”
This need to spend, especially around the holidays, is capable of bringing out the worst in people. Actual physical fights break out in stores like Target and Walmart, places that tend to have the best deals.
This time of year is the season of giving, with the holidays representing love, community and selflessness.
But why does it cost so much to celebrate? Why does it take material items and presents to bring happiness to so many? Christmas has been completely changed because of consumer culture and the need to fit the new norm of Christmas.
Even music and movies aide in holiday consumerism. Before Thanksgiving, artists start releasing Christmas albums. Many movies with holiday themes are released. Everything is centered on building up the anticipation of the holiday season.
According to ABC News, the average American will spend about $700 on gifts this holiday season. This is absurd considering how many people are currently living in the United States, and what that money could be used for instead.
It is obvious that our Christmas of consumerism is not going anywhere anytime soon. With technology continuing to advance, consumerism will only increase in the coming years.
Companies will find new and more intelligent ways to broadcast advertisements to the public, always tempting people to buy more.
Hopefully soon, people will begin to realize what the holidays really mean to them, and ditch the notion that the holidays equal gifts.
Presents and money will never equal happiness. While these things can provide temporary excitement, at the end of the day it is close friends and family that should really mean the most.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
HASSAN SHAM CAMP, Iraq (AP) — The United Nations says it's temporarily pausing aid operations to neighborhoods in the eastern half of the Iraqi city of Mosul as attacks by the Islamic State group continue to inflict heavy civilian casualties there.
Lise Grande, the U.N. Humanitarian Coordinator for Iraq, says “the United Nations agencies made the decision that until security improves, it will be difficult for us to provide assistance.”
She spoke during a visit to a camp for Iraqis displaced from Mosul on Wednesday.
While Mosul's eastern half was declared “fully liberated” last month, some neighborhoods continue to be hit by attacks claimed by IS.
Advertisement
The pause in aide comes as Iraqi forces are moving into positions ahead of an anticipated assault on Mosul's western half that is still firmly under IS control.
New Delhi: A recently released calendar by Hindu Mahasabha does not just have photos of iconic monuments from across India but also goes several steps forward in renaming them. So while Qutub Minar is apparently Vishnu Stambh, Taj Mahal has been named Tejo Mahalay Shiv Mandir and Kashi's Gyanvyapi mosque is 'Vishwanath temple'.
The calendar, released by the Aligarh unit of Hindu Mahasabha, has sparked outrage as it changed names of a number of Indian monuments. Apart from world-famous Qutub and Taj, Madhya Pradesh's Kamal Maula Mosque is called Bhojshala and Jaunpur's Atala mosque has become 'Atla Devi temple'. Babri Masjid, demolished in 1992, is called Ram Janmabhoomi.
The calendar then brazenly goes on to rename Mecca - the holiest Muslim site - as Makkeshwar Mahadev ka Mandir.
While this is not the first time that Hindu Mahasabha has attempted to put out its own understanding of India's cultural heritage, that it has renamed a long list of monuments in the calendar has irked many.
CLOSE Chris Petrone, Marine Education Specialist with the University of Delaware and Sea Grant Delaware, measures the sand temperature and explains the high temps. Jason N Minto, The News Journal
Buy Photo Mackenzie Steinberg (20), left, and Caleb Steinberg (14) of Wilmington run towards the water at Broadkill Beach. (Photo: Jason Minto, The News Journal)Buy Photo
If you're among Delaware's beach-goers who burned their feet scrambling across the sand this week, you can blame the pain on the last Ice Age.
Well, at least the latter portion of it, said Arthur Trembanis, a coastal geologist at the University of Delaware College of Earth, Ocean & Environment.
Unlike the cool, white beaches of the Caribbean where the sand is mainly made up of broken down fragments of shell, coral and other similar materials, Delmarva's coastline is quartz-rich. That means Delaware beaches feature heavier minerals from erosion and runoff from mountains and “the fragmentary remains of the once much mightier Appalachians” pushed to shore after the last ice age nearly 20,000 years ago, he said.
In the simplest terms: The material that makes up Delaware's beaches can absorb enough heat to easily burn feet.
4TH OF JULY READS
Boom! Plenty of fireworks to see for the 4th of July
Wilmington neighbors rescue elderly couple suffering in heat wave without electricity, AC
4th of July: Airborne fireworks aren't legal in Delaware — so what is?
Buy Photo Chris Petrone, Marine Education Specialist with the University of Delaware and Sea Grant Delaware, measures the sand temperature at a beach in north Lewes. (Photo: Jason Minto, The News Journal)
Because of that, visitors and locals may have noticed a stark contrast to a leisurely trip to the beach: children in tears as they scampered over the scalding hot sand and dads donning socks near the dunes. Trembanis said it is likely that the recent heat wave – day after day of pounding, 90-plus-degree heat – have not given the particles enough time to cool off by releasing the heat absorbed during the day.
“There's a big build-up that can cause heat retention to go over a long time, even after the sun goes down,” he said.
While it is nearly impossible to measure exactly how hot the sand is in Lewes, Rehoboth Beach or Dewey Beach – there are so many varying factors such as the color and composition of the sand itself – one reading showed the grains at Broadkill Beach reached 130 degrees on Tuesday afternoon while another showed about 107 degrees at Lewes Beach.
These images taken with a thermal imaging camera at Lewes beach Tuesday afternoon show a unique story about how the sand's temperature can vary in even a small area. (Photo: Christopher Petrone)
State Climatologist Daniel Leathers said his office does not regularly measure sand temperature, and estimating how hot it can get is tricky because of variables such as moisture content and solar radiation. But on Tuesday as the air temperature reached 95 degrees in some parts of the state, soil temperatures across the state – measured about 2 inches below the surface – ranged from the upper 70s to upper 80s, he said.
Keeping shoes on or staying home is one way to avoid toasted toes, but Trembanis had some helpful tips as well. Avoid darker areas of the sand where heavier minerals may be absorbing more heat, try to walk in the surf's edge where the sand is still wet and shoot for stepping on whiter areas of the beach where shells may keep the surface cooler.
And always remember, it could be worse.
“If you think this is bad,” Trembanis said, “if you lived near a volcano, you'd really have a hot foot.”
Buy Photo Visitors leaving the beach at Broadkill. (Photo: Jason Minto, The News Journal)
Fun sand facts with Art Trembanis
People who collect sand, like Art Trembanis, are known as arenophiles. “Think of the arena in Ancient Rome,” he said. “Sand was placed down because it provided a nice platform [for the fights] and absorbed copious amounts of blood that were shed.”
Sand is not one particular thing; rather, the term refers to the size of particles. Specifically, it refers to a measurement that can be between 64 microns to 2 millimeters.
Sand-sized beaches are split into two major categories: Siliciclastic and carbonate. Siliciclastic beaches, like those found in the Mid-Atlantic, are quartz-rich and contain other minerals and tiny rocks. Carbonate beaches, like those in the Caribbean, are composed of fragments of things like coral, shell and plankton.
Sand from the Great Dune in Cape Henlopen was once used by steam locomotive companies as far away as the Midwest to provide traction on the tracks.
Dark sand found on Delaware's beaches, often seen after storms, is a combination of dense minerals that appear black, purple or reddish and can include garnet and magnetite – which can be caught with a magnet. It is also possible to find tiny, tiny diamonds on the beach.
In some parts of the world, the sand is known to make noise, such as a singing sound, squeaks like on a basketball court, creaks and booms.
Contact reporter Maddy Lauria at (302) 345-0608, mlauria@delawareonline.com or on Twitter @MaddyinMilford.
DELAWARE BEACH STORIES
Few beach homes for sale in Delaware beaches drive up prices
Tips to get the most out of your Delaware beach stay
Stinging, tropical Portuguese men-of-war spotted on southern Delaware beaches
Below the Canal A Facebook group for thoughtful, respectful discussions on issues important to those of us living below the C&D Canal. All topics welcome.
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/local/2018/07/04/sandtastic-delawares-mineral-rich-beaches-absorb-heat-burn-your-feet/756716002/
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Noel Gallagher was invited to the Sky Sports studio to watch Manchester United take on his beloved Manchester City on Sunday - something everyone was looking forward to apart from Gary Neville.
Unlike Liverpool legend Graeme Souness, who had little invested interest in the game, Neville was desperate for his former side to win.
But unfortunately for the ex-Red Devils right-back, seeing United come out on top was always going to be a tall order given the brilliance of Man City.
While Sky Sports ensured all the action down on the pitch was being captured, what with Spidercam whizzing about above the heads of the stars below, its cameramen also managed to capture the excitement inside the studio.
(Image: Skysports/Instagram)
David Silva broke the deadlock for the away side after he fired past David De Gea from close range, and the away end at Old Trafford erupted.
Meanwhile, upstairs in the studio, Gallagher jumped to his feet and held his hands out in the air as if he was back on stage at Knebworth.
(Image: Instagram/Skysports)
Neville, on the other hand, refused to turn around and face the camera, but could be seen shaking his head in frustration.
Moments before half-time Marcus Rashford levelled for the Red Devils, and it was Neville's turn to gloat.
(Image: Instagram/Skysports)
The former England international turned around in his chair and clapped the effort while Gallagher looked on in disappointment.
After the break Nicolas Otamendi won the match for the Citizens, prompting Gallagher to leap off his seat once more. Neville could be seen eating sweets as a distraction.
Eventually Michael Oliver called time on the match, prompting Gallagher to punch the air in delight for one last time.
And Neville? Well, he was left sipping his coffee with a furious look on his face. Who would be a football fan, eh?
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool put one foot into the Champions League final with a thumping 5-2 win over Roma at Anfield, led by the irrepressible brilliance of Mo Salah.
The Egyptian put his former side to the sword with a stunning performance, leading the Giallorossi on a merry dance as he scored two and made two more, with Roberto Firmino (2) and Sadio Mane also getting on the scoresheet.
But the Reds allowed their visitors a sniff of a comeback ahead of their meeting in the Stadio Olimpico next Wednesday, with late goals from Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti - the Argentine scoring from the penalty spot - keeping the door to Kiev ajar.
(Image: REUTERS)
Roma started brightly, operating with the same 3-4-2-1 formation which had seen off Barcelona on a manic night three weeks ago, looking to slow the tempo and dictate with the ball.
The Reds were forced into an early change as Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain departed on a stretcher with a serious-looking knee injury, suffered in the act of tackling Aleksandr Kolarov; Gini Wijnaldum came on into midfield, but the England international, who has thrived playing a dual role in midfield, may well have had his season ended.
Kolarov's next act was to fire a 30-yard thunderbolt, with little backlift, which left Loris Karius looking uncomfortable and somewhat fortunate to flick the strike onto the crossbar, when he'd seemingly been attempting to palm towards the corner flag.
At the other end the much-touted Brazilian No.1 Alisson's handling was exemplary during the opening stages, but come the half hour mark, Mane should have had the hosts in front.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
First the Senegalese raced clear, but when faced with the whites of the keeper's eyes he fired well over.
And within 49 seconds, after Salah had escaped Juan Jesus' attentions, Mane had another opportunity 12 yards out, but fired high, wide and not at all handsome.
Salah was next to chance his arm as Liverpool began to take control, his curved effort being turned behind. Unfortunately for the visitors, that was just the sighter.
Because next time the Kop idol cut into the penalty area and opened up his body, there was no mistake; Kostas Manolas allowed Salah to step onto his left foot too easily, the Greek didn't get tight enough, and Salah's arcing effort left Alisson with no chance, glancing the underside of the crossbar as he scored for the fifth successive Champions League game, his 42nd of the campaign.
(Image: 2018 Getty Images)
Dejan Lovren hit the crossbar with a header from eight yards and Alisson denied James Milner as his defence continued to evaporate before his eyes.
The 25-year-old was keeping Eusebio Di Francesco's men in the game, but could do nothing as Salah struck on the stroke of half-time to put Klopp's side in command.
Roma gave up possession on the edge of the Reds penalty area, and the ball was quickly fired into Firmino. His hold up play was typically intelligent, holding off a challenge, turning and driving at the visitors' defence, before feeding his pass into the path of Salah's perfectly-timed run.
With Juan Jesus unable to keep pace with the jet-heeled striker, Salah waited for the onrushing Alisson to drop, before sumptuously dinking a delicious finish into the back of the net.
(Image: REUTERS)
Roma's defensive line was proving disastrous, too high even when they weren't getting close enough to pressure their hosts, and 10 minutes into the second period they were punished once more.
There appeared little danger when Trent Alexander-Arnold looked up in Liverpool's right back position, but he shaped a pass down the right side, onto which Salah raced unopposed; he eased into the box, assessed his options, and slid to Mane, who finally found the back of the net.
Minutes later, Firmino ensured all of Liverpool's fabulous attacking threesome had found the net, and it came down a familiar route; Alexander-Arnold ball down the line, Salah's advance and drive past Jesus, low cross, and the Brazilian turned into the gaping goal.
Firmino didn't have long to wait for his second, rising unmarked to nod a Milner corner into the net to put Klopp's side 5-0 up.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
But after the German has subbed off Salah, Liverpool dropped a gear - and allowed Roma a sniff of a chance ahead of next week's second leg.
Lovren lost track of Edin Dzeko as a cross came into the box with nine minutes remaining, and the Bosnian made no mistake, controlling expertly before beating Karius at his near post.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
And when Milner was harshly adjudged to have handled a goalbound shot by German official Felix Brych, Perotti coolly converted from 12 yards to give the Italians a modicum of hope.
Here are five talking points from Anfield...
1. Mo Salah, no problems
(Image: PA)
At what point do we run out of superlatives for the PFA Player of the Year? Because that point is surely fast approaching with the quicksilver star.
Roma had smothered Lionel Messi in their win over Barcelona, converging on the Argentine with a defensive quintet and the diligent Daniele de Rossi marshalling in front.
But they simply had no answer for their former teammate. Di Francesco's side didn't help themselves, pushing too close to the halfway line and allowing space for Salah to run into.
But you still have to finish. And right now, no-one is finishing as well as the Reds' No.11. Anywhere. He's assisting too.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
He's fast closing on Ian Rush's Liverpool record for goals in a season (47 in 1983-84) and is one away from levelling Ruud van Nistelrooy's record for most goals scored by a Premier League player in all competitions (44).
Gradually the side has developed around Salah as the season has progressed, pushing him closer to goal and with less responsibility defensively. It may just be on the verge of firing them to European glory.
"It seemed like a lot of euros at the time!" Reds' owner John W Henry recently quipped over the €42million Liverpool paid Roma to land Salah last summer. It has long since looked a bargain.
2. Pity poor Alisson in defeat
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
He keeps Man City's outstanding stopper Ederson out of the Brazil team and has been hailed as the 'Lionel Messi of goalkeepers'.
And as those in front of him parted like the red sea, it was fortunate for the visitors that Alisson looked every inch as good as he is cracked up to be.
The Brazilian could do little about Salah's first half double, nor any of the others, and at times it seemed as though he was all that was standing between the home side and a guaranteed trip to Kiev.
Throughout his handling was excellent (bar one second half hiccup) his decision-making sound and his footwork composed, even in the face of unrelenting pressure.
Unfortunately, he could do nothing about wave after wave of Liverpool attack. After Firmino made it four, Alisson sat, a moment in despair. You could hardly blame him.
3. Fantastic Firmino
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Salah is taking all the headlines, and rightfully so.
But Firmino continues to mature and grow into one of the very best centre-forwards anywhere.
The Brazilian's perpetual motion, intelligence and ability to both score and make goals has made him the perfect focal point to this Reds side. Salah is thriving from playing with him and vice versa.
He's now got 27 goals this season and 15 assists. That's quite the haul for a side's so-called 'second' goalscorer.
4. Di Francesco found wanting
(Image: AFP)
Eusebio Di Francesco did a fine job at Sassuolo over two spells, guiding them from Serie B into Serie A - being fired in 2014, then re-hired five weeks later when results didn't improve - and then into the Europa League in his final campaign.
So you can't begrudge him getting his shot as manager of the club whom he represented over 100 times during his playing career, and with whom he won a Scudetto.
But he was found tactically wanting on a horror night at Anfield.
It isn't the first time this season. Inter Milan in August, Milan in February and Fiorentina earlier this month is all occasions when Di Francesco has been out-coached, but this wasn't even that; Di Francesco set out with one plan, then simply didn't have the wherewithal to change it.
(Image: REUTERS)
Pushing up and defending with a high line is only good if you can pressure in the opposition half. For that you need players who can get in the faces of opponents and get about the pitch - De Rossi, at 34, isn't your man, nor are Kevin Strootman (after two serious knee injuries) and Kolarov (ditched by Manchester City for that very reason) - and a defensive line blessed with recovery pace; this one isn't.
He spent much of the second period arguing with members of his side, and is fortunate that they return home with only a three-goal deficit to claw back.
That he spoke to Italian TV immediately after the game and suggested the issue wasn't his tactics but rather his side losing their individual battles however would hint at similar problems in eight days time.
5. A semi-final record awaits?
(Image: REUTERS)
Roma have to come out and attack in the second leg. That's only going to leave gaps (more gaps) for them to exploit in Rome next week.
Eintracht Frankfurt hold the record for the biggest win in a semi-final in the European Cup, having seen off Rangers 12-4 in 1959-60.
While that may not be attainable, Bavaria's Champions League record - the 7-0 aggregate thumping of Barcelona in 2012-13 - certainly is.
If Roma defend like tonight, then there's every chance. Likewise, if Liverpool aren't completely 'at it' - like in the last 15 minutes.
Either way, expect another goal glut.
George Michael and his partner Fadi Fawaz spotted in 2012
Video will play in
First footage of Drake and JLO together
X-Factor contestant turned pornstar shows off her
How Khloe Kardashian went from fat to fit
Blac Chyna's last snapchats before Rob's medical
Azealia Banks shows us the cupboard where she kil
Mariah Carey is labelled an embarrassment for her
George Michael apologises to fans for delay in to
Watch this video again
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
George Michael 's boyfriend has deleted his social media accounts after a hacker posted a series of shocking messages.
Fadi Fawaz became distraught over a series of tweets posted to his account claiming the legendary singer committed suicide.
Shortly after the messages were shared, the star claimed he had been hacked and denied sending the tweets to his followers.
In an exclusive statement to Mirror Online, he said: "I am shocked with what's going on with the Twitter thing. My Twitter account has been hacked and closed.
(Photo: Twitter/@Fadifawaz)
"It's a bit scary to be honest. I did not send those tweets. I woke up at 11.30am to the news. I am not going to worry about these things."
A series of tweets appearing on Fadi's account this morning claimed the singer killed himself after a number of attempts at his life.
(Photo: Twitter/@fadifawaz)
The tweets said: "Not sure who that nasty close friend of George (sic) but i was in a relationship with George Michael till i found him dead in bed.
"The only thing George wanted is to die. He tried numbers of times to kill himself many times and finally he managed.
(Photo: Splash News)
"We loved each other very much and were together almost 24 hours a day."
Fadi used the same account last week to reveal that he found George dead in bed.
On Boxing Day, a tweet on the account read: "Its a Xmas I will never forget finding your partner dead peacefully in bed first thing in the morning..I will never stop missing you."
Lifetime's new reality series “Livin' Large” aired Friday, Sept. 22nd at 8 p.m. CST and I had the immense pleasure of sitting down with the entire cast – all natives of Chicago, to learn about the concept of the show, how this process has impacted their lives and the message they want to deliver to the world. If you have the opportunity to see the six-episode marathon, I believe you'll agree that it's nothing like you've seen on television before.
Based on the name of the show alone, “Livin' Large,” one might imagine someone living a very highfalutin lifestyle behind gated communities, struggling with which high-end charity event to attend or deciding what lavish vacation they'll take – but the show's quite the contrary actually.
“Livin' Large” is about family love, and unconditional love for yourself and others. The show follows your average family going through things like everyone else and experiencing life obstacles while in pursuit of their dreams. There's one caveat to all of this – they are plus-size individuals. In a world designed for thinner people, the family—the Stepneys– face so many obstacles; however, they are not letting their size hold them back. In fact, they are even more determined to make their dreams a reality because they've been stereotyped for so long. The Stepneys lean on one another for support and exemplify a strong family bond.
The family consists of Anicya – the inspiring singer with a larger-than-life personality; Adam – Anicya's twin and music producer; Anthony – a pastor and the oldest of all the siblings; Crystal – Anthony's wife, who you'll come to see is not your typical First Lady; Danisha – Adam's girlfriend who's struggling with gaining the family's acceptance; and of course, there's the matriarch of the family, Cherrie Stepney, who keeps everyone and everything in balance.
Anicya makes it very clear that “Livin' Large” is not another weight loss show. “We are not pushing the plate away! I love chicken way too much so you'll see all of us eating,”says Anicya. “You'll see us doing what everyone else does – dating, preaching at church, producing music, performing on stage and even ziplining.”
On the show, you see the Stepney family living their lives with little to no concern about what the world thinks of them or their size. “We have dreams we're trying to accomplish,” says Adam. “My mom always encouraged us to be ourselves and to be leaders. I can't let the world dictate how successful I'll become.”
The Stepney family hopes their new show aids in transforming the way the world sees plus-size people. “They see us as disgusting and call us obese, which is a terrible word to call anyone,” says Crystal. “We hope the world sees how happy we are in our skin and how much we're just like them.”
“Livin' Large” is a really positive show and it is all about “acceptance.” Everyone wants to feel loved and accepted, and the Stepney's are no different. After the first episode, you'll immediately notice how loving this family is and they'll have you hooked. They are confident, hilarious, intelligent and happy – ingredients for a joyful life.
Life is too short to focus on weight loss when you have so much to accomplish. Living life in the fast lane, even when the fast lane can't quite fully support them, is what the Stepneys are all about. Despite their size, they have adopted this motto. “We are living our lives and having fun while doing it,” says Anthony. Of course, with extra weight comes health concerns, but each member of the Stepney family says they have a clean bill of health.
“The world has so many thin people living a very unhealthy life yet they aren't stigmatized like we are,” says Adam. “I have friends who I can outrun and they're a fraction of my size, but I'm seen unfavorably by the public because of my size. Don't assume I'm unhealthy because I weigh more, that's not always the case.”
The producers of “Livin' Large” are clearly targeting “outsiders,” anyone who doesn't feel as if they belong. Whatever that belonging is, producers wanted outsiders to feel comfortable in their skin, embrace who they are and learn to accept others for who they are. “We hope our show opens up discussions amongst family members about acceptance and self-love,” says Cherrie. “I taught my children to love GOD, each other and their fellow man. I always encouraged them to look beyond the exterior and see what lies inside a human being. The world is full of people who judge you based on what you wear or how large your house is, I wanted them to love people for who they are.”
Growing up we've all heard the old adage “beauty is in the eye of the beholder.” I believe in their own way, “Livin' Large” has reminded us of that. In a scene, a thin producer asks Anicya if a woman of her size can be seen as beautiful and with no hesitation, Anicya's response was not only hilarious but very befitting – “can a woman of your size see herself as beautiful?” This is definitely a confident family.
“You can't just tell me I'm supposed to see myself a certain way and I believe it,” says Danisha. “I view myself as a very attractive woman and so does my husband (Adam). I hope the world can see through our show that it's important to be yourself regardless of your shape or size. And I love that Lifetime decided to do a show like ours because you don't see people who look like us on television often.”
Since more and more people are becoming obsessed with Nürburgring lap times, it doesn't come as a surprise German tuner Alpha-N Performance is also entering the Green Hell time attack challenge. The aftermarket specialist headquartered close to the demanding track started off with a standard M4 Coupe and came up with “bespoke software” for the biturbo 3.0-liter straight-six engine. The end result? 560 horsepower, which is not a only way more than the 444-hp M4 Competition Package, but it's also 60 extra ponies when compared to the sold-out M4 GTS.
To make sure the seven-speed, dual-clutch transmission would cope with the additional M power, Alpha-N Performance borrowed the gearbox software from the GTS. In addition, the hardcore M4 also lent its differential and the settings for the stability control system. The tuner didn't stop there as it replaced the standard suspension with an adjustable Öhlins' coilover setup and fitted a set of lightweight 20-inch OZ Racing alloys.
In order to shave off some of the weight, there's now a custom carbon fiber hood with built-in air outlets while the bespoke front bumper boosts downforce and channels more air to the brakes to cool them down. At the back, a carbon fiber rear wing was added for the same purpose: reduce weight, increase downforce. As a final touch, the interior has gained a pair of lightweight Recaro bucket seats.
With all the upgrades in place, the heavily modified M4 by Alpha-N Performance lapped the 73-corner Nürburgring in 7 minutes in 20 seconds (bridge to gantry). For the sake of comparison, BMW says the M4 GTS was clocked in at 7:28.
You'll have to give the tuner a call to find out the price for all these bits and bobs, but we have a feeling the tricked-out M4 is still considerably cheaper than a used GTS.
Source: Alpha-N Performance
Tune in Dec. 14 to https://t.co/4ppqT2pUXN to hear about our planet-hunting @NASAKepler mission's latest discovery, which was made by researchers using machine learning from @Google. Have questions? #askNASA Details: https://t.co/cJl5VqAgqR pic.twitter.com/DfDjKuoL6M — NASA Kepler and K2 (@NASAKepler) December 8, 2017
Two years after it stirred up speculation about the possibility of alien life, the Kepler Space Telescope will be at the center of a NASA announcement on Thursday.NASA does not mention aliens explicitly in its description of the telescope's mission, but it does state that Kepler is on the hunt for planets like Earth "The challenge now is to find terrestrial planets (i.e., those one half to twice the size of the Earth), especially those in the habitable zone of their stars where liquid water might exist on the surface of the planet," NASA wrote.In 2015, some Twitter users believed that Kepler had done more than that, trying to use aliens to explain its findings. Citizen scientists using the Planet Hunters program were studying dips in light of stars discovered by Kepler when they noticed peculiar dips from a star named KIC 8462852. Most dips in light could be explained by planets passing in front of the star, but these could not.At the time, an associate professor of astronomy at Penn State University, Jason Wright, speculated that Kepler would have the ability to detect alien life, should it exist."The idea is that if advanced alien civilizations build planet-sized megastructures - solar panels, ring worlds, telescopes, beacons, whatever - Kepler might be able to distinguish them from planets," Wright wrote in a blog post The "internet went aflutter" using his theory in relationship to the strange discovery, Wright said, but he cautioned, "you should reserve the alien hypothesis as a last resort."Later that year, NASA said the "unexplained and bizarre behavior" was likely a swarm of comets passing in front of the star.As for this week's announcement, NASA mentioned that machine-learning from Google was used to make the discovery. Once again, though, aliens were not mentioned, so extraterrestrial enthusiasts will just have to wait and see.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
World Cup winner Lukas Podolski is set to become the latest star to earn a big money move to Asia - but NOT the Chinese Super League .
Germany star Podolski will join Japanese side Vissel Kobe in the summer, according to beIN SPORTS .
The 31-year-old has only made nine starts for Galatasaray this season - with the Turkish Super Lig club languishing in third behind Besiktas and Istanbul Basaksehir.
(Photo: Getty Images)
The striker, who has grabbed three league goals his campaign, will cost Vissel £2m.
Podolski won the World Cup in 2014, the Bundesliga with Bayern Munich, the FA Cup in 2014 with the Gunners and boasts 129 international caps.
Vissel have never finished higher than seventh in the J League since reaching the top flight in 1997.
(Photo: Getty Images)
Mats Hummels has given Arsenal hope of upsetting Bayern Munich
Vissel are not strangers to big name signings after netting Michael Laudrup from Real Madrid in 1996.
The Denmark legend scored six times in 15 apperances.
Vissel's Kobe City Misaki Park Stadium has a capacity of 30,132 and hosted three World Cup games in 2002 and will hold Rugby World Cup matches in two years time.
They say opposites attract. But these days, maybe not so much.
A growing number of singles are adding a clause to their online dating profiles telling either Trump haters or Trump supporters — depending on their political preference — that they need not apply.
"This was like a dealbreaker for me," says 50-year-old Elizabeth Jagosz from the Detroit area. "If you are Trump supporter, I'm not even going to consider meeting you for coffee."
It's not just an issue of party politics, Jagosz says. It's about core values. Love, she says, cannot conquer all.
"If you don't care about a person who says you can grab women by the pussy and that's OK — I don't wanna date you if you think that behavior's OK," Jagosz says. "If that's not a dealbreaker for you, then you and I have nothing to talk about."
As another single put it in her profile, "Red hats need not apply."
But the people wearing those red hats — the ones stamped with "Make America Great Again" — have been feeling the same way.
This lack of desire from liberals and conservatives to date each other is what David Goss says prompted him to launch TrumpSingles.com.
"Yeah, it's both ways," Goss says. "You know, like a liberal doesn't want to date a Nazi. And a republican doesn't want to date, well, a whiny snowflake, and that's what they're viewing each other as."
TrumpSingles.com is a kind of safe space for Trump supporters who say they're sick of the "lefties" refusing to even give them a chance.
"[The liberals] are just repeating this left echo chamber of 'Oh, you must be a racist; oh, you must be a homophobe; oh, you must be a misogynist,' " Goss says. "They're judging the people based on who they voted for without actually getting to know them."
Helen Fisher, the chief scientific adviser to the Internet dating website Match.com, says new research from the website shows both liberals and conservatives are moving away from the center of the political spectrum.
"There's a real distinct difference that we're seeing today, and all singles are becoming more rigid in their views," she says.
The data also shows that singles are more likely now to shun those who are at the other end of the political spectrum. And liberals are more likely to spurn conservatives than the other way around.
"I think it's very natural to the human animal to bring it into the idea of 'OK, you like this person, well, you must be like that person then,' " Fisher says. "America is taking this very, very personally. No question about it."
Looking back now, it seems almost unfathomable that even two opposing campaign advisers could cross the aisle and then actually walk down the aisle as James Carville and Mary Matalin did in 1993.
As Carville famously put it once, "You can love the sinner and hate the sin."
The couple says their secret to survival and harmony at home is simply agreeing to disagree.
But today, singles seem to be saying they just can't do that.
"I mean, I wish I could just go out and tell everyone to knock it off and be cool with each other, but it's just not going to work that way," Goss says.
His Trump Singles dating site is up to 35,000 members. LiberalHearts.com, founded by Salvatore Prano, is up to nearly 50,000.
"There's more activity now than ever," Prano says. "I knew liberals would only find comfort in each other's arms."
But there is one other option for lonely liberals. Single Joe Goldman founded MapleMatch.com, a dating site that helps Americans find Canadians "to save them from the unfathomable horror of a Trump presidency." Goldman became his own first client.
"I can't tell you the sinking feeling I felt [after the election]," he says. "That's not the country I want to live in. So why not consider places that might be more in line with my values, like Canada."
It may be better than the alternative. According to the new Match.com survey, a growing number of liberals today are simply choosing to not date at all.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
"Mason got it right" Howard Webb explains why Fer
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pep Guardiola has made the shock declaration that he is already thinking about the end of his coaching career.
The Spaniard is only six months into life at Manchester City, after joining in July following their three-year pursuit of the 45-year-old.
Guardiola left Bayern Munich after three years and three Bundesliga titles in Bavaria, having previously spent four years as head coach of Barcelona - where he experienced unprecedented success, twice winning the Champions League.
He signed a three-year deal with City in the summer and Guardiola is a believer that such a time period is the optimum time to devote yourself to one club, to achieve maximum results.
However, despite having only been a coach for less than a decade, he has surprisingly admitted - particularly given he is only six months into his tenure at the Etihad - that "the process of my goodbye has already started."
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: Reuters)
"What I like is to imagine that the next step can be better - if not, I will not be here," declared Guardiola, speaking in a special interview with NBC, entitled 'Inside the mind of Pep Guardiola'.
"I feel that the the process of my goodbye has already started."
"I will not be a trainer when I am 60 or 65 years old. Manchester City is three years, or maybe longer, but I am still approaching the end of my career as a manager - I am sure of that."
Asked where he'll be found in retirement, Guardiola responds: "If you look for me, I'll be at a golf course."
(Photo: AFP/Getty Images)
Transfer news LIVE: Manchester United, Arsenal and Liverpool latest as January window opens
Guardiola took charge of his first senior job in 2008 at Camp Nou, having previously coached only 12 months in charge of Barcelona's B side.
But much has been made of his change in appearance since his early days with Los Cules, with long-time rival Jose Mourinho famously quipping: “If you enjoy what you're doing, you don't lose your hair; he's got a bald head. Guardiola doesn't enjoy football."
Indeed, after his four years with Barça, Guardiola took a year sabbatical in New York - away from the game, before joining Bayern - believing he needed time away from the game to refresh.
And those around him at previous clubs, who have witnessed his workings on the training ground, have commented on how his complete devotion to coaching can affect him, leaving him unable to switch off away from the sidelines and feeling drained, while Marti Perarnau revealed in his book "Pep Confidential" that he also struggles to eat on matchdays.
(Photo: BBC)
And after beginning 2017 with a win over Burnley, Guardiola was in a somewhat tetchy mood when quizzed on why he left out David Silva and Sergio Aguero from his starting XI, before calling upon the pair to lead City to victory.
"Sure it was a big mistake, you are right," he replied when asked about the duo.
When indicated that he had made the change, he replied: "Yes. I am intelligent."
Mitch Marsh's status as a future Australian captain has been underlined after his appointment to lead the Australia A team in India in September.
The West Australian skipper, who is set to succeed WA coach-in-waiting Adam Voges as Perth Scorchers captain, will use the next three months to recover from ankle surgery as he prepares to take on the greater leadership roles.
Marsh, 26, had bone spurs removed from the front and back of his left ankle as well as having seven pieces of floating bone removed from the joint. He had identical surgery seven years ago and was told at the time that he would probably require another operation this year.
Marsh expects to start running within two weeks and hopes to be able to bowl in the two four-day matches in India in early September.
The 12-month suspensions of former Australian captain Steve Smith and his deputy David Warner have seen Tim Paine parachuted into the leadership roles, with the Tasmanian set to captain the Test and one-day teams this summer.
But Marsh could be fast-tracked into the Test captaincy by the Ashes series next year when he would become just the third West Australian after Kim Hughes and Adam Gilchrist to lead the national team.
“We are looking for leaders for future Australian teams,” selection chairman Trevor Hohns said.
Marsh could be Paine's deputy later this year as Cricket Aust-ralia searches for its next generation of leaders. “It is there, but it is not something I am focused on solely and with where we are as the Australian cricket team, I want to become the best cricketer and best person I can be,” Marsh said.
“If that means in time I become the Australian vice-captain then so be it, but I am just worried about getting my ankle right and getting back to playing some good cricket. But I must be doing something right and I am looking forward to the opportunity (for Australia A).
“I have grown into the role (as WA captain) but right now I feel my leadership has grown over the past 12 months and I am looking forward to getting my teeth stuck in during the next few months.”
Marsh won the domestic one-day cup in his first outing as WA captain last season and revealed an attacking flair in six Sheffield Shields matches in charge. Marsh endorsed Voges as WA's next coach and said he would be an ideal successor to Justin Langer, who replaced Darren Lehmann as national coach.
Voges is understood to be the only candidate and the WACA board is expected to ratify his appointment as early as today.
“He is a great human being and has a wealth of knowledge about the game of cricket,” Marsh said. “He is so well respected in West Australian and Australian cricket and it would be a great starting point if he was appointed coach of WA.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
​An Israeli security guard has been stabbed in the chest by a Palestinian in more bloodshed days after Donald Trump recognised Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Local authorities are calling the incident, which left the victim in a critical condition, a terror attack and have arrested a 24-year-old from the West Bank.
Footage shows a man slash the security guard, with a knife before running off, where he was tackled by a bystander, according to authorities.
The official, who was stood near the entrance to the city's central bus station was rushed to a nearby hospital for treatement.
According to Haaretz , the suspect has since been named as Yassin Abu Alkra'a, while the victim is understood to be 46-year-old Asher Elmaliach.
(Image: @AAhronheim/Twitter)
(Image: @AAhronheim/Twitter)
(Image: @AAhronheim/Twitter)
The incident is the latest in a string of violent incidents in the region since Donald Trump declared Jerusalem was the capital of Israel last week.
Four Palestinians were killed on Friday and 98 wounded in clashes around the West Bank and Gaza strip.
The US hit out at Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas for refusing to meet Mike Pence, the US vice president, when he visits the region thgis month.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Jarrod Agen, his deputy chief of staff, said in a statement: “It's unfortunate that the Palestinian Authority is walking away again from an opportunity to discuss the future of the region."
Instead, Abbas will meet Egyptian leader Abdel Fattah al-Sisi today in Cairo to "discuss developments" following Trump's announcement last week.
Protests have been held across the Middle East - including Lebanon, Egypt and Morocco, and further afield.
The Maryland State Police Homicide Unit is actively continuing an investigation into a body found in a wooded area on the border of Anne Arundel and Prince George's County yesterday.
The victim has not yet been identified. The body of the victim has been transported to the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner in Baltimore for an autopsy to determine the cause and manner of death.
Yesterday afternoon police from the Maryland Natural Resources Police responded to an area near the town of Queen Anne for the report of a deceased body lying in a wooded area near the Patuxent River. The area is located on the border of Anne Arundel County and Prince George's County.
At 2:00 p.m., police received a 9-1-1 call from an individual walking in the wooded area when he noticed the body of the deceased, lying unresponsive. Maryland State Police Homicide Unit was contacted to assume the investigation.
Investigators and crime scene technicians have been processing the scene for evidence. After an examination of the victim's body by a forensic examiner at the scene, it is unclear the cause and manner of the death. Nothing has been ruled out at this time and all possibilities are being considered.
Anyone with relevant information to this case is asked to contact Maryland State Police at the Glen Burnie Barrack at 410-761-5130. Callers may remain confidential.
The investigation is active and ongoing.
Related
Category: Crime News, Local News, NEWS, Post To FB
This combination of photos shows Lin-Manuel Miranda, left, at the Oscars in Los Angeles on March 4, 2018 and Ben Platt at the Grammy Awards in New York on Jan. 28, 2018. "Hamilton" creator Miranda and Platt, the original star of "Dear Evan Hansen," recorded a duet called "Found/Tonight,' mixing lyrics from "You Will Be Found" from "Dear Evan Hansen" and "The Story of Tonight" from "Hamilton." The song was released at midnight on Monday, March 19, 2018. (AP Photos/File)
This combination of photos shows Lin-Manuel Miranda, left, at the Oscars in Los Angeles on March 4, 2018 and Ben Platt at the Grammy Awards in New York on Jan. 28, 2018. "Hamilton" creator Miranda and Platt, the original star of "Dear Evan Hansen," recorded a duet called "Found/Tonight,' mixing lyrics from "You Will Be Found" from "Dear Evan Hansen" and "The Story of Tonight" from "Hamilton." The song was released at midnight on Monday, March 19, 2018. (AP Photos/File)
NEW YORK (AP) - Broadway fans are buzzing over the release of a new song by two popular Tony winners in support of the upcoming March for Our Lives.
"Hamilton" creator Lin-Manuel Miranda and Ben Platt, the original star of "Dear Evan Hansen," have recorded a duet called "Found/Tonight,' mixing lyrics from "You Will Be Found" from "Dear Evan Hansen" and "The Story of Tonight" from "Hamilton."
The song was released at midnight on Monday and is No. 1 on the iTunes singles chart.
The multicity March for Our Lives on March 24 was planned after the Feb. 14 massacre at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida.
Miranda has been releasing "Hamilton"-related content each month in a series called Hamildrop.
___
Online:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2aQykuIaJVI&feature=youtu.be
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal is likely to consider a move for Atletico Madrid stopper Jan Oblak this summer.
The Gunners brought in Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Henrikh Mkhitaryan with Arsene Wenger insisting he was happy with his business.
He did concede he didn't get everything he wanted though with a late move for Jonny Evans falling through.
And the London Evening Standard reports Arsenal will also look to bring in a new goalkeeper this summer.
David Ospina is set to leave the club while Petr Cech has come in for criticism in recent weeks.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Cech had a nightmare at Swansea in midweek and was at fault for Jordan Ayew's goal but there have been doubts for some time.
The former Chelsea stopper will be 36 at the start of next season and Arsenal may look for a long-term replacement.
(Image: Srdjan Stevanovic)
And Oblak is likely to be considered by the Gunners scouting staff.
The Slovenian has also been linked with Manchester United as a possible replacement for David De Gea, if he joins Manchester United.
President Trump used Twitter Saturday to champion the release a day earlier of a controversial, previously-classified document that alleges the Justice Department and the FBI abused their surveillance authority. The memo "totally vindicates" him, the president said. He also called the Russia probe "an American disgrace."
He tweeted: "This memo totally vindicates 'Trump' in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!"
Not long after the president's tweet, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., fired back with a tweet of his own: "Quite the opposite, Mr. President. The most important fact disclosed in this otherwise shoddy memo was that FBI investigation began July 2016 with your advisor, Papadopoulos, who was secretly discussing stolen Clinton emails with the Russians."
After anticipation gripped Washington, D.C., throughout the week — with fissures between the president, the law enforcement community and Congress— Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee made public a three-and-a-half-page document authored by the committee's chairman, Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., after Trump had declassified the memo and approved its Friday release.
The document contends the FBI and the Justice Department used a now infamous, unverified Russia dossier compiled by a former British spy to seek a warrant approved by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Court in order to conduct surveillance of former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser Carter Page.
Since the memo's release, some Republicans have expressed sentiments similar to Trump's and seized on the memo's assertions raising doubts about the impartiality of the top FBI and Justice Department officials investigating Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and possible connections with Russia.
House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte, R-Va., said in a statement Friday that he was "pleased" the American people could view the document "which details abuses of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act."
He also went on to praise the "vast majority" of FBI employees, before adding: "The contents of the memo continue to raise serious questions about decisions made by Justice Department and FBI leadership during the 2016 presidential election and afterwards, and the role senior FBI officials played in these questionable decisions and irregularities."
Fellow Republican Rep. Matt Gaetz of Florida tweeted: "Not only did the Memo lay bare a systemic pattern of abuse within the FBI & DOJ, it confirmed my worst fear: America's free & fair elections were threatened from within. Our own DOJ worked to tip the scales of justice in order to benefit one political candidate. #MemoDay."
Democrats have raised concerns that the memo's release is being used to lay the groundwork for the eventual firing of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein who oversees the Russia probe on behalf of the DOJ or the eventual end of the Justice Department's engagement of special counsel Robert Mueller, a former FBI director, who is leading the investigation.
A letter sent to the president Friday signed by 10 top congressional Democrats including House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., warned that the lawmakers would consider terminations of the top leadership at the Justice Department or the FBI as "an attempt to obstruct justice."
"We write to inform you that we would consider such an unwarranted action as an attempt to obstruct justice in the Russia investigation. Firing Rod Rosenstein, DOJ Leadership or Bob Mueller could result in a constitutional crisis of the kind not seen since the Saturday Night Massacre."
At the White House Friday, before Trump left for a weekend stay at his Mar-a-Lago club in Florida, he was asked if the memo's release made it more likely he'd fire Rosenstein. He responded: "You figure that one out."
In an appearance Saturday on Fox News, deputy White House press secretary Raj Shah was asked if Rosenstein was on the hot seat, but attempted to play down those concerns.
"Rod Rosenstein's job is not on the line. We expect him to continue his job as the deputy attorney general," Shah said.
Many Democrats and even some Republicans have expressed concern about the release of the controversial, once-secret spying memo and the impact it could have on the Justice Department and intelligence community.
Trump, Nunes and others, claim it shows that the FBI and the Department of Justice have been biased in their investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election and possible connections between the Trump presidential campaign and Russia.
But others see the memo's release as a dangerous upheaval of established oversight norms in favor of partisan politics, in an effort to discredit the Mueller investigation.
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain, R-Ariz., had one of the harshest rebukes, saying that the memo's release did nothing but aid Russian President Vladimir Putin by undermining the legitimacy of American institutions.
"The latest attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice serve no American interests — no party's, no president's, only Putin's. The American people deserve to know all of the facts surrounding Russia's ongoing efforts to subvert our democracy, which is why Special Counsel Mueller's investigation must proceed unimpeded," McCain said in a statement Friday. "Our nation's elected officials, including the president, must stop looking at this investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows. If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him."
NPR's Ryan Lucas reported that Nunes and other Republicans claim the memo shows that "anti-Trump Democrats within federal law enforcement used flimsy evidence that was paid for by ideological fellow travelers to scam a judge into authorizing the surveillance of" former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser Carter Page. That surveillance of Page was based on the infamous, unverified Steele dossier, which was funded in part by Democrats including the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign.
However, the memo also asserts that it was contacts between Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos and Russians — and overtures from Russia to the campaign via Papadopoulos — that "triggered" the FBI counterintelligence investigation in Russia's election interference and contacts between Russia and Trump's campaign. Papadopoulos has pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about his contacts with Russians.
Retiring moderate Rep. Charlie Dent, R-Pa., said the memo's release also breached norms about using intelligence for political reasons.
"As I have publicly stated on several occasions, it's a mistake to release this memo," Dent wrote on Twitter Friday afternoon. "No Members of Congress-nor their staff-should risk divulging sensitive sources/methods of Intelligence for partisan gain. This sets a dangerous precedent that may have far reaching implications."
Schiff, the Ranking Member of the House Intelligence Committee, told NPR's Ari Shapiro on Friday's All Things Considered that the decision to release the GOP memo was "not only reckless but misleading."
"The procedure they used to publish this document has never been used before, and for good reason. The Congress shouldn't be cherry-picking intelligence and publishing it for political reasons," Schiff said.
Democrats' rebuttal memo is still classified after the committee voted along party lines not to release it alongside the GOP memo.
"I think the Republicans know it's really unsustainable for them to claim they're doing this in the interest of transparency but refuse to let the country the see response to it," Schiff said of that decision. Schiff also said that Democrats on the committee plan to try to force a vote on releasing their rebuttal on Monday.
Rep. Eric Swalwell, D-Calif., another member on the House Intelligence Committee, said on CNN before Friday's release that, "What this memo does is it seeks to torch every floor of the FBI building to protect the president."
Senate Intelligence Committee Vice Chairman Mark Warner, D-Va., said that the memo's release was "reckless and demonstrates an astonishing disregard for the truth."
"This unprecedented public disclosure of classified material during an ongoing criminal investigation is dangerous to our national security," Warner continued in a statement Friday. "This will make it far more difficult for the Intelligence Committees to conduct meaningful, bipartisan oversight of intelligence activities in the future. This action was also taken without regard to the damage it could do to our ability to protect Americans from threats around the globe."
Former FBI Director James Comey — whose firing last year by Trump contributed to Mueller's appointment to oversee the FBI investigation — tweeted that the memo's release was underwhelming and not worth the damage it did.
Christopher Wray, who was picked by Trump to replace Comey as FBI director and who opposed the release of the memo, reminded bureau employees in an internal video released Friday that "in the end, actions speak louder than words."
Verbal Rhapsody: Season 2, Episode 1
Use of cannabis after its legalization in California
Filed under Multimedia
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
MODESTO, Calif. (AP) - A Northern California city has agreed to pay $2.65 million to the family of a mentally ill Gulf War veteran fatally shot by police in 2014 after his family called 911.
The Sacramento Bee reports Tuesday the agreement between the city of Lodi and the family of Parminder Singh Shergill settles a federal lawsuit the family filed accusing the officers of excessive force.
Shergill was killed after his sister-in-law called 911 and said he was a paranoid schizophrenic who was "going crazy" and was attacking his mother. Shergill's family says he suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder after participating in Operation Desert Storm in the 1990s.
Officers fatally shot Shergill as he walked through his neighborhood after they said he charged at them with a knife. Shergill's family disputes that account.
___
Information from: The Sacramento Bee, http://www.sacbee.com
Two recently exonerated men, wrongfully imprisoned for nearly 20 years, are now facing deportation.Arturo DeLeon-Reyes and Gabriel Solache were convicted of kidnapping and murder in 1998 after now-retired Chicago Police Department detective Reynaldo Guevara said the pair confessed to the stabbing death of a Chicago couple.DeLeon-Reyes and Solache contended that Guevara had beat them into confessing. In December, a judge found that Guevara, now retired, lied when he said that DeLeon-Reyes and Solache had confessed. Prosecutors said they had no choice but to drop the charges after the judge's decision to throw out DeLeon-Reyes and Solache's confessions.Released nearly two decades later, the men now seek "U-visas," which are special visas for victims of crime to keep them from getting deported.But they need law enforcement to sign certification forms acknowledging that they were victims of crime."I want to return to my home country of Mexico, but first I would like to take care of my business here without worrying about immigration," Solache said.The city of Chicago's legal department and the Cook County state's attorney both declined to comment citing litigation.At least four other inmates spent years behind bars before their allegations against Guevara helped set them free.
RAW: Game-winning INT seals the deal for Trinity against Carroll
RAW: Mansfield football's UCLA recruit 'introduces himself' to Arlington receiver
0:16
Farm equipment sends dust into the air on a farmland near West Bellevue Road in Merced, Calif., on Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Andrew Kuhn akuhn@mercedsun-star.com
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
“Shipwreck”, “Disaster”, “Catastrophe”. Some of the adjectives used to describe Barcelona's 4-0 defeat by PSG in the Spanish media on Wednesday morning.
Few in the football world had expected such a brutal outcome for the Catalans' trip to Paris, even if their struggle in La Liga this season implied that things were not plain sailing for Luis Enrique's side.
The result begs various questions, some about the game itself and others wider-reaching, questions which could shape the future of the club and football itself in the years ahead.
Is this the end for Luis Enrique? Will Lionel Messi's future be affected? Has Barcelona's winning cycle come to a close?
Here, Mirror Football looks at the nine key questions that must be asked after Tuesday night's horror show:
1. Did this 4-0 humiliation come totally out of the blue?
Barcelona losing to PSG was not a surprise, but the magnitude of it was and, moreso, inability—or was it apathy?—of the Catalans to create chances of their own.
From the outside, this result might be hugely surprising, especially considering Barcelona won 6-0 against Alaves at the weekend. But even in that game for most of the first half they struggled, and it should be noted that the hosts were playing a heavily rotated team.
This season Barcelona have not been convincing for more than one or two games at a time. They have never had a long stretch of positive results and, with the exception of the 7-0 win over Celtic at Camp Nou, have not hit the form they showed in either of Luis Enrique's first two seasons at the club.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Luis Enrique snaps at reporter after 4-0 defeat to PSG Share this video Watch Next
2. Is this tie over?
Four goals down are a long way to come back from. Such a long way, in fact, that no team has ever recovered from a defeat of that magnitude to progress in the Champions League.
However, if you were going to pick one team who might be able to do that, it would be Barcelona—or at least the Barcelona we have seen in the past. Luis Enrique refused to give up the ghost, saying: “Half the game is still left. I have not lost all hope. We don't need four goals, we need five, but why are we not going to dream that we can do it?”
However Sergio Busquets' reaction is probably more on point. “It's really difficult, I won't lie. But we will try,” he said.
(Photo: AFP)
3. What happened to the MSN?
None of Barcelona's forwards were firing on all cylinders. Or even one cylinder. Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi were particularly poor, with Neymar the only one of the three of offer some resistance to PSG's high press and choke-tight defending.
They all scored at the weekend and both Suarez and Messi have been in fine fettle this season, so for them to go missing on a night like this was hugely inopportune. But it wasn't just down to coincidence.
PSG harried and hounded the Barcelona front three and made no mistakes, with 21-year-old Presnel Kimpembe particularly impressive in the absence of veteran Thiago Silva.
What's more, the MSN had little to no support and back up from the midfield, who weren't supplying them with the ammunition they needed. This area of the pitch might well be the biggest problem.
(Photo: REUTERS)
4. What's going on with Barcelona's midfield?
All season long it seems the balance has been wrong. Although the Busquets-Rakitic-Iniesta trio was good enough to win the Champions League in 2015, now it looks flat and ineffectual.
Part of the blame must lie with the Croatian, who has fallen out of favour with Luis Enrique, so much so that Andre Gomes started ahead of him against PSG, but the Portuguese seems to take one step forward then two steps back. The occasional good performance is soon betrayed by bad ones.
Busquets, meanwhile, is not at his best. He started the season in dire form but while he has played his way out of that, he's still not the guiding force he used to be.
Iniesta has suffered a lot with injuries this season and this was his first start for a couple of weeks, excusing his poor display, and he has been the only bright spot in that area of the pitch for Barcelona.
(Photo: Getty Images)
5. Is the season at risk of total collapse?
Barcelona have reached the Copa del Rey final but that takes place at the end of the season, so it's La Liga and the Champions League they are thinking about for now, although they might not be worried about the latter for too much longer.
Sporting director Robert Fernandez said: “I'm sure this defeat will not affect us going forward. It was a bad night but each game is it's own story and our players know how to rise above it. I'm sure that on Sunday [against Leganes] we will have a good game and we will win well."
Should Barcelona be eliminated the only silver lining they can take is that they will have more rest between league games and might be able to mount a comeback in La Liga, where they are already trailing Madrid, who have played two matches fewer.
However, a defeat like this can have a big effect on the team and it would be far from surprising if it starts a slump which affects their performance in the Spanish top flight.
And if reports from Cadena COPE are true then the dressing room has lost faith in Luis Enrique, something which set in a while ago but has been greatly exacerbated by the heavy defeat in Paris.
6. Is Enrique doomed?
The coach was considering leaving at the end of the season when his contract expires and now that seems more likely than ever.
Already fed up with the rigours of management, particularly dealing with the media, the scrutiny on him is only going to deepen and intensify after this.
The Asturian lost the plot after the PSG game, needing to be held back by three people from remonstrating with a TV3 journalist after he took offence at his line of questioning.
Barcelona will not sack Lucho; that would be too ungrateful after he brought them a treble, a double and whatever this season brings, but while previously they hoped to renew his contract, they will now be having second thoughts.
Not just because of near-certain Champions League elimination, but because the team is straying further and further from the football that many across the world came to love them for.
(Photo: AFP)
7. So who will take over?
Luis Enrique would like his assistant, Juan Carlos Unzue to take over after him, and the squad do appreciate his guidance.
However the board will have doubts after this defeat; after all, Unzue does a lot of technical and tactical work and this was the result.
They will also look at Sevilla, who may well progress to the quarter-finals, and wonder if Jorge Sampaoli is the man to bring the shine back to Barcelona.
The Argentine has made no secret about wanting to work with his compatriot Lionel Messi and manage a club of Barcelona's stature.
(Photo: Handout)
8. Will Champions League elimination affect Messi's new deal?
It is hard to envisage a future away from Barcelona for Messi, but he will certainly be concerned by the manner of this defeat.
One of the requirements he makes of the club when he signs a new deal is a competitive sporting set-up for the years ahead.
Messi can ask the club—what are they going to do to change the way things have been going this season? That might mean hiring a new coach or signing new players.
(Photo: REUTERS)
9. Is it the end of this Barcelona team's cycle?
This is a question that was posed in the final year Pep Guardiola was in charge and after Tito Vilanova's side were crushed 7-0 on aggregate by Bayern Munich in 2013. And it was answered by Luis Enrique with a treble in 2015.
These players have more to give. The oldest of them, Iniesta, is still weaving his magic when he's fit and healthy, while Messi improves with age.
Gerard Pique has been in the best form of his life in the past year and Neymar is a player who will become the world's best in the medium term.
What they need is motivation and the occasional kick from a new signing to boost the squad's level, create competition and raise their game.
Dani Alves was not properly replaced, with Sergi Roberto struggling in big games, while bar Samuel Umtiti none of the new signings has been fully convincing, certainly not enough to earn a first team birth. But that takes time.
This may end up being a frustrating season for Barcelona, but this team is still a winning one.
That included a win over Nebraska in the Cotton Bowl following the 1964 regular season, which left the Razorbacks 11-0. Alabama was also undefeated entering the bowl season and was named the national champion by The Associated Press poll, but the Crimson Tide lost its bowl game to Texas — leading to Arkansas being named the champion by the Football Writers Association of America.
Rome, July 4 - parents may be allowed to self-certify that their children have had 10 compulsory vaccinations for school admission according to a measure the education and health ministries will present Thursday, sources said Wednesday. This would replace the current obligation for the local health agency to certify that the vaccinations have taken place, the sources said. It would be enough for parents to present a certificate of self-certification on the vaccinations, they said.
The culture at Facebook is changing. So says the social media giant‘s chief technology officer. Mike Schroepfer now says Facebook has a much sharper and more pessimistic view of issues that could hurt the service. Yahoo Finance‘s Alexis Christoforous, Dion Rabouin and Ethan Wolff-Mann break down the details.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Leicester have parted company with director of rugby Richard Cockerill.
The Tigers have dropped out of the Aviva Premiership's play-off berths after consecutive defeats to Exeter and Saracens, while also recently suffering a record 38-0 European defeat at the hands of Munster.
Former England hooker Cockerill has coached at Leicester since 2004 and took full control over technical affairs in 2010.
Leicester's slender 16-12 defeat to Saracens at Welford Road on New Year's Day proved the final straw for the Tigers board.
Head coach Aaron Mauger has been placed in "interim charge" at Welford Road, as the hierarchy evaluate their options.
(Photo: PA WIRE)
"It is with great sadness and regret that I leave my position as director of rugby with immediate effect," said Cockerill.
"I still believe that I am the right person to lead the team at this present time but respect the board's decision to make the change as they see fit in the best interests of the club.
"I wish to thank the club and in particular [chief executive] Simon Cohen and [chairman] Peter Tom for giving me the opportunity to lead this great club and the support they have given me in the last seven years.
"I arrived back at the club in 2004 as an academy coach and leave as director of rugby with a record that speaks for itself and stands up against any in club rugby in the world.
"This club has made me the person and the coach I am today and I will never forget what they have done for me.
"I wish [club captain] Tom Youngs and the team the very best for the future and will miss being part of the Tigers family."
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily Love Island updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Expect tears, drama and shouting at tellies tonight - but that won't just be because Love Island is gracing our screens.
England are playing their first World Cup knockout game against Columbia tonight, which means that none of the soaps will be on this evening.
Thankfully, Love Island is still on this evening, but it will be pushed later than its usual slot of 9pm.
Initially, viewers had to wait until 9.30pm for their dose of drama. But because the game went into extra time, viewers will now have to wait until 10pm.
Following last night's action-packed recoupling, the fallout between the Islanders is set to be huge.
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
The only couple to stay together were Dani Dyer and Jack Fincham, who both chose each other and not a new Islander.
But it looks like trouble is afoot tonight, despite confessing their love for one another .
Jack's ex Ellie Jones will cause problems tonight when she is sent for a drink with Dani.
During their chat together, Ellie brands Jack a "f***boy" and sparks a huge row between Dani and Jack .
Dani receives a text calling her and Ellie to enjoy drinks together outside of the villa, at which Jack is shocked and appalled.
Don't miss Love Island news Want to make sure you get the latest updates from the villa? Or just can't wait 23 hours to find out what happens next? Sign up using this form to receive daily updates directly to your phone - and we'll send the big breaking news to you as well.
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
She and Ellie end up opening and she discovers Jack and she had an on-off relationship since 2016, which shocks Dani.
Dani asks: "Honestly if you look back at him was he a bit of a f***boy to you, a bit of an******? I'd rather know."
Ellie replies: "He was a bit of a f***boy to be fair."
Back in the villa, where Ellie's words have clearly had a bit of an effect as Dani and Jack become engaged... in a huge row.
Meanwhile, Wes is fuming over Megan after he stayed loyal in Casa Amor.
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
After seeing Megan sat with Alex, he holds back his upset and takes Samira Mighty up to the terrace to have a conversation.
He tells Samira: "It's happened so I've got to dust myself off now.
"Whether I can pick things back up with Meg, who knows? I'm not going to make myself look like a mug.
"I'll just have to see where the wind takes me… Am I going to beg for Meg back? No."
*Love Island airs tonight at 10pm on ITV2
Mumbai: Filmmaker Rohit Shetty says comedy is the most difficult genre to pull as an actor, and praised actor Govida for becoming a master in it.
Rohit, known for blending in action and humour to his stories, spoke about the comedy genre while judging reality TV show India's Next Superstars and applauding a contestant Shruti Sharma, read a statement.
"Comedy is the most difficult genre to pull as an actor. You either make the audience laugh or you make them question you as an actor," Rohit said.
He added: "There are very few actors who can do comedy like Juhi, Kajol, Deepika Padukone and of course, one of the finest comedy actors is Govinda. He takes the scene to another level and has set a benchmark."
Govinda is credited for churning out innumerable laugh riots like Aankhen, Raja Babu, Hero No.1, Saajan Chale Sasural, Bade Miyan Chote Miyan, Haseena Maan Jaayegi, Jodi No.1 and Partner.
Social media reaction to the Sixers' NBA playoff win against the Heat
Social media reaction to the Sixers' NBA playoff win against the Heat Apr 14
WATCH: Meek Mill rings the bell before Sixers-Heat NBA playoff game after being freed from prison
WATCH: Meek Mill rings the bell before Sixers-Heat NBA playoff game after being freed from prison Apr 24
Rapper Meek Mill raises the hammer after ringing the Liberty Bell replica before the playoff game between the Sixers and the Heat at the Wells Fargo Center on April 24, 2018. Comedian Kevin Hart is right. Mill, who has been incarcerated since November, was released on bail.
The Sixers' pre-game bell ringer did not disappoint yet again.
Freed from prison less than two hours before tip-off, Meek Mill threw on a Joel Embiid jersey and rang the bell before the Sixers-Heat Game 5 playoff game at the Wells Fargo Center. Mill picked up by Sixers' co-owner Michael Rubin's helicopter outside his state prison in Chester and flown striaght to the Wells Fargo Center.
Welcome home @MeekMill! He's here, rocking a Joel Embiid jersey to ring us in tonight, with the assist from @KevinHart4real. pic.twitter.com/J6dcUsbE4y — NBC Sports Philadelphia (@NBCSPhilly) April 25, 2018
Arriving to the arena around 6:30, Mill visited Sixers players in the locker room before the game.
“Happy for him, happy that he's, out and that he gets to see his family and his son,” Sixers' swingman Justin Anderson said before the game. “It's going to be crazy in here.”
The Sixers' first two bell ringers for the playoffs were Joel Embiid and Kevin Hart.
The team ran out to Mill's song “Ima Boss”
Sixers running out to Ima Boss 🔥 pic.twitter.com/HY6JQKL2I2 — Drew Corrigan (@Dcorrigan50) April 24, 2018
Mill was also greeted by Eagles' owner Jeffrey Lurie.
Meek Mill and Jeffrey Lurie: pic.twitter.com/J0HABFxZWu — Zach Berman (@ZBerm) April 25, 2018
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The Suffolk County Legislature on Tuesday night unanimously confirmed Geraldine Hart, the former head of the FBI's Long Island office, as the first female commissioner in the 58-year history of the Suffolk County Police Department.
Before the 18-0 vote at 9:50 p.m., Hart addressed lawmakers for about hour, emphasizing that she is “someone who values integrity, someone who values law enforcement” and promised to be independent and keep lines of communication open with the community.
Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle were positive about Hart's confirmation. “It's wonderful to see a woman like you in a position to take leadership,” said Legis. Sarah Anker (D-Mt. Sinai).
Legis. Tom Cilmi, leader of the GOP caucus, praised Hart for meeting personally with lawmakers before the confirmation vote and said she had a “genuineness and sincerity.” If she can keep that approach, he added, she'll remain “in a pretty good spot.”
However, Legis. Tom Muratore (R- Ronkonkoma) questioned her supervisory experience to lead a department with 2,500 officers. Hart said she has had increasing supervisory experience since 2012 and last headed the Long Island FBI office and its 125 personnel.
Legis. Robert Trotta (R-Fort Salonga) said he had “no problems” with her capabilities, but warned that Suffolk police had gone through “as horrible, horrible thing” with the scandal involving now jailed former Chief of Department James Burke for beating a burglary suspect and covering it up. “Are you really ready for the politics?” he said.
She responded that she had a 20-year record with the FBI as “someone with integrity and someone who values integrity and knows what it's worth.”
Her appearance before lawmakers was delayed for more than 90 minutes while the legislators met in executive session with county attorney's over the controversial $10 million settlement of a lawsuit brought by Martin Tankleff, whose murder conviction of his parents was overturned in 2007.
Get The 1600 newsletter Get our inside look at the White House and goings on in the Donald Trump administration. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Hart not only got support from lawmakers, but from nearly a dozen community leaders who spoke during the public portion of the meeting before her appearance. Among those who praised her credentials were Brentwood schools Superintendent Howard Koenig, Crime Victims Center head Laura Ahearn and Harry Wallace, chief of the Unkechaug tribe.
“She respects us, looks forward to working with us and will protect us,” said Talat Hamdani, who described herself as “a proud Muslim American.”
While Hart testified her mother, Patricia, her father, John, and her son Conrad Ertel, 14, looked on, along with her brother, sister, aunt and uncle.
Deputy County Executive Jon Kaiman, who headed the search committee said that Hart was chosen over 100 other contenders, including candidates from St. Louis, Chicago, New Jersey and New York City.
As the OnePlus 5 launch date draws closer, the exciting centering the phone keeps increasing. With not even a week from the unveiling of the device, OnePlus has started to send out media invites for the event.
The eye-catching press invite is more like a complete press kit. It contains a paper that reads "focus on what matters," which is the tagline used by the company to promote its upcoming flagship phone. Apart from that, the invite also has a kevlar case (while not confirmed, it does seem like kevlar texture wise) for the phone. As expected the case has a horizontal dual camera cutout on the back.
As per the invite, the OnePlus 5 will get a traditional announcement event in Beijing, which will be broadcast all across the world. There will be ceremonies in other countries as well. The Chinese company has taken a dig at other firms by saying that they don't mean it when they refer to customers as friends.
Well, it is quite evident that OnePlus is pretty confident with the upcoming smartphone. Being touted as the "Flagship Killer", the OnePlus 5 will definitely give other manufacturers a run for their money. The best thing about OnePlus devices is; even though they are priced less than other flagships in the market, they come with powerful features and specifications.
For example, the OnePlus 5 will feature a Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor along with 6GB/8GB RAM. As mentioned earlier, it is going to arrive with horizontally stacked rear dual camera sensors. And we have already seen the superior quality images captured by the smartphone's cameras.
Yesterday, pre-registration for the device opened in China. And within hours, 50,000 reservations were made for the OnePlus 5.
Source
Sydney: Australia is scrapping secrecy laws designed to stop whistleblowers from speaking out about alleged abuse at offshore asylum-seeker detention camps, in a move which campaigners Monday hailed as a victory for free speech.
Asylum-seekers who try to reach Australia by boat are either turned back or sent to remote camps in Nauru and on Papua New Guinea`s Manus Island.
Refugee advocates and medical professionals have long criticised conditions in the camps, where some detainees have been held for years.
The secrecy provisions were introduced in 2015, making it a jailable offence for immigration department workers to speak out about conditions in the centres.
But Immigration Minister Peter Dutton last week moved an amendment to the law to restrict the definition of unauthorised disclosures to information relating to the national or public interest.
He told parliament last week the 2015 changes had "not kept pace with the developments in the modern border environment".
"The definition of the information to be protected has been refined to include only certain kinds of information" such as national security and defence, Dutton added.
The previous provisions were set to be challenged in the High Court by rights group Doctors for Refugees, which welcomed the government`s U-turn.
"This is a stunning victory for anyone in Australia who believes people who are concerned about abuse or neglect should be allowed to speak out," Barri Phatarfod from Doctors for Refugees said in a statement Monday.
A PNG court ruled last year that holding people on Manus was unconstitutional, and Canberra is set to shut the camp later this year.
The detainees will be moved to third countries such as the US and Cambodia or be resettled in PNG.
Canberra has been criticised for its asylum-seeker policies but defends its tough stance as necessary to stamp out people-smuggling and stop asylum-seekers dying at sea in rickety boats.
Raquel Lopez celebrated her last day of chemotherapy, a process she weathered with the support of her friend, Lisa Wieland. But the two had never met in person, until that last day.Lopez and Wieland's bond was forged through Facebook, with the help of Lopez's doctor at Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn.Staff connected to the two women because they both experienced an extraordinary challenge: both women were diagnosed with colon cancer while pregnant - it's a rare occurrence that affects less than 1 percent of women."It does feel lonely," Lopez said. "You're in a unique situation.""I was grateful to be that person to be able to tell her a little bit about it," Wieland said.Lopez started chemotherapy at 30 weeks. Several doctors collaborated on her treatment plan to ensure her safety, as well as her unborn child's."Many people are fearful of pregnant women and treating them, so one important thing to know is that pregnant women are not withheld treatment," said Dr. Karishma Rai, of the hospital.After several rounds of chemo, Lopez gave birth to a healthy baby boy named Maximus.She resumed treatment and underwent surgery two weeks later.Wieland encouraged Lopez every step of the way.Wieland brought her daughter Sidney, whom she was pregnant with during her own colon cancer treatment, to help congratulate Lopez. She wants other women to know that pregnancy won't get in the way of getting treatment, and treatment won't necessarily impact the pregnancy."Seek out the right people who want to help you and you can do it, and you can have healthy babies," she said.
ANKARA Turkey's military said it killed 14 members of the militant Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) in air strikes in northern Iraq on Saturday, as Ankara steps up a push against the group and their affiliates in Iraq and Syria.
Turkey has intensified attacks on the PKK in northern Iraq and its Syrian-Kurdish affiliate, the YPG, in northern Syria. President Tayyip Erdoğan said on Saturday that as many as 220 militants had been killed in recent strikes elsewhere in northern Iraq.
Six militants were killed around the area of Sinat-Haftan and eight in the countryside around Adiyaman in two separate air strikes in northern Iraq on Saturday morning, the military said in a statement.
The PKK, which has carried out a three-decade insurgency against the Turkish state, has camps in the mountains of northern Iraq. Both the United States and Turkey consider it a terrorist organisation.
However, the NATO allies disagree on the Syrian-Kurdish YPG, which the United States sees as a useful partner in the fight against Islamic State in Syria. Erdoğan considers the Syrian-Kurdish fighters to be a terrorist group and is concerned their advances in northern Syrian could fuel the Kurdish insurgency at home.
He is expected to raise the issue when he meets with U.S. President Donald Trump next month.
"We tell our American friends not to take terrorists with them," Erdoğan said in comments broadcast live on network NTV.
He reiterated his position that he does not want the United States to use the YPG in the fight to take Raqqa, Islamic State's de facto capital in Syria.
"America, coalition forces and Turkey can join hands and Raqqa will turn into a graveyard for Daesh," he said, using an Arabic name for Islamic State.
He said some 210-220 militants had been killed in recent air strikes elsewhere in northern Iraq.
(Reporting by Orhan Coskun, Mert Ozkan and Yesim Dikmen; Writing by David Dolan; Editing by Toby Chopra)
KABUL (Pajhwok): India has reiterated increasing security and defence cooperation with Afghanistan during a meeting of joint security commission, a statement from the National Security Council (NSC) said on Wednesday.
India's deputy National Security Advisor Rajinder Khanna has arrived in Kabul on the head of a high level delegation and attended second meeting of the joint India and Afghanistan security commission.
The commission was formed following the agreement of National Security Advisors (NSAs) from both countries during last year trip of the India's NSA to Afghanistan.
The purpose of the joint commission was discussion and analysis of security and military situation in the region, the statement said.
It added Afghanistan and India jointly discussed security threats in the region. India reaffirmed commitments to strengthen Afghan security forces and provide more equipment and support to Afghan Air Force (AAF).
Both sides have discussed specific areas of cooperation such as India cooperation in the treatment of injured security forces and provision of support to Afghan military hospitals.
nh
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A chemsex session ended in tragedy after the "dominant" partner fell asleep leaving his "submissive" lover to die trussed up with a gas mask on, a court heard.
Kevin Adams, 52, had been enjoying a drug-fuelled bondage game with his casual sex partner Dohoon Kim, 36.
Although Kim was in a long-term relationship with a boyfriend he lived with, he met up with Adams about once a month for a night of "playing".
The pair had been snorting methamphetamine, party drug mephedrone, known as M-Kat, and doing shots of GBL - similar to 'date rape' drug GHB, when Adams took on his role as the dominant partner and Kim as the submissive one.
The so-called chem-sex scene involves gay men mixing sex and hard drugs, sometimes for days at a time.
Kim wore a gas mask and was tied up by his neck, wrists and ankles and between sessions the pair snapped a photo in the bathroom, where half their encounters took place that night.
(Photo: PA)
But after a hedonistic session, Adams fell asleep, leaving Kim naked and trussed up on the floor surrounded by sex toys and bondage restraints- and with a rope around his neck which restricted his airwaves.
By the time Adams awoke and went into the bathroom, Kim was unresponsive.
Adams dialled 999, telling the call handler that his friend was not breathing and was cool to touch, claiming he himself had not fallen asleep since their session finished.
But prosecutors say Adams must have fallen asleep.
When asked to open Mr Kim's mouth, Adams said it was "stuck" - and paramedics who arrived ten minutes later found the young Korean man was in a state of rigamortis on June 14, 2015.
Prosecutor Adam Feest QC said: "At around 2am the emergency services received a call from Kevin Adams.
''He told them he and his friend had been having sex which involved them being tied up, and his friend was not breathing.
"An ambulance was dispatched but by the time paramedics arrived it was too late to save the life of Dohoon Kim.
"A post-mortem examination showed the cause of death was restriction of his airwaves and the effects of the drugs he had taken.
(Photo: Birmingham Mail)
"A full police investigation followed," he continued. "The two men had been engaging in sexual activity which involved drugs, bondage and restraint of the deceased's airwaves by the gas mask as well as other sexual acts which may seem extreme.
"Dohoon Kim was a consensual but submissive partner in the relationship. It appears that he met his death at a time he was both restrained and wearing a full facial gas mask.''
Adams denied a charge of manslaughter which alleged he failed in his duty of care to Kim "to ensure safety and well-being during and after sexual activity," as the drugs, restraints and gas mask created a "potentially dangerous and life-threatening situation."
Kim was in a relationship since 2009 with boyfriend and the couple lived together in Slough, Berks, the court heard.
Mr Ciccone knew his partner was seeing other men for "extreme" sex acts, including a man in Swindon, Wilts.
(Photo: Bristol Post/SWNS)
When Kim went to visit Adams at his terraced house in Swindon, the pair would take part in "activities involving restraint, other items of bondage, gas masks, anal penetration with sex toys and on occasion fisting," the prosecutor said.
Mr Feest added: "It is the Crown's case that two people are entitled to engage in risky sexual activity that carries the potential for death to occur.
"Such entitlement brings with it a responsibility to the partners both before and after sexual activity.
"We say the defendant failed in that duty. He left Kim tied neck and foot on the floor, with a mask on his face and drugs in his body while he fell asleep nearby."
The trial continues at Bristol Crown Court.
Pep Guardiola intends to continue wearing a yellow ribbon in support of imprisoned Catalan politicians.
The Manchester City manager has been sporting the symbol on his breast in public for the past month.
Guardiola explained his reasons for doing this in early November but it went largely unreported until it was commented upon by his Manchester United counterpart Jose Mourinho on Friday.
Speaking ahead of Sunday's derby between United and City, Mourinho suggested he would be punished if he made a political statement in such a way.
Asked about this issue again after the match, Guardiola said: "I do that because in Spain for two specific people who defend something like the vote, something the people in command do not agree (with), are in prison. It's unfair.
"To make a rebellion on something like that, you have to be something tough to be in prison. And they are still there. So, until they are not out, always here (points to ribbon) will be shared with me.
"Because, OK, they can suspend me for doing that, but the other people are in jail."
Guardiola was specifically referring to politicians who were imprisoned for their involvement in the Catalonia independence referendum, which was declared illegal by Spain, in October.
Guardiola, 46, was born in Catalonia and is one of the region's highest-profile sportspeople, having played for and managed Barcelona.
His ribbon gesture has not breached any football regulations. After changing its rules this season, European governing body UEFA now bans only offensive messages from being displayed and that position is shared by the Football Association.
But Guardiola says his feelings are so strong on this issue that a punishment would not concern him.
"If they want to suspend me - UEFA, Premier League, FIFA - it's OK," he said.
(Top) U.S. Rep. Pete Olson, R-Texas, speaks during Sugar Land's Memorial Day event Monday at Sugar Land Memorial Park. (Photo by Joe Southern)
(Bottom) Children Nathan, Connor, Emily and Kathryn help Director of Programs Krystal Willeby with the George Ranch Memorial Day remembrance. “We try to capture the loss and what it means to people. These are soldiers who had families, and who made the ultimate sacrifice,” she said. (Photo by Donna Hill)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WILKES-BARRE -- The trial for a mother charged with two counts of attempted homicide began on Wednesday in Luzerne County Court.
Melissa Scholl is accused of trying to kill herself and her two children by hooking up a hose to her car's exhaust pipe.
Scholl did not show much emotion in court, even as her 9-year-old son testified that he knew his mom wanted to kill herself.
Prosecutors said Scholl tried to kill her children with carbon monoxide in a school bus parking lot in December of 2015 near Wilkes-Barre.
Her son Julian Scholl, who was 7 at the time of the incident, said in a video interview played in court, "She wanted to kill herself because she didn't want to raise too many kids... so I said, 'Don't kill yourself. You've been protecting me all these years."
When asked in court whether Julian thought there was anything that happened that night in 2015 showing his mom wanted to hurt him, he said no.
He testified, "She said she wanted to kill herself, so she called my grandma to pick us up... She didn't want to harm us in any way."
The arresting Wilkes-Barre Township officer also spoke in court. Patrolman Joseph Wozniak said he found a clear jug of wine about 10 to 15 feet from her car under a school bus.
Wozniak said he heard Scholl say she, "couldn't do it anymore... don't want to live."
Bus driver Robert Shinal testified that he pulled the hose out of the car window that night. He said that Scholl did not say she wanted to kill her own kids during the incident, but she did say she, "couldn't do it on her own," meaning raising her kids.
Her son Julian said in court, "She just wants to be free."
Wednesday was the first day of what the judge expects to be a two-day trial.
One teen was killed and another wounded in a shooting near a charter school in the Austin neighborhood on the West Side, Chicago police said.Police said the shooting took place at about 9:11 a.m. in the 1100-block of North Lamon Avenue near YCCS-West Youth Connection Charter School.One of the shooting victims ran into the school for safety. One victim has been pronounced dead and the other transported to Stroger Hospital in stable condition with a gunshot wound to the leg.No one is in custody.
The latest Nerf blaster, the original Stretch Armstrong action figure and the sequel to last year's Hatchimals are the must-have toys this Christmas as British parents prepare to spend an average of £121 on each child.
Family games, collectibles and movie blockbuster characters also dominate the Toy Retailers Association (TRA) annual DreamToys list of predicted top sellers.
When cowboy Lefty Brown (Bill Pullman) witnesses the murder of his longtime partner — the newly-elected Senator Edward Johnson (Peter Fonda) — he strikes out to find the killers and avenge his friend's gruesome death. Tracking the outlaws across the vast and desolate Montana plains, Lefty recruits a young gunslinger, Jeremiah (Diego Josef), and an old friend, a hard-drinking U.S. Marshall (Tommy Flanagan), to help deliver the men to justice.
After a gunfight with the outlaws... Full synopsis »
28th May 2018, New Delhi: 5 years old company, but big list of achievements, today Inextis Events is inspiring various young entrants in the event industry with its unmatched services and creative event list. Adding another laurel to the big list of achievements, Inextis has created a history again by entering into Asia Book of Records, second time for ‘The Fastest Conference Set Up' for Edelweiss India Conference 2018, recently.
The event that has created an impact was attended by more than 250 attendees, 150 corporate firms and Edelweiss clients included more than 500 attendees from 206 firms, including 60 FIIs from the US, UK, Europe and Asia-Pac.
Talking about the achievement, Dhruv Davar, CEO, Inextis Events shared, “It is a moment of great pride for Inextis. Creating history with something you love doing, is a different high. It encourages us to challenge our own self and set bigger benchmarks”.
The event setup included a 1000 sq. ft. of Curved LED screens, a circular Stage in the centre of the banquet hall with a life sized in-lit letter cut placed behind the stage and in front of the centre LED, followed by the console, 2 media rooms setup, gensets and a goal post truss for lights, sound and all video equipment. The set-up also included a 3D edge lit layered registration desk, an entrance arch, 2 engagement zones and a Live Twitter Tree LED wall in the pre-function area. All this was done in 4 hours & 41 mins, which enabled them to make a place in Asia Book of Records.
Inextis entered Asia Book of Records for the first time with Fantastico Tiago Drive campaign by Tata Motors in 2016. Inextis Events have also won various other reputed awards in 2017 including an Apex Award for The Best Marketing Startup of the Year by Masters of Modern Marketing – mCube Awards 2017, 'Tata Zest Record Run Campaign'- Best Multi Channel campaign by/for an Automobile enterprise, EEMAX Award for the ‘Best use of Digital Marketing for an Event or Activation' for the same campaign, Innovative Performance Marketing Award at Center Of Individual Networking Summits 2017, 4 Certificates of Appreciation from Foxglove Awards 2017 and the list goes on.
The company, which has grown multiple folds since their inception has 98.4% client retention, which is very difficult keeping in mind that event industry doesn't work on retainership model, where the chances of retention are huge. Apart from this the company is also doing unique events for the big corporates & and fortune 500 companies.
Harry Kane added another goal to his tally in his bid to become the World Cup Golden Boot winner with a penalty against Colombia.
The England skipper won a penalty for England in the second half when he appeared to be fouled by defender Carlos Sanchez.
Despite efforts from some Colombian players to put Kane off - digging up the penalty sport - the striker finished with aplomb.
It was the Tottenham man's sixth goal of the tournament, putting him two goals ahead of second placed Romelu Lukaku in the race for the Golden Boot.
With the game locked at 1-1 after extra time, Harry Kane, Kieran Trippier, Marcus Rashford and Eric Dier converted their penalties in the shootout to set England up with a quarter-final tie against Sweden on Saturday.
Before that though - enjoy the best memes and tweets from Harry Kane's penalty against Colombia.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
No one really knows what they will experience when they die. We have all seen characters in TV shows and films see bright lights and watch scenes from their life flash before them in a montage, but it still remains a mystery.
People who have been medically dead and then resuscitated are the only insight into what happens.
Some who've been through this eerie experience took to Reddit to share what it was like to die.
Read below for their answers, which vary drastically from person to person.
1. Like reading a book
Five years ago monitormonkey underwent major surgery during which he bled out, causing him die for several minutes, The Mirror reported.
"I woke up in what looked like space but there weren't any stars or light. I wasn't floating so to speak, I was just there.
"I wasn't hot or cold, hungry or tired - just a peaceful neutral kind of thing. I knew there was light and love somewhere nearby but I had no urge or need to go to it right away.
"I remember thinking over my life, but it wasn't like a montage. More like I was idly flipping through a book and snippets stood out here and there.
"Whatever it was, it changed my thoughts on a few things. I am still afraid to die, but I'm not worried about what happens after that."
2. A visit from someone dear
Schneidah7 was thrown from his motorbike while cruising at 50 mph and was medically dead when he was taken to hospital. As he lay in the road before the ambulance came, he recalled someone he knew encouraging him.
"I just remember being on the pavement and things slowly going black and quiet.
"The only reason I didn't fall asleep was because of a bizarre moment where I heard someone yelling, 'Ranger up you candy f***! Come on man, get up. Get up. GET UP!'
"Then someone was slapping my helmet (which was basically smushed really hard onto my head).
"When I opened my eyes I saw my brother squatting on the pavement next me to. This was odd because my brother died from an overdose several years ago.
"The only other thing I remember is him glancing at his watch and saying something like 'They'll be here soon' and then walking away.
"I wish I could give more detail but I honestly don't remember much of the incident and still have trouble with my memory as a result of the accident."
3. A garden
While many users described their 'death' as being like a void, IDiedForABit had a very different experience after an allergic reaction caused his or her heart to stop.
"I remember a feeling of being sucked backwards, extremely slowly, like being pulled through water and this blackness fading in and out.
"At one point it faded back in and I was staring out at a garden.
"It wasn't filled with flowers, just dust and patchy grass. There was a playground with a merry-go-round in the middle and two children running around it. A boy and a girl.
"It's difficult to describe but I got the feeling I could choose if I wanted to stay or leave, but every time I tried to go back I was held in place.
"I went through all the reasons I wanted to go back, and when I told the presence I didn't want to abandon my mother whatever held me finally let go.
"I snapped back into my body. My heart had stopped for six minutes."
4. Hitting snooze
As a teenager, TheDeadManWalks had been going through months of chemotherapy when his nose started bleeding uncontrollably.
Due to a sepsis and Clostridium difficile infection, his condition worsened, and he slipped in and out of death, which he describes beautifully.
"The worst part of it all, looking back, is how peaceful it can seem.
"It's like wanting to hit the snooze button on your alarm at 7am.
"And maybe you do hit it once or twice but then you remember that you have work or school and that sleep can wait because you've still got s*** to do."
5. Or is it a laugh?
altburger69's brush with death didn't stop them from cracking jokes.
"Had a heart attack last year and my heart stopped three times in the emergency room.
"Apparently, each time they shocked me back I 'woke up' (how it felt) and told the staff a different knock-knock joke each time.
"No lights or whatever, just felt like sleep."
6. There is nothing after
In the aftermath of a motorbike accident, Rullknuf's breathing and pulse stopped and he went "cramp and stiff". After two minutes, his friend managed to resuscitate him.
"For me it was just a blackout. No dreams, no visions, just nothing.
"Apparently I asked over 10 times what happened and said I shall be happy to be alive today."
MTV gives fans a first look at 'Jersey Shore Family Vacation'
MTV gives fans a first look at 'Jersey Shore Family Vacation' Mar 16
Stars from 'Game of Thrones,' 'Lord of the Rings' to appear at Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia
Stars from 'Game of Thrones,' 'Lord of the Rings' to appear at Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia Mar 19
Stephen Amell, who is on CW's “Arrow,” will be at this year's Wizard World Philadelphia
Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia hits the Convention Center May 17-20, and it's bringing plenty of celebrities to town along with it.
This year's convention will feature appearances from Game of Thrones stars Natalie Dormer and Jason Momoa, Lord of the Rings hobbit buddy duo Sean Astin and Billy Boyd, Guardians of the Galaxy star Dave Bautista, Captain America's Sebastian Stan, and Stephen Amell of The Flash and Arrow.
DC Comics movie universe stars Ray Fisher and Ezra Miller, both of Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice and Justice League fame, are also scheduled to appear as headliners.
Momoa, Dormer, Stan, Fisher, and Astin will appear at the convention May 19 and 20. Miller and Bautista will attend on May 19. Amell will appear May 18, and Boyd will be available May 18-20.
Other celebrity guests at this year's convention include Stargate: Atlantis' Joe Flanigan and Jewel Staite, as well as Buffy the Vampire Slayer's Charisma Carpenter and Charmed star Holly Marie Combs, among others.
Tickets for Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia are available now and run between $35 and $55, depending on the day of admission. Passes for the entire convention are available for $95.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Noted poet and lyricist Javed Akhtar, who sparked a controversy by equating former prime minister Manmohan Singh with god, has now clarified on his remark. Taking to Twitter, the former Rajya Sabha MP said that he did not equate the two but merely questioned by God was not held accountable for the happenings around.
Hitting out at his critics, Akhtar tweeted, “I wonder if people really misunderstand or choose to do so. Criticising the concept of an omnipotent God I had pointed out that we blame humans like our ex PM for bad administration but never the God while the whole world is in a chaos and mismanagement.”
During his address at Jashn-e-Rekhta event in the national capital recently, Akhtar had sparked a row saying that the way the world in functioning despite God being there, it can be believed that “Singh is a better administrator than God”.
Speaking on a lighter note, Akhtar had said that he doesn't believe in the existence of God, and if God was there it was a matter of shame considering how the world was functioning.
“We say that several scams took place during the tenure of Manmohan Singh. But think about it, he had some allies, he had his own boss as well, and he had other compulsions as well. But he still managed to run his government. And here when we believe that God exists, the world is functioning in such manner. Then trust me, Manmohan Singh is a better administration than God,” Akhtar had said.
NATIONAL CITY, Calif. — A gun-wielding man named in a felony warrant for his arrest allegedly ran from a traffic stop in National City but was arrested after a police dog sniffed out his hiding spot in the Sweetwater Riverbed, authorities said Wednesday.
The car in which the 27-year-old suspect had previously been seen was spotted by a police officer parked in the 2200 block of Ridgeway Drive shortly before 3:30 p.m. Tuesday and was still there as that man and another person got in and drove off, police said.
As officers pulled the car over on southbound Interstate 805, the suspect jumped out of the rear passenger side door and ran. An officer who was close to the car at the time saw that he was carrying a black handgun, police said in a statement.
Officers chased the suspect west across the freeway and down an embankment leading to the Sweetwater River. A loaded pistol was found along the way, according to police.
The suspect hid in heavy brush in the riverbed but was found by a police dog about an hour later and taken into custody, police said. His name was not immediately released.
Bottom Line: A home-based exercise program that consisted of a wearable activity monitor and telephone coaching to promote walking by patients with peripheral artery disease didn't improve walking endurance.
Why The Research Is Interesting: Peripheral artery disease (PAD) is a circulatory condition in which narrowed blood vessels reduce blood flow to the limbs and that can cause leg pain when walking. Exercise programs improve walking ability in PAD, but to date only exercise programs that involve visits to the medical center have been effective.
Who and When: 200 patients with PAD enrolled in a randomized clinical trial between 2015 and 2017, with final follow-up at the end of 2017.
What (Study Interventions and Outcomes): 99 patients in the exercise intervention were asked to attend four on-site weekly coaching sessions in the first month followed by eight months of using a wearable activity monitor and telephone coaching, while a usual care group of 101 patients had no on-site, active exercise or coaching sessions (interventions); change in the distance walked in 6 minutes after nine months (outcomes)
How (Study Design): This was a randomized clinical trial (RCT). RCTs allow for the strongest inferences to be made about the true effect of an intervention. However, not all RCT results can be replicated in real-world settings because patient characteristics or other variables may differ from those studied in the RCT.
Authors: Mary M. McDermott, M.D., Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine, Chicago, and coauthors
Study Limitations: The results may not be generalizable to participants who didn't meet eligibility criteria or who weren't interested in increasing their exercise activity level. A minimal clinically important difference for the 6-minute walk distance has not been defined specifically for patients with PAD.
For more details and to read the full study, please visit the For The Media website.
(doi:10.1001/jama.2018.3275)
Editor's Note: Please see the article for additional information, including other authors, author contributions and affiliations, financial disclosures, funding and support, etc.
###
They were selected as one of the top 12 groups invited to Meetup Headquarters in New York City. Brittany Verette and Hope Lohman are self-described cool, but nerdy ladies who founded and organize a group of like-minded women in KC. They've got the details on this online website that connects people around a common passion or purpose.
In a controversial move, a senior US scientific committee has given the green light to one of the most contentious forms of genome editing: where genetic changes made to human embryos will then be inherited by following generations.
For the first time, a panel of experts from two of the most recognised scientific institutions in the US has advised that this process – called germline editing – should be seriously considered as an option in the future, and not outright prohibited.
It's a considerably more positive tone than the assessment of an international summit of scientists in December 2015, which declared that it would be "irresponsible to proceed" with germline editing unless safety issues and social consensus could be satisfied.
The new position, outlined in a report released this week by the US National Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of Medicine, stipulates that heritable editing of early embryos, eggs, or sperm should only take place to prevent serious disease or disability – and only when research has demonstrated that the process is safe, per a number of strict criteria.
"Previously, it was easy for people to say, 'This isn't possible, so we don't have to think about it much,'" MIT researcher Richard Hynes, who helped lead the committee, explained to The New York Times.
"Now we can see a path whereby we might be able to do it, so we have to think about how to make sure it's used only for the right things and not for the wrong things."
In that context, the panel envisages germline editing being used to prevent heritable conditions like Huntington's disease from being passed on from parents to their children, but critics say the tampering could have lots of untold consequences.
One such consequence could be the introduction of new heritable conditions, diseases, or mutations, which only become evident once the embryos mature into people.
Another risk could be opening the door to a society where developments in gene-editing techniques such as CRISPR/Cas9 lead to a dystopian world of 'designer babies' – where affluent people can afford genetic protections, and poorer members of society cannot.
"These kinds of scenarios used to be science fiction; they used to be seen as far-off hypotheticals," biotechnologist Marcy Darnovsky from the Centre for Genetics and Society told Rob Stein at NPR. "But actually, right now, I think they're urgent social justice questions."
"[W]e're going to be creating a world in which the already privileged and affluent can use these high-tech procedures to make children [with] biological advantages," she added. "And the scenario that plays out is not a pretty one."
In an attempt to counter that kind of situation, the committee's report recommends that gene-editing techniques should be reserved for treating or preventing disease or disability, and not used for "enhancement" of any human traits such as physical strength, appearance, or even intelligence – if such tampering is even possible.
In other words, super-humans are off the cards for now – but there are concerns that as gene editing becomes a more mainstream medical procedure, ethical guides over its usage will inevitably become relaxed.
"This opens the door to advertisements from fertility clinics of giving your child the best start in life with a gene-editing packet," Darnovsky told Amy Harmon at The New York Times.
"And whether these are real advantages or perceived advantages, they would accrue disproportionately to people who are already advantaged."
At present, germline editing research in the US is prohibited by the Food and Drug Administration – and similar bans are in place in the UK – with the exception of certain mitochondrial donation techniques – and in many other countries around the world.
But if those restrictions become removed, a new world of genetic possibilities will be open to scientists and patients – and we can only hope that it's one we want to live in.
The report is available on the the National Academies Press website.
LOS FRESNOS, Texas (AP) — Gabriel Canas, a bus driver from El Salvador who fled his homeland after members of MS-13 stormed his bus, did an initial screening interview for asylum under the worst circumstances.
He hadn't spoken to his 9-year-old daughter since the Border Patrol separated them two weeks earlier. And in that time, he had been moved repeatedly from one detention facility to another.
"The day I had my interview, I wasn't well because they'd taken my daughter away. I was worried sick. I didn't know where she was. I hadn't spoken to her," Canas told a judge at the Port Isabel Detention Center in Texas, where parents of many of the more than 2,000 children who were separated under the Trump administration's "zero tolerance" policy await their fate.
His case illustrates an overlooked effect of the separations: Some immigrants complain that they stumbled through their first asylum interviews when they were deeply distraught over losing their children. The interviews can have life-changing consequences because they are critical to establishing why families cannot return home safely.
Not until a day after the interview did Canas learn through a lawyer what happened to his child. The asylum officer who conducted the interview issued a deportation order. On Monday, an immigration judge upheld it.
The judge cited new Justice Department guidelines that gang violence is not sufficient grounds for asylum. But Canas blames his poor interview and plans to seek another one.
Volunteer lawyers say parents are distressed about losing their children and having no firm date for when they will reunite, putting them at a big disadvantage when they meet with asylum officers from the Citizenship and Immigration Service.
The so-called credible-fear interviews at Port Isabel take place by phone within two to four weeks of a parent's arrest and last 45 to 90 minutes each, according to immigration attorney Jodi Goodwin. Getting an answer can take a week.
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
To clear the initial hurdle, asylum seekers must demonstrate a "significant possibility" that they can prove that they have been persecuted or have a well-founded fear of persecution on grounds of race, religion, nationality, membership in a social group or political opinion if they are returned home.
They are judged partially on the consistency of their statements to border inspectors at the time of arrest. Attorneys say many asylum seekers, usually speaking through translators, fumble their interviews by holding back on details that may help their cases.
The risks of the interviews don't trouble immigration hard-liners. Many of them see the asylum process as a joke, saying it invites fraud by migrants who exaggerate claims and exploit loopholes to get into the U.S. When legal groups talk about flubbed interviews or asylum seekers who need to be coached through the process, hard-liners see evidence that migrants are rehearsing from a script.
Harlingen immigration attorney Norma Sepulveda is representing a dozen parents detained at Port Isabel, including Canas.
"The first thing he said to the asylum officer was: Do you know where my daughter is?" said Sepulveda, who found the girl in Arizona after she was transferred there from Chicago.
After President Donald Trump ordered an end to the separations on June 20, border authorities generally stopped splitting up families for prosecution. But many at Port Isabel were arrested before Trump reversed course and are still separated. A federal judge in San Diego ruled last week that families must be reunited in 30 days, or 14 days if the children are younger than 5 years old.
Many of the parents have already been interviewed. Goodwin, who spearheads a network of volunteer lawyers, estimates that her attorneys had counseled about 210 separated parents at Port Isabel by the end of June. Most of them — about 150 — had already been through initial interviews.
Among those parents, more than half had talked to their children by phone. But they typically knew only that the children were in a government shelter and maybe the state or city where it was.
More than 3 out of 4 asylum seekers passed the screening from October to January, according to the latest published statistics. That approval rate may fall after Attorney General Jeff Sessions' decision to declare that domestic and gang violence are generally not sufficient grounds for asylum.
In Canas' case, the immigration judge cited the June 11 order from Sessions.
"It's not that I think that your fear is illegitimate," Judge Morris Onyewuchi said. "But the cops I must follow have ruled that gang extortion, gang recruitment are not grounds for asylum."
Citizenship and Immigration Services said it asks every asylum seeker if they feel comfortable proceeding and, if not, the interview is rescheduled.
"All applicants are asked about their health, to include their mental health and have the opportunity to discuss that issue as well as any issue that might impact their case with the interviewing officer. Our supervisors are directed to reschedule cases pending concerns that the applicant might have," the agency said in a statement.
The advocacy group Kids in Need of Defense sent volunteer attorneys to Port Isabel this week with the goal of counseling parents before their initial screening.
"We are talking to people who are distraught because they don't know where their children are and they're facing a complex, potentially life-or-death interview," said Wendy Young, president of the group. "To have to face a complicated legal proceeding when you're so focused on the safety of your child, I can't imagine what that feels like."
Canas, who was separated from his daughter at the Texas border, hopes to be reunited with her and to join his legal-resident parents and U.S. citizen sister in the U.S. His chances are poor, Sepulveda said, but he will seek a fresh asylum review.
"The purpose of coming here was to save my life and my daughter's life," he said. "That's all."
U.S. Marine Corps Maj. Robert J. Crawford Jr., staff secretary for the commander, Marine Corps Installations Capitol Region, stands with his wife during his retirement ceremony at The Clubs at Quantico on Marine Corps Base Quantico, Va., Jan. 31, 2017. Crawford retired after 23 years of honorable military service. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl. Brian Domzalski)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 01.31.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 10:23 Photo ID: 3167208 VIRIN: 170131-M-GK190-024 Resolution: 5184x3456 Size: 8.87 MB Location: QUANTICO, VA, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, H&S BN Retirement Ceremony - Maj. Robert Crawford [Image 1 of 6], by LCpl Brian Domzalski, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Everton will reject any attempt to prise their teenage sensation Ademola Lookman out of Goodison Park.
Tottenham and Crystal Palace have both expressed an interest in the young star, who was a sub for England Under-21s in Friday's match against their Scotland counterparts.
Lookman was virtually ignored by the Blues ' boss Ronald Koeman this season, despite having made an instant impact in the top flight when he moved to Merseyside from third-tier Charlton for a record £10million last January.
And that has sparked suggestions the two London clubs will move when the window reopens in the new year, in an attempt to capitalise on his lack of game time or profile with the struggling Merseysiders.
(Image: Getty)
Sources at the club though, suggest there is NO chance the player will be allowed to leave, with the coaching staff convinced the forward will blossom into a huge Premier League star.
Koeman is under real pressure at Everton, and his reaction has been to ignore some of the younger players at the club, with another teenage star Tom Davies also given limited opportunities this season.
There has been some criticism from Blues fans that the manager has put too much faith in his summer signings, and not invested enough interest in the youth at the club.
(Image: PA Wire)
Yet behind the scenes, regardless of Koeman's attitude, there is huge faith from the club in both Lookman and Davies, and they are seen as part of the bright future at Goodison.
Lookman signed a four and half year contract less than 12 months ago, and the player who became the most expensive signing from League One in history has been given reassurances he will get plenty of opportunities as he progresses.
(Image: FIFA via Getty)
Speaking at a club sponsor event on Friday, Everton's former record signing Yannick Bolasie insisted the players believe pacy Lookman will progress this season and break through into the first team.
Like the 19-year-old, Bolasie grew up in London and came through youth football in the city, before he was eventually spotted by Palace.
He said: “I've been supporting him, I know him and where he has come up through the non-League system as well so I've tried to guide him and build his confidence so he's ready to take his chance when it comes.
“I would be very surprised if he wasn't in the team doing well at some point this season – he studies the games well and looks at how he can make an impact and I'm really looking forward to seeing him play.
“When his chance comes, he needs to be ready to take it and I'm sure he will.”
An airconditioning unit at the Goonellabah Tavern caught fire this evening.
THURSDAY 5.46pm: GOONELLABAH Tavern bar tender Tahlia Smith was standing in the pub car park with her colleagues while firies attended to the building.
Ms Smith said she was in the kitchen at the time of the brief blaze and saw black smoke coming from the roof.
She and her colleagues helped evacuate the tavern before firefighters arrived.
The tavern was closed to customers until the site was deemed safe. It is unknown when it will reopen for business.
THURSDAY 5.37pm: A FIRE broke out this evening in an air conditioning unit at Goonellabah Tavern.
Emergency services, including three units from NSW Fire and Rescue, Hazmat, police and ambulance, attended the scene and the fire was extinguished.
No-one was injured in the fire, and everyone who was inside the building have been accounted for.
NSW Fire and Rescue remain on scene until the electricity crews arrive to disconnect power to eliminate the risk of re-ignition.
Chinese authorities are reportedly stepping up their counter-terrorism efforts.According to the sources in the western Chinese province of Xinjiang, officials have begun collecting copies of the Islamic holy book Quran, as well as the related items, particularly the ones originating from Saudi Arabia, which are said to be inciting the people to commit acts of terrorism.Copies of Quran and the related items are ordered to be handed over to authorities.In addition, the authorities began to closely monitor activities on WeChat, China's most popular social media app.The books were taken as part of the "Three Illegals and One Item" campaign that was underway in Xinjiang, and aimed against the illegal religious extremist materials, mostly in possession of the Uyghur Muslims.In the past several years, large number of the Uyghurs have gone to Syria. Only in the province of Idleb, there are now about 3,500 Uyghur colonists. Majority of them came from the northwestern Chinese province of Xinjiang.Earlier this week, a Russian airstrike annihilated dozens of the Erdoğan regime-backed and Al Nusra Front-linked Uyghur terrorists.
WHAT: Mother
WHERE: Belvoir St Theatre
WHEN: Until February 11
RATING: Four stars
IF you passed Christie, you might well be tempted to cross the road to avoid her. But this blistering one-woman play written for Noni Hazlehurst by Daniel Keene pulls you up short and makes you rethink any quick judgments you might make about people like her living on the streets.
When you enter the theatre, Hazlehurst (pictured) is already on stage — though she's not immediately recognisable, so completely does she inhabit the character. We watch her, in the half-light, fossicking through rubbish for food as the sound of crows and traffic fills the air.
Staged on a black curtained set, with crates, cardboard boxes, plastic bags and autumn leaves on the ground (design by Kat Chan), Hazlehurst gives an astonishingly ­detailed portrayal of Christie, a woman in her 60s who has been homeless for decades after a series of terrible events.
With her shuffling gait, gnarled, shaking hands and cracked voice she is utterly convincing as a woman ravaged by trauma, alcoholism and a life on the streets.
As a young woman, she
was married with a baby boy. Even then she was clearly a little untethered.
She needed help to learn how to parent (her cold mother and alcoholic father were not good role models). She also needed help to give up the booze. Instead, she told her husband she'd stopped drinking, while buying sly grog made from turpentine by
a neighbour.
It sounds bleak, and it is a dark tale. But Christie has a wry sense of humour and a strong sense of irony, and the play is darkly funny at times.
Keene's writing is so vivid, you can picture the incidents Christie describes.
The script is also poetic. The way Christie talks about her husband singing their
baby back to them, for example, is serenely beautiful yet still sits convincingly in the mouth of this troubled woman.
Matt Scholten first directed Mother for his company If Theatre in 2015. Hazlehurst has since toured it widely around regional Australia. Now Belvoir is presenting the first main stage season.
Scholten directs with great sensitivity, never letting the play slide into sentimentality.
With an unforgettable performance by Hazlehurst, it's harrowing, heartbreaking theatre.
What would you say of ploughing through dirt and crossing over a one-rope bridge at the SEMO SWAT Challenge? Or walking up 110 flights of stairs in memory of 9/11? Eric Greitens, the 43-year-old Missouri Republican governor, seems to have the courage and strength to pursue these daring activities and much more.
Having entered a burning building with firefighters or having scaled a couple of rock climbing walls with utmost ease, the second youngest US governor has ultimately earned the reputation of one the fittest officials, similar to that of Arnold Schwarzenegger.
"Look, this is fun. It's a good time," Greitens said after scaling the climbing wall. "And I think it's important that people know we are fighting every day for the people of Missouri."
This proves well enough that these public displays of physical prowess, frequently uploaded on Facebook, are fully in tune with Greitens' political outlook.
Though a novice to politics, since coming into office in 2016 he has been receiving positive feedback from numerous statesmen, who have eagerly shared their comments below Greitens' inspiring family pictures and stunt accounts on social media.
A former Navy SEAL officer, he was chlorine-intoxicated in Iraq during a suicide bombing, but went back to work after just three days. His self-branding as a veteran might also signal higher political aspirations from a governor who has long been considered to be highly ambitious, AP quoted Missouri State University communications expert Elizabeth Dudash-Buskirk as saying. The website ericgreitensforpresident.com has long been reserved by him, she said.
A loving husband and father, as is obvious from his social media accounts, Greitens starts his day between 5 a.m. and 6 a.m. to run on local trails or engage in other exercises, which in the long run seems to help him meet his tough schedule.
Greitens' anti-corruption online posts, as well as those on the "blatant lies" propagated by liberal media and Missouri foster parenting have gained him nearly half a million subscriptions.
Here are some positive reviews from Greitens' Facebook account:
"I listened to you on the radio on Monday this week and I think you are making Missouri a better, safer place to live. I'm thankful you are our governor. Keep up the good work. ❤️The Lamb Family in Webster Groves"
"GREAT family picture and THANK YOU again for your service to God, America and especially to Missouri!"
READ MORE: Trump's Approval Rating Reaches The Highest Level Since September — Poll
Hitler's in, national parks are out. Strangest banned and allowed books in Texas prisons
The Texas prison system has an inconsistent method of deciding which books are allowed in the state prisons. The books are scanned by mail room attendants for violent or otherwise inappropriate content. Several banned books have similar permitted versions and some of the outlawed literature just doesn't make sense. Take a look at the ten most surprising books you can have in Texas prisons and the ten most surprising banned titles.
New Delhi: Sightings of rare creatures, especially marine animals are exactly that – rare. So, imagine the bewilderment of two Dutch fishermne when, in a first, their fishing nets caught a two-headed porpoise!
Swimming off the coast of Holland on May 30, the incredible creature was accidentally captured in a trawler net. Unfortunately, the mammal was already dead when it was pulled aboard.
Fearing trouble with fishing authorities, the fishermen threw the carcass of the two-headed porpoise back into the water, but not before taking a few images and alerting researchers.
In numerous cases, humans, reptiles and domestic animals have been studied for their 'conjoined twins' situation, however, it is extremely rare in wild animals.
In fact, as per the National Geographic, before this find, only nine other instances of two-headed cetaceans of any kind had ever been reliably documented.
A study recently published by the online Journal of the Natural History Museum Rotterdam contextualized the rarity of the find.
"Descriptions of conjoined twins in whales and dolphins are extremely rare," Erwin Kompanje, from the National History Museum Rotterdam, noted in his study. "We were aware of only nine [other] published cases," National Geographic reported.
After the photographs of the two-headed creature started doing the rounds, researchers from the University of Rotterdam examined them thoroughly and are trying to gain more insights about the discovery.
Even though the researchers say it would have been incredible to examine the carcass physically, there is still a lot that can be gleaned from the images.
According to a report in Gizmodo, the research team believes the twins did not survive long after they were born, since their dorsal fin was not yet erected. The small hairs on their upper rostrums (that beak-looking dolphins have) had also not fallen off, indicating they died pretty quickly.
However, scientists know definitively that the porpoise was both a newborn and a male.
“This case concerns the second known case of twinning, the first case of conjoined twins in Phocoena phocoena, the fourth known case of parapagus dicephalus in a cetacean species and the tenth known case of conjoined twinning in a cetacean species,” the researchers wrote. Their work has been published in Deinsea, Gizmodo reported.
The International Union for the Conservation of Nature states that the incidental catch is the biggest threat facing porpoises. As a result, the European Union has adopted measures to monitor the effect nets and trawls have on populations, National Geographic said.
Check out some more pics of the bizarre creature below:
(Images by: Henk Tanis)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Horrified Iceland shoppers watched as a stabbing victim stumbled into the supermarket shouting for help after being attacked outside the store.
Emergency services were called to the shop shortly before 5pm, to reports that a man had been injured.
The victim, believed to be in his 30s, was rushed to hospital after the incident with an injury to his torso but his condition is not yet known.
A woman in the area said: “He went in the shop and was shouting for help.
(Image: LIVERPOOL ECHO)
(Image: LIVERPOOL ECHO)
“Staff rushed to help him and called an ambulance. Police arrived at the same time.”
Another shopper said it was “shocking” how brazen the attack was at the busy shopping complex at such a busy time of the evening.
A spokesperson for Merseyside Police said: “We are appealing for information following the stabbing of a man in Halewood this afternoon, Tuesday, 3 July.
“Officers were called to Halewood Shopping Centre, Leathers Lane at 4.50pm to reports a man in his 30's had been stabbed in the torso.
(Image: LIVERPOOL ECHO)
(Image: LIVERPOOL ECHO)
“The victim has been taken to hospital for treatment to his injuries. His condition is currently being assessed.
“Officers remain in the area to carry out CCTV, witness and forensic enquiries to establish the full circumstances and locate those responsible.”
Detective Inspector Neil Fletcher said: "The investigation is in its very early stages but this incident occurred in a busy shopping centre at a busy time of day and I am keen to speak to anyone who may have witnessed it.
“I want to make it clear that Merseyside Police will not tolerate the use of knives to cause harm and the force is absolutely committed to eradicating knife crime and alongside our partners, we will continue to educate, enforce and act on any information given to us, to make the streets safer."
WASHINGTON — The WTOP listening area is about to get some needed rainfall.
Two waves of low pressure riding a meandering, frontal boundary hung up in the Southeast will bring a couple of opportunities for rain, courtesy of the Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic moisture. Light rain will already be overspreading the area for the Monday morning rush, for those who don't have the day off for the observed holiday.
Temperatures will end up much cooler than New Year's Day since there won't be any sun. It will be raining, and northeasterly winds will keep the cooler air wedged against the Appalachian Mountains. But because it got mild on Sunday before the clouds came in, the air temperatures and the ground temperatures will be above freezing.
No wintry precipitation is expected south of the Mason-Dixon Line. This storm will be the weaker of the two and amounts look like they will only be around a few tenths of an inch. Considering the listening area ended 2016 over eight inches of rainfall/snowmelt, every drop will be beneficial. The first wave of rain will taper after the evening rush before picking up again Monday night.
This system will definitely be the stronger of the two and looks like it could make Tuesday a good, old-fashioned, umbrella weather washout. Rainfall amounts will be much higher than Monday's, contributing to an impressive two-day total. It's still a fraction of what we need, but it will soak in. There's plenty of room in the topsoil and the streams and creeks (and the Potomac, for that matter). Tuesday's rainfall will also taper during the evening as a cold front sweeps through the area, drying us out.
This front is a strong one, but the coldest of the air mass will lag behind it a bit and will only gradually work in over the mountains during the day on Wednesday. Wednesday looks like it will have morning high temperatures then we'll gradually cool down in the afternoon, rapidly cooling down at night. Wednesday's low temperatures will be at midnight.
Thursday will be quiet, but cold and dry.
Friday may have some precipitation with it, as warmer air tries to “force” It's way back north over and into the cold air at the surface. The possible scenario would be for rain that starts as a wintry mix. But there is a lot of computer model guidance that also suggests that moisture never makes it out of the Carolinas and the storm system may just intensify out to sea. At this point today, given the overall pattern recognition, the complexity of the pattern, the fact the computer models are going back-and-forth between wet and dry in their predictions, either possibility of a light mix and rainstorm or staying cold and dry have equal weight. Regardless, behind this storm or non-storm (for us), even more cold, modified Arctic air will come pouring into the area.
Snow lovers: Not saying any significant snowstorms are heading this way soon, but at least the ingredients are in motion around the globe.
Daily weather highlights
Monday
Cloudy, damp, and cool, but above average
Light rain and drizzle all day
A brief respite from the rain in the evening
Tuesday
Like Monday, but with even more rain and slightly higher temperatures
Rain tapering off in the evening
Wednesday
More clouds than sun
Breezy and mild to start, then turning cold late afternoon and evening
Thursday
High level clouds lowering during the day
Temperatures slightly below average
Friday
Lots of uncertainty and the specific forecast details may change, but at this point it looks like:
Cloudy and cold to start
A wintry mix changing to a cold rain
This progression of images shows the waves of rain moving through from Monday morning through Tuesday evening. The imagery is the future radar, so the latter images show Tuesday's rainfall as being much more moderate. The computer model is the RPM run Sunday afternoon.
How does it all add up? Here's the same model's rainfall accumulation total for both storms. Note that they are running totals up to the time shown, and the second image is the total for both storms.
And once again, the temperature forecasts tell the tale: Mild to start and a cold end to the week with Wednesday as the transition day. Note the big contrast in temperatures Wednesday afternoon as the colder air is pooling in the Ohio Valley, ready to descend on us. The computer model is the GFS American model run Sunday morning. The temperatures for Friday are likely too cold. But if they turn out to be correct, it will argue for a storm track farther south and keeping us also dry on Friday.
Editor's note: The WTOP Workweek Weather Blog is intended as an in-depth yet plain language summary of the business week's weather potential in the D.C. area along with an explanation of the contingencies and uncertainties that exist at the time of publication. For the latest, actual Storm Team 4 Forecast, check out the WTOP Weather Page.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Follow @WTOP on Twitter and like us on Facebook.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
© Alex Wong/Getty Images/AFP
President Donald Trump's lawyer said that he has no plans to fire Special Counsel Robert Mueller. The US leader again reignited the rumors of an impending ouster by attacking the 'Russiagate' probe chief on Twitter."In response to media speculation and related questions being posed to the Administration, theTrump's lawyer, Ty Cobb, said in a statement on Sunday, as he sought toThe fresh speculations over Mueller's fate were triggered by Trump himself, who went on yet another Twitter rant over the weekend, writing that the probe "should have never been started." He then called out Mueller for bias, referring to the make-up of his team as "13 hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary supporters, and Zero Republicans?""Another Dem recently added...does anyone think this is fair?," Trump wrote , before stressing that there was no collusion between his team and Russia.That Saturday also marked the first time that Trump mentioned Mueller by name in his criticisms about the investigation, which he calls a "witch hunt." This, too, added to the speculations that a termination is imminent - and the number of 'Russiagate' advocates that scrambled to defend Mueller.Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-New York) appealed to Senate Republicans to "stand up" against Trump's crusade against Mueller, calling his potential firing "a red line for our democracy that cannot be crossed."Republican hardliner Senator John McCain (R-Arizona) also threw his weight behind Mueller, saying it is "critical" that Mueller is allowed to proceed with the probe "unimpeded."His long-time ally, Senator Lindsey Graham (R-South Carolina) echoed those concerns when speaking to CNN, warning that firing Mueller "would be the beginning of the end" of Trump's presidency.In a new twist in the lingering probe,Trump previously drew his own "red line" in the Mueller probe, telling the New York Times in July thatSince the beginning of the probe, the White House has repeatedly had to quash rumors of Mueller's imminent ouster. In January, Trump blasted the New York Times story, claiming that he had tried to fire the Special Counsel in July, as "fake news.""A typical New York Times fake story," Trump said at the time.In a Saturday comment to the Daily Beast, Trump's lawyer, John Dowd, said that he "prays" Acting Attorney General Rosenstein will "bring an end to alleged Russian Collusion investigation." However, he later backtracked on his statement, noting that he was only speaking in his personal capacity.
× Expand Students and faculty demonstrate in support of better pay for adjunct instructors. (Photo by Shayla Bailey)
Even with a recent pay raise, many part-time faculties at one of the country's top art schools make poverty-level wages.
Virginia Commonwealth University has more than 900 adjunct instructors, and almost 200 teach in the School of the Arts (aka VCUarts). The university raised adjunct faculty pay this spring from an average of $750 to $800 per credit hour to a minimum of $1,000, with a six-credit cap per semester, and no benefits. Before the increase, a petition by VCUarts Adjuncts Organizing for Fair Pay listed the annual average salary for adjunct faculty at $10,000 — under the federal poverty level of $12,140 for a single person.
VCU's high number of adjunct faculty is not unusual. The American Association of University Professors says in its 2016-17 report that the share of part-time faculty in higher education has increased 66 percent during the past four decades, with adjuncts making up about 40 percent of the academic labor force. The AAUP lists the average salary for part-time faculty as $20,508, compared to $80,095 for full-time faculty.
Last October, VCUarts Adjuncts Organizing for Fair Pay sent a letter to Shawn Brixey, the school's dean, President Michael Rao and others citing a “pay inequity crisis” and asking for $2,000 per credit hour.
“It's based upon living wages and the cost of living in Richmond, specifically, and that takes in consideration other jobs I'm working, too,” says Tom Burkett, an adjunct instructor at VCUarts. “I also teach at other state universities in Virginia that pay that same amount, so it's not unattainable.”
Mike Porter, a spokesman for VCU, says that adjuncts are often paid more than the $1,000 minimum, depending on a department's budget, need and market demand.
After meeting with adjuncts, Brixey emailed faculty a letter in January detailing plans for a task force to study adjunct compensation and policies at peer institutions and public research universities. Porter says the task force, which comprises adjuncts and full-time faculty, began work during the winter and may have some initial findings to report this summer.
In May, VCU's Board of Visitors approved a 6.4 percent tuition hike, which covers, among other priorities, “funding to ensure a minimum rate of $1,000 per credit hour for adjuncts.”
Students for Equal Adjunct Pay, which seeks to create awareness of the issue, opposed raising tuition to fund the increase.
“It creates a kind of us-versus-them mentality among the student body,” says Eric Eckhart, one of its members.
The teenager accused of fatally shooting 17 people in a Florida high school giggled and proudly proclaimed he would become "the next school shooter," according to cell phone videos he made of himself just before the attack.
“My name is Nik, and I'm going to be the next school shooter of 2018,” Nikolas Cruz said on the videos, released by prosecutors Wednesday. “My goal is at least 20 people.”
At least one of the videos appears to have been made on the same day as the Valentine's Day assault on Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. Cruz, 19, says he wants to become a school shooter for the notoriety it would bring him.
“When you see me on the news you'll know who I am,” Cruz says with a smile. “You're all going to die. Pew pew pew. Yeah, can't wait.”
In one of the videos, Cruz outlined his plan for the massacre, saying that he intended to take Uber to the school and eventually end up on an upper floor of the building so that he could fire down on fleeing students like a sniper.
Cruz did take an Uber ride to the school that day, but for reasons that remain unclear, prosecutors say he aborted the last part of his plan and did not fire from an upper floor. Police say that after shooting 34 people, he fled with other students, mixing in with the crowd before getting a drink at a nearby restaurant.
Fred Guttenberg, whose daughter Jaime was one of the victims, said he read a transcript of the videos but chose not to watch them, the Orlando Sentinel reported.
“I already know what he did,” Guttenberg told the newspaper. “He's evil. Repulsive. He deserves to be dead . . . He talked about how he was going to be someone now. It's a level of thought that I can't comprehend. It looks, from the words, like the kid had joy. I don't want to see the delight he took in planning the murders of our children.”
Andrew Pollack, whose daughter Meadow was among the dead, said Cruz can now rule out an insanity plea, the Sentinel reported.
“It just shows this kid was competent. This whole thing was premeditated murder,” he said. “This kid knew exactly what he was doing.”
Cruz suggested that he was planning the attacks in retaliation for being treated badly, although it is unclear by whom.
“I've had enough being told what to do and when to do . . . Telling me I'm an idiot," he said. “In real life, you're all stupid and brainwashed.”
Several Parkland students criticized the release of the video and implored others not to share it on social media.
That video is disgusting and is about to make me throw up. His face haunts me every single day and now I can't get his demonic laugh out of my head. So can people please not spread that video around. It is only giving him what he wants. — Morgan Williams #NEVERAGAIN (@morganw_44) May 30, 2018
Please do not share the recent video that the media released of the perpetrator talking about his plan of 2/14. Please. He does not deserve the spotlight he wants. It upsets not only me but everyone personally affected by this event. — natasha #NeverAgain (@sighnatasha) May 30, 2018
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Soldiers with the Japanese Ground Self Defense Force practice assault amphibious vehicle recovery in calm waters during Exercise Iron First 2017 aboard Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton, Calif., Feb 13. The U.S. Marines taught the Japanese soldiers not only how to operate the AAVs but also AAV techniques and tactics. Iron Fist is an annual, bilateral training exercise where U.S. and Japanese service members train together and share techniques, tactics and procedure to improve their combined operational capabilities. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Alvin Pujols/ Released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.13.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 19:23 Photo ID: 3165371 VIRIN: 170214-M-NM524-007 Resolution: 5760x3840 Size: 7.99 MB Location: MARINE CORPS BASE CAMP PENDLETON, CA, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Warriors of the Sea train and teach in their element [Image 1 of 7], by Cpl Alvin Pujols, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
HAYANGE, France (AP) — Two things now grow around the rusting carcasses of the last blast furnaces in this French steel town: weeds, and votes for populist Marine Le Pen.
For months, labor leader Walter Broccoli fought to keep the fires burning, fearing that failure could drive enraged workers into the arms of Le Pen and her virulently nationalistic politics. He never imagined his own son would become part of the stampede.
He says they've not spoken in the three years since he discovered to his horror from their local newspaper that David Broccoli was registered as a candidate in municipal elections for Le Pen's anti-European Union, anti-immigration National Front.
“I said to myself, ‘Impossible! What's happened to him?' I called him up. We argued. He told me, ‘That's the way it is' and hung up on me,” Walter Broccoli says. “I've had nightmares where I saw him dressed in an SS uniform, all in black, with a cap. I took it very hard. It shocked me: my son, in the National Front? Impossible. Unbearable.”
Advertisement
Yet the National Front is now an inescapable part of the landscape in France's industrial eastern rustbelt and its once left-leaning towns. Le Pen is projected to win millions of votes Sunday in the first round of France's two-stage presidential election, likely catapulting her to within one step of an electoral earthquake that would shake France and the EU to its core.
Disgruntled working-class voters will cast ballots for the anti-establishment Le Pen not solely out of conviction but also in protest. She is their nuclear option, their way to flip the bird at the French political mainstream they feel has betrayed and abandoned them.
steelworker Pascal Grimmer doesn't share Le Pen's politics; he doesn't, like her, want a “Frexit” to take France out of the EU or to ditch its shared euro currency. But she will get his vote because he's “angry with politicians, filled with rage,” and “she is the candidate who most scares the others,” Grimmer says.
He hopes that an electro-shock-high score for Le Pen — not quite enough to install her in the presidential Elysee Palace but an uncomfortably close shave — will jolt more mainstream politicians “to use their brains to ask themselves, ‘What do people want?'”
“You reap what you sow. And our politicians have treated the French people like idiots,” he says. “Politicians don't fulfill their promises. They lie as easily as they breathe.”
Last time, Grimmer voted Francois Hollande, the Socialist whose presidency, now in its final weeks, lasted just one term, sunk by his unpopularity.
Grimmer was impressed when Hollande came stumping during the 2012 campaign for working-class votes at the ArcelorMittal steel plant where he works. Labor leaders were in the thick of their battle to save Hayange's furnaces, the last in eastern France still serving the steel industry.
Incongruous in his suit and tie, Hollande clambered onto the roof of a van with union leaders, took a microphone and promised to push for a law to help save plants facing closure. The crowd, which included Grimmer, cheered. In a seemingly trivial detail, but one which workers subsequently wouldn't let him forget, Hollande even shared a spicy barbecued ‘merguez' sausage with them.
“I said to myself, ‘Oh, I like this guy.' Naively, I believed him,” Grimmer recalls. “I was completely hoodwinked.”
Grimmer and others felt betrayed when the furnaces were extinguished in 2013, as part of a deal the Socialist government struck with steel magnate Lakshmi Mittal seven months after Hollande's election. Hollande beat conservative Nicolas Sarkozy, another one-term president under whom ArcelorMittal also closed a plant in nearby Gandrange.
The deal included jobs elsewhere or retirement for furnace workers. ArcelorMittal also promised to invest 180 million euros ($190 million at today's rates) in other sectors of the giant steel works, which still produce high-grade metals for automakers and other clients and sprawl across three towns, including Hayange, in the Fensch valley.
Workers had hoped for more. The mothballing of the furnaces that used to turn the skies incandescent red, dust soot over the valley's towns and draw laborers from across Europe and North Africa hit hard. In a final show of defiance, Grimmer, Broccoli and other members of their Workers' Force union unveiled a plaque of protest in Hayange when the scorching fires which had melted ores into metal went cold.
“SELLOUT,” the plaque read. “Here lie the promises of change that F. HOLLANDE made to workers and their families.”
Still bitter, Grimmer says: “Politicians are forcing me to vote Le Pen. That's why I'm doing this. Not with a happy heart but because I'm forced to. And increasing numbers of French people are starting to think this way.”
And if Le Pen wins?
“So be it. They will have to live with that,” he says.
Broccoli says he warned Socialist officials that extinguishing the furnaces would be “electoral suicide.” Sure enough, the year after they were put out, Hayange voted in a National Front mayor in 2014 — one of just a handful of towns in France to do so.
“It really hurts me to see workers turning toward fascism, the extreme right,” Broccoli says. “They are so angry that they are prepared to vote National Front, to destroy everything. They have nothing left to lose.”
Broccoli's son, a computer technician, doesn't work in the steel industry. Still, the father assumes his son felt “abandoned by the government” after losing a job in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis, leaving him unable to pay rent. He says the son moved in with his mother, also a National Front supporter. The parents are separated.
“I feel as though he's been stolen from me,” Walter Broccoli says. “All these people — like his mother, his stepfather — they weren't like this 15 or 20 years ago. It happened gradually.”
David Broccoli didn't respond to calls and a text message from The Associated Press. Herve Hoff, who stood with him as a National Front candidate in 2014, says David Broccoli and his mother “adopted our ideas because they felt that the left had betrayed them. Simple as that.”
Hoff, a restaurateur, is now seeking election to parliament. He proudly showed the AP his letter from the National Front investing him as its candidate in the Fensch valley in June legislative elections. Saying Le Pen appeals to “forgotten people,” he drew parallels with Donald Trump's election to the White House, won with strong support from disgruntled workers in coal country.
“We'll have the same phenomenon. Deepest France, rural France, will lift up Marine Le Pen and you'll see villages where she'll get crazy scores,” he says.
Michel Liebgott, the valley's current lawmaker, a Socialist, handily beat a National Front opponent last time. This time, he's not so confident. If he decides against running again, he says the National Front could win the seat.
Liebgott, who was born in the valley and remembers Hayange as its jewel, a bustling steel town, says the region is dividing between haves and have-nots. Many of the better-off work across the nearby border with Luxembourg, braving gnarled traffic on the highway to Luxembourg City for higher wages in its services economy. An estimated 90,000 such jobs have helped fill voids left by decades of steel plant and mine closures in France.
“The poor are here. The others have gone elsewhere,” Liebgott says.
With the benefit of hindsight, the lawmaker says Hollande's campaign stop in the valley in 2012 “was bloody stupid.” It gave steelworkers false hope that the furnaces, which had long been earmarked for closure, could be saved.
Now firmly ensconced in Hayange, where the eyesore furnaces dominate the skyline, National Front Mayor Fabien Engelmann says he did not propose saving them because that would have been “impossible.”
“I didn't lie to my voters. I offered them a coherent program: security, cleanliness, lower taxes, reduced debts, road building, work on schools — things a mayor can do,” he says smugly.
The unemployment rate in Hayange is 14 percent, the mayor says — above the already high national average of 10 percent.
Jean-Paul Holtz sees the decaying cathedrals of once-belching pipes and chimneys from his windows. The drum player in Hayange's brass band spent all his working life in steel plants, starting as a 14-year-old apprentice. Now 66 and retired, he wishes the furnaces could be torn down because “it makes me sick to the stomach to see them like that.”
Holtz plans to vote for far-left presidential candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon, who is making a late surge in polls.
“People came to set up industries, money was made, people were provided with jobs. But it's over, finished,” Holtz says. “We have to move on. Will we move on? When? I don't know. It drags on and on and on, rusting away.”
Spring Valley found itself in a tie game early in the second half after Irmo returned the second-half kickoff 95 yards for a score.
Vikings coach Robin Bacon liked the way his team responded. Fourth-ranked Spring Valley scored on four consecutive second-half possessions in running away for a 42-21 victory Friday night at W.C. Hawkins Stadium.
“We had to respond. I told the guys the first drive of the second half was going to set the tone. They get that kickoff return, but we stuck it down there. It was huge to sway the momentum back after they got it at the end of the first half and to start the second.”
Tate I'aulualo and Jacquez Terrell each rushed for more than 100 yards for the Vikings. Spring Valley didn't attempt a pass in the second half after throwing just four in the first half. The result was four scoring drives that covered 67, 65, 75 and 35 yards, with I'aulualo and Terrell doing most of the damage.
I'ualualo capped the 11-play, 67-yard drive with a two-yard run to give Spring Valley (7-0, 3-0) the lead for good with 6:55 remaining in the third quarter. Terrell scored on a 1-yard run, quarterback Quincy Hill added a 14-yard run and Terrell ended the scoring with a 3-yard plunge with 5:18 remaining.
“We have three good fullbacks and all three of them did a great job tonight,” Bacon said. “The offensive line kind of wore them down. That's the good thing about our offense.”
KEY PERFORMERS
I'aulualo and Terrell: The fullback duo finished with a combined 234 yards. I'aulualo led the way with 122 yards on 15 carries. Terrell added 113 yards on 15 attempts.
Channing Tindall and KeAndre Jones: The defensive standouts for Spring Valley helped hold Irmo to 194 yards of total offense and just 59 yards in the second half.
KEY NUMBERS
379: Total number of yards on the ground for Spring Valley, with 258 of those coming in second half
195: Total yards accounted for by Irmo's Kendrell Flowers on offense and special teams
THEY SAID IT
“I've been on Jacquez for three years because I knew the kind of talent he had. He's a tough kid, he's played hard and picked it up when Tate's been down. He was a baller tonight.” – Bacon
“We responded really good (after the kickoff return for score). Everybody got down for a second, but we had to pick each other up. We're a team. We're a family, we're brothers. We had to pick each other up.” – Terrell
HOW THEY SCORED
1st Quarter SV – Anthony Wilson 3 run (Alex Herrera kick) 2:48 2nd Quarter SV – Ajani Tonge 34 yard blocked punt return (Herrera kick) 4:16 I – John Ragin 18 run (Angel Camarena kick) 1:48 3rd Quarter I – Kendrell Flowers 95 kick-off return (Camarena kick) 11:44 SV – Tate I'aulualo 2 runs (Herrera kick) 6:55 SV – Jacquez Terrell 1 run (Herrera kick) 2:15 4th Quarter I – Ragin 3 run (Camarena kick) 11:56 SV – Quincy Hill 13 run (Herrera kick) 8:01 SV – Terrell 3 run (Herrera kick) 5:08
INDIVIDUAL STATISTICS
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. — The driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville was previously accused of beating his mother and threatening her with a knife, according to police records released Monday.
Samantha Bloom, who is disabled and uses a wheelchair, repeatedly called police about her son, James Alex Fields Jr., in 2010 and 2011, telling officers he was on medication to control his temper, transcripts from 911 calls show.
Fields, 20, is accused of ramming his car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer.
Fields, described by a former high school teacher as an admirer of Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany, was charged with second-degree murder.
A judge denied him bail Monday after the public defender's office said it couldn't represent him because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest.
Fields was assigned a local attorney, and another hearing was set for Aug. 25.
Records show that Fields was arrested and put in juvenile detention after his mother reported in 2011 that he stood behind her wielding a 12-inch knife.
In another incident in 2010, she said her son smacked her in the head and locked her in the bathroom after she told him to stop playing video games. There was no indication in the records that he was arrested.
Also Monday, a former classmate told The Associated Press that on a school trip to Europe in 2015, a teenage Fields couldn't stand the French and said he only went on the trip so that he could visit “the Fatherland” — Germany.
“He just really laid on about the French being lower than us and inferior to us,” said Keegan McGrath.
McGrath, now 18, said he challenged Fields on his beliefs, and the animosity between them grew so heated that it came to a boil at dinner on their second day. He said he went home after three or four days because he couldn't handle being in a room with Fields.
The incident shocked McGrath because he had been in German class with Fields for two unremarkable years.
“He was just a normal dude” most of the time, though he occasionally made “dark” jokes that put his class on edge, including one “offhand joke” about the Holocaust, McGrath said.
McGrath said Fields was no outcast: “He had friends. He had people who would chat with him.”
Meanwhile, under pressure to speak out more forcefully, President Donald Trump condemned Ku Klux Klan members, neo-Nazis and white supremacists who take part in violence as “criminals and thugs” and declared that “racism is evil.”
Trump's initial failure on Saturday to denounce the groups by name, and his blaming of the violence on “many sides,” prompted criticism from fellow Republicans as well as Democrats.
A teacher who taught Fields in high school said Sunday that Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Hitler, and had been singled out in the ninth grade by officials at Randall K. Cooper High School in Union, Kentucky, for his “deeply held, radical” convictions on race.
Fields also confided that he had been diagnosed with schizophrenia when he was younger and had been prescribed an anti-psychotic medication, according to the teacher, Derek Weimer.
Fields later enlisted in the Army and reported for basic training in 2015 but was released from active duty four months later because of what military described only as “a failure to meet training standards.”
The violence in Charlottesville also was blamed for the deaths of two Virginia State Police officers in a helicopter crash.
Fields had been photographed hours before the attack with a shield bearing the emblem of Vanguard America, one of the hate groups that took part in the protest against the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee. The group on Sunday denied any association with Fields.
Associated Press writer Brian Witte in Annapolis, Maryland, contributed to this report.
We may all still be mourning the death of Rayna James, but Connie Britton is moving onward and upward.
Britton has just booked a recurring role in Showtime's half-hour comedy series, SMILF, a new series about a young woman named Bridgette (Frankie Shaw) struggling to balance her life of freedom with her newfound motherhood.
Scandal: Connie Britton Was Almost Olivia Pope, Y'all
The former Nashville star will play Ally, Bridgette's unstable boss who struggles with boundaries and finds herself in constant pursuit of self-betterment. Her expectations for Bridgette's role in her life go far beyond tutoring her kids.
She will recur in a multi-episode arc alongside two other new characters. Raven Goodwin will play Eliza, Bridgette's best friend and sometimes roommate who's in pharmacy school. Mark Webber will play Father Eddie, a sober priest who runs a Catholic Parish in South Boston.
SMILF premieres Sunday, Nov. 5th at 10/9c on Showtime.
Here are the top playmakers from the Cowboys' 30-10 win over the Giants
The Dallas Cowboys found enough big plays, including a 50-yard touchdown catch by Dez Bryant and a 54-yard reception by Cole Beasley to pull away against the New York Giants 30-10 at Met Life Stadium.
An onslaught of the weed Palmer amaranth in the southeastern United States has left many farmers wondering if they should continue using environmentally friendly cover crops and conservation tillage, or switch to conventional tillage.
Palmer amaranth is aggressive, drought tolerant, a prolific seed producer and capable of developing resistance to glyphosate, known as “Roundup.” Because of that, thousands of acres in Alabama and elsewhere are at risk of being converted to conventional tillage, which may better control the weed, but increases soil erosion and threatens long-term soil productivity.
Agricultural Research Service scientists at the agency's National Soil Dynamics Laboratory in Auburn, Alabama, are showing cotton farmers in the region how they can control the weed, save their soil and still generate a profit: They can conventionally till weed-infested fields for one year and then go back to conservation tillage for the next two years.
ARS economist Leah M. Duzy and her colleagues analyzed the financial implications by comparing costs for two approaches, one involving three years of conservation tillage and another involving one year of conventional tillage followed by two years of conservation tillage. In cotton fields infested with Palmer amaranth, she found a financial advantage to conventional tilling during the first year because of the immense weed pressure. But in the second and third years, there was little difference in net returns between the two systems. Additionally, with the higher costs of conventional tillage, returning to conservation tillage made more sense financially.
Duzy estimates that a farmer would save approximately $25.57 per acre per year in the second and third years by switching back to conservation tillage. That would represent a $15,342 savings each year on a typical 600-acre Alabama cotton farm.
If farmers decide to plow for a year because of weed infestations, they should consider adopting a high-residue cover crop and immediately return to their conservation system in subsequent years, according to Duzy. They don't have to plow the soil year after year.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
More and more desperate British women are turning to illegal abortion pills, a charity has warned.
The British Pregnancy Advisory Service (Bpas) said most women are unaware they are risking prosecution by using the pills.
Bpas, which provides abortions at its clinics across the country, obtained data from the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) which shows 645 abortion pills were seized in 2015 and 2016 on their way to addresses in England, Wales, and Scotland.
The number of pills seized as part of Operation Pangea has risen from five pills in 2013, to 375 in 2016.
(Photo: Getty)
Bpas, which wants abortion to be decriminalised, said many women were unaware they could face prosecution and lifetime imprisonment for buying abortion pills online.
The law states that abortions can be provided only when women meet certain requirements and two doctors approve the request.
Ann Furedi, chief executive of Bpas, said: "At Bpas, we do all that we can to make abortion services as accessible as possible. However, it is clear that for some women the barriers to clinic-based treatment feel insurmountable.
"These are women in desperate and difficult circumstances. They are not criminals deserving of life imprisonment.
"Evidence suggests that as awareness of online abortion pills is increasing, so too are the numbers of women using these methods.
"Women in these circumstances should not face criminal punishment and we should not support a legal framework which threatens just that."
(Photo: Getty)
Women on Web, a not-for profit online abortion provider, sends abortion pills to countries where abortion is illegal.
It will also send them to women in the UK under exceptional circumstances.
British women contacting Women on the Web show some of the reasons being given for seeking pills online.
One woman wrote: "I've just found out I'm pregnant and I can't keep the baby, can you tell me if I can get the tablets from you please.
"I am in the UK but it's impossible for me to get to a clinic due to having a disabled daughter who I can't leave and I have no one else I can trust.
"I'm in a complete mess, clinics said I have to leave my daughter at home but I have no one else at all to have her, due to her disabilities a nursery can't have her. I'm one week late.
"I'm in good health and have no allergies or medical conditions. Please I'm really desperate for help."
Another said: "I live in [a rural area in England] and have no friends and the relatives I have I am not close to.
"I was hoping to have a termination in the comfort of my own home without judgmental eyes and without worrying about my husband knowing.
"I fear what would happen if he did. I have three children and my third is 11 months old. I considered an abortion when he was conceived and had a terrible pregnancy and still suffering from post natal depression.
"I will try to seek help, anonymously if possible. I'm in great need of help."
Sophie Walker, leader of the Women's Equality Party - which supports decriminalisation, said: "Women's equality and wider choices depend on having control of our own bodies.
"In 2017, it should not be the case that women still have to fight for their reproductive rights and access to sexual health care."
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge had a pretty spectacular end to the royal tour , as they joined Crown Prince Haakon and Princess Mette-Marie at the Holmenkollen Ski Jump in Oslo on Friday afternoon.
Pregnant Kate changed out of her Dolce & Gabbana jacket and TiMo dress from earlier in the day, into a white and orange stripe 'Duana' jacket, £650, by Norwegian brand KJUS .
Net-a-Porter says the "two-tone ski jacket has a figure-hugging silhouette made from shell that's filled with warm down. This piece has a neck gaiter for extra coverage, a detachable hood and 3D-mesh shoulder inserts to keep your body at a comfortable temperature. The four-way stretch lining provides unrestricted movement on the slopes."
(Image: PA)
And it's another sartorially diplomatic move by the Duchess as the first KJUS collection was launched in 2000 by Lasse Kjus and Didi Serena, one an Olympic ski champion from Norway, the other an entrepreneur from Switzerland.
(Image: Rex)
She teamed it with black jeans and her Sorel 'Torino' snow boots we saw on the first day of the tour in Sweden. She and William complemented each other in shades of orange-red and blue - a subtle nod to Norway's national colours.
(Image: WireImage)
There were more hats on display today. Kate donned a white hand-knitted beanie, £26, by Barts (who are based in fellow Scandi city Amsterdam) while William wore another snowflake print by Gandys .
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
Kate and William took a tour of the Holmenkollen ski museum before observing junior ski jumpers from Norway's national team. Later today, they will attend attend an event organised by the Norwegian Ski federation, where the pair will meet a group of nursery children taking part in lessons, before returning home.
60 % 60 Whimsical The Fratellis fifth turn features more eclectic sounds while not losing what got them here in the first place. 6
For the sake of journalistic ethics, I will start this review with a disclaimer: The Fratellis are my favourite band. I understand that musically they're not exactly at the cutting edge, their records aren't going to be generation-defining like Zeppelin, or U2, or Oasis, but I just loved the sound, the big choruses and the risqué lyrics, even though it means I quite often have to explain to people that they do have more songs than just the one that gets played every time your favourite football team scores a goal.
In Your Own Sweet Time is the band's fifth album, and their third since a hiatus after 2008's Here We Stand. It is somewhat important to distinguish between the two epochs of Fratellis music, the first two albums, Here We Stand and 2005's Costello Music followed the formula outlined above, all screaming guitar, smashing drums and choruses that left the throat raw if sung at a gig.
Since the hiatus, during which frontman John Fratelli (née Lawler) produced Codeine Velvet Club with Lou Hickey and his own solo album, The Fratellis have expanded and nuanced their influences, 2013's We Need Medicine, was a slightly gutless Rock ‘n' Roll album that produced a couple of decent of tracks, but 2015's Eyes Wide Tongue Tied saw the band return to form with an album chock full of compulsive hooks and gaudy Americana; if you haven't listened to the mesmeric ‘Impostors (little by little)' from said album feel free to check out of this review for a bit and come back later.
In Your Own Sweet Time differs slightly again from previous releases, but it feels an altogether more grown-up record. The themes have never really changed in Lawler's writing. Love (normally either had and lost or wanted and unobtainable) and relationships feature heavily, given away slightly by the album artwork. Lawler's writing also continues to verge on the whimsical, with the lyrics to ‘Indestructible' utterly nonsensical when written down, “Krakatoa, Eiffel Tower, See how she gets busy in the magic hour”.
The standout track on the album might be ‘Sugartown', with a plastic perfect feel which is rooted in the 1950s US pop music, complete with bubble-gum and lollipop lyrics; even if at first listen it provides a shock in terms of its difference to any other track the band have put out. However, some tracks don't quite land, the bizarre children's nursery rhyme end to ‘Advaita Shuffle' is horribly jarring and ‘I Am That' a weird, bad Stone Roses, haze out feels an extremely weak ending to the album.
The band is still clearly at their best when their old formula is applied. ‘The Next Time We Wed', the album's first single, offers a chorus that would have the attention of the biggest stadium, though even here there are disco influences in the back of the track that mark it out from the straight up and down rock of the band's back catalogue.
For those who have stuck with the band since the start this is probably a more rewarding album than either of the bands last two releases, with enough new stylings mixed in with the old tropes. For those who either aren't familiar with the band's previous records, or only know them because of the number of times you've belted out ‘Chelsea Dagger' while smashed and falling out of a club, this album can be marked as potentially their most interesting turn since Costello Music, but it is not the reinvention that their contemporaries like Arctic Monkeys achieved with AM, or The Libertines achieved by Pete Doherty having inexplicably not died. Me though, I'll listen to it until I know all the words backwards, they're still my favourites.
In Your Own Sweet Time is out now via Cooking Vinyl
Allan Monga, a junior at Deering High School in Portland, Maine, traveled to Washington, D.C. to compete in the Poetry Out Loud contest on Monday. It's a national competition in which students recite great works of poetry, and it's run by the National Endowment for the Arts and the Poetry Foundation.
But Monga, who says he fled violence in his home country of Zambia, was initially barred from the national final because of his immigration status: He's an asylum seeker and does not yet have U.S. citizenship.
Poetry Out Loud's official rules require permanent residence, so Monga filed a lawsuit against the National Endowment for the Arts and the Poetry Foundation. A judge granted a motion allowing him to compete, and he went on to represent the state of Maine in the competition. He read two poems but did not advance to the finals.
Monga says fighting to compete in Poetry Out Loud was important to him — and others.
"I am not the only kid who's an immigrant, like the Portland public schools [themselves] have a huge body of kids from all over the world who are definitely in my situation," Monga says. "So, I wanted to create a way that kind of opened the door for everyone."
Interview Highlights
On what poetry means to Monga
Poetry is like a whole new world to me. Back in my country, I did not have anything about poetry, but poetry is something that I got to learn once I got here. You know, I did research. It's just something like — I developed feelings for it. It's like I'm in a relationship with poetry.
On the teacher that introduced him to poetry
Ms. Callaghan. I mean, I was just sitting one of the days in our class, and she was like, "Do you wanna try this?" I was like, "Um, maybe, nah." But I did [some] research, and it was just like magic. It happened, and I will tell you, it is addictive. Your feelings, or passion for it, grow everyday. And honestly, I will not let anyone stand in between the relationship I have, I've grown for poetry.
On why he connects to "America" by Claude McKay
It talks about the good and the bad of America. And me, as an immigrant, I can come across a challenge. Example: what's going on right now with the NEA trying to say I cannot compete. To me, I consider it as a challenge. But the good? They said I can compete. I had people, the entire Portland public schools, everyone has just gone above and beyond to make sure that I'm here today. And I don't know, that poem to me is just like music to my ears.
Matt Ozug and Bridget Kelley produced and edited the audio story. Sydnee Monday and Petra Mayer adapted it for the Web.
Millions of wreaths will be placed on the tombstones of fallen soldiers in Arlington National Cemetery in the coming days, but today in the capitol, Montanans recognized local veterans with their own wreath.
Wreaths Across America is a tradition that started when one wreath maker in Maine had a few extra wreaths to give out. He decided it best they go to honor our country's bravest.
A wreath's shape and green color represent, everlasting life, which is how members of the Daughter's of the American Revolution, who coordinated today's ceremony, say we should remember our fallen heroes.
The wreath on display today is not the official one. A more elaborate wreath, which recognizes each branch of the military will be up later this week and will remain on display in the Capitol's rotunda throughout the holidays.
By The Associated Press
ASHEVILLE, N.C. (AP) — Raekwon Miller hit 4 of 6 3-point attempts and led North Carolina-Asheville with 19 points as the Bulldogs overwhelmed the Buffaloes of NAIA member Milligan College, 97-60 on Sunday.
The victory gives UNC Asheville 14 straight wins at home.
The meeting was the first between the former NAIA rivals since the 1995-96 season and counted as a regular-season win for the Bulldogs and an exhibition loss for the Buffaloes.
MaCio Teague added 15 points for UNC Asheville (6-4), while Donovan Gilmore added 13 points and grabbed 16 rebounds. The Bulldogs were 31 of 67 from the field (46 percent), including 11 of 26 from 3-point range (42 percent).
UNC Asheville will take a week off, returning to host Western Carolina on Sunday.
David Casaday knocked down 4 of 9 from deep and finished with 16 points to lead Milligan, while Aaron Levarity added 12 points and seven rebounds.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
This year's CES is jam-packed with various virtual reality announcements, but expect 360 imagery to make way for much simpler and more accessible VR180 technology.
Since the launch of Cardboard in 2014, Google has been attempting to make immersive video and VR gaming cheaper and more available to the layman, but now it wants to take the hassle out of the filming process.
Google and its new Daydream team have been working with several tech giants to launch 'point-and-shoot' VR180 cameras that will arrive in the coming months.
Perhaps the most interesting thing about these new cameras is that they aren't 360-degree cameras. Yes, they each possess two lenses, but they're aligned on the front of the thin, rectangular-shaped units instead of being situated on the front and back.
Classic form factor
Image 1 of 3 Image 2 of 3 Image 3 of 3
The reason for this design choice is to capture the depth required to bring your memories to life while retaining a classic form factor.
One such example us the Horizon VR180 from Yi Technology (above), which will be announced at this year's tech extravaganza in Las Vegas and its stereoscopic snapper will be able to capture 5.7k resolution photos and video at 30fps, live stream with the push of a single button and capture a professional grade soundtrack with its four microphone layout and outdoor noise reduction.
Footage captured will also be compatible with YouTube and Google Photos, while users can also view all of the content in 2D.
Other notable additions include a 2.2-inch, 640 x 360 retina touchscreen and the inclusion of a Type-C USB port with HD speed data transmission.
Image 1 of 3 Image 2 of 3 Image 3 of 3
Lenovo's Mirage camera features dual 13MP cameras with fisheye optics with a field of view covering 180 x 180 degrees allowing you to capture both stereoscopic photos and videos. Unlike the Horizon VR180 from Yi Technology, the Mirage doesn't feature a rear display, but there is a Phone SW for VR180 companion app available - otherwise, the controls are limited to a power button, function button and shutter button. The Wi-Fi version of the camera will be available for under $300.
Google has also revealed that a user-friendly camera from LG will be available later in the year and Panasonic is building VR180 support for some future cameras with a new add-on.
When YouTube announced it would support the new VR180 format last year, many thought it would be the beginning of a movement, but a lack of compatible cameras has seen many 'creators' shy away from the technology.
Clay Bavor, Vice President, Virtual and Augmented Reality at Google says that the cameras available today, "capture flat 360 footage that doesn't create a realistic sense of depth". But the new crop of VR180 cameras will allow users to, "point and shoot to take crisp, three-dimensional photos and videos of the world in wide angle, ultra HD 4K resolution," he explains.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United youngster Angel Gomes is facing the wrath of the fans after 'liking' a picture of Manchester City's derby celebrations.
The teenager was caught out after he apparently showed his support for Brahim Diaz's Instagram post following the derby, which was captioned "Manchester is blue!"
The image showed the Manchester City players congratulating each other after their massive 2-1 victory over the Red Devils on the pitch at Old Trafford.
Manchester City players including Raheem Sterling 'liked' the picture, as Citizens supporters would have probably expected.
(Image: AFP)
But there was much surprise when Gomes decided to do the same - a decision which sparked a bit of a backlash.
Responding to the 'like', one Man United fan claimed the player should be sold. The supporter added: "I don't care if he's a promising player, this is disgraceful".
(Image: brahim/Instagram)
Another Red Devils supporter added: "[It's] simply disgusting to like 'Manchester is blue' for a player (sic) from our own academy.
"10 years ago he would've been crucified by the likes of Rio [Ferdinand] and Gary [Neville], sad that we don't have characters like them anymore."
China's buying binge continued into the New Year with Tianjin Quanjian FC luring Belgian midfielder Axel Witsel away from Zenit Saint Petersburg with an 18 million euro annual pay packets, Belgian media reported Monday.
Over the four-year deal Witsel, 28, will pocket 72 million euros ($75 million) in salary at the club coached by Italian former World Cup winner Fabio Cannavaro, the 2006 world player of the year.
He joins the club in northeastern China with immediate effect, Belgian TV station RTBF said on its internet page.
Starting off his career at Standard Liege, Witsel moved to Benfica before joining Zenit and was linked to a move to Juventus before the big money Chinese bid came in.
The stalwart of Belgium's international midfield, who has 71 caps and has scored seven goals, is the latest capture by a Chinese club and comes on the heals of the December deal that makes Argentina's Carlos Tevez the highest salaried player in the world at Shanghai Shenhua, where he will earn 38 million euros a season.
Earlier in Decembre, Shanghai SIPG recruited Brazialian Oscar from Chelsea for 71 million euros.
-AFP
© Sergey Averin / Sputnik
"From a purely legal point of view, such a formula cannot be acceptable for us, neither de-jure nor de-facto," Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters on Friday. "It is unacceptable. From the legal point of view it contradicts the letter and the spirit of the Minsk agreements."The comments came shortly after the Ukrainian parliament - the Supreme Rada - approved in the first reading the bill on the reintegration of Donbass drafted by President Petro Poroshenko. The current draft of the document describes Russia as an "aggressor nation.""There is no such definition in the Minsk agreements. The Russian side is a signatory, in particular a guarantor of these accords," Peskov said.The peace deal known as the Minsk agreements was signed in February 2015 as a result of talks that involved representatives of the Kiev authorities, the self-proclaimed republics of Lugansk and Donetsk, Russia and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE).The document envisages a ceasefire, the withdrawal of heavy weapons from the zone of contact between the pro-Kiev armed forces and the local Donbass militia, an exchange of prisoners, special status for the Donbass regions, and changes to the Ukrainian constitution.In early September, Russian President Vladimir Putin called for a UN peacekeeping mission to be sent to the war-torn eastern regions of Ukraine. The mission would be deployed to the line of demarcation to protect the OSCE mission, which monitors the ceasefire.Moscow's initiative was welcomed by German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel and Chancellor Angela Merkel, but the US and Ukrainian delegations refused to discuss it in the UN Security Council, bringing about a stalemate.
Organizers of a newsroom union at the Chicago Tribune have informed its publisher that colleagues have already given such overwhelming formal support for their effort that the paper's parent company should recognize the guild voluntarily and start to negotiate a contract.
The organizers gave the Tribune's parent company, Tronc, a day to make a decision.
According to a letter from the Chicago Tribune Guild organizing committee obtained by NPR, the nascent union has received signed union authorization cards from more than 85 percent of staffers who would fall under the bargaining unit.
"Voluntary recognition would allow us to begin contract negotiations, saving the company the cost and inconvenience of a campaign and an election that will result overwhelmingly in our favor," read the letter, sent Tuesday morning to Bruce Dold, the Tribune's editor and publisher. This story will be updated with any reaction from the Tribune and Tronc.
It is quite a turnaround in fortunes for unions at Tronc, which comes from a strong anti-union background. Historically, the Tribune and its corporate owners took a strong stance against unions at the paper and in society more broadly.
More recently, Tronc fought fiercely for months against unionizing efforts at the Tribune's larger sister paper, the Los Angeles Times, yet lost badly in a lopsided vote held in January. Tronc, then controlled by Chicago investor Michael Ferro, announced it would sell the Times and The San Diego Union-Tribune less than three weeks later. That sale, to Southern California billionaire Patrick Soon-Shiong, is expected to go through in coming weeks.
Ferro is now gone from the company. He sold his controlling minority stake to McCormick Media — controlled primarily by Sargent M. McCormick-Collier, a relative of the legendary late Col. Robert McCormick who ran the Tribune and built it into a multi-platform staff.
"If the company does not recognize the Chicago Tribune Guild, we will file the signature cards tomorrow with the National Labor Relations Board, and an election will be scheduled," the organizing committee wrote in a separate note to staffers.
The Tribune's parent company, Tronc, and its corporate predecessor, Tribune, have suffered severe financial setbacks, some of them self-inflicted. That has in turn led to waves of layoffs, buyouts and cutbacks. The Chicago Tribune newsroom is perhaps a third as large as it was at its height.
In the years since it was rechristened Tronc, the company has been beset by additional controversy and internal crises, starting with a frenetic branding effort around digital innovation. In Los Angeles, the Times's new publisher, Ross Levinsohn, was sidelined by questions raised over past workplace misconduct (he took a leave and became Tronc's chief executive over its digital activities). The LA Times' new editor-in-chief, Lewis D'Vorkin, sparked a newsroom mutiny over his conversations with Disney over coverage and with his accusations that his journalists have been disloyal. He was shifted over to the digital unit in February and left the company earlier this month.
The company created an uproar with plans to create a large separate digital newsroom that would have generated a vast new output of online content outside the company's newspapers, including the Chicago Tribune, the LA Times, the Baltimore Sun, South Florida Sun-Sentinel, Hartford Courant, and other big metro dailies.
A senior Chicago Tribune editor, Metro Editor Mark Jacob, announced on April 5 he was leaving the company and tweeted: "... owners and managers of media companies must embrace a mission of journalism as public service, invest in their people and show bravery and independence. Our democracy depends on it."
Some digital newsrooms and smaller newspapers have been seeking union representation as well. Union efforts recently have popped up at some surprising newsrooms — including the digital outlet Mic, the satiric publication The Onion, the Casper (Wyoming) Star-Tribune, and the Missoula, Mont., Independent.
If the union is recognized by Tronc voluntarily, or wins it in a vote overseen by federal labor regulators, the guild would represent about 280 nonmanagement employees at the Tribune, its sister Spanish-language daily, Hoy, the entertainment-oriented tabloid RedEye and four suburban publications.
Adi #Hütter 's first press conference as Eintracht head coach is under way! #SGE pic.twitter.com/LQgF1jzzIk
@FrediBobic1971: "We quickly identified Adi as a suitable candidate. We held very positive talks with him and Young Boys. His CV, his personality, his philosophy - it was an easy decision for us."#SGE pic.twitter.com/y9mHoP8iJ3
17:16
Quiz fun for the first Bank Holiday of 2017....
If you're still groggy from a New Year's Eve pub crawl, we've got the perfect activity for you.
See how many of these Cambridge pubs you can name!
Take the quiz here.
Here's one to get you going....
Update 11.35am: POLICE have arrived at Bangalow, warning protesters to move out of the way for council workers.
Bangalow Chamber of Commerce president Jo Millar said one man has already been removed from the area due to his "aggressive nature" while dealing with the police.
"The police have said to us while they acknowledge our right to protest that we can't interfere with the council workers," Mrs Millar said.
"They've said, 'too bad, tough luck, it's not our problem, Council have got a job to do and you just need to get out of their way'."
Council staff will shortly begin their work down the street and cars that are obstructing their works will have to be moved.
Update 11am: PRESIDENT of the Bangalow Chamber of Commerce, Jo Millar, said the community will not give up: "It's not over till the fat lady sings and there is no fat lady in sight".
"We are looking at taking out an injunction against council and I have made a formal complaint to the RMS," Mrs Millar said.
"The process by which the decision to bring paid parking into Bangalow was actually unlawful.
"Which ever way you cut it that's the truth of it and they can't escape that and we have the truth on our side."
Mrs Millar said she was heading to a meeting with the council this morning to talk with various heads of departments.
"I believe this can be resolved and I believe we can have a win win situation come out of it," she said.
Bangalow Chamber of Commerce president Jo Millar with protesters in Bangalow. Marc Stapelberg
The Action Army down in Bangalow this morning is said to be the group of people that signed up to be apart of the on the ground protest to actively disrupt council from completing their paid parking installation.
"It's called the Action Army, we had a rally on Saturday and there somewhere between 500-700 people and a lot of people put their hands up to be involved in the Action Army that could actively participate in stopping paid parking," Mrs Millar said.
Mrs Millar said she wasn't pleased by councils response to their rally on Saturday.
"Simon Richardson said, 'well Bangalow didn't care at the time so too bad it is going ahead'," Mrs Millar.
"Not really the sort of response you expect from your elected councillors really, very disappointing.
"It's not 10 people, or 20 people or a hundred people, its hundreds and hundreds."
Fight continues: Bangalow Chamber of Commerce president Jo Millar
Original story 10.30am: RESIDENTS in Bangalow are taking to the Main Street this morning to disrupt the installation of paid parking meters.
Each shop owner and community member have pulled up a seat where Byron Shire Council has indicated each meter will be placed.
Local newsagent in Bangalow, Carolyn Adams, even came out during the middle of her hair appointment to get involved in the protest.
"I am very opposed to paid parking in Bangalow because it's not something the community wants," Mrs Adams said.
"It's certainly not something I want as a business owner because I think it will be very detrimental to my business."
"The bottom line is the people in Bangalow don't want it either."
Mrs Adams has been in town since 7am this morning to strategically park her car in order to block council workers from gaining access to the kerb on Bangalow Road.
She said she can't understand why the council had decided to go ahead when there was such strong opposition within the community.
"Byron Shire Council conducted a survey which I understand the results of that survey were that 62 per cent of the community don't want paid parking here," Mrs Adams said.
"I don't understand why a postal survey for marriage equality that results in 62 per cent means the government brings in marriage equality and yet a 62 per cent vote our Byron Shire council just ignores the people."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steven N'Zonzi has told Sevilla he wants to leave, putting Arsenal on red alert.
The Frenchman has long been a target for the Gunners and now it seems he is ready to push for a move back to the Premier League.
The 29-year-old, who is currently competing at the World Cup with France, is especially keen to reunite with former boss Unai Emery, according to The Sun.
N'Nonzi has a £35million release clause in his contract and Arsenal will need to cough up if they're serious about signing the midfielder.
Arsenal will have competition for the Sevilla star, however, with Juventus also apparently interested in acquiring his services.
(Image: Aitor Alcalde Colomer/Getty Images)
(Image: Adam Pretty/Getty Images)
Arsenal and Liverpool receive major boost in pursuit of Portugal star Gelson Martins
Gelson Martins will not leave Sporting for Benfica this summer - handing Premier League clubs a transfer boost, writes Mirror Football's Danny Wittenberg.
The Sporting winger - home from the World Cup after making just one substitute appearance as the Euro 2016 winners crashed out to Uruguay - is a free agent after terminating his contract in Lisbon.
Gelson was one of several players who left Sporting due to safety concerns.
On the eve of their Portuguese Cup Final, a group of ultras invaded the club's training ground and attacked players and staff following their failure to qualify for the Champions League.
(Image: AFP)
As a result, a number of clubs have seemingly thrown their hats in the ring to sign 23-year-old and at one stage it appeared the winger was set for a controversial move to major rivals Benfica.
However, Arsenal, Tottenham Hotspur, Chelsea and Liverpool are all understood to be interested in signing the youngster, who scored 24 goals in 96 games for Sporting and their reserves.
Now the quartet of English clubs have received a massive boost after the player's agent, Ulisses Santos, set the record straight about the chances of Gelson jumping ship in the Portuguese league.
Andre Gomes on Arsenal radar as 'Unai Emery prepares £30m move for Barcelona midfielder'
Arsenal boss Unai Emery is reportedly preparing to ditch other targets in a bid to finance a move for Barcelona's Andre Gomes, writes Mirror Football's Jacob Murtagh.
Emery has already added Stefan Lichtsteiner, Bernd Leno and Sokratis Papastathopoulos to his squad as he looks to make his mark at the Emirates.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
And now it appears Gomes is on his radar as he ponders a £30million move for the Portuguese midfielder, according to the Independent.
The 24-year-old made 31 appearances in all competitions for the Catalans last season and Emery could offer him regular first-team football in north London.
Deja vu
Turkey was already reeling under terrorist attacks when the year came to a close Another one on the new year's eve that killed over 39 does not bode well for 2017. The incident is all the more painful because Turkey is a friendly country which has helped Pakistan during the 2005 earthquake and the 2010 floods. Pakistan has itself faced the scourge for over a decade and has acquired a modicum of proficiency in dealing with terrorist networks, though it cannot be claimed that it has decisively put an end to terrorism. Islamabad needs to provide Turkey whatever support it can. It should particularly exchange intelligence and share its expertise with Ankara
What is happening in Turkey would give many Pakistanis a sense of déjà vus. As Turkey got embroiled in the Syrian civil war, it trained, armed and patronized some of the terrorist networks which were fighting against the Bashar al-Assad regime. By opening its borders to foreign fighters trying to reach Syria, it inadvertently supported the rise of the ISIS. As Erdoğan abruptly changed policy and joined hands with Russia and Iran, the ISIS trained its guns on Turkey. Last week the network released a video showing how it burnt two Turkish soldiers alive. Among other things Turkey has to bear the burden of 2.5 million Syrian refugees. Like Pakistan Turkey too faces an ethnic question. In 2015, Erdoğan renewed a stalled war with Kurdish militants who then initiated a chain of terrorist attacks in Turkish cities.
Turkey was on a rising trajectory till Erdoğan started using the religious card, became increasingly authoritarian and dragged the country into the Syrian quagmire. The policies polarised the Turks. The subsequent spurt in terrorist attacks has taken the toll of the country's multi-billion dollar tourist industry and scared away investors. It is feared that the latest attack would be used by Erdoğan as an excuse for getting a freer hand to expand his crackdown on opponents and shut down whatever free media still exists.
Days after his wife's death, former President George H.W. Walker is hospitalized with several serious complications, according to multiple news reports.
George H.W. Bush is awake, alert and talking after he was admitted to intensive care earlier this week, a family spokesman said Tuesday, April 24.
Bush, 93, was admitted to the Houston Methodist Hospital Sunday morning after contracting an infection that spread to his blood, family spokesman Jim McGrath said, a day after a funeral was held for his wife, Barbara Bush.
According to McGrath, the 41st President has said he is determined to get healthy and get to Maine this summer. On Monday, McGrath said former President Bush was "responding to treatments and appears to be recovering."
According to a source close to the former Republican President, Bush was admitted to the hospital with an infection that led to sepsis, which can be life-threatening. He was in critical condition, the source said.
Bush revealed several years ago he suffers from a form of Parkinson's disease, which has left him unable to walk, so he gets around either in a wheelchair or a scooter.
The former President's hospitalization is especially upsetting for his family because it follows so closely on the death of his wife of 73 years last Tuesday, as reported here by Daily Voice.
"Right after a big loss -- certainly like he has had -- there is some data that shows that some people can develop problems with immunity and become more susceptible to infections," CNN chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta said in this news report. "Infections they otherwise would have been able to fight become more serious."
The day after his wife's death, the former President paid tribute to her in a statement:
"I always knew Barbara was the most beloved woman in the world, and in fact I used to tease her that I had a complex relationship about that fact. But the truth is the outpouring of love and friendship being directed at The Enforcer is lifting us all up," Bush said, using her nickname.
"We have faith she is in heaven, and we know that life will go on -- as she would have it. So cross the Bushes off your worry list."
George H.W. Bush was born in Milton, Mass., but moved as a young child with his family to Greenwich.
The 41st president, was raised in the Bush family home on Grove Lane in the Dearfield Park area off West Putnam Avenue and close to the Greenwich Library.
Bush's father, Prescott, was a U.S. senator from Connecticut from 1952 to 1963.
George H. W. Bush went to Greenwich Country Day School before attending boarding school at Phillips Academy in Andover, Mass. At the age of 18, he volunteered to serve his country after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, and he became one of the youngest aviators in the U.S. Navy.
He served with distinction and was rescued by a submarine when his torpedo bomber was shot down after attacking a Japanese-held island.
While in the Navy, Bush married Barbara Pierce on Jan. 6, 1945, in Rye. They met in 1941 during the Christmas holidays at a country club dance in Greenwich.
After the war, Bush attended Yale University in New Haven, where his son, George W. Bush was born on campus in 1946. He remains the only president born in the Nutmeg State.
George H.W. Bush later moved his young family to Texas and made his fortune in the oil business before entering into Republican politics.
He became vice president in 1980 under Ronald Reagan, and followed Reagan as president in 1988. He lost a bid for re-election in 1992 to Bill Clinton, who settled in nearby Chappaqua after his two terms in office.
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
Grapevine pitcher Connor Neuman said he and his teammates were never nervous in Game 3 elimination scenarios. Richard W. Rodriguez rrodriguez@star-telegram.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hero police officers jumped into a freezing river in a desperate bid to save a young girl who was in an allegedly stolen car that went into the water.
Kiara Moore was pulled from the silver Mini by officers but was pronounced dead after being rushed to hospital.
A frantic search was launched on Monday afternoon after the toddler's mum Kim Rowlands wrote on Facebook that her car was missing with her daughter inside.
Police later confirmed the girl had been rushed to hospital after the car was found in the River Teifi in Cardigan, South Wales.
But officers announced that Kiara, who was set to celebrate her third birthday next week, died in hospital on Monday night despite efforts to save her.
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: @iglwy/Twitter)
Her father Jethro Moore wrote on Facebook: "Thank you all for your help this evening
"A mega thank you the officers who jumped in the river and the rest of the emergency services for all they did.
"Unfortunately Kiara had an amazing but short life."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Deputy Chief Constable Darren Davies wrote on Twitter: "Tragic outcome and sincerest condolences to the family.
"Incredible bravery and selflessness shown by officers who entered the water and rescued the child."
In her original appeal, Ms Rowlands wrote on Facebook: "Can everyone look out for the car, It's been stolen with my 3-year-old daughter in it. Please share!"
She said the car had been taken from the Newcastle Emlyn area.
(Image: @iglwy/Twitter)
Her sister Nicola made a similar plea writing: "My sister's car was stolen from Carmarthenshire with my 3 year old niece inside, please share and get my niece home safe!"
Dyfed-Powys Police also shared an appeal saying they had received a report of the car going missing from the old Scout Hall at around 3.30pm on Monday.
The Mid and West Wales Fire and Rescue Service and RNLI and Coastguard teams were called in to help.
At around 6pm, police confirmed the car had been found in the River Teifi with a little girl inside.
(Image: @iglwy/Twitter)
Kiara was airlifted to University Hospital of Wales in Cardiff by Welsh Air Ambulance, but was later pronounced dead.
No arrests were made in connection with the incident. Police continue to investigate the circumstances.
Dyfed-Powys Police said in a statement: "Sadly, we confirm that Kiara Moore, aged 2 (27/3/15) was pronounced dead at the UHW, Cardiff last night, having being recovered from a car in the River Teifi, Cardigan yesterday afternoon (19th March 2018).
"Kiara's family is being supported by specialist officers.
"We're investigating the circumstances surrounding this tragic incident and appeal for witnesses who may have seen the silver Mini enters the river between 3:30pm and 4:50pm on the afternoon of Monday, 19th March to call."
Ceredigion Assembly Member Elin Jones was among those who paid tribute to Kiara, writing on Twitter: "Awful news in Cardigan. A young, innocent life taken so tragically.
"Thank you to those who tried to save her, and our thoughts are with all who loved her.
"Colled ifanc sy'n tristáu cymuned. R.I.P Kiara Moore."
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
It's pretty obvious that Santa would be lost with no Mrs. Claus by his side! Check out Sputnik's photo gallery featuring women in red-and-white suits spreading the festive spirit of Christmas.
With Christmas and the New Year just around the corner, the number of holiday-themed events, such as the Santa Sunday skiing bash, New York's SantaCon and annual Fun Run held across the globe, is growing at an exponential rate. Let's take a look at Santa's perfect counterparts from different parts of the world.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Where do I start?
Should I call for a change at the management level?
Not quite yet.
Do I call for investment in the transfer window?
Without doubt.
Social media made for interesting reading, and participating in, after the defeat at Cheltenham Town on Saturday.
The majority of people were calling for the manager's head immediately.
I wasn't one of them, but if we haven't picked up by the end of the New Year's Day game at home to Grimsby Town then I believe that change would be inevitable.
The reasons for our poor form are many, but who discussing ‘who is to blame' always stirs up a real hornets' nest of opinions.
For what it's worth, I feel the over-dependence on our summer signings isn't helping with our cause – which includes the fielding of ‘The Michael Owen of League Two' in midfield.
Trying to shoehorn footballers into different positions just to prove a point isn't a good solution.
Also, making too many changes to tactics and personnel game-to-game – unless it is enforced through injuries – makes it difficult to achieve any consistent performance.
The old chestnut of the club's academy, whether what it is producing is worth the money spent on it, always comes up when we are in this mess, and the pros and cons get thoroughly debated.
I am still in the ‘pro' camp but understand fans who are against it and believe it hinders the first team.
Personally, I think it still provides us with the best chance we have of improving the first team with players who could take us forward.
In recent weeks we have been fielding fewer homegrown players in the first team – maybe we'd do better with more?
Whichever way you look at it, investment in the January transfer window is a must – if only to prove to supporters that the board are serious about making sure the club doesn't get relegated.
I'd like to see players with pace introduced into the side, so my instructions to the club's scouts would find me a footballing Usain Bolt!
The battle to turn that never ending corner in League Two goes on.
We must stay in the Football League for us to survive as a club.
My Christmas wish is for David Artell to turn it around.
Our Animal Magic feature showcases the funniest, cutest and daftest pet pics from across the area. So why not paws for thought and check out this week's motley crew?
Want your pet to feature? Send a photograph with your name, your pet's name and a few details about it (such as age etc) and where you're from to christina.massey@jpress.co.uk. Follow-on Twitter using #AnimalMagic Please note this is not a competition, it's just for fun!
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart has been named recipient of the Maxwell Football Club's Collegiate Coach of the Year Award, the club announced Friday.
Smart guided the Bulldogs to the their first Southeastern Conference championship since 2005 as well as an overtime loss to Alabama in the College Football Playoff national title game.
"Coach Smart has engineered a tremendous season for the University of Georgia football program," The Maxwell Club's executive director Mark Wolpert said in a statement. "The team's 13-2 record is a great testament to the hard work of Coach and his staff, and also to the dedication shown by the student-athletes involved in the program. Winning the SEC Championship and taking eventual national champion Alabama into overtime in one of the most exciting games in memory are just amazing accomplishments for everyone associated with the Georgia football program."
Smart, in his second season at Georgia, is the first Georgia coach to win the award since the first one was handed out in 1989.
SO, WATCHING THE opening weekend of the Allianz Leagues, I reached a state of total thoughtless presence, an awareness of being at one with my surroundings, a sensation of total mindfulness.
How was it for you?
Now this was quite unplanned. I knew, for example, that Cork versus Kilkenny in the new Páirc would be good, but I didn't expect spiritual nirvana. I'm not Tommy Walsh.
I'll get to how 2018′s introductory offering of inter-county fare brought me to a place of meditative zen in a moment.
But first to say that I'm the last person to go along with this mindfulness stuff. It's not that I'm cynical about new age guff claiming people can sort their lives out by sitting on a bean bag listening to whale noises.
It's just that I'm too easily distracted.
I have tried it. Mainly because pretty much all the successful people who I admire most practice meditation of some kind or another, namely Oprah Winfrey, Jerry Seinfeld and Sam Allardyce.
Look how zen Big Sam is? Source: S&G and Barratts/EMPICS Sport
Yes, Sam Allardyce.
I do transcendental meditation and I have done for 12, 14 years now,” he said in 2016 while frogmarching Sunderland to Premier League safety. “It's very relaxing, very calming and you can do it anywhere. It helps you cope with the pressure you come under in this job.”
So there.
Also, I heard last year that the Department of Education had introduced basic mindfulness practices to help children focus in class, with very positive results. Given that kids are generally quick to see through pointless adult bullshit, this was endorsement enough for me.
Surely if your average seven-year-old can park their most pressing concerns (Match Attax…FIFA…Sugar…Nerf…Candy Crush…Lego Ninjago!…Sugarrrrrrr…) then so could I.
Easier said than done. There are far too many things grasping for your attention in modern life to achieve total oneness with the moment. You are no sooner feeling the sensation of your toes on the floor and hearing the rustling of the wind in the trees than you suddenly find yourself checking Twitter and – hah! – Simpsons Quote of the Day…brilliant! Now where was I?
But while knee-deep in last weekend's bumper program of televised matches, I suddenly found the path to enlightened thinking. Mindfulness – according to some random self-help website I just Googled, is “a nonjudgmental quality of mind which does not anticipate the future or reflect back on the past”.
Could there be a more perfect description of how best to enjoy the national leagues?
Take last Sunday's thrill-a-minute dust-up between Kerry and Donegal, which the Kingdom edged by a late point after a second half that swung this way and that.
At the outset this was a meeting between a Michael Murphy-less Donegal – basically like Queen without Freddie Mercury – and a Kerry team made up of muscular lounge boys, burdened by the high expectations of a big Killarney crowd.
As it turned out, both camps were able to take much from the match. It looks pretty unlikely that David Clifford is going to go down the Freddy Adu route, while in Sean O'Shea Kerry have another tyro titan on the way. Meanwhile the return of Odhran MacNiallais with his Flubber boots means Donegal have got real ball-winning quality in the middle of the field, and Paddy McBrearty looks set for a big year.
But there you go, reflecting on the past and anticipating the future again. Forgetting that the league has a terrible habit of making a fool of you.
I recall last year a TV colleague who'd worked on most of Donegal's league games for eir Sport suggesting that the impressive form of Rory Gallagher's men made them his Championship dark horses. The words of my man-in-the-know rang pretty hollow come mid-summer and the disembowellings by Tyrone and Galway.
And then there's the fact what's on show at this time of year is often almost a different sport than what we'll see in the summer. Yes, last weekend was unseasonably pleasant, but at some point in the next six weeks there will be matches that look like outtakes from a 1950s B-movie called ‘They Came From the Swamp!'
Also, most top teams will require panels the size of NFL rosters for this season's souped-up Championship, so it's likely this year's league will be like the early X-Factor auditions, filled with eager hopefuls of uneven quality.
Liam Langton of Offaly tries to beat Dublin's Alan Nolan. Source: Ryan Byrne/INPHO
No, that game, like all others at this time of year, needed to be savoured on its own merits. Of course, you couldn't but reflect on the past while watching the Offaly hurlers' stirring win over Dublin in Croke Park, given the time that passed since their swaggering '90s heyday and the depths to which they'd sink since that team walked the earth.
But then the doubts would start sneaking in. A Dublin team full of unfamiliar names and knee-deep in mucky winter work, was that really a scalp to celebrate?
Shut up, shut up, shut up! Just let me enjoy these crying Offaly people.
And that was the way to do it. Push out those intrusive thoughts. Stop asking yourself what this really means, and how much can we read into it and how, if this is what the Dublin footballers are like after a few weeks on the lash in South Africa, then what's the point of anything at all?
Just breathe in, feel centred in your own body, be totally in the moment and enjoy lots of really good games between really good teams of roughly the same ability, who are at a pretty high fitness level even this early in the season and who will fight tooth and nail even if it is only a couple of measly league points, because that's just the way they are.
And exhale. If it's good enough for Big Sam…
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
KABUL (Pajhwok): A number of residents of southern Ghazni province on Wednesday said electoral districts in the province should be created in a way that no ethnic group's rights were violated, otherwise there would be protests.
The Independent Election Commission (IEC) on June 25 announced dividing southern Ghazni province into three separate electoral constituencies for the upcoming elections.
The decision to divide Ghazni into separate constituencies came as protestors kept the provincial IEC office in Ghazni City closed for two months. The IEC said 11 Wolesi Jirga seats allotted for Ghazni had been divided into three constituencies.
The Wolesi Jirga and district council elections are scheduled for October 20. Except Ghazni, all other provinces are single electoral constituency.
Ghazni becomes the first province to be divided into separate constituencies for the Oct 20 Wolesi Jirga and district council elections.
The IEC recently announced the final list of Wolesi Jirga candidates, but there was no one among them from Ghazni because the IEC office had been closed there.
Enayat Naser, a resident of Qarabagh district of Ghazni, told a press conference in Kabul on Wednesday that they had previously suggested the IEC to divide Ghazni into 11 constituencies, but the commission rejected it.
“Unfortunately we were informed two days ago that a discriminatory decision had been made behind closed doors and in our absence. They divided Ghazni in three constituencies the way which violates the rights of two ethnic groups out of three.”
Naser did not provide more details about the IEC decision and said that constituencies in Ghazni had been divided based on the province's geography instead of ethnic groups.
“If this decision is not changed, we will stage civil movements and close the IEC gate in Kabul and Ghazni and stop election affairs in Ghazni,” he warned.
Ahmad Bilal Wajid Rahimyar, another resident of Ghazni, said that the IEC decision regarding Ghazni violated the rights of Pashtun and Tajik ethnic groups the way their rights were violated in last elections when all 11 representatives of the province were elected from a single ethnic group, Hazara.
Rahimyar said second vice-president, Mohammad Sarwar Danish, had influenced the IEC decision using his authority in the government. He said Danish tried to again elect all representatives of Ghazni only from Hazara tribe.
The IEC spokesman on Tuesday said that the decision regarding Ghazni had been made in consultations with Mohammad Sarwar Danish and with agreement of his views.
However, the second VP office rejected the claim and said Danish had no influence over the IEC and he had not advised the IEC about the move.
Sayed Hafizullah Hashemi, secretary and spokesman of the IEC, said all commissioners had been present in the making of the decision about constituencies in Ghazin province.
Some commissioners supported two constituencies and others supported three, but finally the IEC reached agreement over dividing Ghazni into three constituencies, he said.
He did not provide more details about the decision and said the election schedule would be announced in near future.
mds/ma
This time of year can be stressful for high school juniors. Between the ACT, SAT and the start of their college search, it can be daunting for both students and parents.But a new program called "Overgrad" aims to help take some of that stress away. It was designed and developed in Chicago and is free for all students.Overgrad co-creator Ryan Hoch, who was recently named "30 Under 30" by Forbes magazine, explained how the program came about and how it works.He also shared five tips for students starting the college process:1. Create a list of colleges where you plan to apply.2. Start writing your personal statement.3. Choose two or three people who you know can write you strong letters of recommendation.4. Start researching general and school-specific scholarships options.5. Sign-up and study for the ACT/SAT if you plan to retake either. CLICK HERE to learn more about Overgrad.
New Delhi: The Virat Kohli-led Team India clinched the three-match series against Sri Lanka after they won the third and final match in Kandy by an innings and 171 runs.
Sri Lanka skipper Dinesh Chandimal declared the Test series which ended Monday in a whitewash by India to be the worst of his career.
For Sri Lanka it was their second successive innings defeat and another blow for a side beset by injury woes and leadership changes.
Chandimal was appointed Test captain after Angelo Mathews stood down last month in the wake of a humiliating one-day series loss to Zimbabwe.
But the thrashing by India on home soil was a low for the veteran of 39 Test matches.
"Toughest series no doubt in my career," he told reporters.
"We were not able to take the games to five days. There have been four-day Tests and three-day Tests. Worst series ever."
"Credit goes to India. They have played outstandingly well in the series... losing within two and half days you cannot give any excuses."
Sri Lanka, who swept Australia 3-0 at home last year, struggled during this series as key players were ruled out with injuries.
Bowling mainstay Rangana Herath was absent in the final Test, while injuries kept all-rounder Asela Gunaratne and paceman Nuwan Pradeep on the bench.
Chandimal said injuries dogged some of his best players, including Pradeep, Suranga Lakmal, Herath and Gunaratne.
"I would say the main concern is injuries. The Australia series, we had everyone fit," he said.
"I don't want to give excuses. We have to perform better than this," he said, apologising to home fans.
Cpl. Timothy Dykes, a field radio operator with Special Purpose Marine Air-Ground Task Force Crisis Response-Africa, passes a box to Cpl. Ryan Fratto, a field radio operator with SPMAGTF-CR-AF, at a soup kitchen in Catania, Italy, Dec. 29, 2016. Marines and sailors volunteered their time to help clean up the area and serve food during the holiday season. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Alexander Mitchell/released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.29.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 09:26 Photo ID: 3083002 VIRIN: 161229-M-ML847-101 Resolution: 5760x3840 Size: 11.88 MB Location: CATANIA, IT Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Marines, sailors volunteer at soup kitchen in Italy [Image 1 of 12], by Cpl Alexander Mitchell, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Keith Chegwin was hailed as "national treasure" by comedian Ricky Gervais this afternoon.
The star died last night after a ''long-term battle with a progressive lung condition."
But despite the 60 year old's tragic end, Gervais was keen to share a funny memory with the TV legend from their time filming Extras.
"So sad to hear about the death of the lovely & funny Keith Chegwin. RIP you National Treasure. #PopKnobInFanny," Ricky tweeted shortly after news of Chegwin's death broke.
(Image: Wenn)
(Image: Youtube)
The 'Pop Knob In Fanny' sketch was just a short skit but in a blooper reel from the BBC series, Chegwin explained that it took FOUR hours to film.
"I've just done the most unprofessional job in my whole career - I've done nothing but laugh through the whole day," Chegwin said.
"Men have knobs, women have fannies," Chegwin says in the sketch, using his fingers to make the motion.
"Pop knob in fanny," he said, keeping a straight face.
But Gervais couldn't stand it - and burst out laughing straight away.
(Image: Youtube)
(Image: Youtube)
"I do this little scene with my finger and this being an orifice," Chegwin explained.
"And keep poking like this, and I can't tell you I was sweating buckets.
"On the TV it takes about 30 seconds but here in the studio it's taken about four hours," he laughed.
Gervais chortled: "This is madness."
Chegwin's appearance on the series as himself alongside Les Dennis and Barry from EastEnders was a big hit with fans.
He worked with Gervais again in his series Life's Too Short with Warwick Davies.
KIRKLAND LAKE -
The race for a spot on council just got larger than Mike Romain has placed his hat into the ring.
Romain says he wants to become a town councilor because he is very much interested in what is happening within the municipality.
"As one of the people to start the Kirkland Lake Taxpayers Association I have been very interested in our municipal politics. I feel it is time for a change in council. We need diversity in our council members. I am a lifelong resident of kl and want to help grow and improve the town."
It should be pointed out Romain is one of a handful of people who regularly attends council meetings and he has voiced his concerns to council on more than one occasion.
As for the issues, Romain states there is one in particular that has to be changed. "We need more transparency when it comes to our town. We need more input from our citizens and we need to listen to their ideas. We need to focus on the positive and not so much on the negatives."
And Romain feels there are many positives for the community.
"I see future growth with business and families. We need more community involvement with many things. bring back gold daze or car club meets, local clubs to get involved more with communities again. we have great citizens that step up in times of need all the time but in between those times we don't all stand together I believe we need to do that again."
As for what he can contribute to council, Romain states, " I am an open minded person, a fresh mind for council. I am easy to talk to and I can also ask the right sometimes hard questions."
Jared Leto is back on stage and, not surprisingly, in Gucci armor.
The American actor and Thirty Seconds to Mars lead vocalist, who has fronted the Gucci Guilty fragrance campaign and often wears the label on the red carpet, is continuing the partnership with the Italian brand by donning a selection of Gucci pieces during his band's newest tour.
Named “The Monolith Tour,” the trip kicked off last week in Basel, Switzerland, and will touch base in over 70 cities across Europe and North America through Sept. 8.
During the first legs of the tour, Leto performed onstage sporting different looks, including a Gucci spring red plaid double-breasted coat worn over a light blue button down silk shirt and orange jogging pants with side stripes. Styled with metallic leather high-top sneakers, this was the ensemble Leto donned on Saturday in Bologna, Italy.
The day before, the singer opted for a black suede cape embellished with leather and python embroideries and a peak lapel pinstripe suit with gold sequins for his concert at the PalaLottomatica venue in Rome.
Earlier last week, Leto also performed at the AccorHotels Arena in Paris combining a purple, printed silk shirt with embroidered collar with red-and-white track pants with the “Loved” signing on the side and metallic leather high top sneakers.
This week, the tour will touch base in the Netherlands, Belgium and the U.K.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Students have criticised a Cambridge University college for forking out £5,000 on a desk.
Pembroke College splashed out the 'crowdfunded' cash to buy the desk once used by former student and Poet Laureate Ted Hughes.
Students hit out at the purchase citing how much the university already spends on wine at over £3 million a year and the Vice-Chancellor's £1,000 a day salary.
And critics in student newspaper The Tab said the money could have been spent on two more Cambridge bursaries, 325 more library books or 40 more sports grants - or fixing the heating in student accomodation.
Evie Aspinall, Pembroke student future CUSU (Cambridge University Students Union) President, told The Tab: "I can think of many better ways to spend £5,000. Putting it towards functioning college Wi-Fi or fixing the heating in my house would be a great place to start."
The college set up a crowdfunding website to buy the desk and offered “rewards” to generous which included a pack of six notecards of the Ted Hughes-inspired stained glass windows and a tour of the college library.
Donors who gave £500 or more were given the chance to sit and write at the desk, while for gifts of £1,000 or more, there was also the opportunity to enjoy a meal at the high table and a night's ‘free' accommodation.
The page aimed to raise £5,000 and succeeded in raising a total of £5,565.
A statement on the college website says: "Thanks to generous donations Pembroke has been able to acquire Ted Hughes's writing desk and chair.
"The desk and chair join an existing collection of manuscripts, books and artworks by and about Ted Hughes, who was a student at Pembroke in 1951.
"The most visible of these are the Yamada room windows, inscribed with Hughes's poems and illustrations of animals.
"The desk and chair are an exciting addition, and we hope they will be an inspiration for future poets and readers of Hughes's poems. Thank you to Mark Wormald, Pembroke Fellow and Ted Hughes specialist, and Patricia Aske, College Librarian, for bringing them to Pembroke."
Dr Mark Wormald, the academic behind the project, told The Tab: "What could be more inspiring to future generations of Pembroke students and writers than to have Ted Hughes's own writing desk and chair beside them as they read, study, compose?"
A post on the crowdfunding page today (April 24) said the desk had now been installed in the college library and two students writing dissertations on Ted Hughes were "visibly moved" to see it.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool are hoping to quickly complete a deal to bring Ajax wonderkid Ki-Jana Hoever to Anfield.
Right-back Hoever has been training at Kirkby Academy this week - with his contract at the Dutch giants running out at the end of last season.
The 16-year-old managed 13 appearances for Ajax's under 17 side last season, scoring twice.
Hoever had been a part of the Ajax set-up since he was 12 - having been snapped up from rivals AZ Alkmaar, as reported by the Liverpool Echo.
Hoever, who has been capped at under 16 and 17 level for Holland, is a versatile defender who can also play at centre back if required.
(Image: AFC Ajax/Youtube)
Liverpool have already bolstered their Academy ranks with some exciting signings this summer.
England Under-17s striker Bobby Duncan was snapped up from Manchester City. The lifelong Reds fan is the cousin of Kop legend Steven Gerrard.
(Image: Bongarts)
(Image: Bongarts)
The Reds have also secured the services of Isaac Christie-Davies from Chelsea. The 20-year-old midfielder completed a free transfer after impressing on trial towards the end of last season.
Detectives have launched a murder investigation after a young man's body was found in a popular Huntingdon park.
A member of the public found the body in a wooded area of Hinchingbrooke Country Park at 1.40pm on Thursday (February 1).
The body has since been identified as Sam Mechelewski, 20, from Huntingdon. His family have been informed and are urging those responsible to come forward to police.
A post-mortem was carried out yesterday evening (February 2), but no further details about how he died are available at this stage, police said.
Cambridge police are conducting searches close to the scene and house to house enquiries in the area.
Detective Chief Inspector Adam Gallop said: “We believe this was a targeted attack that has sadly resulted in the death of a young man.
“We're slowly piecing together Sam's movements from 8pm onwards on Wednesday (January 31). I appeal to anyone who knows Sam and saw him that evening, or anyone who was in the park and noticed anything suspicious, to contact us as a matter of urgency.”
Anyone with information regarding this incident should call police on 101 quoting CC-01022018-0198 or visit here.
Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org .
For the latest breaking news visit cambridge-news.co.uk/news/
You can also download our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.
Follow us on Twitter @CambridgeNewsUK - the official Cambridge News account - giving real news in real time.
We're also on facebook.com/cambridgenews - for must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day from the Cambridge News.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
The start of a series of executions in Arkansas has been disrupted. The state supreme court kept two death row inmates alive Monday, but a federal appeals court overturned a lower court's halt on eight lethal injections planned for the next 10 days.UPDATE: Around 6:30pm local time,Pulaski County Circuit Judge Wendell Griffen had ruled in favor of McKesson, a pharmaceutical distributor, which had protested against the use of one of its drugs for lethal injections. It was the second decision on Monday by the state's highest court welcomed by the state's attorney general.Earlier in the evening, the Arkansas Supreme Court continued its stay on the executions of Bruce Ward and Don Davis, who were scheduled to die by lethal injection Monday after 7:00pm local time. They would have been the first to be judicially killed in a series of eight executions initially scheduled to happen over the next 10 days.Other legal hurdles remain, so the executions scheduled for Monday evening will not occur.The state supreme court had stayed the executions of Ward and Davis, pending a conclusion of the US Supreme Court case McWilliams v. Dunn, which will determine if a mentally incompetent defendant must be given expert assistance independent of the prosecution.Rutledge announced her win on Twitter and followed up by vowing to appeal the state's supreme court ruling to the US Supreme Court.
Rome, December 11 - The supplement imposed on the purchase of medicines at pharmacies open at night has risen from 3.87 euro to 7.50 euro, pharmaceutical association Federfarma said Monday. The hike featured in a ministerial decree of September 22 and has been in vigour since it was published in the official journal on November 9. The system had not been altered for 25 years. The supplement for subsidized rural pharmacies - in towns of under 3,000 inhabitants - is 10 euros.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A young peregrine falcon was found with gunshot wounds on the outskirts of Cambridge - but survived the illegal act.
The baby bird was reported on September 18 to the Raptor Foundation in St Ives, who nurse injured birds of prey back to health.
They x-rayed the peregrine and discovered a pellet from an air rifle lodged in its body - meaning it had been deliberately and illegally shot.
According to vets, the bird could have been shot up to two weeks before it was discovered.
From a ring on its leg the bird was identified as one of three that fledged from a local nest in Cambridgeshire earlier this year.
It is currently being looked after at the Raptor Foundation, but vets say the bird's future is uncertain.
The foundation has alerted the RSPB and the police, who are now appealing for information.
Peregrine falcons are the fastest birds in the world, and can reach speeds of 200mph when diving for prey.
Like all birds of prey, peregrines are protected by UK law and are on the National Wildlife Crime Priority list.
Anyone found guilty of killing or harming a peregrine could face an unlimited fine, six months in jail, or both.
Chris Bowden, RSPB Cambridgeshire and the Fens Area Manager, said: "Peregrine falcons are incredible thunderbolts of evolution and most of us are thrilled when they take up residence in our cities.
"They are traditionally found on moors and upland areas, but are increasingly moving in to our cities as persecution pushes them out of their upland habitats.
"Peregrines may be the fastest birds in the world, but no peregrine falcon is a match for a gun.
"We are naturally disappointed and concerned that this bird has been deliberately shot and urge anyone with information to come forward."
PC Alun Bradshaw, of Cambridgeshire Constabulary, said: "This was a senseless act, causing injury and distress to a protected bird.
"I'd encourage anyone who has information about this incident to contact the police or the RSPB.
"Doing so might prevent other wildlife from being harmed in the same way."
If you have any information about this crime, call Cambridgeshire Police on 101 and quote reference number CF0539270917.
If you find a wild bird which you think has been illegally killed, contact RSPB investigations on 01767 680551 or fill in the RSPB's online form.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
“Arise and take our stand for freedom as in the olden time.” Winston Churchill
“Proclaim Liberty throughout All the land unto All the Inhabitants Thereof.” Inscription on the Liberty Bell
Detectives have launched a murder investigation after a young man's body was found in a popular Huntingdon park.
A member of the public found the body in a wooded area of Hinchingbrooke Country Park at 1.40pm on Thursday (February 1).
The body has since been identified as Sam Mechelewski, 20, from Huntingdon. His family have been informed and are urging those responsible to come forward to police.
A post-mortem was carried out yesterday evening (February 2), but no further details about how he died are available at this stage, police said.
Cambridge police are conducting searches close to the scene and undertaking house to house enquiries.
Detective Chief Inspector Adam Gallop said: “We believe this was a targeted attack that has sadly resulted in the death of a young man.
“We're slowly piecing together Sam's movements from 8pm onwards on Wednesday (January 31). I appeal to anyone who knows Sam and saw him that evening, or anyone who was in the park and noticed anything suspicious, to contact us as a matter of urgency.”
Anyone with information regarding this incident should call police on 101 quoting CC-01022018-0198 or visit here.
Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org .
For the latest breaking news visit cambridge-news.co.uk/news/
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
CAMP PENDLETON, Calif. -- Solar panels on Box Canyon contribute to the overall
production of renewable energy aboard the base, Oct. 6, 2017. Marine Corps Base
Camp Pendleton's next goal in the energy resiliency and energy security strategy is
to achieve higher capabilities and capacities of energy storage. (U.S. Marine Corps
video by Pfc. Noah Rudash)
The drugs were for Coughlan and maybe to share with his mates as well, the Chief Justice agreed. (File)
The drugs were for Coughlan and maybe to share with his mates as well, the Chief Justice agreed. (File) stevepb/PIXABAY
A STRAIGHT-SHOOTING cocaine user wasted nobody's time when he was busted for his illicit stash.
"This is what you're here for,” Anthony James Coughlan told police who turned up at his Birtinya property in November.
Toowoomba-born Coughlan had 25.56g of a substance and slightly more than half of it was pure cocaine.
Brisbane Supreme Court heard Coughlan could've faced jail time if found to be dealing.
But the court accepted the 26-year-old had the drugs only for himself and possibly to share with friends.
Coughlan previously said the drugs would have been worth $3500 to $4000.
Chief Justice Catherine Holmes told Coughlan if he was found with drugs again, the suspicion of commercial dealing "will be almost inevitable”.
But she added that he wrote an apology letter to the court and his work supervisor supplied a supportive, positive reference.
Coughlan's relative youth, no prior criminal history, and rehab sessions he'd been taking also earned him credit.
His family were supportive and he made an early guilty plea to one drug possession charge.
The Chief Justice said Coughlan's rehabilitation was best served if he was not jailed.
He got an 18-month jail sentence, suspended immediately, operational for three years. -NewsRegional
An accident has closed a lane on the M1 this lunchtime.
The incident happened just before 12 on the northbound carriageway between junctions 29 and 29a.
After initially closing two lanes of the carriageway, police have now managed to reopen one.
Delays are building, however, and drivers are being advised to plan ahead.
1.00PM UPDATE: The Highways Agency say accident recovery work is complete and all lanes are now running freely.
"The only things that interest me in the US are Tupac Shakur, Allen Ginsberg, and Jackson Pollock. I don't need a visa to access their work."
~ Putin advisor after he was placed on US sanctions list.
New Delhi: Rahul Gandhi, who was elected the Congress president on Monday, said that it was an honour for him to work for the ideals of the party and through it for the country.
"A heartfelt thank you to everyone for the tremendous support and good wishes you have showered on me. It is an honour for me to work for the ideals of the Congress party and through it for our great country," official account of the office of Rahul tweeted.
A heartfelt thank you to everyone for the tremendous support and good wishes you have showered on me. It is an honour for me to work for the ideals of the Congress party and through it for our great country. — Office of RG (@OfficeOfRG) December 11, 2017
Rahul will take over the reins of the party from his mother Sonia Gandhi, who steered it through success and failure for 19 years, the longest in the party's 132-year history, on December 16.
Mullappally Ramachandran, the chief of the Congress's central election authority, announced Gandhi's election, the last day for withdrawal of nominations, when the 47-year- old leader, was busy canvassing for the party in Gujarat.
"Since the withdrawal of date/time is over and as there is only one candidate (Rahul), as per Article XVII (d) of the Constitution of Indian National Congress, I hereby declare Shri Rahul Gandhi elected as president of the Indian National Congress," Ramachandran told a press conference.
Altogether 89 sets of nominations were filed for the election to the top post and all were on behalf of Rahul.
His elevation comes close to five years after he was appointed party vice president in January 2013.
Before Rahul, other members of the family who occupied the post of Congress president were Motilal Nehru, Jawaharlal Nehru, Indira Gandhi, Rajiv Gandhi and Sonia.
The family was at the helm of the Congress's affairs after independence for at least 38 years - Jawaharlal Nehru for more than three years, his daughter Indira and her son Rajiv for eight years each, and Sonia for 19 years.
(With Agency inputs)
2016 has been one of the worst years for race equality which I have lived through in the UK. It is quite frankly a stain on our country's record which every liberal, whether a member of the Liberal Democrats or not, would not wish to see repeated ever.
It is up to us to create a better future, up to each of us personally. We need our political parties to be fit for purpose for race equality campaigners of all backgrounds. Imagine my surprise when I read Roy Lilley's words below on the NHS (in an email from nhsmanagers.net) and saw how well they apply to our party and increasing the involvement of a wider range of people in politics.
As we nudge our way out of what, by any standards, has not been the health and care services' finest year, there's some stuff we would do well to leave behind. … The first is a word. The ugliest word in the NHS lexicon… ‘engagement'. I don't want to ‘engage' with people, do you? I want to talk to them. Better still; listen to them. I want to hear their views, have a conversation, ask what they think. Engage is what gear boxes do, to drive an engine and what old telephones sound like when someone else is talking. People who are interested in other people's ideas don't ‘engage'. They have a chat. If they have something to explain, clarify, demonstrate, make a case for… they do it, face to face, eyeball to eyeball. Politely, with passion and purpose.
If you would like to see a wider range of people from a greater range of backgrounds involved in politics, please start those conversations. There's no need to think of grand strategies for involving people, just monitor the number of meaningful conversations which you have with people from a variety of ethnic groups, where you are able to really listen and spot not only where they agree with your liberal view, but where they differ too. Agree with the people you're speaking with whether you should be taking action on the basis of those conversations.
Listening goes much further than one to one conversations- monitor your local party, regional party and other Liberal Democrat organisations you might belong to. How much opportunity do you have to listen to people from diverse backgrounds of all gender identities at meetings? Look up on the Office for National Statistics website the ethnic diversity of your ward and its neighbours, your parliamentary constituency and your region and make sure that your local, regional and national Liberal Democrat organisations, give you the chance to really listen to the wide variety of people we have in our country. I'm asking you to root out the race bias in your own local party and to start asking for speakers who represent all the groups in the UK.
It is only by listening to people from a wide variety of backgrounds, by choosing to give people our attention no matter who they are and no matter where they are from and by truly enjoying that experience and taking action where necessary, that our party can lead the way to race equality in the UK. We all have to start by listening and to do that you need to start inviting people to speak to us all and ensuring that your representatives issuing the invitations are doing so too.
* Marisha Ray is vice-chair of Ethnic Minority Liberal Democrats and PPC for Chipping Barnet, in north London. From 2002 to 2010 Marisha was a councillor in an inner London ward, and she was a London Assembly list candidate in 2012 and 2016.
