DUBAI, April 10 Rating agency Fitch has obtained a licence to operate in Saudi Arabia, the country's capital markets regulator said on Monday, as the kingdom tries to bolster its debt market.
The Capital Market Authority (CMA) said in a statement it has licenced Fitch Australia Pty Ltd to conduct credit rating activities in the country.
In late 2016, CMA approved a license for Standard & Poor's, which became the first foreign credit agency to obtain such permission.
(Reporting by Hadeel Al Sayegh, editing by Tom Arnold)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
MIAMI BEACH, Fla. - Pink Floyd fans will be packing the Fillmore Miami Beach at Jackie Gleason Theater on Friday, June 15th for a night of hits from their favorite band!
Brit Floyd is playing a tribute tour celebrating 45 years of "The Dark Side of the Moon"!
Fans will get to hear every cut from the classic album, along with many other Pink Floyd hits!
The show starts at 7 p.m.
For tickets or more information click here.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Tottenham Hotspur manager Mauricio Pochettino said he would be disappointed if his team failed to win the Premier League title this season, despite the four-point gap separating them from leaders Chelsea.
Spurs, who last won the league in 1961, stuttered in last season's run-in to concede the title to surprise package Leicester City.
Pochettino believes his squad have since improved their ability to focus as they prepare to host Arsenal in Sunday's North London derby.
"I will be very disappointed if we don't win the title," Pochettino told a news conference on Friday. "...My feeling is now, so close, only four points, but massive when only five games to play...
"I don't remember last season too much - we're focused on a completely different season and a new moment."
White Hart Lane could be staging its final local derby this weekend as Spurs are hoping to move to a new 61,000-seat stadium in the 2018/19 season, after a year of playing at Wembley.
"For us it is important to try to be ready and prepare ourselves to try to play in the best way," Pochettino added. "We know what the derby means, and for our fans, and maybe the last derby at White Hart Lane."
Spurs are unbeaten at home in 17 league games season but have failed to claim a local derby victory since 2015.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; editing by John Stonestreet)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Friday the contents of a controversial Republican memo tell a disgraceful story and that “a lot of people should be ashamed.”
Trump told reporters during an Oval Office event that he had approved the release of the memo and sent it back to Congress, where it is expected to be released.
“I think it's terrible, if you want to know the truth,” Trump said when asked about the contents of the memo. “I think it's a disgrace what's going on in this country... A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves, and much worse than that.”
April 28 Zhejiang Huahai Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* Says it gets official approval for its olmesartan medoxomil and hydrochlorothiazide tablets from U.S Food and Drug Administration
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/h2ydT2
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - Manchester City now have an 11-point lead at the top of the Premier League, after a record 14th straight win in a single season, but Sunday's derby showed the numbers cannot do full justice to the superiority of Pep Guardiola's side.
Soccer Football - Premier League - Manchester United vs Manchester City - Old Trafford, Manchester, Britain - December 10, 2017 Manchester City's Fabian Delph, Eliaquim Mangala, Kyle Walker and Kevin De Bruyne attempt to block a free kick REUTERS/Darren Staples
The precision of their passing was perhaps not at its optimum at a freezing, snowy Old Trafford but City came to the home of their biggest rivals -- in the title race and in terms of local pride -- and did it the Guardiola way.
“People said we couldn't play the way we did in Barcelona in England but it is possible and we did it,” the former Barça boss said after the 2-1 victory.
Indeed it was the familiar approach of slick movement, clever passing, intelligent combination and positional rotation that has been the hallmark of Guardiola's career at Barça and Bayern Munich.
It was, though, also a performance that had the other necessary ingredients for success in the high-octane Premier League -- physicality, aggression and the ability to compete hard against determined opponents.
This City team were never more than a work in progress last year, in a campaign where they finished 15 points behind champions Chelsea.
This time, with a more solid defence and even more options in attack, they are stronger on paper and also have been shaped by the experience of fighting for results until late in games, against teams such as West Ham and Huddersfield.
Guardiola rarely puts down his opponents but after a series of jibes from his counterpart Jose Mourinho, before and after the game, he dropped his usual diplomacy.
Soccer Football - Premier League - Manchester United vs Manchester City - Old Trafford, Manchester, Britain - December 10, 2017 Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola Action Images via Reuters/Carl Recine
“We won because we were better. We were better in all departments,” he said.
And he was right.
Slideshow (4 Images)
In the first half especially, United struggled to keep the ball, allowing City to enjoy the kind of long spells of possession that they relish.
At the back, United were stretched and exposed by the constant movement of Raheem Sterling and Leroy Sané, while they conceded two goals from set-pieces.
While City may not have been at their absolute sharpest in attack, they were certainly more dangerous than United with Romelu Lukaku continuing his struggles against top teams and wide men Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford rarely able to get the space to put City on the back foot.
Kevin De Bruyne did not run riot, as he has done several times this season, but City still looked the more commanding in the centre of midfield.
The title race is not, as Guardiola was right to note, decided in December but it is not only the maths that favour the blue half of Manchester.
City look like champions elect and it will take something extraordinary and unexpected to stop them raising the trophy in May.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
ABIDJAN, March 28 Two bodies have been found in central Democratic Republic of Congo and there is a "high probability" they are the remains of United Nations investigators who went missing earlier this month, the father of one of them said on Tuesday.
Michael Sharp, a U.S. citizen, and Zaida Catalan, of Swedish nationality, disappeared in Congo's Kasai region. Michael Sharp's father John Sharp wrote on his Facebook page that DNA tests and dental records will be used to confirm the identities of the bodies. (Reporting by Joe Bavier; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
Swiss National Bank could cut rates more if needed - Jordan
BERN, June 15 The Swiss National Bank (SNB) on Thursday left the door open to pushing interest rates further into negative territory if needed after it maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy.
FILE PHOTO - Newly appointed U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley presents her credentials to U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres at U.N. headquarters in New York City, U.S., January 27, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith
UNITED NATIONS The United States set up on Monday a likely showdown with Russia and China later in April over its plans to hold a U.N. Security Council meeting on human rights, an issue that Moscow and Beijing oppose being broadly discussed by the 15-member body.
The United States is council president for April. At a closed-door council meeting on Monday to agree to the council's work for the month, the proposed April 18 meeting on human rights and its ties to conflict was left off the calendar.
"It will be a broad debate, not intended to single out any countries, but more just to talk about the topic and how that relates to conflict and if there are things that we can be doing going forward," U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley told U.N. member states on Monday.
The United States accuses the Geneva-based Human Rights Council of being biased against Israel. Haley also said that she was unsure that the body served any value "except for this that sit on it that protect themselves."
If Haley cannot reach agreement with Russia and China on a tighter focus and pushes ahead with the meeting, then Russia's Deputy U.N. Ambassador Petr Iliichev said Moscow would call for a rare procedural vote to block the move.
A procedural vote needs nine votes to pass. Vetoes cannot be cast by Russia, China, the United States, France or Britain.
Iliichev said the issue of human rights does not need to be discussed by the Security Council as it is already the purview of the 193-member General Assembly's third committee and the Human Rights Council.
"Human rights are addressed by various peacekeeping missions, by special political missions, if we can just try to liaise those mandates with human rights then maybe we can agree (on a meeting)," Iliichev told reporters.
"But (the) general statement that international peace and security are threatened by human rights violations is not true," he said.
When asked about the proposed meeting, China's U.N. Ambassador Liu Jieyi said: "We are trying to work that out."
China has previously pushed for procedural votes in failed bids to stop the Security Council from discussing human rights in North Korea. China is a strong ally of Pyongyang.
The United States has threatened to quit the Human Rights Council. Haley, who will address the council in June, said on Thursday that her team was reviewing what the body had done well and "everything that they've done that's just absurd."
"If we don't see changes, then yes we'll pull out. But I think they deserve to know what we expect of them," she said.
(Reporting by Michelle Nichols; Editing by Phil Berlowitz)
(Corrects millions to billions in first paragraph)
LONDON May 3 Britain will not be paying 100 billion euros to leave the European Union, Brexit minister David Davis said on Wednesday after the Financial Times reported that the EU was preparing to demand that amount.
"We'll not be paying 100 billion. What we've got to do is discuss in detail what the rights and obligations are," Davis told British channel ITV. (Reporting by Estelle Shirbon, editing by Guy Faulconbridge)
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina, Aug 12 (Reuters) - Jason Day began the day in the final threesome, two strokes off the lead, and had the usual ups and downs on Saturday before his quadruple-bogey at the Quail Hollow gauntlet known as the 'Green Mile'.
Day began the stretch at the par-four 16th with his third successive birdie to reach five-under but danger was just around the corner. The Australian bogeyed the par-three 17th and finished with a nightmare quadruple-bogey eight.
That adventure started with a wayward drive that took him into the trees, leading to two horrendous shots and a penalty stroke, a weak escape from choking rough, a weak chip and two putts.
Day lost five shots over the two holes and finished seven off the pace.
"He played good coming in and then gave it all away, so that's tough," said playing companion Kevin Kisner.
A shell-shocked Day, usually accomodating with the media, walked off hand-in-hand with wife Ellie without taking questions.
Tournament leader Kisner was not unscathed, either.
Sailing along with a two-shot lead, Kisner pulled a shot into the water at the 16th and had his bogey-putt spin out of the hole for a double. At 18, he bounced an approach off a stone bridge that saved him from another splash but sent him into deep rough and a bogey.
That slight reprieve allowed him to cling to a one-shot lead over Hideki Matsuyama and fellow American Chris Stroud going into Sunday's final round.
Entire threesomes fell victim to the 18th.
Jordan Spieth, who came to Quail Hollow looking to complete a career grand slam of majors, England's Tommy Fleetwood and veteran Vijay Singh all double-bogeyed the last.
Spaniard Jon Rahm and playing partner Steve Stricker doubled as well. As did Paul Casey, whose two-under for the tournament turned into even-par.
Australian Adam Scott joined the double-bogey brigade as one of 12 scores at the 18th of double-bogey or worse.
Not everyone was left cursing the 18th, with first-round leader Thorbjorn Olesen (three-over) and Patrick Cantley (two-over) both signing off with birdies.
April 3 Bp Plc -
* BP press release - BP to sell forties pipeline system to Ineos
* Agreed to sell its FPS business, with assets including main forties offshore and onshore pipelines and other associated pipeline interests and facilities
* sale will not affect BP's existing rights to capacity in FPS
* Under terms of agreement, Ineos will pay BP a consideration of up to $250 mln for business
* Consideration comprises a cash payment of $125 mln on completion and an earn-out arrangement over seven years that totals up to $125 mln Further company coverage:
PRECIOUS-Gold gains as stocks fall; weak U.S data spurs safe-haven demand
* Weaker U.S. retail sales, consumer inflation hurt dollar * Report of Trump probe hits risk sentiment (Updates prices, adds quotes) By Nithin ThomasPrasad BENGALURU, June 15 Gold edged up on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session, supported by softer U.S. economic data and a fall in Asian shares following a report that President Donald Trump was being probed for possible obstruction of justice. Weaker U.S. retail and inflation data over
BARCELONA Real Madrid's opponents should brace for a reenergised Cristiano Ronaldo after the Portuguese said he had been following a special training regime to hit peak shape in the final stretch of the campaign.
The usually prolific Ronaldo has had his quietest campaign in front of goal in the league since 2010 but made an emphatic return to form on Wednesday by scoring both goals as Real earned a crucial 2-1 win over Bayern Munich in Wednesday's Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Ronaldo has arrived at the end of the last few campaigns in a bedraggled state and last season sustained a thigh injury which forced him out of crucial games and stunted his performances.
He gave lacklustre displays in the 2014 and 2016 Champions League finals against Atletico Madrid even though he scored a penalty in the 2014 final in extra-time and struck the decisive spot-kick in the shoot-out in the San Siro two years later.
Over exertion in the 2013-14 campaign may also have lead to his disappointing display at the World Cup in Brazil, where Portugal were eliminated at the group stage, while he injured his knee in the Euro 2016 final against France.
Ronaldo had scored twice in his previous eight Champions League games and had failed to find the net in any competition for a month but on Wednesday he netted twice either side of halftime to end the German champions' run of 16 straight home wins in the competition.
Ronaldo, Real's all-time top scorer and a four-time Ballon d'Or winner, also became the first player to score 100 goals in UEFA competitions.
"I made radical changes to my training to get to this stage of the season in the best state possible," Ronaldo told reporters.
"In the last few years I got to the end of the season at the limit and with small injuries, but I have worked hard with our fitness coach to be in the right shape for the final two months. The team is playing well and so is Cristiano."
Ronaldo's comparatively low goal tally this season had seen his detractors claim the 32-year-old was on the decline, although his teammate Marcelo criticised those who had questioned the Portuguese's displays this term.
"I don't know if it's envy, but Cristiano's numbers speak for themselves," said the Brazil defender. It's difficult to contemplate what he has done for football, and he is still playing at a very high level."
Ronaldo, meanwhile, gave a bemused reaction when asked by a reporter if he had proved his detractors wrong.
"I don't know who doubted me," Ronaldo said. "The people who love Cristiano never had any doubts."
(Reporting by Richard Martin; editing by Richard Lough)
One of America's most prominent black CEOs quit President Trump's manufacturing council on Monday over Trump's failure to condemn white supremacists.
Kenneth Frazier of Merck said in a statement: "America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy."
Within minutes, Trump attacked him on Twitter, saying Frazier's resignation will give him "more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!"
Frazier did not mention the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, in his statement, but he did say that "as a matter of personal conscience, I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
That appeared to be a reference to Trump's statement over the weekend blaming violence "on many sides" after neo-Nazis and white nationalists clashed with counter-protesters.
Frazier is one of the country's most prominent black corporate executives and was the only black male CEO named to the council in January.
His exit marks another rebuke to Trump from corporate America. Trump's June 1 decision to leave the Paris climate accord led Tesla CEO Elon Musk to step down from the manufacturing panel as well as a separate business advisory council.
Frazier appeared at the White House just last month to promote an agreement between Merck, Pfizer and Corning to create 1,000 jobs.
Trump formed the manufacturing council a week after his inauguration as part of a push to create jobs. At the time, the White House hailed the council, including Frazier, as "some of the world's most successful and creative business leaders."
At the group's first meeting in January, Trump shook Frazier's hand after the CEO talked up efforts to bring manufacturing jobs back to the U.S. for a cancer drug.
"That's very good," Trump said at the time.
--CNNMoney's Patrick Gillespie contributed to this report.
FILE PHOTO: U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross holds a news conference at the Department of Commerce in Washington, D.C., U.S. March 10, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Thayer
WASHINGTON U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross held out hope on Thursday that the Trump administration will revive the U.S. Export-Import bank's full lending powers, saying the institution is part of its "trade toolbox" to boost exports.
The U.S. government trade lender has been hobbled for the better part of two years by conservative Republicans in Congress who tried to shut it down in 2015 by revoking its charter, and then limited its lending powers last year by blocking nominations to its board of directors.
With only two active members on its five-seat board, the bank cannot make or guarantee loans over $10 million, preventing it from financing large exports such as U.S.-built commercial aircraft, nuclear reactors or petrochemical plants.
Thus far, Trump administration officials have not said publicly whether they support reviving EXIM's full lending powers, but some members of Congress say that Trump has told them privately that he supports the institution.
"The bank is part of a domestically focused trade toolbox that this administration will continue to focus on in the coming months," Ross said in brief video remarks to EXIM's annual conference in Washington. "We will use that toolbox to rebalance our trade policy in order to put American workers first."
Ross did not provide details of how EXIM will be used in his trade strategy or whether the administration has specific plans to nominate new board members.
He urged hundreds of U.S. manufacturers, lenders and foreign government and company officials attending the meeting to work towards increasing U.S. exports to create jobs.
U.S. Representative Chris Collins of New York, a Republican Trump ally who headed a small manufacturer that used EXIM working capital loan guarantees in the past, told the conference that Trump told him on Feb. 16 at a White House meeting that he was "all in" on supporting EXIM.
"We asked him very directly about the five board seats," Collins said. "The president looked to his right and to his left and said 'Can you get me some names? I'm all in.' There was no hesitation whatsoever."
Reviving EXIM, however, would anger conservative groups backed by the Koch brothers, the influential billionaire Republican donors. The groups have waged a campaign that has painted EXIM as unnecessary corporate welfare even though it is self-funding through the interest and fees it charges borrowers.
(Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Steve Orlofsky)
Portsmouth's manager Tony Adams reacts during their English Premier League soccer match against Arsenal at the Emirates stadium in London December 28, 2008. REUTERS/Kieran Doherty
Spanish club Granada said on Monday it had appointed former Arsenal and England captain Tony Adams as head coach until the end of the season after sacking Lucas Alcaraz.
The 50-year-old Adams was named as the club's sporting director last week but will now be tasked with steering the team away from relegation with seven matches left in their league campaign.
"After assessing the situation the team is in, Granada CF has decided to part company with Lucas Alcaraz and his coaching staff," the Spanish club statement in a statement on Monday.
"In his place, the club has total confidence in Tony Adams ... as head coach of Granada CF until the end of the season."
Adams, whose last managerial post was at Azerbaijani club Gabala FC in 2011, has also had stints as manager at fourth-tier English sides Wycombe Wanderers and Portsmouth.
Granada is 19th in the table, seven points adrift of safety and have failed to win in the league since their 1-0 win over Alaves on March 1.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru; editing by Richard Lough)
SEOUL, April 16 North Korea attempted to launch a missile on Sunday near Sinpo, on its east coast, but it is believed to have failed, South Korea's military said.
The attempted missile launch comes a day after the North held a military parade in its capital marking the birth anniversary of the state founder where what appeared to be new ballistic missiles were displayed. (Reporting by Jack Kim and Ju-min Park; Editing by Sandra Maler)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 29 Gevo Inc
* Gevo reports fourth quarter 2016 financial results
* Q4 adjusted non-GAAP loss per share $1.14
* Q4 loss per share $0.33
* Q4 revenue $5.8 million versus $7.3 million
* Gevo - produced approximately 190,000 gallons of isobutanol during quarter at Gevo's isobutanol production facility located in Luverne, Minnesota
* Gevo Inc - Gevo expects to achieve a cash EBITDA loss of between $18.0-$20.0 million for fiscal year ending December 31, 2017
* Gevo Inc - expects to produce approximately 500,000 gallons of isobutanol during 2017
* Gevo Inc says estimates that its maximum annual isobutanol production capacity at agri-energy facility to be currently over 1 million gallons per year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WASHINGTON A privacy group sued the New York Police Department on Tuesday to demand the release of documents related to its use of facial-recognition technology, which rights groups have criticized as discriminatory and lacking in proper oversight.
The lawsuit is the latest attempt to compel U.S. law enforcement agencies to disclose more about how they rely on searchable facial-recognition databases in criminal investigations.
NYPD has previously produced one document in response to a January 2016 freedom of information request, despite evidence it has frequently used an advanced face-recognition system for more than five years, according to the Center for Privacy & Technology at Georgetown University law school, which filed the suit in New York state court.
"The department's claim that it cannot find any records
about its use of the technology is deeply troubling," said David Vladeck, the privacy group's faculty director. He added that an absence of responsive documents, such as contract and purchasing documents, training materials or audits, would be an indication the police force did not possess controls governing its use of facial-recognition software.
NYPD could not be immediately reached for comment on the suit.
Facial-recognition databases are used by police to help identify possible criminal suspects. They typically work by conducting searches of vast troves of known images, such as mug shots, and algorithmically comparing them with other images, such as those taken form a store's surveillance cameras, that capture an unidentified person believed to be committing a crime.
But the technology has come under increased scrutiny in recent years amid fears that it may lack accuracy, lead to false positives and perpetuate racial bias. [nL1N1CO1A0]
Democratic and Republican lawmakers expressed consternation at the secrecy surrounding facial-recognition technology during a U.S. House Oversight Committee hearing in March.
The Center for Privacy & Technology released a report last year concluding half of America's adults have their images stored in at least one searchable facial-recognition database used by local, state and federal authorities.
The study, titled "Perpetual Line-Up," found that states rely on mug shots, driver's license photos, or both in assembling their databases, and that images are often shared with the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
The U.S. Government Accountability Office estimated last year that more than 400 million facial pictures of Americans were stored in databases kept by law enforcement agencies.
MUMBAI A cyberattack on Union Bank of India last July began after an employee opened an email attachment releasing malware that allowed hackers to steal the state-run bank's data, the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday.
The attempt closely resembled the cybertheft last year of more than $81 million from the Bangladesh central bank's account at the New York Federal Reserve, the paper reported.
The opening of the email attachment, which looked like it had come from India's central bank, initiated the malware that hackers used to steal Union Bank's access codes for the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT), a system that lenders use for international transactions.
The codes were used to send transfer instructions for about $170 million to a Union Bank account at Citigroup Inc in New York.
Union Bank had traced the money trail and blocked the movement of funds.
SWIFT late last year said that some banks using its system had been attacked after the Bangladesh heist, the Journal said, but did not specifically name Union Bank of India.
Union Bank Chairman Arun Tiwari told the newspaper that SWIFT officials had been working with the bank since the day of the cyberattack.
SWIFT declined to comment.
(Reporting by Sankalp Phartiyal and Tom Bergin; Editing by David Goodman)
May 3 Rait Financial Trust:
* Rait Financial Trust announces first quarter 2017 financial results and declares first quarter 2017 dividend on rait's common shares
* Q1 gaap loss per share $0.33
* Rait financial trust - aum declined 42.4 pct to $3.4 billion as of quarter ended March 31, 2017, compared to $5.9 billion as of quarter ended March 31, 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Comedy cabaret team All That Malarkey are promising to end 2017 with a festive bang with their new show Camp as Christmas.
They will be playing The Groundlings Theatre in Portsmouth on December 20 at 7.30pm (www.groundlings.co.uk) and Chichester's St John's Chapel on December 21, also at 7.30pm (07722 824696).
Spokesman David Harrington said: “We spent a sizzling summer strutting our stuff at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival, where we performed to an international audience and gained excellent reviews.”
Now they are back on the road for Christmas: “We're excited to have dates including our London debut at the magnificent King's Head Theatre, as well as other performances in Wales and the South, though we always finish at Chichester as that is where our journey began.
“The four classically-trained singers of ATM are geared up and ready to sing their hearts out, fling themselves around the stage and present popular Christmas songs from pop to classics and carols, all musically arranged in unexpected ways that will surprise and entertain, accompanied and compared by yours truly at the keyboard. Known for our unique four-part harmony arrangements of family favourites, laced with fun, sparkle and tongue-in-cheek frivolity, our new programme will include wonderful new renditions of Do you ACTUALLY wish it could be Christmas everyday, Christmas No.1 Medley and We Need a Little Christmas.
“Always drawing an amazing and welcoming crowd, our performance this year will be at St John's Chapel, Chichester, hometown of the unmissable ginger-haired ATM soprano, Amy Fuller, and the city where ATM started four Christmases ago.
“Promising to be an energetic and impossibly-festive evening, we'll also be holding a collection for St Wilfrid's Hospice at the end, particularly close to our hearts this year. Also in the diary for this tour is an appearance at my hometown of Portsmouth (Wednesday, December 20 at The Groundlings Theatre). Having gone to Padnell school and Oaklands Catholic school and sixth form, it will be a treat to bring our outrageous act to old friends and family, and show them what I do for a living…flick my hair around and make funny faces at the piano like a maniac. Amy Fuller had made herself a complete stranger to me by growing up in Chichester and going to Bishop Luffa and Parklands Primary, but we fortunately crossed paths when studying together.”
By News Corp Australia Network writers
Spy satellites have observed North Korea moving a missile into position for a possible launch, with the US saying its forces are on high alert.
Officials have told US media that spy satellites have observed DPRK mobile missile launcher movement, indicating a intermediate-ballistic missile launch may be being prepared.
Sr defense official: US satellites observe North Korea mobile missile launcher movement, intermediate ballistic missile launch prep possible — Will Ripley (@willripleyCNN) August 14, 2017
The report comes as US Secretary of Defence James Mattis warns any further escalation could rapidly lead to war: "Yes that means for a lot of young troops they're going to be in a wartime situation".
Advertisement
Such intermediate missiles do not have the capacity to reach the mainland United States, but can reach the US military bases in Guam and Japan.
The missile being prepared may be a Hwasong HS-12, capable of reaching Guam.
A woman passes by a TV screen showing North Korea's threats to strike Guam with missiles at the Seoul Train Station in Seoul, South Korea. Photo / AP A woman passes by a TV screen showing North Korea's threats to strike Guam with missiles at the Seoul Train Station in Seoul, South Korea. Photo / AP
The DPRK has this morning issued a press statement saying it has presented plans to "envelope" Guam in fire to President Kim Jong-un.
"The nuclear force of the DPRK is strong in its guts and no one can guess its muscle as the flight trajectory of medium-to-long ballistic rocket Hwasong-12, firing data and the correct hitting-point are made public at home and abroad."
War on Korean peninsula “can only be nuclear”: North Korean media https://t.co/cURDTtDgOo pic.twitter.com/fh3mGPh4Ba — NK NEWS (@nknewsorg) August 14, 2017
'POWER DEMONSTRATION'
Pyongyang's state media has this morning reported President Kim Jong-un as having "praised" his Strategic Force for drawing up a "careful" plan for a "power demonstration" to "envelope" Guam in fire.
"The nuclear force of the DPRK is strong in its guts and no one can guess its muscle as the flight trajectory of medium-to-long ballistic rocket Hwasong-12, firing data and the correct hitting-point are made public at home and abroad."
Kim said he would "watch a little more" Washington's behaviour, but will make an "important" decision if the US continues its "extremely dangerous reckless actions".
First draft of map correction will do more later once more clear images released. #DPRK pic.twitter.com/gxImnfx0zC — Nathan J Hunt (@ISNJH) August 14, 2017
'WARTIME SITUATION'
Mattis told reporters in Washington this morning the situation could escalate to war "very quickly".
He said it could be assessed "within moments" if a missile fired from North Korea was on track to hit Guam.
The United States would "take out" any seen to be heading for American soil.
If missiles were fired at US bases: "I think if they fire at the US it could escalate to war very quickly ... Yes, that's called war, if they shoot at us."
He added: "If they shoot at the United States, I'm assuming they hit the United States. If they do that, it's game on."
This is a very important photo. It shows Anderson AFB in #Guam as clear as day on the back wall. pic.twitter.com/rQhicoGSRM — Strategic Sentinel (@StratSentinel) August 14, 2017
North Korea has previously stated its plan is to fire missiles to land in the ocean "near" Guam, not at Guam itself. The US has stated this would be an unacceptable provocation.
Mattis was asked what response the US would give to such a "near miss": "You can't make all those kinds of decision in advance," he said. "There's a host of things going on. There are allies that we consult with ... "I need a certain amount of ambiguity on this".
Mattis' comments came after he and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson wrote in an opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal that America has "no interest" in regime change in Pyongyang or the accelerated reunification of the two Koreas, and stressed the importance of a diplomatic solution to the crisis.
A man watches a television screen showing U.S. President Donald Trump, left, and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un during a news program at the Seoul Train Station. Photo / AP A man watches a television screen showing U.S. President Donald Trump, left, and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un during a news program at the Seoul Train Station. Photo / AP
HOLIDAY SPECTACLE?
Today is a public holiday in North Korea (Liberation of the Fatherland Day - marking the end of World War II). Previous missile launches have been timed to coincide with such calendar events to maximise internal propaganda impact.
This morning's DPRK statement also attacked planned US-South Korea "Freedom Guardian" military drills scheduled for August 21.
"No matter what rhetoric they let out about "annual, regular and defensive drills", they cannot cover up the danger of a war outbreak," the statement says.
"If any accidental case would be sparked, though unwanted, it would never avert a war. What matters is that when a second Korean War breaks out, it would be a nuclear war."
SARAJEVO, April 5 The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) said on Wednesday it would lend up to 50 million euros ($53 million) to Serbian company Electrawinds K-Wind to help finance one of the Balkan country's first wind farms.
The 104.5 megawatts (MW) project in the northern town of Kovacica, estimated to cost 185 million euros, will be among the first large-scale privately-run wind farms in Serbia.
Currently there are no private or state-run wind farms in Serbia but several are in the planning or construction stages.
The scheme in Kovacica will help diversify the country's power sector, which produces 70 percent of its supply from coal and the rest from hydro.
Electrawinds K-Wind is a special purpose vehicle, currently owned by Solaveris Limited and Israel-listed Enlight Renewable Energy, through its subsidiary Blacklight Energies.
EBRD said the project will be financed through equity and up to 140 million euros worth of commercial loans.
The wind farm, consisting 38 wind turbines with 2.75 MW capacity each, will be located 50 kilometres (31.07 miles) northeast of capital Belgrade.
Serbia has an objective to secure 27 percent of total energy consumption from renewables by 2020. ($1 = 0.9376 euros) (Reporting by Maja Zuvela, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
(Corrects name to Streicher from Stretcher, paragraph 18, 20; Note that the story was updated under headline "Health, training to play into Williams' tennis comeback after childbirth")
By Julie Steenhuysen
CHICAGO, April 19 Tennis star Serena Williams could take a pass on Wimbledon if physical changes from her pregnancy such as balance and blood flow affect her preparation and performance, researchers who study pregnancy in high-performing athletes said.
It would be perfectly safe for Williams to continue with rigorous training throughout pregnancy, but how quickly she would return to tournament tennis, if she so chooses, was uncertain, the researchers said.
Williams on Wednesday confirmed her pregnancy through spokeswoman Kelly Bush Novak after the tennis player posted a picture of herself in a yellow bathing suit on Snapchat social media with the caption "20 weeks."
James Pivarnik, a kinesiology professor at Michigan State University, said Williams' muscular build could forestall some of the changes that could impair performance. Williams, who is 5 feet 9 inches (1.75 metres) and weighed 155 pounds (70 kg) according to her tennis association profile, won a 23rd Grand Slam tournament title at the Australian Open in January.
"It's not like some little 95 pound distance runner. From a size change difference, it might take longer for that to be an issue with her, depending on how she carries," said Pivarnik, who has studied the impact of pregnancy on exercise for the past three decades.
In pregnancy, a woman's center of gravity shifts forward to accommodate the growing fetus, which could affect Williams' stance. Pivarnik said that Williams' size may be an advantage.
Williams has not played since January and two major events are coming up: the French Open in May and Wimbledon in July.
Pivarnik said, he would be "shocked" if Williams decided to compete at Wimbledon.
"She'd be 30 weeks. I can't see her being able to perform at a level she'd need to win," he said.
Most top athletes are able to perform very well through about the first half of pregnancy, said Dr. Bruce Young, a professor of obstetrics and gynecology at New York University Langone Medical Center.
Starting at about six months of pregnancy, a woman's balance shifts. "That would be fine if you were a swimmer. If you are a tennis player, it's a problem," Young said.
Other changes could also have an impact, he said. For example, beginning at about 5 months, a woman's blood volume increases by 50 to 60 percent over the non-pregnant state, forcing the heart to work harder.
Red blood cell counts increase, but not in proportion to the increase in blood volume, reducing the oxygen-carrying capacity in the blood, he said.
A woman's lung volume also decreases as the uterus grows and presses on the diaphragm.
"If you are competing at a very high level, that becomes a factor," Young said.
Extreme exercise and training during pregnancy remains safe, however, and can contribute to a swift return to pre-pregnancy performance levels provided the delivery goes smoothly, a survey of scientific literature by experts on behalf of the International Olympic Committee found.
"I've known women who are back to running fast 5Ks in a month because they ran probably up until 36 weeks without much problem," Pivarnik said.
Dr. Lauren Streicher, clinical associate professor of obstetrics and gynecology at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine in Chicago, said Williams' age - 35 - increases her chances of pregnancy complications, such as developing high blood pressure.
Predicting how long it will take Williams to recover from a pregnancy depends on several factors, including whether she had an easy or complicated vaginal or Cesarean delivery, whether she breastfeeds and whether her baby sleeps through the night or keeps her up for feedings every few hours.
"As much as we would like to be able to predict this stuff, the nature of pregnancy is it's going to be different for everyone," Streicher said. (Reporting by Julie Steenhuysen, editing by Caroline Humer and Grant McCool)
March 31 Baker Hughes Inc :
* Company, GE and certain subsidiaries of company amended certain provisions of transaction agreement as of March 27, 2017 - SEC filing
* Transaction agreement with GE amended to provide for increase size of board of Bear Newco Inc from nine to eleven directors
* Transaction agreement with GE amended to also increase number of co's designees to board of directors of New Baker Hughes from 4 to 5
* Transaction agreement with GE amended to increase number of GE's designees to board of directors of New Baker Hughes from 5 to 6 Source text : (bit.ly/2opMZ4f) Further company coverage:
May 2 Noble Energy Inc
* Deal for $1.225 billion
* Amount includes upfront cash of $1.125 billion and an additional contingent amount of $100 million
* Noble energy sells upstream appalachia natural gas assets
* Noble energy - deal amount includes upfront cash of $1.125 billion and an additional contingent amount of $100 million, structured as 3 separate payments of $33.3 million
* Proceeds from deal to be used to pay down essentially all debt borrowings resulting from Clayton Williams energy deal
* Signed definitive agreement to divest all of its upstream assets in northern West Virginia, Southern Pennsylvania to an undisclosed buyer
* Marcellus acreage will retain its dedication to cone midstream for natural gas gathering
* Noble Energy's interest in cone midstream is not included in transaction.
* BofA Merrill lynch acted as financial advisor to noble energy and porter & hedges served as legal counsel Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. job growth surged in January and wages increased further, recording their largest annual gain in more than 8-1/2 years, bolstering expectations that inflation will push higher this year as the labour market hits full employment.
Nonfarm payrolls jumped by 200,000 jobs last month after rising 160,000 in December, the Labor Department said on Friday.
The unemployment rate was unchanged at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent. Average hourly earnings rose 0.3 percent in January to $26.74, building on December's solid 0.4 percent gain.
That boosted the year-on-year increase in average hourly earnings to 2.9 percent, the largest rise since June 2009, from 2.7 percent in December. Workers, however, put in fewer hours last month likely because of bitterly cold weather.
The average workweek fell to 34.3 hours, the shortest in four months, from 34.5 hours in December.
The robust employment report underscored the strong momentum in the economy, raising the possibility that the Federal Reserve could be a bit more aggressive in raising interest rates this year. The U.S. central bank has forecast three rate increases this year after raising borrowing costs three times in 2017.
“The acceleration in average hourly earnings growth punches a hole in the narrative that wage growth remains lackluster,” said Scott Anderson, chief economist at Bank of the West in San Francisco. “The Goldilocks view of inflation is being sorely challenged right now.”
Fed officials on Wednesday expressed optimism that inflation will rise towards the central bank's target this year. Policymakers, who voted to keep interest rates unchanged, described the labour market as having “continued to strengthen,” and economic activity as “rising at a solid rate.”
U.S. financial markets have priced in a rate hike in March. Prices for U.S. Treasuries fell, with the yield on the benchmark 10-year note hitting a four-year high as investors worried about high inflation. The dollar rose against a basket of currencies on the data while U.S. stocks were trading lower.
The unemployment rate dropped seven-tenths of a percentage point in 2017 and economists expect it to hit 3.5 percent by the end of the year. Economists say job gains are being driven by buoyant domestic and global demand.
Some worry that the Trump administration's $1.5 billion tax cut package passed by the Republican-controlled U.S. Congress in December, in the biggest overhaul of the tax code in 30 years, could cause the economy, already operating near full capacity, to overheat.
President Donald Trump and his fellow Republicans have cast the fiscal stimulus, which includes a reduction in the corporate income tax rate to 21 percent from 35 percent, as creating jobs and boosting economic growth.
“If the labour market is this strong and the tax cuts have yet to kick in, what will it look like when households and businesses actually start spending the money?” said Joel Naroff, chief economist at Naroff Economic Advisors in Holland Pennsylvania. “No good economy goes unpunished and the punishment may already be starting to be meted out.”
FILE PHOTO - Corporate recruiters (R) gesture and shake hands as they talk with job seekers at a Hire Our Heroes job fair targeting unemployed military veterans and sponsored by the Cable Show, a cable television industry trade show in Washington, June 11, 2013. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst/File Photo
JOB GROWTH SEEN SLOWING
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast nonfarm payrolls rising by 180,000 jobs last month and the unemployment rate unchanged at 4.1 percent. January's jobs gains were above the monthly average of 192,000 over the past three months.
The economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population.
January marked the first full year of employment data under the Trump administration. Job growth averaged 176,000 per month under the current government, compared to 208,300 during last year of the Obama administration.
Job growth is expected to slow this year as the labour market hits full employment. Companies are already reporting difficulties finding qualified workers, which economists say will force some to significantly raise wages as they compete for scarce labour.
Wage growth last month came as increases in the minimum wage came into effect in 18 states in January. Wages probably also got a lift from the tax cut. Companies like Starbucks Corp (SBUX.O) and FedEx Corp have said they will use some of the savings from lower taxes to boost wages for workers.
Further gains are expected in February when Walmart WMT.N. raises entry-level wages for hourly employees at its U.S. stores. Annual wage growth is now close to the 3 percent that economists say is needed to push inflation towards the Fed's 2 percent target.
But the road to faster wage growth remains long. The year-on-year rise in average hourly earnings for production and non-supervisory workers was stuck at 2.4 percent in January.
A broader measure of unemployment, which includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part time because they cannot find full-time employment, rose one-tenth of a percentage point to 8.2 percent in January.
The unemployment rate for African Americans shot up to 7.7 percent from 6.8 percent and is more than double that of whites.
Manufacturing payrolls increased by 15,000 last month after rising 21,000 in December. The sector is being supported by strong domestic and international demand. A weak dollar is also providing a boost to manufacturing by making U.S.-made goods more competitive on the international market.
Hiring at construction sites picked up last month despite unseasonably cold weather. Construction payrolls increased by 36,000 jobs, adding to December's 33,000 gain.
Retail employment rebounded and the government added jobs following two straight months of declines.
There were also increases in payrolls for professional and business services, leisure and hospitality as well as healthcare and social assistance.
May 2 Filinvest Development Corp
* Refers to news article entitled “Filinvest allots P40b for bank, property spending” posted in manilastandard.net
* Confirms that article in manilastandard.net posted on April 28, is correct Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 28 Autoliv,, the world's biggest maker of airbags and seatbelts, is expecting higher raw material costs this year than previously forecast, Chief Executive Jan Carlson told Reuters after the firm posted earnings above expecations on Friday.
* Says sees raw materials cost increase of $38 mln in 2017, vs $31 mln forecast given in February.
* Says on growth in active safety business: "If you take our core radar and vision business, that business grew around 15 percent in the quarter, while it was around 3 percent for the whole of active safety".
* Says dampening effect on active safety growth from ramp-down and phasing out of products, including internally developed brake control system. Effect will be seen throughout 2017.
* Autoliv said in Friday's earnings report it currently sees some uncertainties relating to light vehicle production growth, including high inventory levels and slower sales momentum, especially in North America and China.
"What we are saying is that when it has gone this far in the business cycle, one needs to be on the alert," Carlson told Reuters.
(Reporting by Johannes Hellstrom)
April 20 EMC Pcl
* SEC has condemned Neeranuch Na-Ranong, former vice chairman and executive director of Triton Holding PCL
* "the company has been informed of this and Neeranuch Na-Ranong has been removed from the board"
* Case will not affect the business operation of the company Source text (bit.ly/2pGvCQ6) Further company coverage:
São Paulo, March 29 Brazilian planemaker Embraer SA still plans to make the first deliveries of its next-generation E195-E2 passenger jet in the first half of 2019, a senior executive said on Wednesday, despite flying the first prototype of the model well ahead of schedule.
"We do have a lot of buffer, clearly. And we are devoting that to maturing the aircraft before entry into service," said John Slattery, head of commercial aviation for Embraer, in a telephone interview after the plane's first flight, which was originally scheduled for the second half of 2017. (Reporting by Brad Haynes; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
FRANKFURT, April 20 Business in the first few months of 2017 has affirmed German consumer products group Beiersdorf's cautious optimism for the full year, Chief Executive Stefan Heidenreich told shareholders on Thursday.
He stuck with guidance for 3 to 4 percent sales growth for this year, with a slight improvement in the margin on earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) from 15 percent in 2016, according to the prepared text of a speech.
Last year, demand for the group's Nivea, Eucerin and La Prairie skincare products helped Beiersdorf overcome a "difficult market" and increase annual sales and profit.
"We do not underestimate the continuing economic and political risks... neither their number nor their intensity is likely to decline this year," Heidenreich said at the Hamburg-based company's annual general meeting on Thursday.
"We do not expect any decisive positive impulses for our business from the environment in 2017. But we rely on our own strength," he added. (Reporting by Maria Sheahan)
April 20 MoneySuperMarket.Com Group Plc :
* Trading statement
* Statement relates to period Jan. 1 to March 31 2017 unless otherwise stated
* Had a solid overall start to year, with group revenues up 2 pct
* Strong insurance performance continued and is attributable to a buoyant switching market and to group data and pricing initiatives
* Core money business of credit cards and loans continued to deliver good growth
* No energy collective switch took place in quarter, lowering home services performance and MoneySavingExpert.com where revenue is also recognised
* Remains confident of meeting full year market expectations Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
A fixture of the London landscape and soundscape, Big Ben, is falling silent for four years. The bell will cease its regular tolling while extensive repairs are made to the famous clock tower that looms over the Palace of Westminster, the home of the British Parliament.
The massive bell will mark the hour for the last time at noon on Aug. 21 and then pause for four years while the Elizabeth Tower, which houses the Great Clock and the Great Bell, aka Big Ben, is restored. A larger restoration of the Parliament buildings is likely to begin in the early 2020s, according to a Parliament website.
Quieting Big Ben's mighty bongs will help preserve the hearing of workers involved in the project.
The keeper of the Great Clock, Steve Jaggs, said in a statement that the pause "is a significant milestone in this crucial conservation project." If you're in London next Monday you may want to accept Jaggs' invitation to gather in Parliament Square "to hear Big Ben's final bongs until they return in 2021." However, Big Ben will still bong for important national events such as New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday.
The Great Bell has chimed nearly every hour for the past 157 years. It has had previous breaks in service for maintenance and conservation in 2007, in 1983-1985 and in 1976. The 13.7-ton bell, which was forged in the 1850s, is accompanied by smaller chimes that ring out each quarter hour.
The Great Clock has a Victorian-era clockwork mechanism that triggers the bell and chimes. That mechanism and the clock's four faces will also get refurbished, which will require the faces to be covered.
To make sure Londoners don't get completely disoriented and lose track of the correct time, Jaggs says at least one clock face will remain visible. It will keep time with the aid of a modern electric motor, while the Victorian mechanism is being repaired.
Military trucks carry soldiers through central Pyongyang before sunset as the capital preparers for a parade marking today's 105th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il Sung, North Korea's founding father and grandfather of the current ruler, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Military trucks drive through central Pyongyang before sunset as the capital preparers for a parade marking today's 105th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il Sung, North Korea's founding father and grandfather of the current ruler, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
PYONGYANG North Koreans placed flower baskets and bouquets below portraits of founder president Kim Il Sung on Friday, showing little sign of tension despite fears the reclusive nation may conduct a nuclear test and the United States would retaliate.
The 105th birth anniversary of the founder is on Saturday, celebrated as the Day of the Sun in North Korea, its most important holiday. The North Korean regime often uses such anniversaries for displays of military prowess.
A light rain fell in the capital, Pyongyang, as people wearing gumboots and holding umbrellas walked past portraits of the late leader and signs proclaiming "Sun Day is the most significant event in North Korea".
A military parade is likely to be held on Saturday to mark Kim Il Sung's anniversary but government minders have not confirmed any details with visiting foreign journalists. It is likely the current leader, his grandson Kim Jong-un, will make an appearance.
Such pageantry reinforces the cult of personality around the Kim family, three of whom have ruled North Korea with a vice-like grip. The visiting journalists saw nothing out of the ordinary in Pyongyang despite the talk of war.
However, when foreign journalists visit North Korea, their movements are closely managed and they are usually restricted to Pyongyang. Conversations with people are monitored by government "minders", who also provide translations into English.
Near the birthplace of Kim Il Sung, a pilgrimage spot for North Koreans, commuters moved briskly on and off the subway, young women holding umbrellas walked by, clasping arms, while two children in blue school uniforms shuffled down the street holding a flower basket almost their own size.
"If the enemies want to wage war with our leaders, we have nothing to fear because we will win," said Jon Myon Sop, who works at a bus station.
"I know about how tensions are rising on the Korean Peninsula and how the U.S. and its puppet countries have brought their military assets to the region."
Cho Hyon Ran, a tour guide at the site, said: "We don't want war but we are not afraid of war because we have strong power, our country is the strongest one in the world now.
"You can see all people are laughing, all people are singing, all people are celebrating the Sun's day," she said in English. "We are not afraid of anything."
NOODLES IN SEOUL
Pyongyang's leaders regularly threaten the United States and South Korea with destruction. Technically, North Korea is still at war with the South and its ally, the United States, because the 1950-53 Korean War ended in an armistice and not a peace treaty.
A U.S. aircraft carrier group is headed to Korean waters this week amid concerns that Pyongyang may conduct a nuclear or long-range missile test and U.S. President Donald Trump has threatened unilateral action "to solve the problem".
In South Korea, there is no sign of tension either but also very little talk of war.
Residents in the capital, Seoul, which is within range of the North's artillery, were observing "Black Day" on Friday, a day for singles marked by eating "jajangmyeon", a noodle dish topped with a thick sauce made of black beans.
It's celebrated as a response to "White Day", an Asian Valentine's Day which falls a month earlier, on March 14.
"Outside South Korea, some people are worried, but we don't feel like that in our daily lives," said Choi Na-young, an office worker in central Seoul.
"All I can do is just try my best and work hard," said Choi, as she queued for noodles with colleagues. "So no matter what the outside world thinks, I came here to enjoy Black Day".
(Additional reporting by Ju-min Park and James Pearson; Writing and editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)
The former mayor of Higham Ferrers has presented cheques totalling more than £3,000 to her chosen charities.
Cllr Pam Whiting was the town's mayor for 2016/17 and chose to support two charities during her 12 months in the role.
She recently presented both charities with the money and said: “I would like to thank everyone who has supported me through my mayoral year.
“The events I have organised, a cheese and wine night, cartoon snail race and an afternoon tea, have been very enjoyable and well attended which helped to raise the grand sum of £3,840.
“This has been divided between my two charities, Warwickshire and Northamptonshire Air Ambulance and the Northamptonshire Association for the Blind.
“I am really pleased that the £1,920 for the air ambulance will cover the cost of one single call out.
“Also, in March I organised a ladies' lunch for International Ladies Day when a total of £500 was presented to Anita Smith for her Bansang Hospital Appeal in the Gambia.
“Thank you once again for the support.”
Cllr Peter Tomas took over from Cllr Whiting as mayor of Higham Ferrers last month.
Jun 25, 2016; Bethesda, MD, USA; John Senden of Australia hits his tee shot on the second hole during the third round of the Quicken Loans National golf tournament at Congressional Country Club - Blue Course. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports / Reuters
John Senden, a two-time winner on the PGA Tour, is taking an indefinite leave of absence while his teenage son battles a brain tumour, he announced on Saturday.
"Our son is undertaking the biggest challenge of his life thus far having been diagnosed with a brain tumour," the 46-year-old Australian said in a statement.
"As a family, we appreciate the support and kindness that everyone has offered us at this difficult time. Together, we will stand strong to tackle this disease and look forward to the day when Jacob is cancer free."
Jacob, 13, is the only child of Senden and his wife Jackie.
The family live primarily in north Texas.
Senden won the 2006 John Deere Classic and the 2014 Valspar Championship on the PGA Tour.
He also claimed the 2006 Australian Open in his homeland and has long been regarded as one of the best drivers in the game.
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by Clare Fallon)
JAKARTA, April 20 Indonesia's currency weakened slightly on Thursday after polls showed that the incumbent governor of Jakarta had lost his bid for re-election by a big margin.
Analysts had expected markets to have a negative "knee-jerk reaction" to incumbent Basuki Tjahaja Purnama's defeat, but said the investor attention would eventually return to the fundamentals.
The rupiah was last trading at 13,325 versus the U.S. dollar, 0.2 percent weaker than Tuesday's close of 13,295. Indonesian markets were closed on Wednesday. (Reporting by Eveline Danubrata; Editing by Eric Meijer)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - New orders for U.S.-made goods increased more than expected in December, but business spending on equipment appeared to be slowing after strong growth in 2017.
Factory goods orders rose 1.7 percent, advancing for a fifth straight month, the Commerce Department said on Friday. November's report was revised to show orders jumping 1.7 percent instead of the previously reported 1.3 percent increase.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast factory orders climbing 1.5 percent in December. Orders increased 6.0 percent in 2017.
Orders for non-defense capital goods excluding aircraft, which are seen as a measure of business spending plans, dropped 0.6 percent in December instead of falling 0.3 percent as reported last month. Orders for these so-called core capital goods edged up 0.1 percent in November.
Shipments of core capital goods, which are used to calculate business equipment spending in the gross domestic product report, rose 0.4 percent in December instead of increasing 0.6 percent as reported last month. Core capital goods shipments rose 0.3 percent in November.
Business spending soared last year, in part as companies anticipated a massive cut in the corporate income tax rate, which was passed by the Republican-controlled U.S. Congress and signed into law by President Donald Trump last month.
The overhaul of the tax code, the most sweeping in 30 years, slashed the corporate income tax rate to 21 percent from 35 percent. Business spending increased in the fourth quarter at its fastest clip in more than three years.
Strong business spending, a weakening dollar and strengthening global economy are supporting manufacturing, which makes up about 12 percent of the U.S. economy.
In December, orders for machinery rose 0.4 percent after falling 0.3 percent in November. Orders for industrial machinery rebounded 4.3 percent after slumping 4.4 percent. Orders for transportation equipment surged 7.1 percent after increasing 4.5 percent in November.
But orders for electrical equipment, appliances and components fell 0.9 percent. Orders for computers and electronic products slipped 0.1 percent. (Reporting By Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci) ((Lucia.Mutikani@thomsonreuters.com; 1 202 898 8315; Reuters Messaging: lucia.mutikani.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))
May 3 Pennymac Financial Services Inc:
* Pennymac Financial Services - on April 28, co through its units entered into a third amended and restated master repurchase agreement - SEC filing
* Pennymac Financial Services - agreement committed to April 27, 2018, together with certain master repurchase agreement dated as of Dec 19 2016
* Pennymac Financial Services Inc - agreement provides for a maximum combined purchase price of $1.5 billion
* Pennymac Financial Services Inc - maximum combined committed purchase price under repurchase agreement and VFN repurchase agreement is $700 million Source text: (bit.ly/2p9U3lr) Further company coverage:
April 3 Vectura Group Plc
* Sunovion Pharmaceuticals, US licensee of group's partner Novartis AG launched Utibron Neohaler in US
* Sunovion confirmed it expect to launch Seebri in US during next twelve months Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Repeats to additional clients. No change to text)
KUALA LUMPUR, April 15 Exports of Malaysian palm oil products for April 1-15 rose 15.2 percent to 567,280 tonnes, from 492,321 tonnes shipped during March 1-15, cargo surveyor Intertek Testing Services said on Saturday.
Here is the breakdown of the ITS palm export figures for April 1 to 15 compared with a month ago (in tonnes): PALM PRODUCTS
April 1 - 15 March 1 - 15 Crude palm oil 51,000 58,660 RBD palm oil 42,250 29,460 RBD palm olein 236,925 204,660 RBD palm stearin 67,880 32,955 Crude palm kernel oil 7,500 6,500 Palm fatty acid distillate 22,902 33,190 TOP PALM MARKETS
April 1 - 15 March 1 - 15 European Union 111,953 137,440 China 95,050 74,100 India & subcontinent 58,500 76,100 (Only selected palm products and destinations are displayed here; they may not add up to total exports) TOTAL PALM EXPORTS, BY MONTH Month Total Net Change m/m % March 1,076,240 +68,200 +6.8 February 1,008,040 -166,853 -14.2 January 1,174,893 +88,370 +8.1 December 1,086,523 -66,012 -5.7 November 1,152,535 -136,359 -10.6 October 1,288,894 -88,863 -6.5 September 1,377,757 -243,038 -15.0 August 1,620,795 +347,252 +27.3 July 1,273,543 +143,416 +12.7 June 1,130,127 -103,008 -8.4 May 1,233,135 +124,516 +11.2 April 1,108,619 -66,233 -5.6 March 1,174,852 +231,717 +24.6 February 943,135 -202,514 -17.7 Kuala Lumpur Newsroom, Tel: +603 2333 8046, Fax: +603 2161 3340, Bureau email: areuters@gmail.com (Reporting by Liz Lee; Editing by Stephen Coates)
In India, when it comes to party and celebration, everyone gets up on the tip of their toes. It is that time when you can actually see how enthusiastic everyone is. It certainly gives a sense of happiness and unity that one can never forget.
Events Decoration Bangalore
Contact
Syed Atif
917411111011
atif@meltingflowers.com Syed Atif917411111011
End
-- Be it a house party, wedding, reception orof the venue is a must! But why just stick to the old conventional way of decorating? It's time to add a modern twist to these designs.When one hears this, the first thing that comes to mind is dim lights, classy music, and good wine. But why not pep up the theme a bit? Try using old bottles and fairy lights. Yes, be creative with the design. Use bottles of different shapes, colors and sizes. Along with that, add some dream catchers and artificial flower hangings just for that 'extra' factor.With these, yourwill be the talk of the town. In case if you run out of ideas, you can always opt to hire a professional company to help you in this. You can also try this with house parties too!No more garlands and flowers. It's time for mirrors, bells, lights, origami and small umbrellas. Yes, all these are so now on trend and will make the decoration look stunning. Moreover, by putting mirrors and small mirror hangings, these just add on to the aesthetic look that people will appreciate.The other thing that you can try is cloth origami and drapes. This is more precise when it comes to a particular theme like the beach, where you can choose an open air ground and use shades of blue with white. Then go for swans, boats, etc. as décor using cloth origami to complete the decoration.Here, the backdrop should be in focus first. It will be a couple's first after marriage celebration. Now, they can try something which will be a visual treat, like paper flower lights, colorful bangle hangings, candles, small hearts hanging and other beautiful pieces to complete the. Then there are golden net drapes to make it look more gorgeous.You can also screen some of the pictures showing your togetherness. All these will make your reception memorable and unique.It is technically the first ceremonial celebration in a child's life. So mark the beginning of your baby with a colourful ambiance. Go for the photograph themed. Yes, it will certainly be a great experience. Hang pictures from the time you got to know that you are expecting a new member, to your child's first photograph. There will certainly be many clicks. So, instead of just saving them in the gallery or uploading on social media sites, use them as a décor.If you are planning for any occasion, be it a house or, marriage or reception décor, naming ceremony to birthday; plan your theme perfectly. But for perfect execution, one should absolutely take help from professionals and nail the celebration!
Children's Hospital and Medical Center just kicked off its fall Parenting U classes.
Sarah Weller, Spokesperson for Children's Hospital, says parents can take as many or as few courses as they would like.
She says the hospital offers Parenting U because they want to support parents in having happy, healthy children.
Weller says some of the most popular classes are back including preparing for a newborn, breastfeeding basics and mastering potty training.
Additionally, she says Children's Hospital will offer classes covering more complex topics.
"We've got one on behavior issues in children like ADHD, defiant disobedience. And then we have another class in October about raising resilient children. We live in a world where there's a lot of stress and a lot of bullying and even a lot of grief, even in small children. So this is how can I foster a resilient child who can cope and navigate those stresses in life.”
Weller says Parenting U classes are typically held from 6 to 7 p.m. in Children's Glow Auditorium at 8200 Dodge Street.
Registration is required for each session and is offered at ChildrensOmaha.org/ParentingU.
For those who cannot attend classes in person, a live stream of each session will be available. Weller says for those who attend in person, the hospital offers childcare and a light meal.
SHANGHAI Dalian Wanda Group Co Ltd will invest 70 billion yuan (8.06 billion pounds) in a health park in China's southwest, the firm said in a statement sent to Reuters on Monday, as some of the country's biggest companies look to tap demand for private healthcare.
Wanda, headed by China's richest man, Wang Jianlin, said it had signed an agreement with the Chengdu city government to create a 'park' with two international general hospitals, eight small specialized hospitals and 30 healthcare-related firms.
The investment comes as China's public hospitals are facing tough demands from a fast-ageing population and tightening budgets as the government looks to reduce state hospitals' reliance on drug sales. This is creating space for private firms.
Wanda - whose business includes property development, shopping malls, cinema chains and theme parks - has been spending heavily on parks around China related to sports, leisure and health, to capitalise on growing middle class demand.
Rival conglomerate Fosun International Ltd is also increasing its focus on healthcare and has announced various healthcare-related deals over the past year.
China's private hospital market has been a lure for local and foreign hospital operators, though changeable regulations regarding foreign investment in the sector, a dearth of doctors and nascent private insurance schemes have slowed growth.
(Reporting by Adam Jourdan; Editing by Christopher Cushing)
A man says he was attacked at Holler Park by three teenagers.
David Ciepluch, 67, says the three teenagers were skateboarding on the wooden deck around the Holler Park Lodge. He says he told them to skate on the asphalt, as to not ruin the wood, and took their photos to give to police should he find any damage.
He says one of the three boys started swearing at him and he followed them as they walked away to make sure they left. As they reached an exit, he says he got hit.
"I got smacked in the head with something," Ciepluch said. "I don't think it was a fist. I think it might have been a skateboard or some other object. I was quite stunned. I went to my knees and fighting off blows and other punches, hanging on to my dogs at the same time."
Ciepluch's left eye is nearly swollen shut. He says there are no major skull fractures or internal bleeding.
Ciepluch says the boys ran away laughing afterward. Because their neighborhood is pretty tight-knit, he says he thinks he has seen the boys before.
"It's disheartening because some of these teens, I've watched grow up in this neighborhood," Ciepluch said. "From young on, swimming in the pool, playing basketball. I've seen a couple of them, two maybe even the third one almost on a weekly basis as I walk by. Sometimes they say 'hi.' They know who I am. It isn't like they don't know me. They know me by sight."
Ciepluch says he has poured thousands of dollars and hours into helping restore the park. So when he saw someone potentially damaging the park he loves, he stepped up.
"We take care of the park," Ciepluch said. "It's public ownership of a common good."
While he hopes the boys get help in the future, he wants them to face consequences for what they did to him.
"If they continue on this track, they're going to ruin their own lives," Ciepluch said. "They need some kind of help."
He says he's going to need some time to heal both physically and mentally but Ciepluch won't be quiet if he sees someone doing something like this.
"I'll always speak up," Ciepluch said. "I've always been one for right and wrong and stick up for other people."
Milwaukee County Parks confirmed the Milwaukee County Sheriff contacted them about investigating the incident. However, the Sheriff's Department has not released any information yet.
ANKARA A Turkish opposition lawmaker has submitted an appeal to the European Court of Human Rights demanding the annulment of a referendum that granted President Tayyip Erdoğan sweeping executive powers.
Musa Cam, a lawmaker for the main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP), told Reuters he submitted an individual appeal independently from the one the party is expected to make to the European Court.
Despite opposition challenges, the ruling AK Party is pushing ahead with implementing the constitutional changes approved in the April 16 referendum.
Erdoğan will again become a member of the AKP at a party meeting on May 2, Prime Minister Binali Yildirim told reporters after Friday prayers. He is expected to be named as a candidate to lead the party at a congress on May 21.
Under the old constitution, the head of state had to remain impartial and renounce party ties.
In his application, seen by Reuters, Cam said a decision by Turkey's High Electoral Board (YSK) to allow unstamped ballots in the referendum had caused the outcome to be "illegitimate and not representative of the people's will".
Final results released by the YSK on Thursday showed 51.4 percent support for the "Yes" vote to approve the biggest changes to Turkey's political system in its modern history.
The results, which matched the preliminary figures released in the hours after polling closed on April 16, were released despite calls by the CHP to delay a final announcement while they appealed the vote. The YSK and a Turkish court, the council of state, have rejected or declined to hear the CHP appeals.
Erdoğan and the "Yes" camp have said appeals were an attempt to undermine the results of the vote, adding only the YSK had jurisdiction on the matter.
The package of 18 amendments passed in the referendum gives the president the authority to draft the budget, declare a state of emergency and issue decrees overseeing ministries without parliamentary approval.
(Reporting by Gulsen Solaker and Tuvan Gumrukcu; Editing by Angus MacSwan)
The Trenton Channel Power Plant, a coal-fired electricity plant operated by DTE Energy, is seen in Trenton south of Detroit, Michigan, U.S. April 2, 2017. P REUTERS/Rebecca Cook
The Trenton Channel Power Plant, a coal-fired electricity plant operated by DTE Energy, is seen in Trenton south of Detroit, Michigan, U.S. April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook
The River Rouge Power Plant, a coal-fired electricity plant operated by DTE Energy, is seen in River Rouge south of Detroit, Michigan, U.S. April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook
Dump trucks haul coal and sediment at the Black Butte coal mine outside Rock Springs, Wyoming, U.S. April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Jim Urquhart
Dump trucks haul coal and sediment at the Black Butte coal mine outside Rock Springs, Wyoming, U.S. April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Jim Urquhart
A mechanics works on mining equipment at the Black Butte coal mine outside Rock Springs, Wyoming, U.S. April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Jim Urquhart
Dump trucks haul coal and sediment at the Black Butte coal mine outside Rock Springs, Wyoming, U.S. April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Jim Urquhart
The Trenton Channel Power Plant, a coal-fired electricity plant operated by DTE Energy, is seen in Trenton south of Detroit, Michigan, U.S. April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook
The Robert W Scherer Power Plant, a coal-fired electricity plant operated by Georgia Power, a subsidiary of the Southern Company, in Juliette, Georgia, U.S. April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Aluka Berry
A dragline digs for coal at the Black Butte mine outside Rock Springs, Wyoming, U.S. April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Jim Urquhart
A dragline digs for coal at the Black Butte mine outside Rock Springs, Wyoming, U.S. April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Jim Urquhart
WASHINGTON/LOS ANGELES/NEW YORK When President Donald Trump signed an executive order last week to sweep away Obama-era climate change regulations, he said it would end America's "war on coal", usher in a new era of energy production and put miners back to work.
But the biggest consumers of U.S. coal - power generating companies - remain unconvinced.
Reuters surveyed 32 utilities with operations in the 26 states that sued former President Barack Obama's administration to block its Clean Power Plan, the main target of Trump's executive order. The bulk of them have no plans to alter their multi-billion dollar, years-long shift away from coal, suggesting demand for the fuel will keep falling despite Trump's efforts.
The utilities gave many reasons, mainly economic: Natural gas - coal's top competitor - is cheap and abundant; solar and wind power costs are falling; state environmental laws remain in place; and Trump's regulatory rollback may not survive legal challenges.
Meanwhile, big investors aligned with the global push to fight climate change – such as the Norwegian Sovereign Wealth Fund – have been pressuring U.S. utilities in which they own stakes to cut coal use.
"I'm not going to build new coal plants in today's environment," said Ben Fowke, CEO of Xcel Energy (XEL.N), which operates in eight states and uses coal for about 36 percent of its electricity production. "And if I'm not going to build new ones, eventually there won't be any."
Of the 32 utilities contacted by Reuters, 20 said Trump's order would have no impact on their investment plans; five said they were reviewing the implications of the order; six gave no response. Just one said it would prolong the life of some of its older coal-fired power units.
North Dakota's Basin Electric Power Cooperative was the sole utility to identify an immediate positive impact of Trump's order on the outlook for coal.
"We're in the situation where the executive order takes a lot of pressure off the decisions we had to make in the near term, such as whether to retrofit and retire older coal plants," said Dale Niezwaag, a spokesman for Basin Electric. "But Trump can be a one-termer, so the reprieve out there is short."
Trump's executive order triggered a review aimed at killing the Clean Power Plan. The Obama-era law would have required states, by 2030, to collectively cut carbon emissions from existing power plants by 30 percent from 2005 levels. It was designed as a primary strategy in U.S. efforts to fight global climate change.
The U.S. coal industry, without increases in domestic demand, would need to rely on export markets for growth. Shipments of U.S. metallurgical coal, used in the production of steel, have recently shown up in China following a two-year hiatus - in part to offset banned shipments from North Korea and temporary delays from cyclone-hit Australian producers.
RETIRING AND RETROFITTING
Coal had been the primary fuel source for U.S. power plants for the last century, but its use has fallen more than a third since 2008 after advancements in drilling technology unlocked new reserves of natural gas.
Hundreds of aging coal-fired power plants have been retired or retrofitted. Huge coal mining companies like Peabody Energy Corp(BTU.N) and Arch Coal(ARCH.N) fell into bankruptcy, and production last year hit its lowest point since 1978.
The slide appears likely to continue: U.S. power companies now expect to retire or convert more than 8,000 megawatts of coal-fired plants in 2017 after shutting almost 13,000 MW last year, according to U.S. Energy Information Administration and Thomson Reuters data.
Luke Popovich, a spokesman for the National Mining Association, acknowledged Trump's efforts would not return the coal industry to its "glory days," but offered some hope.
"There may not be immediate plans for utilities to bring on more coal, but the future is always uncertain in this market," he said.
Many of the companies in the Reuters survey said they had been focused on reducing carbon emissions for a decade or more and were hesitant to change direction based on shifting political winds in Washington D.C.
"Utility planning typically takes place over much longer periods than presidential terms of office," Berkshire Hathaway Inc-owned (BRKa.N) Pacificorp spokesman Tom Gauntt said.
Several utilities also cited falling costs for wind and solar power, which are now often as cheap as coal or natural gas, thanks in part to government subsidies for renewable energy.
In the meantime, activist investors have increased pressure on U.S. utilities to shun coal.
In the last year, Norway's sovereign wealth fund, the world's largest, has excluded more than a dozen U.S. power companies - including Xcel, American Electric Power Co Inc (AEP.N) and NRG Energy Inc - from its investments because of their reliance on coal-fired power.
Another eight companies, including Southern Co (SO.N) and NorthWestern Corp (NWE.N), are "under observation" by the fund.
Wyoming-based coal miner Cloud Peak Energy (CLD.N) said it doesn't blame utilities for being lukewarm to Trump's order.
"For eight years, if you were a utility running coal, you got the hell kicked out of you," said Richard Reavey, a spokesman for the company. "Are you going to turn around tomorrow and say, 'Let's buy lots of coal plants'? Pretty unlikely."
(Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Brian Thevenot)
May 2 Indonesian property developer PT Lippo Karawaci Tbk says in a stock exchange filing:
* First-quarter net profit fell 54 percent to 143 billion rupiah ($10.75 million) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 13,308.00 rupiah) (Reporting by Eveline Danubrata)
March 28 Ladbrokes Coral Group Plc:
* 2016 final results
* Final results for year ended 31 december 2016
* Fy proformagroup revenue (2) of £2,351.9m, up 11 pct driven by strong growth in digital and European retail
* Fy proforma group ebitda (2) of £380.7m, up 14 pct
* Fy proforma group operating profit (2)/(4) of £264.3m, up 22 pct; digital operating profit +125 pct, european retail operating profit +219 pct (6)
* Full year dividend of 3p (1p interim and 2p final)
* Net debt of £1,089.5m, 2.86x proforma ebitda
* Cost synergy guidance upgraded from £65m to £100m.
* Ladbrokes coral - while we face some short term uncertainty with triennial review, scale, talent and agility we have in this business represent real strengths going forward
* For period 1 january 2017 to 19 March 2017, sports results have been mixed in year to date
* For period 1 january 2017 to 19 March 2017,uk retail otc margins and uk digital sportsbook margins around 1pp ahead of last year
* For period 1 january 2017 to 19 March 2017, total group net revenue was 2 pct ahead of last year after adjusting uk retail for leap-year extra day in 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
Last week's humiliating Europa League exit against Red Bull Salzburg was the most significant piece of evidence yet that Borussia Dortmund is a bridge too far for Peter Stöger.
But they could have been out even earlier were it not for Michy Batshuayi's two first-leg goals against Atalanta in the previous round.
In the Bundesliga, the Belgian's goals have been even more vital. Without them, Borussia Dortmund would be eight points worse off and four points outside of the Champions League places – the absolute minimum target as stated by the club.
His two debut goals helped Dortmund to a 3-2 win away at Stöger's old club, Cologne, in February while his late heroics spared BVB's blushes against Frankfurt last week.
DW's Matt Ford thinks Stöger is lucky to have Batshuayi
Against Hannover, one moment of brilliance from the Belgian was all it took to maintain Stöger's unbeaten Bundesliga record – and keep him in a job.
While their German Cup defeat to Bayern in Stöger's second game was understandable, going out of the Europa League with a meek goalless draw against the Austrian champions was less forgivable. The Europa League was an eminently winnable competition for a team of Dortmund's quality – and remains the only major honor the storied club hasn't won.
Were they at risk of failing to qualify for the Champions League too, it's difficult to see how Stöger could have retained the support of the Dortmund hierarchy, even at such an early stage.
Batshuayi - in a class of his own
Ironically, the player the Austrian has to thank is a player who doesn't belong to the club.
"It simply wasn't possible to get an option to buy, not for the life of us," said CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke when finalizing Batshuayi's loan deal from Chelsea. "When [Chelsea's Russian owner] Roman Abramovich says no, it means no."
The finances aren't the issue; Dortmund were ranked 12th in the 2018 Deloitte Football Money League with a total revenue of €332.6m ($409m). They have made a net profit of over €130m ($160m) this season alone - thanks in part to the sale of players of Batshuayi's caliber. They are the kind of players BVB just can't keep.
Marco Reus said he hoped his decision to sign a new contract until 2023 would send "a signal" to his teammates that they can "build something sustainable" in Dortmund. Much of that will depend upon Stöger's long-term successor.
For the time being, Stöger is fortunate to have a player of Batshuayi's quality keeping him in a job.
Dive Brief:
An examination of Harvard's endowment spending by lendingtree.com found one-third of the institution's operating funds come from the endowment, while more than $78.2 million per year goes to the salaries of endowment and portfolio managers.
Faculty salaries, financial aid and academic programs are also funded through the endowment, but critics say given the nonprofit status of the institutions, more can and should be done to promote affordability and access for more students.
The report, however, does not break down how much endowment spending is actually given to merit and need-based scholarship support, and doesn't discuss the conditions attached to the funds typically given to college endowments.
Dive Insight:
In analyzing elite private institutions which only receive public funding from tuition, federal research grants and contracts and which are typically attended by students who can afford most of the costs, there is an unfair assertion that under-resourced students are being deprived of earned support.
The harsh reality for college leaders is that public confidence in higher education is dwindling because of business models which no longer effectively serve most of the population. Too many buildings, too many employees and not enough resources for technology and remediation are compounded by the fact that too many students are not prepared for college-level work. It is up to presidents to make the case of how endowment investments enhance the college experience, and are essential to distinguishing programs of strength and brand for future growth.
Formula One - F1 - Chinese Grand Prix - Shanghai, China - 09/04/17 - Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain leads the race at the start of the Chinese Grand Prix at the Shanghai International Circuit. REUTERS/Aly Song
Formula One - F1 - Chinese Grand Prix - Shanghai, China - 09/04/17 - Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain leads the race at the start of the Chinese Grand Prix at the Shanghai International Circuit. REUTERS/Aly Song
Formula One - F1 - Chinese Grand Prix - Shanghai, China - 09/04/17 - Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain drives during the Chinese Grand Prix at the Shanghai International Circuit. REUTERS/Aly Song -
Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain gets the checkered flag to win the Chinese Formula One Grand Prix at the Shanghai International Circuit in Shanghai, China, Sunday, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Andy Wong/Pool -
Formula One - F1 - Chinese Grand Prix - Shanghai, China - 09/04/17 - Winner Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain celebrates on the podium with Ferrari driver Sebastian Vettel of Germany and Red Bull Racing driver Max Verstappen of the Netherlands after the Chinese Grand Prix at the Shanghai International Circuit. REUTERS/Aly Song
Formula One - F1 - Chinese Grand Prix - Shanghai, China - 09/04/17 - Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain celebrates on the podium after winning the Chinese Grand Prix at the Shanghai International Circuit. REUTERS/Aly Song
Formula One - F1 - Chinese Grand Prix - Shanghai, China - 09/04/17 - Winner Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain celebrates on the podium with Ferrari driver Sebastian Vettel of Germany and Red Bull Racing driver Max Verstappen of the Netherlands after the Chinese Grand Prix at the Shanghai International Circuit. REUTERS/Aly Song
Formula One - F1 - Chinese Grand Prix - Shanghai, China - 09/04/17 - Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain celebrates with champagne on the podium after winning the Chinese Grand Prix at the Shanghai International Circuit. REUTERS/Aly Song
Mercedes' British driver Lewis Hamilton drives his car into the pit lane during the Formula One Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Andy Wong/Pool
Formula One - F1 - Chinese Grand Prix - Shanghai, China - 09/04/17 - Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain drives during the Chinese Grand Prix at the Shanghai International Circuit. REUTERS/Aly Song
Formula One - F1 - Chinese Grand Prix - Shanghai, China - 09/04/17 - Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain celebrates after winning the Chinese Grand Prix at the Shanghai International Circuit. REUTERS/Aly Song
Formula One - F1 - Chinese Grand Prix - Shanghai, China - 09/04/17 - Winner Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain celebrates on the podium with Ferrari driver Sebastian Vettel of Germany and Red Bull Racing driver Max Verstappen of the Netherlands after the Chinese Grand Prix at the Shanghai International Circuit. REUTERS/Aly Song
Formula One - F1 - Chinese Grand Prix - Shanghai, China - 09/04/17 - Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain celebrates on the podium after winning the Chinese Grand Prix at the Shanghai International Circuit. REUTERS/Aly Song
Formula One - F1 - Chinese Grand Prix - Shanghai, China - 09/04/17 - Winner Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain celebrates on the podium with Ferrari driver Sebastian Vettel of Germany and Red Bull Racing driver Max Verstappen of the Netherlands after the Chinese Grand Prix at the Shanghai International Circuit. REUTERS/Aly Song
SHANGHAI Lewis Hamilton mastered Shanghai's changing conditions and stayed clear of squabbling rivals to win the Chinese Formula One Grand Prix on Sunday.
The Briton eased his Mercedes across the line 6.2 seconds ahead of Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel. Max Verstappen, who started 16th, finished a surprise third to hand his Red Bull team their 100th podium.
It was Hamilton's 54th career win and a record fifth in Shanghai. But it was the triple champion's first this season and returned Mercedes to the top of the podium after Vettel won last month's season-opening race for a resurgent Ferrari.
"I'm so happy with my first win of the year and I can't believe it if I'm honest,” said Hamilton after the race, which also handed him his 106th podium, putting him joint second with Alain Prost on the list of drivers with most rostrum results.
"What I said to Sebastian as I left the last race … I said I'm coming back in the next one. When I got on the podium it was like ‘I told you'."
Hamilton, who finished second to Vettel in Melbourne, heads into the next race in Bahrain in a week's time tied on points with the German.
Mercedes, meanwhile, lead the constructors' standings by one point over Ferrari.
Hamilton started from pole position, but the conditions were a bit of a lottery for all the drivers with the track damp in patches but drying quickly.
He kept the lead off the line ahead of Vettel, who came under investigation for lining up out of position on his grid slot.
The German, though, stayed second, fending off Valtteri Bottas in the other Mercedes, who had started third.
Lance Stroll, the 18-year-old rookie, spun off the track on the first lap after making contact with Force India's Sergio Perez. The Canadian beached his Williams in the gravel, bringing out the virtual safety car.
Vettel took the opportunity to dive into the pits to change to dry weather tyres.
His gamble backfired when Antonio Giovinazzi — standing in for Pascal Wehrlein at Sauber — crashed, bringing out the actual safety car two laps later.
The four-times world champion found himself bottled up behind Ricciardo and his slower team-mate Kimi Raikkonen, costing him valuable time. As the trio squabbled for position, Hamilton pulled clear at the front.
By the time Vettel managed to get past, with a series of spectacular overtaking moves that included banging wheels with his former team-mate, Hamilton was too far ahead.
"The safety car came just when I was about to start to feel that the dry tyre was a lot quicker,” Vettel said. "So I couldn't use the momentum, the advantage and I lost a lot of positions.
"But then I had a very exciting race."
Ricciardo finished fourth for Red Bull, crossing the line just 0.8 seconds behind Verstappen after hassling the Dutchman in the closing stages of the 56-lap race. Raikkonen crossed the line a frustrated fifth.
Bottas finished sixth. The Finn, who has replaced retired champion Nico Rosberg at Mercedes, dropped him down the field after spinning behind the safety car.
Fifteen cars finished Sunay's race, with neither McLaren making it to the flag.
Fernando Alonso, who "pushed like an animal" on Saturday to qualify 13th, had gone into the race aiming to capitalise on the mixed conditions to score his first points of the year, but his hopes were dashed by a driveshaft failure. Team-mate Stoffel Vandoorne was sidelined with fuel pressure problems.
(Editing by Larry King)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* Greek govt yields drop to lowest since 2014
* Analysts still worry over IMF's absence from Greek deal
* Other euro zone yields rise as Nowotny proposes ECB rethink (Updates prices, adds ECB data)
By Abhinav Ramnarayan
LONDON, May 2 Greece's borrowing costs hit their lowest since late 2014 on Tuesday after Athens announced it had agreed a deal on bailout reforms, paving the way for a disbursement of rescue funds.
Greece and its foreign creditors reached a deal early on Tuesday on a package of bailout-mandated reforms, Greek Finance Minister Euclid Tsakalotos said, a move that should unlock cash needed to repay upcoming debt obligations and avoid a default.
But analysts said yields were likely to remain well above euro zone peers until there is certainty over future debt relief and whether the International Monetary Fund will be involved in the country's third bailout.
"Greece has bought some time, but the IMF needs to be involved for a real breakthrough," said DZ Bank strategist Daniel Lenz. "There is no breakthrough on the question of major debt relief for Greece, which would be a real trigger for market movement."
A German Finance Ministry spokesman said the deal was an important intermediate step, adding that more clarity was still needed on issues like Greece's primary surplus.
The yield on short-dated Greek government bonds fell 60 basis points to 5.89 percent, its lowest level since October 2014.
Ten-year Greek bond yields tumbled 42 basis points to 6.06 percent, the lowest since September 2014.
Talks between Greece and its creditors have dragged on for half a year, mainly due to a rift between the EU and the IMF over fiscal targets.
The IMF believes more relief for Greece is needed for the country's debt profile to be sustainable.
The fall in Greek yields came against a backdrop of rising borrowing costs for most other euro zone countries as ECB governing council member Ewald Nowotny flagged a potential re-evaluation of the central bank's ultra-loose stance.
The European Central Bank will have to hold a discussion next month about its strategy for 2018 and the eventual exit from its ultra-easy monetary policy, Nowotny said in comments published on Tuesday.
Germany's 10-year government bond yields, the region's benchmark, were up 1 bps at 0.33 percent, and most other high-rated government bond yields were marginally higher.
A key market gauge of long-term euro zone inflation expectations, the five-year five-year breakeven rate, rose to 1.6563 percent, its highest level in about six weeks.
Italian and Portuguese government bonds underperformed, rising 2-3 bps .
But they trimmed increases in late trade after data showed the ECB bought more French and Italian bonds than its own rules allow last month, which probably helped keep financial markets calm in the tense run-up to the first round of France's presidential vote. (Additional reporying by Dhara Ranasinghe; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
May 2 Holly Energy Partners Lp:
* Holly Energy Partners L.P. reports first quarter results
* Q1 revenue $105.6 million versus I/B/E/S view $117.3 million
* Qtrly net income attributable to Holly Energy Partners for Q1 $0.13 per diluted limited partner unit
* Holly Energy Partners - excluding loss on early extinguishment of debt, net income attributable to co for Q1 $0.32 per diluted limited partner unit
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.49 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
By Martin Evans
A convicted killer, who escaped from custody six months ago, fooled prison staff into believing he was seriously ill by losing up to 25.4kg, it has been revealed.
Shaun Walmsley, 28, was serving a 30-year prison term for murder, when he was sprung by two armed men during a hospital visit in Liverpool in February.
It has now emerged that he starved himself for three months to convince the prison authorities that he was seriously ill.
Advertisement
Using mobile phones smuggled into the prison, Walmsley, a gangland drug dealer, was able to plan his escape with associates on the outside.
Walmsley had been jailed for life with a minimum term of 30 years, after being convicted of the murder of Anthony Duffy, 33, who was lured to a street near Aintree racecourse and repeatedly stabbed in May 2014.
CCTV caught the moment three armed men sprung convicted killer Shaun Walmsley. Photo: MERSEYSIDE POLICE CCTV caught the moment three armed men sprung convicted killer Shaun Walmsley. Photo: MERSEYSIDE POLICE
Police believe Walmsley began planning his escape after an appeal against the severity of his sentence was rejected late last year.
After secretly starving himself, Walmsley managed to shed 25kg, fooling the medical staff in HMP Liverpool into believing he was seriously ill.
As part of his treatment he was referred to specialists at Aintree University Hospital in Liverpool.
But while there, a security lapse allowed him to discover the date of his follow-up appointment, allowing him to organise his escape.
Despite his gangland connections, Walmsley was transferred to hospital in a minicab, accompanied by three prison guards.
As he was leaving the hospital two masked men armed with a machine gun and a machete jumped from a gold-coloured Volvo.
They threatened the guards, who released Walmsley and the gang fled in the Volvo.
Police believe he then switched to a second car, which took him to Cheetham Hill, Manchester.
Walmsley's associates used a gold coloured Volvo which was later found abandoned by police CREDIT: MERSEYSIDE POLICE Walmsley's associates used a gold coloured Volvo which was later found abandoned by police CREDIT: MERSEYSIDE POLICE
He is then thought to have been provided with new identity documents before fleeing the country. He has not been seen since and remains at large.
Merseyside Detective Superintendent Natalie Perischine said Walmsley was a "particularly dangerous individual" who had been able to organise his escape thanks to the availability of a mobile phone in prison.
Last week Merseyside police raided 11 properties, while staff at HMP Liverpool searched nine cells, seizing six mobile phones, in connection to Walmsley's escape.
Perischine said: "Shaun Walmsley is a convicted killer who was sentenced to life for murder with a tariff of 30 years. He is a cold-blooded murderer and a particularly dangerous individual and we are determined to find him.
"If you have assisted him in his escape from custody, or are providing him with the means to evade capture, we will come for you too. So think again about what you are doing and where your actions could lead to in the long term. Do the decent thing and let us know where he is."
CCTV of Walmsley at hospital on the day of his escape. Photo: MERSEYSIDE POLICE CCTV of Walmsley at hospital on the day of his escape. Photo: MERSEYSIDE POLICE
Thirty people, including a man from Liverpool who was on the run in Spain, have been arrested in the investigation into Walmsley's escape.
Although there have been numerous alleged sightings across the UK, police believe he has left the country.
Perischine added: "We believe that Walmsley is probably abroad and therefore will need money to exist. Someone is funding him and in time it could prove to be exceptionally costly.
"My question to the person or persons who are helping Walmsley by providing him with cash for accommodation and general living expenses is this: do you realise how much this will cost you in the long run and for what?
"Are you prepared to risk everything, including your lifestyle, family and friends, because that is what you are doing."
An employee walks on a crane at a container terminal at Incheon port in Incheon, South Korea, May 26, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji/File Photo
WASHINGTON A five-year-old U.S.-South Korean trade deal could be improved to increase access for American vehicles and deter currency manipulation, but changes will not necessarily shrink the U.S. trade deficit with the Asian export powerhouse.
The U.S.-Korean Free Trade Agreement, whose anniversary falls next week, had promised to boost U.S. exports by $10 billion a year but in fact delivered an overall decline of $3 billion by the end of 2016, in part due to a slowdown in global trade.
But the record of the accord, once dubbed the "highest standard deal" for America, is now in President Donald Trump's firing line. He told Reuters on Thursday the deal was "horrible" and he would renegotiate or terminate it.
KORUS, as the deal is known, has been a boon for South Korea and its U.S. goods trade surplus has surged to $28 billion.
"The standards in KORUS are good. The problem is that the South Korean economy is very weak," said Derek Scissors, resident scholar and Asian trade expert at the American Enterprise Institute. "Even if we renegotiate it, we're not going to get a surge in exports because they're just not growing that fast."
Meanwhile, the U.S. economy is strengthening, supporting consumer demand for imported goods, including cars and electronics from South Korea.
One sector for which the trade deal has not gone horribly is U.S. beef, where exports have risen steadily to overtake Australia as the top foreign supplier to South Korea in February. American beef had been shunned by South Korean consumers after a 2003 incident of "mad cow" disease and was often sold cheaper than Australian beef in Korean hypermarkets like Costco.
Trade experts, including a KORUS negotiator, said potential demands from the Trump administration for renegotiation are likely to include provisions to knock down remaining non-tariff barriers to Korean imports of U.S. autos, an area where KORUS benefits have fallen far short of expectations.
Even though the South Korean car market is among the world's top 10, the United States only exported about 60,000 vehicles to Korea last year, compared to nearly 1 million vehicles shipped the other way.
"Their market remains essentially closed. There needs to be a plan to open it up," said Representative Sander Levin of Michigan, the top Democrat on the House Ways and Means Committee.
Barriers, from South Korea's failure to recognise U.S. vehicle identification number standards to a penalty fee for high-emission vehicles including sport-utility vehicles and "muscle" cars, have raised costs for U.S. vehicles in the market.
Wendy Cutler, a former deputy U.S. Trade Representative who was the chief negotiator on KORUS during the George W. Bush and Barack Obama administrations, said the Trump administration's recent draft notification letter to Congress for North American Free Trade Agreement talks sets out some guideposts for a KORUS negotiation.
The letter seeks to equalize tax treatment of exports, safeguard "Buy American" public procurement rules, tighten rules of origin to keep more Chinese parts and products from entering the United States tariff-free and include "snap-back" provisions that allow tariffs to be reimposed to guard against a surge of damaging imports.
Cutler also said that while KORUS is the highest-standard trade deal that the United States currently has in force, it could still be upgraded to the now defunct Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal's higher standards on environment, labour, intellectual property rights and digital trade.
South Korea was not a party to the TPP, but it "might be able to go further on digital data flows because they're a very wired society," said Cutler, now with the Asia Society Policy Institute in Washington.
CURRENCY QUESTION
A provision to deter currency manipulation, enforceable with punitive tariffs, has long been a goal for labour unions and Democrats for U.S. trade deals and also could become part of the talks.
The U.S. Treasury keeps South Korea on a currency manipulation "monitoring list" because of its trade surplus with the United States and its high global current account surplus of 7 percent of gross domestic product. It also criticized Seoul's lack of transparency in its currency market interventions.
Ford Motor Co (F.N) spokeswoman Christin Baker said the automaker has "consistently supported" currency manipulation rules in U.S. trade agreements.
"We have expressed concern about the implementation of KORUS for some time, including its lack of currency provisions," Baker said in an emailed statement.
Jeffrey Schott, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, said that KORUS provisions could be crafted for foreign exchange transparency and interventions that could help enforce South Korea's G20 and International Monetary Fund pledges to avoid competitive currency devaluations.
"If the administration wanted to establish a precedent for new rules against currency manipulation, this might be an appropriate venue to do that," Schott said.
(Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by David Chance and James Dalgleish)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LAS VEGAS, April 12 Six followers of Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy used "armed force, threats and intimidation" against federal law enforcement officers during a tense 2014 standoff, prosecutors said, wrapping up their conspiracy case against the men on Wednesday.
The six defendants are the first of 17 people to go on trial on charges related to the standoff at Bundy's property near Bunkerville, 75 miles (120 km) northeast of Las Vegas in a case that has come to symbolize tensions in the U.S. West over the federal ownership of land that ranchers use to graze cattle.
Bundy and two of his sons are defendants in the second of three scheduled federal trials later this year.
The men, who prosecutors have said were associated with or had been in contact with militia groups, were among hundreds who traveled to the ranch to stand up for Bundy, whose refusal to pay $1 million in grazing fees for running his cattle on federal land became a cause celebre on the political right.
“They thought they were going to die out there for simply carrying out their duties,” Assistant United States Attorney Nicholas Dickinson said of the outgunned Bureau of Land Management rangers and National Park Service officers who were assigned to provide security for a court-ordered roundup of Bundy's cattle.
In closing arguments, he described the tension in the days leading up to the April 12 standoff, including communication between Bundy family members and armed militia groups.
Lawyers for the defendants said in their closing arguments that the men did not pose a threat but were simply backing Bundy in a dispute over the government's land-use policy.
"Some people protest with signs. Other people protest with guns," said Jess Marchese, who represents defendant Eric Parker.
The men are all charged with conspiracy against the government, conspiracy to impede a federal officer, assault, threatening, obstruction of justice, extortion, interstate travel in aid of extortion, and using a firearm during a crime of violence.
The eight-week trial in U.S. District Judge Gloria Navarro's courtroom made use of voluminous audio, video and still photography that captured the drama, which ended peacefully.
Throughout the trial of Gregory Burleson, O. Scott Drexler, Todd Engel, Ricky Lovelien, Parker and Steven Stewart, defense attorneys described their clients as patriotic citizens who learned from social media and the internet of federal efforts to remove Bundy's cattle from federal public lands.
Closing arguments for the defense were due to continue on Thursday. (Reporting by John L. Smith in Las Vegas; Editing by Sharon Bernstein, Toni Reinhold)
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) — Authorities have found the body of a high school coach reported missing last week.
Hector Torres, 52, who coaches for Gulliver Preparatory Academy's girls softball, went missing last Tuesday, along with his 2002 black Chevy Yukon SUV.
His body was found early Monday morning at Coral Reef Park. Police say Torres killed himself by hanging. His Yukon was parked nearby.
Gulliver issued a statement expressing deep sorrow for his passing.
“Hector was a valued member of our Gulliver community. His contributions on and off the field have left a lasting impact on so many of us,” The statement said in part. “We express our most heartfelt condolences to Hector's family and friends.”
A tenant, at a home Torres owned in southwest Miami-Dade, and where Torres lived in a rear efficiency, told CBS4 News Perez was not married, lived alone, and had a girlfriend in Spain.
At Gulliver, where some students were preparing for the opening of the school year Thursday, news of Torres' suicide was a blow.
“He was a really good guy. He always did the best for the class,” one student told CBS4.
“It's a shame. It's a real loss,” another student said.
Torres not only brought girls softball championships home to Gulliver over a period of more than 20 years, but he was known and respected internationally.
He was a Pan-American games champion, and a member of the coaching team that brought the 2004 U.S. women's softball team to an Olympic gold medal in Athens.
Police have released nothing as to why Torres would want to commit suicide. If he left a note, investigators are not saying.
Gulliver said crisis counselors will be on campus to help faculty and students cope with the long-time, much admired coach's death.
COLUMBIA, Mo. — Missouri forward Jontay Porter has withdrawn his name from NBA draft and will return for his sophomore season.
The school announced Porter's decision on Wednesday, the final day the 6-foot-11 forward could remove his name from the draft and return to the Tigers for next season. Porter followed the lead of his brother, Michael Porter Jr., in declaring for the draft last month, but he didn't hire an agent.
Jontay Porter averaged 9.9 points and 6.8 rebounds per game as a freshman for Missouri, doing so after reclassifying his prep eligibility and skipping his senior year of high school so he could join his brother with the Tigers. He earned Southeastern Conference Co-Sixth Man of the Year honours and was named to the league's All-Freshman team.
The 18-year-old took part in the NBA's draft combine two weeks ago and was projected to be taken late in the first round or early in the second.
April 5 Australian shares ticked up modestly on Wednesday, supported by gains in material and energy stocks amid a backdrop of cautious trade before a potentially tense meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping later this week.
The S&P/ASX 200 index rose 0.07 percent, or 3.95 points, to 5,860.50 by 0230 GMT.
"Markets are really on hold at the moment," said Ric Spooner, Chief market strategist at CMC markets, adding that investors are looking to catalysts from the Trump-Xi meeting as well as the U.S. earnings season.
Global markets have been on edge ahead of the first face-to-face meeting between the U.S. and Chinese leaders since Trump took office on Jan. 20. Trade and security issues are set to figure prominently, with concern also squarely on North Korea, which fired a ballistic missile from its east coast into the sea on Wednesday.
The material index rose 2.2 percent, with heavyweights BHP Billiton Ltd and Rio Tinto Ltd rising over 2 percent.
Copper prices rallied as China returned from a two-day break to buy up metals following brighter global manufacturing reports.
Oil prices also jumped overnight to near one-month highs. Woodside Petroleum Ltd rose 1.3 percent.
"Commodity and oil markets have had some support from a strong round of manufacturing PMI data, particularly from Europe, USA, and China, Spooner said.
Gold prices held near one-month highs hit the day before, while China's coking coal futures jumped as much as 7 percent, as impact of Cyclone Debbie hit supplies at key Australian mines.
Gold miner St Barbara Ltd rose 3.2 percent, while coal miner Whitehaven Coal Ltd extended its gains, rising 1.2 percent.
Insurance Australia Group fell 1.9 percent, after it said that claims from cyclone Debbie will incur a net natural peril claims cost of about A$140 million ($105.95 million), increasing its expectation for full year 2017 net natural peril claim costs to A$850 million.
Financial stocks remained under pressure, down 0.4 percent, with Westpac Banking Corp weighing on the index. Consumer stocks were also in the red, the second biggest drag on the benchmark, with retailer Wesfarmers Ltd declining 1.6 percent.
New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index slipped 0.2 percent, or 16.55 points, to 7,227.99.
Material and utilities stocks shed the most on the index, with Fletcher Building Ltd losing 2.5 percent, while Meridian Energy Ltd fell 1.4 percent.
Healthcare stock, Fisher & Paykel Healthcare Corp Ltd was among the biggest losers, falling more than 1 percent.
For more individual stocks activity click on ($1 = 1.3214 Australian dollars) (Reporting by Krishna V Kurup in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Susan Mathew; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
Deals of the day-Mergers and acquisitions
June 14 The following bids, mergers, acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2000 GMT on Wednesday:
U.S. President Donald Trump walks from Marine One as he returns from a day trip to Atlanta on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump spoke to the leaders of Thailand and Singapore on Sunday in separate phone calls about the security situation in the Asia-Pacific region at a time of rising tensions with North Korea and invited both to visit Washington, the White House said.
Thailand Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha, a former general, heads a military-dominated government that took power in a 2014 coup. His government had strained relations with Trump's predecessor, Barack Obama.
(Reporting by Lindsay Dunsmuir and Matt Spetalnick; Editing by Peter Cooney)
The logo of Exxon Mobil Corporation is shown on a monitor above the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in New York, December 30, 2015. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/File Photo
OSLO Exxon Mobil (XOM.N) has agreed to sell its operated upstream business in Norway to private equity firm HitecVision and oil company Point Resources for an undisclosed sum, it said on Wednesday.
The deal means that the world's largest listed oil firm will no longer operate producing fields on the Norwegian continental shelf, making it the second oil major to scale back its presence in less than a year after BP (BP.L) in 2016.
Exxon Mobil retains stakes in more than 20 producing fields operated by Statoil (STL.OL) and Shell (RDSa.L) however, including the Snorre oilfield and the major Ormen Lange gas field.
The sale of stakes in the Jotun, Balder and Ringhorne fields, along with some related production assets and properties, had long been rumored in local media.
"It's a natural part of business to assess whether such assets could be worth more to others than they are to us. We'll remain a significant investor in Norway however," Exxon spokesman Tore Revaa said.
The fields sold had daily output of 54,000 barrels of oil equivalents in 2016, while Exxon's remaining Norwegian stakes yielded about 170,000 barrels per day.
Norwegian financial daily Dagens Naeringsliv, citing unnamed sources, said the deal was valued at close to 8 billion Norwegian crowns ($935 million). The companies declined to comment when contacted by Reuters.
Point Resources, which is majority owned by HitecVision, will have output of about 60,000 barrels of oil equivalent following the deal, which could grow to about 80,000 barrels in 2022, it said in a separate statement.
"Given the number of development plans and other opportunities, no redundancies are expected within the combined company as a result of the transaction," it added.
Following the deal, Point's reserves and contingent resources will amount to about 350 million barrels of oil equivalent.
The switch of ownership, which the companies hope to complete in the fourth quarter of 2017, must be approved by the Norwegian government.
Energy Minister Terje Soeviknes said in a statement the deal could bring more diversity and competition to the oil industry.
"The transaction ... is exciting because it makes Point a significant player while Exxon Mobil remains a large producer," he added.
BP last year sold all its Norwegian assets to oil firm Det Norske in exchange for cash and a 30 percent stake in the new company, named Aker BP (AKERBP.OL).
(Reporting by Nerijus Adomaitis and Terje Solsvik, editing by Louise Heavens/Ruth Pitchford)
March 31Fuan Pharmaceutical Group Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 175 percent to 201 percent, or to be 84 million yuan to 92 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (30.5 million yuan)
* Says increased revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/zBrYZn
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Goods that are never delivered, upfront fees and bogus invoices are among the scams most likely to fool bank customers, according to NatWest.
The bank has revealed that nearly 7,000 customers have become the victims of fraudsters since the start of 2016.
The lender, which under RBS chief executive Ross McEwan has been aiming to make itself a “safer, simpler bank”, says “goods not received” cases – when someone pays for items or services that are never delivered – were the most common scam.
These account for 2,073 cases seen by the bank – or about three in ten scams carried out against NatWest customers.
The lender said other hoaxes included “advance fee fraud”, where conmen ask customers for an advance or upfront payments for goods, services and/or financial gains that do not materialise.
There are also “spoof payment requests”, where people receive a bogus official request “purporting to be from someone senior in a company or a client, for payment or drawdown of funds”.
NatWest said business customers also continued to be defrauded for big sums via invoice fraud, when a firm receives an invoice that appears to be from a trusted trading partner but is actually fake.
Les Matheson, NatWest chief executive of personal and business banking, said: “We know scammers can be convincing and they work round the clock to persuade their victims to part with money.
“We have hundreds of people working 24/7 to detect and stop fraud, but it's very important that, as individuals and businesses, we know how to protect ourselves.”
These are the top five scams affecting NatWest customers:
1. Goods not received - the customers pays for goods or services but does not receive them from the seller.
2. Advance fee fraud - Fraudsters ask for an advance or upfront payment for goods or services which fail to materialise.
3. Spoof payment requests - Fraudulent requests, possibly purporting to be from a senior figure in a company or a client, for payment or drawdown of funds.
4. Invoice fraud - An invoice appears to be from a trusted trading partner when it is not. The fraudster will say that their payment information has changed and the money should be paid into the new account.
5. Holiday scam - A holiday is booked, usually online, but it later turns out that the holiday does not exist.
FILE PHOTO: The seal of the Department of Commerce is pictured in Washington, D.C., U.S. March 10, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Thayer
WASHINGTON The U.S. Commerce Department is launching a new review of whether China should be treated as a market economy country, a designation that would effectively limit the calculation of anti-dumping duties on China-made goods.
Buried in a federal notice on Wednesday about an investigation into alleged dumping of Chinese aluminum foil into the U.S. market, the department said it is seeking public comments on China's non-market economy status.
The review comes as the White House prepares for the first face-to-face meeting between President Donald Trump and China's President Xi Jinping on April 6-7 at Trump's Mar-a-Lago retreat in Florida.
China's non-market economy status is considered an irritant for Beijing as the Trump administration works on trade policies aimed at reducing the flow of Chinese imports in to the United States.
When China joined the World Trade Organization in 2001, its accession terms allowed other WTO members to treat it as a non-market economy and use a third country's prices to assess whether Chinese goods were being sold below cost.
But part of that clause expired on Dec. 11, 2016, which China says means WTO trading partners must drop their use of such surrogate pricing, which has led to higher U.S. anti-dumping duties on imported Chinese goods.
The United States and European Union failed to change their view of China's status. A day later, Beijing launched a formal complaint against them before the WTO.
The Commerce Department last conducted a review of China's non-market economy status in 2006, determining that China failed on all six determining criteria, which are:
* the extent to which the country's currency is convertible into other currencies;
* the extent to which wage rates are determined by free bargaining by labor and management;
* the extent to which joint ventures or other investments by foreign firms are permitted in the country;
* the extent of government ownership or control of the means of production;
* the extent of government control over allocation of resources and over price and output decisions of enterprises, and
* other factors the administering authority considers appropriate.
(Reporting by David Lawder, editing by G Crosse)
FILE PHOTO - A gas flare on an oil production platform in the Soroush oil fields is seen alongside an Iranian flag in the Persian Gulf, Iran July 25, 2005. REUTERS/Raheb Homavandi/File Photo
LONDON Iran has sold all the oil it had stored for years at sea and Tehran is now struggling to keep exports growing as it grapples with production constraints, shipping and oil sources say.
Since the easing of international sanctions in January 2016, Iran tried to make up for lost sales by releasing millions of barrels parked on tankers offshore.
Tanker tracking and oil sources said Iran had sold its last stocks from the floating storage in the past two weeks. Much of the oil stored was condensate, a very light grade of crude.
With no more stocks at sea, Iran has lost a vital resource that had propped up exports.
"We do think that (floating storage) has been the primary cause of the boost in exports," Energy Aspects analyst Richard Mallinson said, adding that now floating storage had ended total exports of crude and condensate were likely to slip.
"We see a very difficult path for Iran to raise crude output until it can get the Western expertise and investment back into the upstream, which has been notably slow to materialize," he added.
After Western sanctions were eased, Iran's output jumped from about 2.9 million barrels per day (bpd) to about 3.6 million bpd in June.
But it has barely risen since - fluctuating between 3.6 million and 3.7 million bpd - even though Iran fought hard with fellow OPEC members to be excluded from production cuts that came into effect on Jan. 1 and will last till June.
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries pledged to reduce output by about 1.2 million bpd, but Iran was allowed a small increase to compensate for years of isolation. Yet it has produced less in the past three months than it was allowed.
Iranian Oil Minister Bijan Zanganeh said last month Tehran was prepared to produce 3.8 million bpd if OPEC agreed to extend cuts to the second half of 2016, effectively signaling there was little hope of a steep rise in Iranian output.
NEED FOR INVESTMENT
Prior to the lifting of sanctions, Iran stored unsold oil on ships, which peaked in 2015 at 40 million barrels on around 25 tankers. The country has up to 60 oil tankers in its fleet.
Iran's drawdown of floating storage gathered pace in September. By the start of 2017, Iran still held an estimated 16 million barrels of oil on ships. Since then, they have emptied.
While the EU and United Nations lifted sanctions on Iran over its nuclear program more than a year ago, the United States has held separate measures in place and President Donald Trump's administration has promised a tough line.
This has increased concerns among Western banks about offering finance to Iran, slowing energy investment decisions.
French oil company Total said in February it planned a final investment decision on a $2 billion gas project in Iran by the summer, but said this hinged on a renewal of U.S. sanctions waivers.
"The uncertainty over the U.S. position on further sanctions is casting a huge shadow on the oil trade with Iran," said Paddy Rodgers, chief executive of tanker company Euronav.
In addition, the oil minister's efforts to secure deals with Western firms has run into internal opposition in Iran, which holds the world's fourth biggest oil reserves. The plans have now been postponed until after a May presidential election.
"Iran needs billions of dollars of investment to boost crude oil production and natural gas capacity," said Mehdi Varzi, a former official at state-run National Iranian Oil Company and now an independent consultant.
"Most of the fields were discovered many decades ago and are way beyond their production capacity," he said.
(Editing by Dmitry Zhdannikov and Edmund Blair)
JAB Holdings, the owner of Caribou Coffee and Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, said on Wednesday it would buy bakery chain Panera Bread Co (PNRA.O) for $7.2 billion, as it expands its coffee and breakfast empire through the biggest-ever U.S. restaurant deal.
JAB, the investment vehicle of Germany's billionaire Reimann family, has built up an empire of coffee and food chains through a series of acquisitions in recent years, including that of K-cup coffee pod-maker Keurig Green Mountain Inc.
Panera has about 2,000 bakery cafes in the United States and its fresh offerings appeal to health-conscious consumers. It has been ramping up its loyalty program, rolling out kiosks to cut customers' waiting times and has expanding its delivery service.
Shares of St. Louis-based Panera jumped 14.2 percent to a record high of $312.98. JAB offered $315 per share in cash, a 20.3 percent premium to the stock's closing price on March 31, the last trading day before media reports of a potential deal.
"We view the acquisition as strategically compelling for JAB ... we view the acquisition price as high enough to preclude a competing financial suitor," Wedbush Securities analyst Nick Setyan said in a note.
Setyan said JAB's offer was largely in-line with multiples it has paid for its acquisitions, including Peet's Coffee & Tea and Caribou Coffee.
The acquisition of Panera will be the second-biggest restaurant deal in North America after Burger King's $11.53 billion purchase of Canadian coffee chain Tim Hortons, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence.
Panera has reported better-than-expected earnings per share for the last six quarters. On Wednesday, it reported preliminary first-quarter company-owned sales-store growth of 5.3 percent, which Setyan said comfortably beat Wall Street's expectations.
BTIG analyst Peter Saleh told Reuters the deal would give Panera the flexibility to "invest more in technology, maybe to invest faster behind delivery, to make more investments in their food offering."
JAB became the world's largest pure-play coffee maker by volume in 2015, when it created the Jacobs Douwe Egberts joint venture by combining its D.E. Master Blenders 1753 business with the coffee business of Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ.O).
JAB will also assume about $340 million of Panera's net debt, valuing the deal at $7.5 billion, the companies said in a joint statement. They expect the deal to close in the third quarter.
Panera founder and Chief Executive Ron Shaich and entities affiliated to him have agreed to vote shares representing about 15.5 percent of the company's voting power in favor of the deal.
Panera is being advised by Morgan Stanley & Co LLC and Sullivan & Cromwell LLP is providing legal counsel. Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP is advising JAB.
(Reporting by Anya George Tharakan and Gayathree Ganesan in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto and Savio D'Souza)
Ecosmob has been operating from its India-based headquarter in the state of Gujarat and serving its global clientele in the niche technology sectors like VoIP and mobile app development for over 9 years. Recently, the technical head of Ecosmob announced that Ecosmob Technologies will offer advanced white label mobile dialer application development services for VoIP service providers and enterprise clients. He added that “today's communication-driven era brings new and more complex challenges for both global enterprises and calling service providers. Our research shows that the demand for cloud-based unified communication will continue to soar in coming years. The customized white label mobile dialer app is a sophisticated solution to meet this requirement.”
The tailored mobile dialer application integrates two ubiquitous technologies namely mobile application development and VoIP. Ecosmob Technologies, as a prominent player in both these domains, is in the perfect situation for offering VoIP mobile dialer services. The company's technical head shared how the company is poised to offer a branded mobile softphone with the next-generation characteristics for making VoIP calls: “We have been offering the white label SIP dialer mobile application development services for quite a long time. Our expertise in developing bespoke mobile apps for both iOS and Android platforms also makes us a strong player to get any type of dialer application.”
Along with this, the spokesperson of the company listed some of the key features of the offered SIP Dialer Mobile Application or a mobile softphone:
Instant Messaging (IM), IP calling, Hidden Chat, Trusted contacts, Native dialer integration, audio and video codecs support, address book sync, Pinless Calling Dialer, STUN support and other user-friendly features are integrated into a custom VoIP mobile dialer application apart from basic mute, hold, and speakerphone functions.
The spokesperson of the Ecosmob Technologies also shared the company's primary objective behind offering white label mobile dialer app development services with these concluding words: “ We understand various feature requirements of different carriers. Thus, we offer custom SIP dialer app to meet the requirements of our clients. At times, one of our clients needs only audio calling and chat features, and at times, the client wants to come up with the whole range of advanced features like STUN support, native dialer integration, and hidden chat in the dialer application. We have already started integrating all the advanced features depending on our clients' requirements in our VoIP mobile dialer app. We also offer customization of an existing dialer application, which means that if someone haMobile Dialer, VoIP Mobile Dialer, Mobile Dialer Apps a VoIP mobile dialer app and wants to add new features to keep pace with the changing requirement, we can help with that as well.”
Visit https://www.ecosmob.com/voip-mobile-dialer/ to know more about the custom mobile dialer application development.
March 29 Pado Corp:
* Says the co formed business alliance with Rizap Group Inc on March 29
* Says the co will offer advertising service to Rizap Group and will acquire more than 500 million yen worth orders from Rizap Group during the business alliance period from April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/JgGgW2
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
We are disturbed that conversations over the last 24 hours in the media in Northern Ireland have unhelpfully and inaccurately conflated two separate and distinct issues.
Many women have suffered from the loss of a much wanted baby through miscarriage, and whilst the correct term for a medical procedure may be “medical abortion” or “medical termination”, this terminology is actually hurtful to many, myself included.
The medical removal of an unborn baby which has died in the womb is in no way an abortion, as understood by the public.
Abortion involves the deliberate ending of a life, not the removal of a baby which has already died from the womb.
To then discuss this procedure within the context of a debate about legalising abortion was confusing, if not disingenuous, and it would be wrong for those who are campaigning for a right to choose to end an unborn life to continue to do so.
When talking of miscarriage and abortion we are raising two very important and sensitive issues.
For Both Lives Matter every death before birth, the loss of a pre-born life, is always a tragedy for the woman and for the unborn child.
Woman and child are intimately connected and whether from miscarriage or abortion there is surely a sense of trauma and loss.
We say this with a desire to speak with sensitivity and compassion, because we are concerned that if the debate continues in this way there will be confusion for some women over decisions they may make, or have made in the past.
We would also encourage any woman who has been affected by either of these issues to seek support and help and not to reflect on their experiences alone.
Dawn McAvoy, Founder, Both Lives Matter
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
(Reutlingen/Aachen) – Retina Implant AG (https://www.retina-implant.de/en/) presented the latest research results on its subretinal implant at the “Artificial Vision” conference in Aachen in early December. This international symposium on visual prostheses is organised by RWTH Aachen University. It is regarded as an unmissable European event for specialists in the field of “artificial vision”.
Research into artificial vision using prostheses has been under way since the 1960s. Following initial promising findings in the 1990s, major technological advances have led to further tangible results in the last few years. As early as 2008, a previously completely blind patient was able to make out his name, written in 8 cm white letters on a black background, using the subretinal implant from Reutlingen-based Retina Implant AG. Since then, the expectations placed on the electronic implants have increased continuously. Most patients with an implanted chip can identify light sources, which makes it easier for them, for example, to find their way around a room again.
“Now our job is to meet the high expectations raised by our initial successes,” explained Dr. Alfred Stett, CTO of Retina Implant AG. “We”ve been able to sufficiently prove that our implant can restore partial sight to people who perceive very little or no light as a result of retinitis pigmentosa. At “Artificial Vision”, we had extensive discussions about the technical and medical challenges that still need to be overcome.” These include the service life of implants, which need to function in the body without a hermetic casing over many years, vision-training and rehabilitation after the implant has been activated as well as re-implantations. “Once again, the symposium showed there is now a very wide range of different technical and surgical methods for implants. However, the experts all agreed that visual prostheses offer real prospects for patients who became blind as a result of a degenerative retinal disease.”
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China approves two new GMO crop varieties for import, renews 14 -ag ministry
BEIJING, June 14 China approved two new varieties of genetically modified (GMO) crops for import from June 12, after the world's top buyer of GMO soybeans pledged to speed up a review of biotech products as part of a recent trade deal with the United States.
HAVANA A military airplane crashed into a mountain in Cuba's north-western region of Artemisa on Saturday morning, killing all eight personnel on board, the Ministry of Revolutionary Armed Forces said.
The aircraft, a twin-engined turboprop Antonov AN-26, had taken off at 6:38 a.m. (1038 GMT) from Playa Baracoa, just outside Havana, and crashed into the Loma de la Pimienta mountain some 80 km (50 miles) westwards.
"The eight military personnel on board, including the crew, died," the ministry said in a statement published by state-run media.
"A commission of the Ministry of the Revolutionary Armed Forces is investigating the causes of the accident."
The majority of planes flown in Cuba were produced in the Soviet Union. Antonov produced the AN-26 planes in Kiev between 1969 and 1986.
The last major plane crash in Cuba was an Aero Caribbean flight that went down in flames in central Cuba in 2010, killing all 68 people aboard. That plane was a European-manufactured ATR-72-212.
(Reporting by Nelson Acosta and Sarah Marsh; Editing by Sandra Maler)
A murder investigation has been launched after an aspiring singer and actress plunged to her death from one of London's tallest buildings.
Bethany-Maria Beales, 22, was killed after falling 13 floors from the 36-storey Heron building in the City on Sunday, just hours after a night out with friends in the West End.
Over the following two days a man and a woman, both aged 38, were arrested by City of London police on suspicion of murder and later released on bail.
Detectives are continuing to treat the death as suspicious, the Daily Telegraph reports.
Advertisement
Beales' body was found with "significant injuries consistent with a fall from a height" on the glass ceiling of a communal terrace on the sixth floor of the building in Moor Lane, near the Barbican.
She was today described by her family as "an amazing talent" who changed the lives of all who met her.
Mystery surrounds the circumstances of Beales' death, including what she was doing in The Heron building, which houses luxury apartments, a penthouse with balcony costing £10 million ($19m) and a private club. The building also has a private garden for residents.
Detectives are understood to be investigating whether she had been at a party at the building.
Shortly before her death Beales, who last summer graduated in drama from the University of Roehampton, wrote on Facebook how excited she had been to spot the acclaimed Canadian electro-rapper The Weeknd at The Box nightclub, in Soho, that night.
Just before 2am local time, she wrote: "The Weeknd has just walked past me and touched my back to move past. I am hyperventilating and I think I am about to have his child."
The nightclub is popular with celebrities, including Prince Harry, Keira Knightley, Lady Gaga and Rihanna.
Life will be so boring without your sparkle SHARE THIS QUOTE:
Beales, originally from St Helens, Lancashire, was a keen actor and singer, having performed in youth theatre productions from an early age, including appearing in Les Miserables at Runcorn's Brindley Theatre. In her online CV she described herself as "versatile and adaptable" performer.
Her mother Michelle and other family members said Beales was "a kind, funny, loyal, intelligent, talented and stunningly beautiful person who changed the lives of everyone fortunate enough to know her and lucky enough to be loved by her. She was more than a daughter, granddaughter, niece, cousin, stepsister, step-aunty, god-daughter or friend. She was the world to us all."
They added: "She had the brightest smile and the most beautiful singing voice. She was our songbird. She had an amazing talent that, if it had been seen by the world, would have become known to millions. Our world will never be as bright again now that our shining star has gone."
Friends of Beales, who lived in southwest London and was working as a sales executive for a Soho bar at the time of her death, joined the tributes, describing her as "kind hearted", "funny" and "intelligent".
Mia Lily Battle-Welch wrote on Facebook: "You were my friend on and off stage. You were beautiful. You were insanely talented. Life will be so boring without your sparkle."
Elizabeth Minto Das said: "You were the most beautiful and wonderful soul I ever had the pleasure of knowing, I can't believe I won't have you in my life anymore."
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Fujifilm Holdings Corp
* Says it repurchased 3.3 million shares for 15.73 billion yen in total, from Jan. 4 to Jan. 31
* Says this was part of the share repurchase plan announced on Aug. 30, 2017
* Says it accumulatively repurchased 9.8 million shares for 45.15 billion yen in total as of Jan. 31
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/TQPYay
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 12 Canada's main stock index was set for a slightly lower start on Wednesday as investors awaited the Bank of Canada's interest rate decision.
The central bank is widely expected to hold rates at 0.50 percent, where they have stayed since the bank cut twice in 2015.
June futures on the S&P TSX index were down 0.12 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET.
The interest rate decision, which is due at 10:00 a.m. ET, will be followed by Governor Stephen Poloz's press conference.
Later in the day, Poloz and Senior Deputy Governor Carolyn Wilkins will testify before a House of Commons committee on finance.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index ended barely lower on Tuesday as financial stocks weighed, while a flight to safety helped gold miners and shares of Bombardier Inc jumped on reports it was discussing a merger of rail operations with Siemens.
Dow Jones Industrial Average e-mini futures were down 0.02 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET, while S&P 500 e-mini futures were down 0.07 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-mini futures were down 0.05 percent.
(Morning News Call newsletter here ; The Day Ahead newsletter here)
TOP STORIES
Shaw Communications reported a 13.3 percent rise in quarterly revenue, driven by the addition of more wireless customers.
Private equity firm Waterous Energy Fund is seeking investment opportunities in the Canadian oil and gas sector as valuations turn attractive after a prolonged slump in the oil price, making a contrarian bet as global players pull back, its top executive said.
ANALYST RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS
Capstone Mining Corp: TD Securities raises rating to "buy" from "hold"
TFI International Inc: National Bank Financial cuts target price to C$37 from C$40
COMMODITIES AT 7:15 a.m. ET
Gold futures: $1272.6; +0.11 percent
US crude: $53.63; +0.43 percent
Brent crude: $56.51; +0.5 percent
LME 3-month copper: $5701; -1.14 percent
U.S. ECONOMIC DATA DUE ON WEDNESDAY
08:30 Import prices mm for Mar: Expected -0.2 pct; Prior 0.2 pct
08:30 Export prices mm for Mar: Expected 0.1 pct; Prior 0.3 pct
11:00 TR IPSOS PCSI for Apr: Prior 58.84
14:00 Federal budget for Mar: Expected -$167.0 bln; Prior -$192.0 bln
FOR CANADIAN MARKETS NEWS, CLICK ON CODES:
TSX market report
Canadian dollar and bonds report
Reuters global stocks poll for Canada
Canadian markets directory ($1= C$1.33) (Reporting by Nikhil Kumar in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
Plans for a 192-room hotel in Kettering's leisure village are set to be approved tonight (Tuesday).
Phoenix Leisure Management Limited originally wanted to build a 194-room, five-storey, hotel next to the conference centre in Thurston Drive.
But the application was refused in July by planners, who said it was more akin to a city centre hotel and would be harmful to the appearance of the area.
A second plan was put in for what would be a ‘modern budget hotel' with 192 rooms, creating 35 full-time jobs.
The hotel's height was also reduced to three-and-a-half storeys – and the plans are recommended for approval by Kettering Council's planners.
The application also includes £52,000 worth of highways mitigation measures, including a bus stop outside the hotel.
But the bid was met with 34 objections from neighbours, who claimed it would be harmful to the area and that there was no need for a hotel.
They also said there was not enough parking, a loss of space for play and that there were better sites along the A14.
The operator of Kettering Park Hotel and Spa also objected, saying there was no need for it and it would impact on other town centre hotels.
But despite the objections, the plans look set to be approved.
A report set to be discussed by councillors said: “The proposal would have some identified visual harm, most notably to the character and appearance of the green and open nature of the site and the way it is experienced in its immediate setting.
“This harm, however, is little more than ‘absolute' harm through the development of the site itself.
“Given that the site is not subject to open or green space designation its occasional recreational use is not of sufficient significance to be afforded anything other than limited weight, especially given the proximity of other more useable recreational spaces in the vicinity.”
The intention of the operator is to target residential conferences and also the leisure, corporate and wedding markets.
April 20 Goldcorp Inc :
* Goldcorp commences supported take-over bid for Exeter
* Total consideration being offered for all of issued and outstanding shares of Exeter is approximately $247 million
* Has formally commenced an offer supported by board of directors of Exeter to acquire all of issued and outstanding shares of Exeter
* Offer will be open for acceptance until 5:00 p.m. EDT on May 26, 2017
* Board of Exeter, on unanimous recommendation of its special committee, has unanimously approved Goldcorp's acquisition of Exeter
* Board of directors of Exeter has unanimously recommended that Exeter shareholders tender their shares to offer
* All directors and officers of Exeter, representing about 11 pct of Exeter's outstanding shares, have agreed to tender their shares to offer Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Star Asia Investment Corp
* Says it acquired properties for 10.74 billion yen on Feb. 2
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/5PRQCW
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Both the Straz Center for the Perfoming Arts and The Dr. Phillips Center For the Performing Arts presents the hit Broadway musical ON YOUR FEET! – based on the life story of seven-time GRAMMY winning international superstar Gloria Estefan and her husband, 19-time GRAMMY winning producer-musician-entrepreneur Emilio Estefan. The first national tour will celebrate its Grand Opening in the state of Florida hitting the Dr. Phillips Center from October 17–22 with tickets starting at $34.25 at DrPhillipsCenter.org, and then hits going to the Straz Center from Oct 24 – Oct 29, with tickets starting at $45 at strazcenter.org.
Gloria Estefan has sold over 100 million records and sold out stadiums around the world. Emilio and Gloria Estefan together have won 26 GRAMMY Awards – but their music is only half of the story. From the heart of Havana to the streets of Miami came a cultural phenomenon unlike anything the music industry had ever seen. ON YOUR FEET! is the new Broadway musical that follows the Estefans' journey to superstardom, set to their chart-topping, smash hits, including “Rhythm Is Gonna Get You,” “Conga,” “1-2-3,” “Get On Your Feet,” “Mi Tierra,” Don't Want To Lose You Now,” and “Reach,” in addition to an original song written by Gloria and her daughter Emily Estefan.
ON YOUR FEET! is directed by two-time Tony Award® winner Jerry Mitchell (Kinky Boots, Hairspray) and choreographed by Tony Award nominee & Olivier Award winner Sergio Trujillo (Jersey Boys, Memphis), with an original book by Academy Award winner Alexander Dinelaris (Birdman, The Bodyguard Musical). The musical began performances on Broadway on Monday, October 5, 2015, with an opening night of Thursday, November 5, 2015, at the Marquis Theatre in New York City.
Completing the creative team are four-time Tony-nominated Scenic Designer David Rockwell (Kinky Boots, Legally Blonde), Tony-nominated Costume Designer Emilio Sosa (Porgy & Bess), Tony Award-winning Lighting Designer Kenneth Posner (Wicked, Hairspray), Tony Award-winning Sound Designer Steve Kennedy (Lady Day, Guys and Dolls), Projections by Darrel Maloney, and Hair & Wig Designer Chuck LaPointe (Beautiful, Newsies). With Music Direction by Lon Hoyt (Hairspray), ON YOUR FEET! features Orchestrations by Gloria Estefan and Emilio Estefan, Dance Arrangements and Dance Orchestrations by Oscar Hernandez (The Capeman).
James L. Nederlander, Estefan Enterprises, Inc and Bernie Yuman have announced that Cuban-American Broadway actress Christie Prades will star as seven-time GRAMMY® winning international superstar Gloria Estefan, and acclaimed stage and television actor Mauricio Martinez will play her 19-time Grammy-winning producer and husband Emilio Estefan, in the First National Tour of the Broadway musical ON YOUR FEET!.
It was a pleasure to sit down with Danny Burgos, born and raised in Florida, who is in the ensemble and the Emilio understudy.
At what age did you begin singing/acting?
I started singing when I was around 7 years old in church, but acting didn't come about until I was a junior in high school. My best friend wanted to audition for a musical, but was too nervous to audition on her own, so I went with her and I get cast as the lead.
What was your first Professional/Paid gig?
It was at Flat Rock Playhouse after my freshman year at the musical program at Florida State University. I was in the ensemble for Guys and Dolls.
You were born in Florida. Do you get back often and how excited are you to be touring in Florida?
I'm very excited as I don't get back as often as I would like. I was born in Hialeah and my dad still lives in Miami. In addition, the Adrienne Arsht Center is where I saw my first musical, so I am so excited to be performing in that theater.
I see that Pizza is one of your hobbies, which is your favorite kind of Pizza and why?
This is an ongoing joke that I have with my friends. I just love pizza, and every Friday my mom would bring us pizza. Papa John's Pepperoni pizza with the garlic sauce really makes me happy, but in New York, I went to Artichoke Pizza in Chelsea and I have to admit it's the best pizza I had in my life.
Other than this show, what role has been your favorite to play and why?
My favorite musical that I have been in, other than “On Your Feet” is “In the Heights.” I was cast in three versions of the show and each time it becomes more familial as it is a Latin based show and I feel an attraction to my culture. The show is just about 1 day in the life of a Latin American in New York, and to me it's so special. The characteristics of being Latin are stripped, and they are just shown as people. Its so special to me!
What should the Central Florida audiences expect out of this touring company of On Your feet?
I always tell everyone that this is an important story because you get to know the life of this important couple. Most people do not know the behind the scenes story of how they got to where they are now. Ultimately you leave the theater singing and dancing to the songs you love. I promise, you won't leave without a smile on your face.
For more information on Danny, either go to his website at: DannyBurgos.com.
May 3 Telecom Italia says:
* Q1 group EBITDA up 16.2 percent to 1.99 billion euros
* Q1 revenues up 8.5 percent to 4.82 billion euros versus 4.73 billion euros analyst consensus provided by company
* Q1 domestic EBITDA 1.62 billion euros
* adjusted net debt at 25.24 billion euros at end-March versus 25.31 billion euros analyst consensus provided by company
* sees domestic revenues returning to growth in Q2 Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan newsroom)
WHAT a mess we're in.
If the person once closest to him is to be believed, the head of the Commission on Elections (Comelec) tasked with ensuring the free, fair and orderly voting and the accurate tabulation of ballots, understated his assets by more than four-fifths.
Then, the Chief Justice presiding over the highest court in the land, our fifth-highest official, allegedly forged several Supreme Court resolutions, making them appear to have been approved by the justices meeting en banc.
So, besides the Bureau of Customs allowing hundreds of kilograms of shabu slip in through a no-inspection lane reserved for importers with impeccable records, and a national penitentiary that cannot keep even convicted drug lords under 24/7 guard from plying their banned trade, we may have dishonesty at the very top of the Comelec and the judiciary.
In plain terms, contraband gushes through our ports, criminals have their way in our prisons, and those charged with maintaining the integrity of elections and the rule of law have allegedly transgressed honesty and legality.
Let the investigations begin
Before judging Comelec Chairman Andres Bautista and Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno, of course, there must be impartial investigations untainted by political agenda. So, let's hold it right there with the finger-pointing.
Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre 2nd ordered the National Bureau of Investigation to probe Bautista after the chairman's estranged wife Patricia gave the NBI bank documents purportedly showing assets of about P1 billion, several times more than the P176.3 million listed in Bautista's 2016 statement of assets, liabilities, and net worth (SALN), required of all people in government.
The agency he led before being appointed Comelec head in 2015, the Presidential Commission on Good Government, is also looking into Bautista's actions as PCGG chairman. And both chambers of Congress may conduct their own investigations. Plus, the taxman: The Bureau of Internal Revenue will investigate as well.
There is no investigation of CJ Sereno, but two impeachment petitions have been filed against her, one by the Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (VACC), which supports President Rodrigo Duterte; and another by lawyer Larry Gadon, who landed among the top 24 in last year's senatorial race.
If at least one lawmaker endorses the petitions, and they comply with the documentary requirements for such complaints, the House of Representatives might then hold hearings on the allegations against Sereno. Besides falsification of Supreme Court resolutions, she is accused of violating laws against extravagance in government, as well as failing a psychological test for judges.
If the charges are true, resign
Let's make this simple for both officials and the nation pondering their fate.
First, Bautista: If he has concealed anything like five times his declared SALN assets, he should spare the nation, the Comelec, and his family further aggravation and an agonizing waste of time by quitting now.
Anyone violating money laundering and asset declaration laws at that scale does not have the integrity and honesty to be the highest official tasked with conducting national elections with fairness, accuracy and democracy. Period.
And with the dirt that will be unearthed in various investigations (again, assuming Bautista has hidden, unexplained wealth), his reputation would be so damaged, he would not have the moral authority to lead even a barangay, let alone a constitutional commission. Indeed, his law and executive career may also sink.
Of course, if all can be explained and there is really nothing anomalous and illegal, then things should be so easily and clearly presented in a half-hour presentation to the NBI.
But if Bautista's accounts are too complicated to lay out in 30 minutes, then critics would cry deception, and most people would believe them.
So, Mr. Chairman, the choice is clear: Tell all in 30 if there's nothing amiss, or quit and hope they all leave you alone after a negotiated settlement with Patricia, the taxman, and maybe the PCGG.
As for the Chief Justice, let's just focus on one charge—the alleged falsification of Supreme Court resolutions—since the Constitution does not require psychological tests for Supreme Court justices, the luxury bulletproof SUV can be sold if deemed extravagant, and SALN mistakes can be corrected sans penalty.
So, if in fact CJ Sereno had caused resolutions to be issued in a deceptive way, falsely presenting them as approved by the Supreme Court en banc, is that a grave enough offense to warrant ousting the highest judicial official?
Going over impeachable offenses, that kind of documentary dissembling does not seem to fall under treason or corruption. But is it betrayal of public trust?
What's a few bogus resolutions?
For all public servants, every act and policy must have legal basis—a documented or otherwise proven expression of the sovereign will of the people authorizing the action.
Thus, every centavo spend must be covered by specific provisions in the General Appropriations Act (GAA) passed by Congress, the only body empowered to decree the spending of public funds.
That's why the Disbursement Acceleration Program of President Benigno Aquino 3rd and his Budget Secretary Florencio Abad was deemed illegal for allocating state money to “PAPs [programs and projects]not found” in any relevant GAAs.
What if an official falsely authorized expenditures with bogus budget provisions, making it appear that Congress legislated the spending? That would be ground for his removal and prosecution for falsification and malversation.
Now, Chief Justice Sereno is accused of falsifying Supreme Court resolutions that require en banc approval, much like the hypothetical official who faked GAA provisions purportedly approved by the legislature, but never was.
In her alleged offense, she repeatedly had resolutions issued supposedly with the en banc approval they required, but in fact never got. If that accusation is true, should she be ousted?
If such bogus resolutions are no reason to remove her, then what's to stop her from falsifying Supreme Court decisions, making the public and all officialdom believe that 15 justices deliberated the cases and voted this way or that, but never actually did?
Indeed, what a mess.
The Arizona Cardinals, who are transitioning to a new defensive system under coach Steve Wilks and defensive coordinator Al Holcomb, signed a few players who have some experience in the new system. Linebacker Jeremy Cash is one of those players.
Cash has only been in the league two seasons and has appeared in only nine games, and he spent only a little more than a season with the Carolina Panthers working with Wilks and Holcomb, but he was signed, in part, to lead more experienced players through the transition.
“When I first signed with the Cardinals, they were looking for me to be that leader – to help communicate and get people lined up,” said Cash, via Kyle Odegard for the official team site. “It took me awhile to learn the defense (in Carolina), but now that I have a pretty good grasp of it, I can bring others along with me.”
Cash doesn't project to be a starter, but his knowledge of the defense and also for potentially work on special teams could give him an inside track to the final roster. In nine career games, he has six special teams tackles.
Plus, behind projected starters Deone Bucannon, Josh Bynes and Haason Reddick, there is little experienced depth.
Cash was claimed off waivers after being let go by the Cleveland Browns in the offseason. In two years, he has spent time with four teams — the Panthers, Browns, New York Giants and New York Jets. He has only been able to stay any length of time in Carolina.
Perhaps now he can begin a successful stint leading much more experienced players through the team's defensive transition in Arizona.
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
LIMA, March 30 Workers at Peru's biggest copper mine, Freeport-McMoRan Inc's Cerro Verde, will resume work on Friday after voting to end a nearly three-week strike, the union said on Thursday.
The union reached an agreement for better benefits with the company late on Wednesday, union leader Jesus Revilla said. (Reporting by Marco Aquino; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
ZAMBOANGA CITY: At least seven people were reported injured in separate bomb explosions late Monday in Tacurong City in Mindanao.
Two improvised explosives went off almost simultaneously at Dragon Mart and a gas station nearby, while the third was detonated along the road.
No individual or group claimed responsibility for the blasts.
The daring attacks occurred barely two weeks after eight people were wounded in a blast at the compound of the Sultan Kudarat Electric Cooperative where an improvised explosive was detonated by an unidentified man.
Many of the injured were employees of the cooperative, but one ambulant vendor was also wounded in the blast.
The assailant fled even before the explosion and authorities were investigating whether the attack was connected to extortion or not. No individual claimed responsibility for the blast, but several rebel groups and criminal gangs are actively operating in the province.
In August 2015, motorcycle gunmen also attacked the police headquarters in Tacurong City, exploding a grenade at the office of the Highway Patrol Group.
AL JACINTO
May 2 U.S. health insurer Aetna Inc reported a first-quarter loss on Tuesday, compared with a year-ago profit, primarily due to costs associated with the termination of the Humana merger agreement.
The No. 3 U.S. health insurer said its net loss was $381 million, or $1.11 per share, in the first quarter ended March 31, compared with a profit of $737 million, or $2.08 per share, a year earlier.
Aetna, which walked away from its $34 billion deal for Humana Inc after it was blocked, said total revenue fell to $15.17 billion from $15.69 billion.
President Donald Trump and Republican lawmakers have vowed to overhaul the Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare, but have not agreed on how to do that, making it difficult for insurers to plan for next year. (Reporting by Ankur Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
Tyco BMW team manager Philip Neill has spoken of his shock following the tragic death of Dan Kneen in a crash in practice for the Isle of Man TT.
The 30-year-old lost his life after coming off at the Churchtown section of the course on the run towards Ramsey on the opening lap of Superbike practice on Wednesday evening.
Neill said: “We are all numb at the moment if I'm truly honest. Dan had settled in superbly well here at Tyco BMW, as previous results have shown, and having set his best-ever lap around the TT Circuit just last night, he proved his credentials as a potential winner this year.
“Our thoughts tonight though, are not about racing, but with Dan's family and friends. He was a popular, hard-working lad who loved his racing and he will be sorely missed by all that knew him, and that includes everyone at TAS Racing.”
The crash happened 15 years to the day that David Jefferies was killed in practice.
Dan's death was the third tragedy to befall the team at the TT, with Japanese rider Yoshinari Matsushita killed in a crash at Ballacrye during practice in 2013.
A second incident occurred involving a collision between a rider and the course car, which was travelling to the scene at Churchtown. The rider was airflifted to hospital but no details were provided.
PHINMA Energy Corp. is exploring the viability of putting up four power plants—three gas-fired and one hydroelectric—with a total capacity of 925.6 megawatts (MW), a top executive said onThursday.
Advertisements
PHINMA President and Chief Executive Officer Francisco Viray told reporters the company has requested for a grid impact study to determine the viability of three combined cycle gas turbine (CCGT) power facilities and one hydroelectric power plant in various parts of the country.
These projects are the 383-MW Sta. Ana CCGT power plant in Cagayan, the 383-MW Sual CCGT floating power plant in Pangasinan; the 138-MW Argao floating CCGT power plant in Cebu, and the 21.6-MW Ilog hydroelectric power plant in Negros Oriental.
Among the factors to be considered for these projects are supply and demand issues and the transmission cost, he said.
Funding for the projects may come in the form of an equity issue or securing a financing facility, he said.
In April, the publicly listed company said it had not yet abandoned its intention to build a receiving terminal for imported liquefied natural gas (LNG) in Pangasinan. PHINMA Energy Senior Vice President Raymundo Reyes said at the time the project was still being assessed.
Energy Secretary Alfonso Cusi said last week the government was in the process of finalizing a natural gas policy that would allow the Philippines to partner with Asian neighbors including China, Japan, Singapore.
The Department of Energy (DoE), according to Cusi, was considering three models: sourcing LNG from domestic sources, importing it, or a combination of both.
PHINMA Energy, formerly Trans-Asia Oil and Energy Development Corp., is engaged in power generation and supply, with secondary investments in petroleum and geothermal exploration.
The company has a combined capacity of almost 500 MW from its own power plants and partnership ventures.
On Friday, shares of PHINMA Energy gained 0.56 percent to close at P1.78.
Actor Eugenio Derbez (R) and wife Alessandra Rosaldo (L) pose at the premiere of 'How to Be a Latin Lover' in Los Angeles, California, U.S. April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Danny Moloshok
Actors Amir Talai (R) and Tom Hanks arrive for 'The Circle' premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival in the Manhattan borough of New York, New York, U.S. April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
Actors Tyrese Gibson, Vin Diesel and Ludacris attend 'The Fate Of The Furious' New York premiere at Radio City Music Hall in New York, U.S. April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz
LOS ANGELES (Variety.com) - It has become a familiar story -- "The Fate of the Furious" is, once again, the box office champ.
The massively popular eighth episode in the Fast and Furious franchise earned $19.4 million this weekend from 4,077 locations, placing it securely in first place during a sputtering weekend, anticipating the summer season. After winning the domestic box office for three straight weeks, the Universal movie's U.S. total stands at $192.7 million. Not only that, "Fate's" global total officially crossed the $1 billion mark, making it the 21st highest grossing movie of all time behind 2006's "Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest." Its total global sum stands at $1.06 billion.
But while "Fate's" victory seemed inevitable, the rest of the weekend's top five reaped intrigue. Pantelion's "How to be a Latin Lover" slid into second over Tom Hanks and Emma Watson's not-so-distant future tech-thriller "The Circle." Led by Mexican star Eugenio Derbez, "Latin Lover" attracted $12 million from only 1,118 targeted locations. The opening weekend's audience domestically was 89% Hispanic.
In "Latin Lover" Derbez plays a man named Maximo who made a career seducing older women. When his now 80-year-old wife kicks him out for a younger man, Maximo goes to live with his sister (Salma Hayek) and attempts to remaster his art of seduction. Rob Lowe and Kristen Bell also star in comedic actor Ken Marino's directorial debut. Derbez has won over the domestic box office in the past. In 2013 "Instructions Not Included," which he directed in addition to starring in, earned $7.8 million in its opening weekend from only 348 theaters.
Despite screening in only 420 locations, the South Indian epic "Baahubali 2: The Conclusion" landed in third for the weekend with a hefty sum of $10.5 million. The movie, from Great India Films, is the sequel to "Baahubali: The Beginning" which made $3.6 million when it opened in 236 theaters in 2015. S.S. Rajamouli returned to direct the movie starring Prabhas, Rana Daggubati and Anushka Shetty.
"Baahubali 2" earned $1.8 million of its domestic total from 45 IMAX screens alone. Five domestic IMAX locations set new three-day weekend records, and the film also set records in India, making it the biggest domestic IMAX opening for a foreign language film.
Not every story from the weekend box office was quite so rosy. Slapped with a rare D+ CinemaScore and a 17% on Rotten Tomatoes, "The Circle" landed $9.3 million from 3,163 theaters, falling short of its double-digit projections. The $18 million movie was acquired by EuropaCorp for an estimated $8 million.
The film hoped to draw audiences by tapping into modern-day anxieties surrounding technology and privacy. In the movie, Hanks plays the CEO of a Silicon Valley social media company. His young employee, played by Watson, finds herself wrapped up in an experiment that tests ethical limits. James Ponsoldt directed the movie and co-wrote the script with Dave Eggers, who wrote the novel on which the movie was based.
Blumhouse's BH Tilt label released "Sleight" in 565 theaters, and saw a weekend gross of $1.7 million. The film tells the story of a young street magician in Los Angeles (Jacob Latimore) who uses magic and his mind to save his kidnapped sister. Seychelle Gabriel, Dule Hill, Storm Reid and Sasheer Zamata also star. The label's marketing and release strategy targeted a young, urban audience -- 72% of audiences fell in the 18-34 demo and 45% were African-American.
In its fifth weekend, Fox's "Boss Baby" held onto the fifth position. The animated film earned an additional $9.1 million from 3,739 locations, raising its domestic total to just shy of $150 million.
Next weekend marks the first summer frame, and should see "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2" post huge numbers. The sequel earned over $101 million at the foreign box office in its opened weekend -- one ahead of the U.S. When the now-beloved first "Guardians" movie launched as a relatively unknown property in August of 2014, it made $94 million in its opening weekend.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
NEW YORK — Didi Gregorius had another big game at Yankee Stadium with a two-run homer and three RBIs, and Gary Sanchez homered twice to help CC Sabathia and New York romp past the Minnesota Twins yet again, 8-3 on Tuesday night.
Aaron Judge hit his seventh home run as the Yankees went deep four times for the second straight night. Gleyber Torres had a pair of hits and his first RBI for New York, which extended a winning streak to four for the first time under new manager Aaron Boone and sent the Twins to their season-worst fifth consecutive loss.
A night after a 14-1 drubbing, New York beat Minnesota for the sixth straight time and improved to 27-9 against the Twins at new Yankee Stadium, including the playoffs. Judge was a triple short of the cycle and Gregorius also had three hits.
Sabathia (1-0) rarely allowed hard contact in his second start back from the disabled list and gave up an unearned run and two hits in six innings. He is 20-9 in 39 regular-season starts against the Twins.
Gregorius hit an RBI single for a 2-1 lead in the third and pulled a changeup just inside the right-field foul pole and into the second deck for a 5-1 margin in the fifth. All eight of his home runs and 23 of his 27 RBIs this year have come at home. Babe Ruth (1921) and Alex Rodriguez (2007) are the only other Yankees with that many homers and RBIs in the first 22 games.
Jose Berrios (2-2) entered with 14 consecutive scoreless innings and had 29 strikeouts and one walk in his first four outings. He allowed five runs, six hits and two walks in four-plus innings, raising his ERA from 1.63 to 2.84.
Dellin Betances entered with a 5-1 lead in the sixth but lasted just four batters, giving up a pair of walks, a hit and another unearned run. David Robertson pitched out of two-on, one-out trouble by striking out Ehire Adrianza and retiring pinch-hitter Joe Mauer on a comebacker.
Judge led off the bottom half with a loud, opposite-field drive to right off Tyler Duffey, who was brought up from the minors before the game for his season debut. Judge became the fastest in major league history to hit 63 career home runs, doing it in 203 games, four fewer than Mark McGwire.
Sanchez, whose second-inning home run tied the score, hit a two-run drive later in the seventh into the netting above Monument Park in centre. Judge, arms crossed, gave Sanchez the silent treatment in the dugout before smiling and giving Sanchez a hug.
Errors by Judge in right, Neil Walker at first, Torres while covering first and Betances raised the Yankees' total to 22 in 22 games, tied for the major league lead.
Eduardo Escobar had three hits, a walk and an RBI for the Twins. Brian Dozier went 0 for 4 after getting hits in Minnesota's first 17 games — 24 in a row dating to last season.
EMERGING EMOJI
As the Yankees add new players, Gregorius comes up with additional emojis for his tweets that follow wins. Torres is Baby bottle, Giancarlo Stanton is Volcano and Tyler Austin is Police car. Luis Severino has grown from Baby last season to Child.
WHIFFS
A night after going 4 for 4, Stanton had his second three-strikeout game this season to go along with a pair of five-strikeout games.
HE'S BACK
Released during spring training and re-signed last week, 1B Adam Lind made his season debut for the Yankees' Class A farm team in Tampa and went 3 for 3 with a double, walk and RBI.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Twins: OF Byron Buxton (migraines) will go to extended spring training after fouling a ball off his left foot Sunday during a rehab assignment with Class A Fort Myers.
Yankees: 3B Brandon Drury (migraines) is on track to start a rehab assignment Wednesday with Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre.
UP NEXT
RHP Sonny Gray (1-1, 8.27 ERA), who has totalled just 16 1/3 innings in four starts, is on the mound for the Yankees on Wednesday night, when RHP Lance Lynn (0-1, 6.00) starts for Minnesota. Lynn's only previous outing against the Yankees was a five-hit shutout for St. Louis in 2014.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
April 6 Empire Resorts Inc:
* Montreign Operating Company - has entered into a license agreement to rebrand Montreign Resort Casino a resorts world property
* Montreign Operating Company - license agreement grants moc right to use "resorts world" and "genting" brand names, marks and logos
* Montreign Operating Company - co will continue to operate resort casino, with casino scheduled to open to public in March 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Allianz SE:
* ALLIANZ TO AQUIRE JANASHAKTHI GENERAL INSURANCE IN SRI LANKA
* ‍ENTERED INTO AN AGREEMENT WITH JANASHAKTHI INSURANCE PLC TO ACQUIRE 100% OF THEIR SUBSIDIARY JANASHAKTHI GENERAL INSURANCE​ Further company coverage:
Britain's Heathrow Airport says baggage handling disrupted at two terminals
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said some passengers might have to travel without their bags on Thursday after an issue with its baggage system affected Terminals 3 and 5.
PYONGYANG's failed missile test on Sunday provides an opportunity for the United States to press for more stringent sanctions and for China to demonstrate its willingness to curb Pyongyang's nuclear ambitions.
Even though the missile blew up, the attempted launch was a violation of UN Security Council resolutions.
This means the US can now ask for additional sanctions. Clearly, those in place aren't enough. If they were, North Korea wouldn't have been able to conduct over the years five nuclear tests and a series of ballistic missile tests.
The Pyongyang regime is working overtime to develop a long-range missile capability, one that will enable it to deliver a nuclear weapon to the continental United States.
China has close economic ties with North Korea, despite UN sanctions, which is why the US President, Donald Trump, went out of his way to woo the Chinese leader, Xi Jinping, in recent weeks.
When Trump hosted Xi at Mar-a-Lago earlier this month, the US leader made an unusual offer. “You want to make a great deal?” he asked Xi. “Solve the problem in North Korea.” In return, he said, the US will accept trade deficits with China.
After Xi's return to China, Trump continued to pressure him. On April 11, he tweeted: “North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them!” That night, Trump called Xi up on the phone and the two men discussed North Korea again.
The following day, Trump tweeted that he “had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea,” But Xi in Beijing said that he had urged Trump to seek a “peaceful solution.”
From China's standpoint, a peaceful solution means not only sanctions but a return to talks between the US and North Korea. Talks are no doubt needed but sanctions haven't been given a chance, mostly because the sanctions regime is full of holes.
Earlier this month, China's General Administration of Customs said that the country's trade with North Korea grew 37.4 percent in the first quarter of this year. China is North Korea's biggest trading partner. Beijing argues that sanctions don't prohibit trade. That's true as far as it goes.
But even advanced foreign technology finds its way into Pyongyang via China, despite sanctions, and the Chinese government doesn't seem to be doing much to stop this.
A UN panel of experts reported last month that debris from a North Korean long-range rocket contained several foreign-sourced commercial items, including ball bearings from a Chinese manufacturer, Beijing East Exhibition High-Tech Technology Co. Ltd. The panel reported also that pressure transmitters had come from a company identified as Beijing Xinjianteng Century Technical Technology.
No wonder North Korea has been able to make such progress, despite ostensibly draconian sanctions. By keeping one eye closed while its businesses supply the North with banned technology, Beijing is enabling North Korea to become a nuclear power.
In February, after North Korea tested an intermediate-range ballistic missile, six US senators wrote a joint letter calling on the Trump administration to determine China's role in aiding and abetting North Korea.
The US — and the UN — must move beyond sanctions against North Korea itself to sanctioning foreign nationals and entities who are providing the wherewithal for the country to achieve its nuclear ambitions.
Clearly, there is much room for tighter implementation of sanctions, by China and some other countries. In the UN panel's words, approval of sanctions wasn't matched “by the requisite political will.”
Trump is right in one thing. It is China's job to deal with North Korea, which is a Frankenstein's monster nurtured by China.
There are signs that perhaps, at this late date, China may be prepared to take serious action.
Global Times, a state-run newspaper, published an unusual editorial last week in which it proposed that restrictions be placed on North Korean oil imports. This is an interesting idea, considering that China is the main source of North Korea's crude oil.
“If the North makes another provocative move this month, the Chinese society will be willing to see the United Nations Security Council adopt severe restrictive measures that have never been seen before, such as restricting oil exports to the North,” the editorial said.
Now the US can propose, and China can endorse, strengthening sanctions to include oil. This is a rare opportunity for Xi to show that China is serious about reining in North Korea. Sanctions against Chinese entities may be next.
Frank.ching@gmail.com
Twitter: @FrankChing1
CARACAS, March 29 Venezuela has arrested a senior manager of state oil company PDVSA on suspicion of "irregularities" in contracts to supply fuel to the domestic market, authorities said on Wednesday.
The detention of international commerce manager Marco Malave, 47, followed a shakeup of personnel at PDVSA's trade department since January and amid gasoline shortages around the South American OPEC nation last week.
"PDVSA representatives denounced a series of irregularities in the protocol for contracting companies with vessels to supply the referred hydrocarbon to the Venezuelan market," the state prosecutor's office said in a statement.
The situation affected fuel distribution in seven states, including the capital Caracas, it said. Malave was arrested last week in Caracas and his bank accounts have been frozen.
President Nicolas Maduro's socialist government and Petróleos de Venezuela, S.A., familiarly known as PDVSA, have repeatedly vowed to take steps to combat corruption, which has affected Venezuela and its oil industry for decades.
Earlier this month, the heads of Venezuela-based subcontracting companies Castillo Max and Guevara Training were arrested and charged with corruption for overbilling in equipment sales at the main oil-exporting port Jose.
Jesus Osorio, the former manager of Jose terminal, was jailed in February over the purchase of two floating platforms costing $76.2 million.
Opposition leaders have said that PDVSA has been crippled by malfeasance under 18 years of socialist rule.
A probe last year by the opposition-run Congress said $11 billion had gone missing from PDVSA. The government dismissed that as part of a right-wing smear campaign.
Rumors are rife inside PDVSA and in the wider oil sector that company president Eulogio del Pino may depart soon, to be replaced by Oil Minister Nelson Martinez. There has been no official word on this. Attempts to reach Del Pino have been unsuccessful
"Del Pino's apparent replacement Nelson Martinez is part of this broader trend of promoting loyalists," Eurasia consultancy analyst Risa Grais-Targow wrote in a report on Wednesday.
"Martinez is close to Maduro, who has long wanted him to head PDVSA. Martinez represents the most viable alternative to Del Pino considering a shallow bench of skilled oil sector technocrats." (Reporting by Andrew Cawthorne; Editing by Marianna Parraga, Toni Reinhold)
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRESS DIGEST- British Business - June 15
The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Activist hedge fund Sarissa Capital Management LP said on Wednesday that U.S. respiratory drug company Innoviva Inc (INVA.O) reneged on a proxy settlement deal that was struck earlier in the day.
Sarissa, run by former Carl Icahn protege Alex Denner, said in a statement that Innoviva had accepted an offer to settle the proxy contest ahead of the shareholder vote scheduled for Thursday by adding two Sarissa-nominated directors to the board.
After Sarissa signed and sent back the settlement contract Wednesday afternoon, Innoviva continued to lobby shareholders to vote for its own nominees without disclosing its settlement with the activist, the hedge fund said. Then Innoviva said it would no longer agree to a deal.
Innoviva declined to comment.
Based on shareholder votes that had come in as of late Wednesday, Innoviva believed it had enough support to defeat Sarissa's director nominees, according to people familiar with the matter who asked not to be identified discussing internal deliberations.
Innoviva and Sarissa declined to comment on the current votes.
Sarissa, which owns a 2.72 percent stake in Innoviva, had accused the company of spending too much money on executive pay and board compensation, given that its only function is to manage the drug royalties it receives from GlaxoSmithKline Plc (GSK.L).
Earlier this month, Innoviva announced plans to undertake a review of cost and executive compensation structures that it said could result in "meaningful savings in our core operating costs that will benefit our financial performance."
Innoviva, which had 14 employees as of Dec. 31, according to its annual report, has a market capitalization of $1.5 billion. GlaxoSmithKline, which has a 29.3 percent stake in Innoviva, had opposed Sarissa's board nominees.
Innoviva and GlaxoSmithKline submitted an application in November to market their new three-in-one inhaled lung drug for U.S. approval. Innoviva and GlaxoSmithKline have other respiratory medicines in the market.
Sarissa has a track record of shaking up boards in the pharmaceutical industry. Its past targets have included Biogen Inc (BIIB.O) and Ariad Pharmaceuticals Inc, a manufacturer of cancer drugs which agreed to sell itself to Japanese drugmaker Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd (4502.T) in January for $5.2 billion.
(Reporting by Greg Roumeliotis and Michael Flaherty in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Thank God for Congress, right? When things get out of balance in America, we can always count on our legislative stalwarts to recalibrate the scales of justice.
Take greed, for example. The barons of Wall Street, whose raw greed and casino scams wrecked our real economy five years ago, are back to shoving great gobs of bonus pay into their pockets. Meanwhile, the middle class remains decimated, and millions of workaday Americans who were knocked all the way down into poverty are still stuck there. In this nation of fabulous wealth, our poverty numbers are shocking and scandalous: 50 million people are officially poor; another 51 million are “near poor.” A third of our country!
You'll be pleased to know, then, that only last week, U.S. House members turned their legislative guns on the greed that's sapping the moral vitality of our society. Unfortunately, their aim was a bit off. Instead of popping the privileged, they hit the most unprivileged — families who need food stamps to make ends meet.
The food stamp program is out of control, they shrieked, noting that it's been expanding even as the unemployment rate has been coming down. Yoo-hoo, knuckleheads, the jobless rate has ticked down largely because job-seekers have become so discouraged by the absence of opportunities that they've quit looking. Plus, getting a job no longer gets you out of poverty — just ask the barista who's making your next latte about the joys of working for poverty pay. Food stamp rolls have reached record numbers, because — guess what? — there are record numbers of Americans in poverty!
Yet, the House called for cutting some $2 billion a year (and 2 million Americans) out of the program. On June 20, however, the members balked — not because the cut was too severe, but because it was not enough for Tea Party Repubs, who have been demanding a total food stamp gut job, proposing to slash the program by $25 billion a year.
Also, the GOP majority lost the votes of nearly all Democrats by adding a couple of fiendish amendments to punish poor people for the crime of being poor. One was to put additional work requirements on families seeking the food benefit. “We cannot continue to deny able-bodied people the dignity of work,” blathered a worked-up know-nothing named Steve Southerland of Florida. Then, Rep. Michele Bachmann had a tempest in her teapot of a brain, offering her support of Southerland's amendment in a sort of Biblical falsetto: “If anyone will not work, neither should he eat.”
Hello, Michele, that's not exactly in keeping with the moral message of the Biblical Jesus. Nor is it in keeping with reality — today's poverty does not stem from any unwillingness to work. Indeed, millions of food stamp recipients are working, but not being paid enough to put adequate groceries on the family table. And many more are in desperate search for jobs that aren't there.
In fairness, though, let me note that House Republicans did try to give hard-hit families something extra in this legislation: drug testing. Following in lockstep with the Koch-funded American Legislative Exchange Council — which has been peddling this vile, insulting slap at poor people all around the country — the House majority added a urine-test provision to its bill. That really puts the mean in “demeaning” — and this from small government poseurs who piously decry government intrusion into people's lives!
Once again, the tea party congress-critters should have used their ever-present Bibles for instruction, rather than just for thumping. They would've learned that Jesus, at the Sea of Galilee, distributed free fish and loaves to everyone there — with no pee-in-the-cup requirement. And if he had wanted to test whether anyone was on drugs, he would've passed cups to bankers first, then to lawmakers.
A society's response to poverty is one measure that speaks directly to its essential character. In particular, a wealthy society's nonchalant tolerance of poverty in its midst, the willingness of that society's leaders to disregard the spread of poverty and the callous calculations by some that it is permissible and even profitable to denigrate those mired in poverty — these are three flashing indicators of a meltdown in our society's moral core.
— Jim Hightower is a national radio commentator, writer, public speaker and author of Swim Against The Current: Even A Dead Fish Can Go With The Flow. Click here to contact him, follow him on Twitter: @JimHightower, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are his own.
May 3 COLOPLAST:
* H1 ORGANIC REVENUE GROWTH WAS 6%
* RESOLVED THAT COLOPLAST WILL PAY AN INTERIM DIVIDEND OF DKK 4.50 PER SHARE FOR A DIVIDEND PAY-OUT OF DKK 955M
* H1 REVENUE IN DKK WAS UP BY 5% TO DKK 7,636 MILLION
* "WE CONTINUE TO EXPECT ORGANIC REVENUE GROWTH OF 7-8% AT CONSTANT EXCHANGE RATES AND REPORTED GROWTH OF 7-8% IN DKK"
* BOARD HAS RESOLVED COLOPLAST WILL PAY INTERIM DIVIDEND OF DKK 4.50PER SHARE FOR DIVIDEND PAY-OUT OF DKK 955 MILLION
* EBIT MARGIN GUIDANCE REMAINS AT 33-34% AT CONSTANT EXCHANGE RATES AND AT ABOUT 33% IN DKK
* 2016/17 CAPITAL EXPENDITURE IS STILL EXPECTED TO BE AROUND DKK 700M
* CONTINUE TO EXPECT 2016/17 ORGANIC REVENUE GROWTH OF 7-8% AT CONSTANT EXCHANGE RATES AND REPORTED GROWTH OF 7-8% IN DKK
* 2016/17 EBIT MARGIN GUIDANCE REMAINS AT 33-34% AT CONSTANT EXCHANGE RATES AND AT ABOUT 33% IN DKK
* H1 EBIT UP 8 PERCENT TO DKK 2.47 BILLION
* COLOPLAST - FREE CASH FLOW WAS NEGATIVE AT DKK 648M, DKK 1,834M LESS THAN IN SAME PERIOD OF LAST YEAR
* Q2 REVENUE DKK 3.88 BILLION (REUTERS POLL DKK 3.89 BILLION)
* Q2 EBIT DKK 1.25 BILLION (REUTERS POLL DKK 1.27 BILLION) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
BRIEF-SSH Communications Security offers up to 3.4 mln new shares in accelerated book-built offering
* SSH COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY OFFERS UP TO 3,400,000 NEW SHARES TO INSTITUTIONAL AND OTHER SELECTED INVESTORS IN AN ACCELERATED BOOK-BUILT OFFERING
Saints surged into the semi-finals of the Anglo-Welsh Cup as they hammered Harlequins 36-10 at Franklin's Gardens on Friday night.
Tries from George North, Tom Stephenson, Ahsee Tuala and Ken Pisi wrapped up the try bonus point inside the opening 30 minutes.
Mike Haywood was in the thick of the action
And Pisi added his second score after the break, making it five tries in as many matches for the Samoan, as Saints cruised to victory.
Quins only had a try from Mark Lambert and Joe Marchant to shout about as they saw their 100 per cent record in the competition go up in smoke.
Saints will look forward to a semi-final in March, with their immediate attention now switching to the Aviva Premiership game at Bath next Friday.
They have won four of their five matches in all competitions in 2018 and will be full of confidence for their return to league action.
Saints certainly showed plenty of belief early on against Quins, being held up over the line on one occasion and denied a try by the TMO on another.
But it didn't take long before their lengthy spell on the Quins line paid off as North, released by Wales in a bid to get game time, found space on the left to score.
Piers Francis, making his return from concussion, landed the conversion and he was soon doing so again after a fine Saints score.
Jamie Gibson intercepted the ball on the edge of his own 22 and after he was brought to ground in the Quins half, possession moved quickly to Stephenson, who scored.
With the score 14-0 after just 14 minutes, it was already looking likely to be a long night for the away side.
It was waved after wave of Saints pressure, with North, Stephenson and Mike Haywood looking particularly lively in the formative stages of the game.
And after a slip in the Quins defence, Saints scored their third try with full-back Tuala sauntering in.
Francis again converted and the bonus-point score looked imminent.
So it proved as Stephenson and David Ribbans combined out wide and Pisi picked up to storm in for the score.
Francis missed the conversion, but the bonus point had been secured in ruthless fashion.
Saints showcased their defensive steel before the break, defending superbly to stop Quins, who were camped on the line.
But eventually the side from The Stoop broke through as prop Lambert made it over.
James Lang missed the conversion and Saints held a richly-deserved 26-5 lead at half-time.
And they extended their advantage early in the second period after Api Ratuniyarawa's break helped to earn a penalty, which Francis kicked.
The game then calmed down, with both teams ringing the changes ahead of the return to Premiership action next week.
Saints handed a debut to South African flanker Brüssow, who came on with 18 minutes remaining, and Pisi scored his second try soon after.
Stephen Myler, on for Francis, added the easy extras, but Quins had the final say as Marchant slipped through a couple of attempted tackles to score.
Saints: Tuala (Foden 73); Pisi, Tuitavake, Stephenson, North; Francis (Myler 62), Reinach (Groom 56); van Wyk (Ma'afu 66), Haywood (Marshall 62), Brookes (Ford-Robinson 56); Ratuniyarawa (Brüssow 62), Day (c); Ribbans, Gibson, Harrison (Eadie 50).
Harlequins: Morris; R Chisholm, Marchant, Cheeseman, Alofa Alofa; Lang (Prior 70), Lewis (Kitto 51); Lambert, Gray (Piper 62), McNulty (Ibuanokpe 56); South, Horwill (Twomey 40); White, Wallace, J Chisholm (c) (Luamanu 62).
Referee: Nic Berry
Attendance: 10,125
BRIEF-1347 Property Insurance Holdings through unit agrees upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program
* 1347 Property Insurance Holdings- co through unit agreed upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program for 2017 - 2018 treaty year
A former Mayor and Mayoress of Ripon were among the 82 couples renewing their wedding vows at a Ripon Cathedral service on Sunday to celebrate 50 years of marriage or more.
Marking 51 years of marriage, the service was a time for Barry and Eleanor Kay to fondly reflect on their lives together.
Remembering their wedding day in 1966, Mrs Kay said: “Wimbledon was on and one guest was hiding behind a gravestone listening to it on his transistor radio. It was very hot, a roasting day.”
Mr Kay said: “I think she was thinking what had she let herself in for.
“We feel very privileged to have been here today and to have been invited to read a lesson.
“It's wonderful to see all these couples celebrating together, and to see so many happy people together in one place.”
Lynne and John Slater from Asenby tied the knot at Ripon Cathedral in 1967, and celebrated their golden wedding the day before the special service, which took them back to where their journey together started.
Mrs Slater said: “A week before the service, Canon Emmerson, who went on to become Bishop Emmerson, stepped in to marry us.
“I still have his silk handkerchief. He gave it to me because I was so overcome by the emotion of the day.”
The Queen sent her congratulations to all of the couples, and was represented by the Lord Lieutenant of North Yorkshire, Barry Dodd, and the Deputy Lord Lieutenant of West Yorkshire Squadron Leader David Dinmore.
Over 400 people attended on Sunday, and the first service of its kind was held 20 years ago.
In his sermon, the Dean of Ripon, the Very Rev John Dobson, said: “There is much to be thankful for. There is much to celebrate - and your success, your steadfastness over five decades and more can be a source of encouragement and inspiration to younger generations.”
FILE PHOTO - The New Zealand All Blacks rugby team captain Kieran Read walks under cloudy skies during a team training session in Sydney, Australia, August 19, 2016, before their first Bledisloe Cup game against Australia's Wallabies on Saturday. REUTERS/Jason Reed
WELLINGTON All Blacks captain Kieran Read will make his return to Super Rugby following wrist surgery in what will be teammate Wyatt Crockett's record setting appearance for the Canterbury Crusaders against Japan's Sunwolves on Friday.
Read played 40 minutes of club rugby in Christchurch last week after he underwent surgery following the All Blacks end-of-season tour to the northern hemisphere.
Read's return could not be better timed with the British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand less than two months away.
The 31-year-old will also be joined by flyhalf Richie Mo'unga and Seta Tamanivalu, who have also recovered from long-term injuries to make the starting side for the Sunwolves' first Super Rugby game in New Zealand.
The match will be Crockett's 176th appearance for the Christchurch-based side, with the 34-year-old surpassing former All Blacks hooker Keven Mealamu for the most Super Rugby appearances.
Mealamu played 175 Super Rugby games, mostly for the Auckland Blues, but he also played one season with the Waikato Chiefs.
"I wouldn't be here celebrating this milestone if it wasn't for my incredibly supportive family and friends, or the coaches, team management and teammates who have made it possible," the loosehead prop said in a statement.
"It continues to be as much of an honour every time I pull on the Crusaders jersey as it was the first time."
The Crusaders had a bye last week and remain the only unbeaten side in the highly competitive New Zealand conference.
(Reporting by Greg Stutchbury; Editing by John O'Brien)
A Mexican immigrant is avoiding deportation by living in a sanctuary church, and she's ready to stay that way for the remainder of Trump's presidency.
President Donald Trump's crackdown on undocumented immigrants is prompting many people across the country to fear for their freedom as tales of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) arrests hit the news.
In one case, an immigrant has been so concerned for her safety that she's been living inside of a church, unable to go outside for fear of deportation.
Jeanette Vizguerra has been inside of the First Unitarian Church in Denver, Colorado, for two months. She moved in back in February after officials refused to grant her permission to stay in the country.
Vizguerra is an undocumented immigrant from Mexico and has lived in the United States for 20 years. In 2009, she was arrested for using a forged document, which was a fake Social Security number she used to apply for a job. At the time, she pleaded guilty for “attempted possession of a forged instrument,” according to a local Fox affiliate.
In 2012, she left the country for Mexico to visit her mother, who was on her deathbed. When she entered back, she was caught. Ever since, Vizguerra has been on ICE's radar, and she said she fears what would happen if she were detained.
Undocumented Immigrant seeking Sanctuary in Denver Church Hasn`t Been Outside in 2 Months https://t.co/KcvqROLbAZ via @yahoo — chet hamby sr. (@HambySr) April 17, 2017
The church is acting as a sanctuary from ICE and the only place Vizguerra said she feels safe.
“The people are very friendly. Very lovely,” she told reporters. “They came up with a plan of emergency if for whatever reason ICE were to come.”
“I need to fight for and defend what I think is right and just. And the right thing to do is to be with my kids,” Vizguerra added.
The immigrant's four children were all born in the United States, but her youngest is only 6 years old. Her oldest daughter, who has three children of her own, is allowed to stay in the country due to her status under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals law.
Choosing to remain in the United States is her only choice because “[t]hey are my life,” she said. “And if I'm not with them then my life has no purpose.”
Vizguerra's children come to visit their mother at the church three times per week, but living in such conditions isn't easy.
“Nights when I'm alone that my kids aren't with me is the most difficult part,” the immigrant stated. “My little Curi would always sleep with me,” and since her child “isn't here” she “can't hug her.”
But being away from her children so often isn't the only bad thing. According to the immigrant, she's also often saddened by the stories of other immigrants being taken away.
Last week, another undocumented immigrant living in Colorado wasn't as lucky as Vizguerra.
Maria De Jesus Sanchez from Aurora, couldn't find a sanctuary in any of the local churches. As a result, the immigrant was arrested by ICE.
“All the memories rush to me. I have been in that situation three times. I've been in the same spot she was in now,” Vizguerra said.
Because of her situation, Vizguerra is incapable of helping others like De Jesus Sanchez, making her feel powerless. If she could leave, she told reporters, she “would be able to do more things than just being here. That is the hardest part of not being able to be outside.”
During her days, Vizguerra dedicates her time to fight for people like her who are running the risk of being deported. Unfortunately, she isn't able to do much about her own case as she's still unsure of what will happen to her future.
“Right now, there isn't a next step,” she said. “So I can only wait. Only wait. I don't know how long. One month? Probably longer. But emotionally, mentally, I'm prepared to be here all four years of Trump's presidency.”
It's terribly sad that people have to live this way even if they haven't committed any crimes. Thankfully, more churches will step up by acting as sanctuaries in order to help people struggling to defend themselves from this administration.
Registration is now open for Horses4Heroes' Saturdays at the Ranch Day Camps, Spring Break Camp and 10 weeks of Summer Camp.
Contact
Sydney Knott
***@horses4heroes.org Sydney Knott
End
-- There is nothing quite like the experience of attending camp and Horses4Heroes offers some of the best camps in Las Vegas for children ages 5 to 13. Registration is now open for Saturdays at the Ranch Day Camps, Spring Break Camp and 10 weeks of Summer Camp.Las Vegas-based non-profit, Horses4Heroes, operates the Horse4Heroes Equestrian Center in historic Floyd Lamb at Tule Springs. Here, at the non-profit's headquarters and flagship facility, Horses4Heroes offers affordable horseback riding lessons for all ages and riding levels, camps, birthday parties, field trips and free workshops for veterans with PTSD, victims of domestic abuse and violence, recovering addicts, at-risk youth and teens and others in the community who need a hand up, not a hand out. Every weekend, Friday-Sunday, the center is open for "test rides," a few minutes on a horse for $5 on Fridays and $10 on weekends. Test rides are always just $5 for Active Duty service members, veterans, First Responders and their families Hours vary throughout the year.There are three ways to attend camp at the Horses4Heroes Equestrian Center. Every Saturday, through May 19, children can attend Saturday at the Ranch Day Camps. Campers take Horse 101 and get to know horses and minis, ride horses, take a hay ride tour of the historic park, and interact with farm animals and, on first and third Saturdays, visit the Las Vegas Farmer's Market. fsbdt Spring Break Camp is March 26-March 30, 8 am to 5 pm. In addition to fun activities with horses and farm animals, campers will spend one morning at The Texas Station Hotel & Casino, enjoying playtime in Kids Quest, bowling and lunch at The Feast Buffet, and, back at camp, take a karate class from a local instructor. For an additional $10, campers can attend the fourth annual Easter at the Ranch and Easter Egg Hunt, Friday, March 30, 4 pm to 7 pm.Finally, registration is now open for 10 weeks of summer camp, beginning Tuesday, May 29. This will be Horses4Heroes fifth summer operating this camp in the park, and the ninth year offering a summer camp option with horses. Camp is Monday -Friday, 8 am to 5 pm and includes a weekly outing to The Texas and a Friday afternoon water slide in the corral.For all camps, special reduced rates are available to veterans, Active Duty Military personnel, National Guard and Reserve, law enforcement officers, school teachers and nurses.Teen volunteers, ages 14 to 17, are welcome to serve as volunteer student counselors. For information on volunteering and earning community service hours, email camps@horses4heroes.org."Our camps are technology free and offer good old fashioned fun," said Sydney Knott, president and founder of Hoses4Heroes. "Campers have fun using their imaginations, exploring this park, a rare jewel in the desert, learning about the animals that live here, making new friends, becoming more confident and coming away with a powerful sense of accomplishment. 'I did it', is something we often hear!" said Ms. Knott.For all camps, register online at http://horses4heroes.myonlinecamp.com/ Proceeds from all paid activities, donations and sponsorships goes toward the feeding and care of the horses and farm animals, as well as scholarships to allow even deeper discounts for camps, lessons and workshops for veterans.In 2014 and 2016,, a national initiative to introduce newcomers to horses. Horses4Heroes is the only repeat winner of this challenge and the only national equine non-profit that owns its own horses and uses those horses, including retired, donated and Feed Lot rescues, every day in programs that serve local heroes and the community. The organization's large and growing national network of equestrian centers in 45 states and Canada offer affordable, sometimes free, recreational, instructional and health and wellness programs for all ages, all riding levels and in all disciplines. For more information on all programs and activities, email events@horses4heroes.org , visit http://www.horses4heroes.org or call 702.645.8446.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
A woman works at Tongfa shoe factory in Santai town of Anxin county, one part of the new special economic zone Xiong'an New Area, Hebei province, China, April 6, 2017. Picture taken on April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
Local 17-year-old Liu Zhipeng drives a motor tricycle carrying his friends on a main road in Anxin county, one part of the new special economic zone Xiong'an New Area, Hebei province, China, April 6, 2017. Picture taken on April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
Local 17-year-old Liu Zhipeng (C) speaks to Reuters about his idea for the new special economic zone in Anxin county, one part of the new special economic zone Xiong'an New Area, Hebei province, China, April 6, 2017. Picture taken on April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
Zhao Xiaodong, a local business owner of Jitong plastic pipe factory, is pictured at his villa in Donghegang village on the outskirts of Xiongxian county, one part of the new special economic zone Xiong'an New Area, Hebei province, China, April 6, 2017. Picture taken on April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
A banner warning illegal land occupancy is placed on a wall in Santai town of Anxin county, one part of the new special economic zone Xiong'an New Area, Hebei province, China, April 6, 2017. Picture taken on April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
Zhao Xiaodong, a local business owner of Jitong plastic pipe factory, is pictured at his villa in Donghegang village on the outskirts of Xiongxian county, one part of the new special economic zone Xiong'an New Area, Hebei province, China, April 6, 2017. Picture taken on April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
A banner supporting the government's decision of banning new property sales is placed outside a closed sales office of a property in Xiongxian county, one part of the new special economic zone Xiong'an New Area, Hebei province, China, April 6, 2017. Picture taken on April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
A woman works at Tongfa shoe factory in Santai town of Anxin county, one part of the new special economic zone Xiong'an New Area, Hebei province, China, April 6, 2017. Picture taken on April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
A local villager is pictured on the back of a vehicle in Donghegang village on the outskirts of Xiongxian county, one part of the new special economic zone Xiong'an New Area, Hebei province, China, April 6, 2017. Picture taken on April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
A local villager drives a vehicle carrying building materials in Donghegang village on the outskirts of Xiongxian county, one part of the new special economic zone Xiong'an New Area, Hebei province, China, April 6, 2017. Picture taken on April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
A woman and a girl walk toward the government building of Xiongxian county, one part of the new special economic zone Xiong'an New Area, Hebei province, China, April 6, 2017. Picture taken on April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
A woman is carried by a motor tricycle on a main road in Xiongxian county, one part of the new special economic zone Xiong'an New Area, Hebei province, China, April 6, 2017. Picture taken on April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
A worker packs pipelines onto a truck at a local plastic pipe factory in Donghegang village on the outskirts of Xiongxian county, one part of the new special economic zone Xiong'an New Area, Hebei province, China, April 6, 2017. Picture take on April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
A man stands next to tombs in the field on the outskirts of Rongcheng county, one part of the new special economic zone Xiong'an New Area, Hebei province, China, April 6, 2017. Picture taken on April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
A woman works at Tongfa shoe factory in Santai town of Anxin county, one part of the new special economic zone Xiong'an New Area, Hebei province, China, April 6, 2017. Picture taken on April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
A woman works at Tongfa shoe factory in Santai town of Anxin county, one part of the new special economic zone Xiong'an New Area, Hebei province, China, April 6, 2017. Picture taken on April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
XIONGXIAN, China/BEIJING Like many residents of Xiongxian county, a polluted corner of Hebei province, 17-year-old Liu Zipeng has been giddy with excitement since China announced plans this month for a vast new economic zone backed by President Xi Jinping himself.
"I am so happy - I don't need to move to Beijing or worry about getting a wife anymore," Liu said with a laugh.
Such are the hopes for the area, about 100 km (60 miles) southwest of Beijing, that authorities quickly banned property sales to quash a speculative frenzy.
While China has set high expectations by touting the Xiongan New Area as a successor to zones in Shenzhen and Shanghai that helped make China an economic powerhouse, the force of Xi's endorsement could help it flourish where other new development areas failed to match the hype.
In a sign of Beijing's intent, Xu Qin, the former mayor and Communist party boss for Shenzhen, was named acting governor of Hebei province on Friday, with analysts saying it is likely he will be tapped to lead development of Xiongan.
Once a sleepy fishing village, Shenzhen, bordering Hong Kong, became an economic juggernaut after being declared a special economic zone in 1980.
Details for Xiongan, planned eventually to stretch across 2,000 square kilometers, an area almost as big as Tokyo, remain sketchy. It is pitched as an environmentally friendly city housing some of Beijing's relocated "non-capital functions", with hopes to attract high-tech industries.
Nearly 30 large state enterprises including PetroChina (601857.SS) and China Shipbuilding Industry Corp have expressed interest, though no specific relocation plans have been announced.
The three counties that make up the area, Xiongxian, Anxin and Rongcheng, are home to about a million people as well as wheat fields, light manufacturing and heavy pollution - endemic in much of Hebei.
But unlike Shenzhen and Shanghai's Pudong, the development of Xiongan is not expected to be accompanied by major economic reforms, and its landlocked setting is a transportation disadvantage.
"Natural market forces would probably not have chosen this place. But if the central government backs it with unlimited resources, it could become whatever it wants to be," said Steven McCord, head of research for North China at real estate consultancy Jones Lang LaSalle.
The plan fits into a broader regional integration push for the cities of Beijing and Tianjin and Hebei province, dubbed Jing-Jin-Ji, which has been spearheaded by Xi since 2015 to tackle the "big city disease" plaguing Beijing, a crowded and polluted city of 22 million.
But Jing-Jin-Ji's progress has been slower than hoped.
"It's been hard to get traction getting Beijing, Tianjin, and Hebei to work together seamlessly," McCord said.
Xiongan could be a political and geographical "clean slate" to generate more jobs and economic stimulus for North China, he said.
Xi himself visited Anxin county in late February, which only became public when China announced plans for Xiongan on April 1.
Morgan Stanley's base scenario foresees 133 billion yuan ($19.3 billion) in additional fixed asset investment annually over 15 years to build Xiongan, equivalent to just 0.24 percent of China's 56.2 trillion yuan of nationwide fixed asset investment last year.
(To view a graphic on on China's economic zones, click tmsnrt.rs/2oPQVeV)
MIXED RECORD
While the Shenzhen and Shanghai economic zones thrived, some similar schemes in China have fallen short of expectations.
Caofeidian, also in Hebei, was promoted by former President Hu Jintao as a new industrial zone in 2008, but development foundered as debt accumulated.
Authorities have been trying to give Caofeidian another push to upgrade its industries to become a driver of Jing-Jin-Ji's integration, but competition among provinces has been a drag on progress.
"Caofeidian had central government support, but it was a long way from being a national-level special economic zone. Its importance was definitely not at the same level that Xiongan is seeing now," said He Jun, head of macroeconomic research at Anbound Consulting.
"Xiongan's biggest advantage is that it has strong support from the central government."
He remains doubtful that Xiongan will emulate Shanghai or Shenzhen due to its geography and the greater openness of China's economy now, but the political leadership seems intent on making it succeed.
Among the architects of the new project is Xu Kuangdi, the mayor of Shanghai in the late 90s who also heads the advisory committee for Jing-Jin-Ji.
The leadership make-up is intended to ensure Xiongan would "escape past failures", said Liu Ying, a researcher at Renmin University's Chong Yang Institute for Financial Studies.
Not everyone in Anxin is cheered by the prospect.
An Anxin restaurant owner in her 50s surnamed Liu said she checks social media constantly for updates, as she fears being forced out of the spacious villa built on her farmland.
"I don't think it is necessarily a good thing for me. Our lives are pretty good right now."
Down a street next to fields of withered wheat, workers loaded a truck with plastic pipes, a major local industry.
"The establishment of the new zone for sure will limit us further as we do pollute the environment to some degree," said Zhao Xiaodong, owner of Jitong Plastic.
But most locals are optimistic.
"If president Xi thinks it will be the next Shenzhen and Shanghai, then it will be," said Mrs Shi, a shop worker in Xiongxian.
($1 = 6.8998 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(Additional reporting by David Stanway; Editing by Tony Munroe and Will Waterman)
May 3 Fullshare Holdings Ltd:
* Entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with China Citic Bank Corporation Limited (Nanjing branch)
* Citic Bank agrees to provide to co with a comprehensive credit and financing limit of not less than RMB10 billion
* Pursuant to agreement Citic Bank & co will carry out cooperation in relation to provision of package, comprehensive financial services by Citic Bank Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DHAKA, Bangladesh (AP) — Bangladesh's government condemned an attack on New York City's subway system, as it emerged that the suspect is an immigrant from the South Asian nation.
"Bangladesh is committed to its declared policy of 'Zero Tolerance' against terrorism, and condemns terrorism and violent extremism in all forms or manifestations anywhere in the world, including Monday morning's incident in New York City," the government statement said in a statement.
Police in Bangladesh said Tuesday that they were not in a position to comment on the suspect, identified by U.S. authorities as Akayed Ullah, a 27-year-old Bangladeshi immigrant. Ullah is accused of strapping a crude pipe bomb to his body and detonating it during rush hour Monday in an attack in which only he was seriously wounded.
Ullah arrived in the United States in 2011 and the Department of Homeland Security said he's a lawful permanent resident of the U.S. who was living in Brooklyn. He came to the U.S. on a visa issued to him based on a family connection to a U.S. citizen.
Advertisement
Law enforcement officials familiar with the investigation said Ullah had looked at Islamic State group propaganda online and told investigators he was retaliating against U.S. military aggression, but had no direct contact with the group. The people spoke to The Associated Press on the condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Ullah's family in the U.S. said in a statement that it was heartbroken and deeply saddened by the suffering the attack has caused.
___
Associated Press writer Colleen Long in New York contributed to this report.
UPDATE 1-Qatar signs $12 bln deal to buy F-15 jets from U.S.
June 14 Qatar's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $12 billion.
Britain's railways provide a striking example of how a half-baked privatisation goes wrong. The Centre for Policy Studies today introduces a new word to the political and economic lexicon: Railopoly; noun, the exclusive possession or control of train services by a single company (public or private) which faces no competition or threat of. The private train monopolies which have been allowed to replace the old nationalised British Rail have become entrenched in the safe knowledge that ministers will not object and regulators will keep preventing competition. But how and why? Quite apart from allowing bad policies, can't Conservatives realise that preserving the current unsatisfactory system gives credibility to Jeremy Corbyn's plans to renationalise?
On the 25th anniversary of the Tory White Paper which led to privatization, the sector has largely become a collection of Whitehall-sponsored railopolies. Ministers hide behind shiny new trains and a good safety record but ultimately preside over a railway network where passengers have barely any choice, enjoy no fare competition, increasingly face overcrowding and suffer from growing union militancy. It could and should be so much better.
Allowing these monopolies contradicts the most basic pledges set out by John Major in 1992. The foreword to his White Paper, New Opportunities for the Railways, pledged to extend the benefits of private sector management, skill and entrepreneurial spirit to the railways to deliver ‘more competition, greater efficiency and a wider choice of services more closely tailored to what customers want'.
Unfortunately, Conservatives have largely abandoned more on–track competition and choice. This is in part down to the dogged belief by mandarins, with presumed acquiescence from their political masters, that the only way of squeezing more money out of train franchises is to promise that they won't face competition. In effect this means promising a lengthy monopoly regardless of the impact on passengers and the regions. It is not helped by the regular churn of ministers (four different rail ministers in the past six years) and the free hand civil servants at the Department for Transport have been allowed for far too long. Older rail executives now talk of there being more Whitehall micromanagement today than in the heyday of state control.
A hard truth was pithily explained in an article for The Times last month by the former CEO of the East Coast franchise, Michael Holden. ‘Whenever fares go up or there is a disruption it is a common mistake to blame privatisation. Yet the railways are not privatised, certainly not in a way that compares with energy, telecoms or aviation.' Holden here does us a service by making it clear that although train companies may compete when they bid to win a franchise, most can rightly assume, given present policies, that they will face no competition, unlike aviation or telecoms. Consequently the system encourages and delivers a private railopoly to run the trains for years.
Ironically, it was the Blair Government which agreed to some genuine if small scale on-track rail competition, known as ‘open access', in the noughties. It has worked. Tonight, at London King's Cross, passengers can reap the benefits as they choose from one of three intercity companies to reach Yorkshire and the North East. New statistics show they each enjoy the highest UK rail passenger satisfaction ratings – all above 90 per cent – and lead on value for money, timekeeping, reliability and getting a seat compared with all other train firms. Astonishingly, this model, where the Whitehall-chosen franchise competes directly on the same track with two private companies has not been encouraged elsewhere. Passengers out of London Paddington, Waterloo, Victoria, Euston, Liverpool Street and across the great cities of the west country and the north west deserve to enjoy the same benefits as those along the east coast. Importantly this line has seen consistent growth and fares have risen much less than elsewhere on the network.
No more choice is delivered whether monopolies are private or public. But private ones have been defended by Tories and consciously allowed to grow despite legislation originally designed to deliver competition. Both increase the role of the state as the ultimate manager, regulator and arbiter. Ministers have either been told, or worryingly genuinely believe, that this situation is manageable, acceptable and right. It leads to a culture of inaction where the very concept of upholding and strengthening sector liberalisation is parked.
A key problem is that though there has been some progress from this halfway house supporters of renationalisation can point to a longer list of perceived failings. It is these which secure the headlines and send ministers running for the hills. Friends of Claire Perry, the previous rail minister who resigned last year, told the Daily Telegraph, ‘she was fed up with justifying how crap our railways are'. In truth fare rises have been low compared with the old nationalised British Rail, new trains are being delivered and more people are travelling by rail than at any time since the 1920s on a network half the size. But so long as privatisation remains incomplete and passengers do not see and feel a better deal then there can be no real political progress.
Tories must be seen to deliver new and consumer friendly policies alongside remaking the case for free markets with appropriate regulation. The Prime Minister's speech to the Tory conference offers some hope with her pledge to ‘take on monopolies' and ‘reform free markets when they don't work' – the railways present a great opportunity. Ministers should pledge to deliver real passenger choice, make the railopolies face tough competition and win back the policy agenda from the left. Otherwise Corbyn's drive for nationalisation will win even more supporters, most of whom don't remember the failures and managed decline of British Rail.
Tony Lodge is Research Fellow at the Centre for Policy Studies
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte gestures while answering questions during a news conference upon arrival from a trip to Myanmar and Thailand at an international airport in Manila, Philippines March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
MANILA Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte told school children on Monday he would not hesitate to kill to protect them from the scourge of drugs and encouraged them to enlist in the army to defend the country from its enemies.
Speaking during a Boys Scouts' ceremony at the presidential palace, Duterte did not mince words, saying he would kill dealers "if you touch our children".
Duterte has repeatedly rebuffed international criticism about his bloody war on drugs, during which more than 8,000 people have been killed since he took power on June 30 last year.
Police have taken responsibility for a third of those deaths, citing self-defense during anti-narcotics operations.
Duterte also said he planned to restore basic military training in universities to instill discipline, stepping up government's crackdown on narcotics.
"I need soldiers, I need boy scouts. Who wants to become soldiers?" he asked. "I am counting on you, are you ready? Answer me, children. Always love you country."
Duterte said the country had become too libertarian as the youth reject the boy scouts and military training program and embrace alcohol, street brawls and drugs.
(Reporting By Manuel Mogato; Editing by Nick Macfie)
MANAGING Director of the Nigerian Petroleum Marketing Company, (NPMC), a subsidiary of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC, Mr. Umar Ajiya, has outlined reasons that have contributed to NIPCO's pivotal role in petroleum products storage and distribution across the country.
NPMC is an offshoot of the defunct Petroleum Products Marketing Company, PPMC, charged with the primary role of ensuring products availability to sustain the nation's industries, running of automobiles and domestic cooking, LPG.
Speaking during an inspection visit to the terminal in Lagos, Mr. Ajiya who described the visit as homecoming, having been part of NIPCO LPG beginnings said massive storage and the combination of outlets of Nipco and 11Plc will make the synergy high for strategic marketing in getting products to the consumers at a faster pace, excellent service delivery, and the level of automation of the organization puts it in high pedigree in the league of depot operators.
“Massive trucking and hospitality of truck drivers which is not common in other depots has put Nipco plc on a better edge than other companies.”
The value distribution chain Nipco plays is a vital role as far as distribution of petroleum products is concerns across the country are highly commendable “the MD asserted.
He also noted that more importantly, the company's management had run the terminal hitch free since it commenced operations in 2004 and had remained a reliable ally to NPMC in storage of products for thru-put as well as eventual loading NPMC bulk purchase marketers across the country.
“This [NIPCO] is a world class facility, we commend the entire management & staff of NIPCO & II Plc for the maintenance of an excellent outfit ‘' the NPMC MD remarked.
Earlier in his address ,the Group Managing Director ,NIPCO ,Mr Venkataraman Venkatapathy who was ably supported by the Managing Director ,NIPCO ,Mr Sanjay Teotia and the MD ,II Plc ,Mr Tunji Oyebanji lauded the pre-eminent role of the MD NPMC in fuel distribution sequence .
He said the enduring relationship between the two organisations had been beneficial to the nation, especially the growing clientele who operated filling stations and dispense to the motorist and other fuel users.
The GMD informed that with the acquisition of erstwhile MON, the Group has over 500 retail outlets in the country with a strong presence in lubes while its ATK business is also coming up.
In his remarks, MD NIPCO, Mr Sanjay Teotia acknowledges the excellent working relationship with NPMC management which was well demonstrated again in the course of the visit through the generous comments on our facility, our people and your concern on enduring partnership between NPMC & NIPCO
According to him, the NNPC Group as a whole has being playing an essential role in the growth of the company ,one of which is the JV with Nigerian Gas Company through Green Gas ltd for the provision of needed infrastructure to aid use of compressed natural gas as auto fuel in the country .
He said the NPMC is a crucial ally in meeting the fuel needs of our esteemed marketers across the country ,a feat that we are always delighted to note at all times .
Mr Sanjay assured NPMC of the company's unalloyed support and cooperation in meeting its set objectives even as both companies strive to add values to the Nigerian economy as far as petroleum storage and distribution is concerned
LONDON, May 2 (IFR) - AT&T is expected to tap the European bond market soon to help finance its US$85.4bn acquisition of Time Warner, according to several market participants.
AT&T is holding European meetings for a 'non-deal' investor update from May 2 via Bank of America Merrill Lynch and BNP Paribas.
Those banks said the meetings will only be used to update investors and are not linked to new bond issuance.
However, market participants are already speculating that AT&T is getting the ball rolling for a jumbo transaction, expected to be a mix of euro and US dollar debt.
"Everyone is eyeing up the US$30bn bridge and assuming they'll address some of that in euros," said one investor due to meet with the company later today.
Another investor that met with AT&T earlier on Tuesday told IFR that he expected to see a deal in the near term.
"Reading into it, yes, they will start to refinance that US$30bn shortly in the bond market."
The wireless giant announced that it had agreed to buy Time Warner Inc in October last year, and said it would finance the cash portion of the acquisition with debt and cash on its balance sheet.
AT&T has an 18-month bridge loan for US$30bn maturing in May 2018, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Companies have typically taken out bridge loans with bonds soon after announcing acquisitions in recent years due to strong market conditions and ultra low interest rates.
"If the world is still spinning in two/three weeks then we'll see a euro bond from AT&T," a banker not involved in the meetings said.
"AT&T typically don't like doing bond roadshows and they were put off by Honeywell and United Technologies, who saw spreads widen massively after holding roadshows last year."
AT&T was last in the European market in February 2015 with a €2.5bn dual-tranche deal. The €1.25bn Sep 2023 portion was bid at 59bp over mid-swaps on Tuesday, according to Tradeweb, having priced at plus 75bp. The company is rated Baa1/BBB+/A- by Moody's/S&P/Fitch (all on negative watch).
The Time Warner acquisition was approved by the European Commission in March.
"It's moving along as expected. The European Commission has approved it. The Department of Justice is now reviewing it, and we're working closely with them to answer any questions that they may have," Randall L. Stephenson, AT&T's chairman, CEO and President said on the company's earnings call in April. (Reporting By Laura Benitez, editing by Alex Chambers and Julian Baker)
Children with allergies are twice as likely to be bullied in school, and are increasingly falling victim to food spiked by classmates, a new study has found.
Australian doctors have reviewed disturbing evidence from countries around the world that allergies are becoming the latest bullying weapon, Seven News reported.
The study found that children with allergies were easy targets for bullying as they were often already socially isolated at school meal times.
University of New South Wales Professor Andrew Fong said children with allergies were often stigmatised by their peers because of perceived special treatment from teachers.
"Some of the things include things as scary as being forced to eat the food they're allergic to, or people tricking them into eating food," Professor Fong said.
In some reported cases, children have even been hospitalised as a result of "allergy bulling".
Professor Fong said the visible traits of kids with allergies, such as carrying EpiPens, also made them easily identifiable to bullies.
"Having an EpiPen is very obvious to other children," Professor Fong said.
April 13 Conocophillips
* Conocophillips announces agreement to sell San Juan basin assets
* Conocophillips - to sell its interests in San Juan basin to an affiliate of Hilcorp Energy company for up to $3.0 billion of total proceeds
* Says deal comprises of $2.7 billion in cash and a contingent payment of up to $300 million
* Conocophillips - contingent payment is effective beginning Jan. 1, 2018 and has a term of six years
* Conocophillips- expects to record a non-cash impairment on assets in Q2 of 2017
* Conocophillips - company expects to record a non-cash impairment on assets in Q2 of 2017
* Conocophillips - including recently announced Canadian asset sales, the transactions will materially reduce co's exposure to North American gas
* Conocophillips - post Canadian and San Juan basin transactions, sees 2017 nar production on pro forma basis of 1,145 – 1,175 mboed Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 5 Intel Corp
* Intel commences cash tender offer for all outstanding shares of Mobileye
* Intel commences cash tender offer for all outstanding shares of Mobileye
* Intel Corp - tender offer will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on June 21, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Skin Packaging Materials Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Skin Packaging Materials market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Sealed Air Corporation, DuPont (Surlyn), Clondalkin Group, Linpac Packaging, Display Pack, Bemis Company, Bemis Company, Westrock Company, Berry Plastics, ULMA Packaging, G. Mondini, Thermo Packaging, Nampak. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Skin Packaging Materials Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-skin-packaging-materials-market/10362/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Skin Packaging Materials market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Skin Packaging Materials market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Skin Packaging Materials Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Skin Packaging Materials. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Skin Packaging Materials in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Plastic Films, Paper & Paperboard, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Food, Pharmaceuticals, Industrial Goods, Consumer Goods, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Skin Packaging Materials Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-skin-packaging-materials-market/10362/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Skin Packaging Materials new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Skin Packaging Materials market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Skin Packaging Materials industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
UK's WS Atkins FY pretax profit up 18 pct on N.American business
June 15 WS Atkins, a British engineering and design consultancy, said its full-year pretax profit rose about 18 percent, helped by its North American business.
(Corrects to read 519 million in headline, paragraph 1)
FRANKFURT, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Instone Real Estate Group, a German residential property developer, said shares worth up to 519 million euros ($648 million) would be placed in its listing on the Frankfurt stock exchange, which it has scheduled for Feb. 15.
The placement will comprise 7 million new shares from a capital increase and 13.35 million shares from fund holdings by ActivumSG Capital Management Ltd at a price of 21.50 to 25.50 euros each, Instone said on Friday.
In addition, up to 3.05 million shares from ActivumSG have been earmarked for over-allotments.
: TV actress and Bigg Boss 11 winner Shilpa Shinde won everyone's heart with her stint in Colors TV show. After coming out, she was seen partying hard with Producer Rashmi Sharma and TV actress Gia Manek.However, she didn't attend the Arshi Khan's party and latter was quite upset with it. Arshi also took a sly dig at Shilpa on Twitter. But later on, Shilpa clarified that she was already out somewhere and by the time she was back home it was quite late.Well, after all this, we have some surprise for all the Shilpa Shinde fans. Shilpa recently shot for her new photo shoot and we have to say that she was looking beautiful. One of her look was Black gown with long golden earrings.Check out these videos:Shilpa Shinde came into controversy when she left hit show 'Bhabhi Ji Ghar Par Hai'.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It is one of the most miserable days of the year as millions of workers troop back to the office after an extended festive break.
But the bad news does not end there – because Tuesday morning's commute is set to be FREEZING .
The Met Office has issued a yellow warning for ice from 2am on Tuesday, with conditions expected to be treacherous on untreated side roads.
Temperatures were forecast to plunge to minus three on Monday night, creating hard frost patches and possible black ice.
Met Office forecaster Emma Boorman said it was a cold start to the year that could see large parts of the UK wake up to frost.
Warning motorists to be aware of icy spots, she said: “Take extra caution on the roads, leave extra time. There could be a few icy patches on untreated surfaces, and the showers could be quite nasty too.
“There's been an awful lot of cloud and rain through the course of the day so overnight that's going to be finally making its clearance and the temperatures will be falling away accordingly, so not quite as cold as it will be further north, but still a chilly night.
Emergency services warned drivers that they should defrost their cars thoroughly, and all windows and mirrors must be clear before they used their vehicles.
A Met Office spokesman added: “A very cold night is in store, and as moister air comes in contact with cold surfaces later.
“There is the potential for a lot of frost to form, rendering some surfaces hazardous.”
Commuters returning to work on Tuesday were urged to check their car battery before setting out.
The AA said Tuesday was typically the busiest of the year for breakdowns as many vehicles were left unused over the festive period.
Spokesman Max Holdstock said: “The first working day back in January is traditionally one of the busiest days of the year for breakdowns, with flat batteries the main culprit.
“The issue is that many cars get left unused for up to a fortnight in often cold conditions, which causes the power output of the battery to drop.
“If your car has been left sitting idle or has been used for mostly short, stop-start journeys, ideally trickle charge the battery.
“Or, if weather conditions permit, take it out for at least half-an-hour to boost the battery.”
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Hub International Ltd:
* HUB INTERNATIONAL ACQUIRES THE ASSETS OF INDIANA-BASED SUSORENY & ASSOCIATES, INC.
* HUB INTERNATIONAL LTD - ‍TERMS OF ACQUISITION WERE NOT DISCLOSED​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesman said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
A man walks the the street decorated with flags as North Korea prepares to mark Saturday's 105th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il-sung, North Korea's founding father and grandfather of the current ruler, in central Pyongyang, North Korea April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
North Korea's state media published a rare criticism of China on Wednesday, saying Chinese state media commentaries calling for tougher sanctions over Pyongyang's nuclear program were undermining relations with Beijing and worsening tensions.
A commentary carried by the official Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) referred to recent commentaries in China's People's Daily and Global Times newspapers, which it said were "widely known as media speaking for the official stand of the Chinese party and government."
"A string of absurd and reckless remarks are now heard from China every day only to render the present bad situation tenser," it said.
"China had better ponder over the grave consequences to be entailed by its reckless act of chopping down the pillar of the DPRK-China relations," the commentary said, referring to North Korea by the acronym for its official name, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
China is North Korea's neighbour and only major ally and the United States has pressed it to use its influence to rein in North Korea's nuclear and missile programs. Diplomats say Washington and Beijing are negotiating a possible stronger U.N. Security Council response - such as new sanctions - to North Korea's repeated ballistic missile launches.
The KCNA commentary charged that the Chinese articles had attempted to shift the blame to Pyongyang for "deteriorated relations" between China and North Korea and U.S. deployment of strategic assets to the region.
It also accused China of "hyping up" damage caused by North Korean nuclear tests to China's three northeastern provinces.
Chinese state media calls for North Korea to dismantle its nuclear program were "a wanton violation of the independent and legitimate rights, dignity and supreme interests" of North Korea and constituted "an undisguised threat to an honest-minded neighbouring country which has a long history and tradition of friendship," it said.
The KCNA commentary said calls by "some ignorant politicians and media persons" in China for stricter sanctions on North Korea and not ruling out military intervention if it refused to abandon its nuclear program, were "based on big-power chauvinism."
It said North Korea's nuclear program was needed for the "existence and development" of the country and "can never be changed nor shaken."
"The DPRK will never beg for the maintenance of friendship with China," the commentary said.
Earlier on Wednesday, China called on all parties in the Korean standoff to stay calm and "stop irritating each other" a day after North Korea said the United States was pushing the region to the brink of nuclear war.
(Reporting by David Brunnstrom in Washington; Editing by Frances Kerry)
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Nanjing Huamai Technology Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT SIGNS LETTER OF INTENT TO BUY 60 PERCENT STAKE OF JIANGSU DAOKANG GENERATOR SET CO FOR 180 MILLION YUAN ($27.19 million) Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2AHjWQ1 Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.6199 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
April 28 Russian President Vladimir Putin will meet with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on May 2 and Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan on May 3 in Sochi, the Kremlin said on Friday.
Putin will discuss efforts to fight terrorism with both leaders and talk about the situation in the Middle East and the Ukraine peace process with Merkel, the Kremlin said. Putin will also discuss the situation in Syria with Erdoğan.
(Reporting by Vladimir Soldatkin; Writing by Kevin O'Flynn; Editing by Jack Stubbs)
A chart-topping novelist from Corby is to release her third book next month.
Louise Jensen, 45, has sold more than 750,000 copies of her first two novels, The Sister and The Gift.
Louise's three book covers.
At one point last year she was number one in Amazon's Kindle bestseller chart and now she will release her third book, The Surrogate, on September 27.
Louise said: “The reaction to the first two books was not what I expected at all, it's been phenomenal.
“I'm hoping the readers that enjoyed them will read my next book.
“This year has been a whirlwind.
“Aside from writing there's much to do in terms of promotion and events.”
Mum-of-three Louise started writing during a long recovery period from a car accident that left her with serious health conditions.
Her novels have now reached 16 different countries and have both been in the top 10 ebooks for Amazon.
Louise added: “I'm constantly busy but I'm so grateful to be in this position.
“My husband and three children are immensely supportive and seeing how proud they are makes all the hard work worthwhile.”
As well as her online success, Louise will now get to see her work in stores across the country after publisher Little, Brown Book Group agreed to publish all three in paperback.
They will all be available to buy in bookshops and supermarkets like Tesco and Sainsbury's with The Sister out on August 24, The Gift out on Dec 16 and The Surrogate out next year.
She has just started writing her fourth standalone psychological thriller, which will be out in 2018.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Temperatures in Wolverhampton are set to plummet as low at -7C overnight tonight (December 11).
The forecasts say there will be widespread and severe frost as a result of clear skies and low wind.
The Met Office has put a yellow weather warning for ice in place as a result.
The warning from the Met Office said: "Ice is expected to form on some surfaces from late Monday afternoon and last overnight into Tuesday morning.
"There will probably be icy stretches on untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths with some injuries possible from slips and falls."
The Met Office warning for ice will remain in place until 11am on Tuesday.
No further snow is expected on Monday although it could resume on Tuesday evening.
Temperatures will raise to highs of 3C by Wednesday although snow is also forecast to fall at several points through the day.
Keep checking back for the latest forecast.
* Futures up: Dow 23 pts, S&P 2.5 pts, Nasdaq 5.5 pts
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 6 U.S. stock index futures edged up on Thursday, a day after Wall Street saw its biggest reversal in 14 months following signals that the Federal Reserve could start unwinding its balance sheet this year.
* Investors also shied away from making big bets ahead of a potentially tense two-day meeting, starting Thursday, between President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping.
* Wall Street has traded in a narrow range since Monday. That ended on Wednesday when the markets rallied after strong private-sector jobs report.
* But the indexes reversed after the minutes of the Fed's latest meeting showed most policymakers thought the central bank should start trimming its $4.5 trillion balance sheet this year.
* The Dow shed a gain of about 198 points to end near the session low, which was a drop of nearly 50 points.
* The minutes also showed Fed officials "viewed equity prices as quite high relative to standard valuation measures," adding to jitters over lofty valuations as the first-quarter earnings season approaches.
* Earnings of S&P 500 companies are expected to have risen 10.1 percent. The index is trading at about 18 times forward earnings estimates, above its long-term average of 15.
* U.S. stocks have risen on bets of fiscal stimulus, tax cuts and other pro-growth promises that Trump has made. However, recent setbacks in the new administration's efforts to push through its plans have led to some investors to question its ability to make good on its vows.
* On Wednesday, House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said tax reforms would take longer to accomplish that the healthcare overhaul as the House, Senate and the White House were not on the same page over the policy.
* On Thursday, investors will keep an eye on a report that is likely to show jobless claims slipped to 250,000 last week from 258,000 the week before. The data is due at 8:30 a.m. ET (1230 GMT).
* Among the premarket movers was Advanced Micro Devices , which dropped 2.3 percent to $13.85 after Goldman Sachs initiated coverage with a "sell" rating.
* Retailer Costco was up nearly 2 percent at $170.25 after reporting March sales, while Bed Bath & Beyond was up 3.4 percent at $39.07 after reporting quarterly results.
Futures snapshot at 7:01 a.m. ET:
* Dow e-minis were up 23 points, or 0.11 percent, with 30,811 contracts changing hands.
* S&P 500 e-minis were up 2.5 points, or 0.11 percent, with 175,080 contracts traded.
* Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 5.5 points, or 0.1 percent, on volume of 35,299 contracts. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru)
LONDON, March 31 Austria, Germany, France and Spain are the four euro zone sovereigns scheduled to sell debt at auction in the coming week.
* Austria will issue 1.32 billion euros in bonds by reopening 2027 and 2023 issues in an auction on Tuesday.
* Also on Tuesday, Germany will sell 1 billion euros of an inflation-linked bond maturing in 2026.
* Germany returns on Wednesday to sell 4 billion euros of a fixed-rate five-year bond.
* On Thursday, France will sell 7-8 billion euros in an auction of 10-year bonds and a bond maturing in 2031. Spain will also sell debt, with details to be announced later on Friday.
(Compiled by John Geddie; Editing by Dhara Ranasinghe)
End
-- 1. Quality Control DepartmentChief Protective Services Inc. has a Quality Control Department unique to the industry. Once Chief Protective Services is selected for the job, communication doesn't end there, it is just beginning. Our account managers and management team open communication channels to maintain client satisfaction. management team conducts regular check on guards to see if they are complying with post orders and satisfying client expectations. The Chief Team also employees a "secret shopper" program to ensure top quality services. Chief is committed to exceeding expectations.2. Real-time Reporting SoftwareChief Protective Services equips security guards with real-time reporting software, allowing property managers to keep an eye on any safety issues as they happen. With real time reporting software, security officers can notify property management about any issues or incidents related to maintenance or specific vendors. At a property managers request, security officers can also trigger notifications to a maintenance team about issues on the property. With real-time reporting, you will be made aware of any issues on your property as they happen.3. 24-hour Dispatch and Vehicle Patrol ServiceChief Protective Services has a 24-hour dispatch team and Vehicle Patrol Service available to respond to any incidents on your location. Residents can call in to our 24-hour dispatch who can then notify the guard on the property about the issue. Once the security guard is updated about the issue; he can follow up and log his update to keep you informed of any issues.4. Variety of Security ServicesA Chief Protective Services Inc. has nearly two decades of experience assisting some of the largest companies in the world with risk assessment, safety planning, security services and concierge needs. Each of our programs are designed to complement each customers brand, style, and image. Allow our decades of experience, current technology, and team of dedicated professionals the opportunity to provide you with the quality of services you deserve.5. Our Satisfied ClientsFind out why companies like Monster Energy Company call Chief "the best security company we have ever worked with". Or why the Palm Springs Convention Center states "Chief Protective Services is an intricate part of our operation".At Chief Protective Services Inc. we provide locations all over Los Angeles, Orange County, the Inland Empire and Palm Springs area with a variety of security guard services. Chief Protective Services offers armed and unarmed security guards, personal protection, plainclothes officers, internal/undercover investigations, body guards, lobby security officers, concierge services, and event security. Allow Chief Protective Services Inc. to exceed your expectations and deliver the quality of service you expect, call 888-332-4648 or visit our website at http://www.chiefprotectiveservices.com
Did you know that Chris Farley once did a guest appearance on “Roseanne”?
Since today would have been Chris Farley's 53rd birthday, here's a little know video of Chris making a cameo appearance on an episode of “Roseanne”.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MCCARTHY DOES NOT SAY IF OR WHEN THE BILL WILL BE VOTED ON BY THE HOUSE; L...
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
(Adds comments, market reaction) By Silvio Cascione BRASILIA, April 20 Brazil's inflation rate fell below the government's target for the first time since 2010 in mid-April and was set to drop further in coming months, a victory for policymakers that underscored expectations of deep interest rate cuts ahead. Consumer prices as measured by the IPCA-15 index rose 4.41 percent in the 12 months through mid-April, slowing from an increase of 4.73 percent in the twelve months through mid-March, statistics agency IBGE said on Thursday. Brazil's government targets a 4.5 percent inflation rate. Price increases have eased sharply since hitting a 12-year high of almost 11 percent in January 2016 as the country slumped into its worst recession in more than a century. "Given the current rate of price increases, annual inflation looks set to drop to below 4 percent by June, and bottom out at around 3.8 percent in July/August," Capital Economics chief emerging markets economist Neil Shearing wrote in a note. High inflation helped dent the popularity of former president Dilma Rousseff, who was impeached last year. Her successor President Michel Temer, also facing low approval ratings amid a massive corruption scandal, has praised the recent slowdown as a sign that his policies are mending the once-booming Latin American economy. The surprisingly quick decline in inflation rates helped open the door for the central bank to cut interest rates by 3 percentage points since October, to 11.25 percent. Economists expect the aggressive series of cuts to take the benchmark Selic rate to 8.5 percent by the end of the year. The inflation slowdown has also prompted government officials to openly discuss the possibility of lowering the inflation target for 2019 and beyond. Yields on interest rate futures slipped on Thursday as traders added bets on another 100-basis-point cut in the Selic rate at the next central bank policy meeting in May. Prices had been expected to rise 4.49 percent in the year through mid-April, according to a Reuters poll. Consumer prices rose 0.21 percent from mid-March, up from an increase of 0.15 in the previous month. The index was expected to rise 0.27 percent, according to the poll. It was the smallest monthly increase for mid-April since 2006, IBGE said. Below is the result for each price category: mid-April mid-March - Food and beverages 0.31 -0.08 - Housing 0.39 0.64 - Household articles -0.43 -0.30 - Apparel 0.44 -0.02 - Transport -0.44 -0.16 - Health and personal care 0.91 0.48 - Personal expenses 0.23 0.30 - Education 0.14 0.87 - Communication 0.18 -0.31 - IPCA-15 0.21 0.15 (Reporting by Silvio Cascione; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Meredith Mazzilli)
TOKYO, April 13 Japanese stocks slumped to fresh four-month lows on Thursday as the yen spiked against the dollar after U.S. President Donald Trump said the U.S currency was too strong, hitting exporters and financial stocks hard.
The Nikkei 225 share average ended 0.7 percent lower to 18,426.84, the weakest closing level since Dec. 6.
The broader Topix fell 0.8 percent to 1,468.31 and the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 was down 0.8 percent to 13,164.58.
(Reporting by Ayai Tomisawa; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
* Steel policy aimed at boosting annual capacity to 300 mln T
* Reuters reported govt plan on mandatory local steel use in March
* India may soon announce long-term duties on some steel products (Adds cabinet's decision)
By Neha Dasgupta
NEW DELHI, May 3 India's cabinet on Wednesday approved a proposal to make the use of local steel mandatory for government's infrastructure projects, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said, aimed at boosting the sales of local companies.
The ministry's flagship National Steel Policy, which seeks to outline a roadmap to increase the country's annual steel production to 300 million tonnes by 2025, was also passed by the cabinet, Jaitley said.
An official with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters earlier that Prime Minister Narendra Modi's cabinet might clear the proposals.
The policy is broadly seen as a continuation of India's protectionist stance against countries such as China and Russia.
It also comes in the backdrop of a trade probe launched by U.S. President Donald Trump against cheap imports into the United States, in a move that could aggravate trade friction among global producers.
India wants to nearly triple its production capacity by the next decade and acquire technology to produce higher value products including automotive steel.
The government policy will also provide a guiding light for Indian steel companies that are seeking to expand while saddled with huge debts.
In March, Reuters had reported the steel ministry was considering a move making it mandatory to use local steel - pitching it as a WTO-compliant move.
India is also expected to soon announce long-term duties on some steel products imported from China, Japan and Russia, despite complaints from some of the targeted countries.
Between April and March, India's steel imports fell 37 percent year-on-year, data from a government body showed, primarily due to measures announced by the government.
The proposed National Steel Policy, which was floated in October by Niti Aayog, an influential government think-tank that replaced the Planning Commission, recommended measures to also reduce dependence on imported coking coal, lack of which recently crippled production after heavy rains in Australia created shortages. (Additional reporting by Mayank Bhardwaj and C. K. Nayak; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore and David Evans)
MUMBAI, March 28 India's Bharti Airtel said it sold a 10.3 percent stake in its telecom tower unit Bharti Infratel to U.S. private equity firm KKR & Co LP and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board for more than 61.9 billion rupees ($952.75 million).
Bharti Airtel will use the funds primarily to reduce its debt, the company said in Tuesday's statement.
After closing the deal, Bharti's stake in Infratel will stand at 61.7 percent, while KKR and Canada Pension will own 10.3 percent. ($1 = 64.9700 Indian rupees) (Reporting by Sankalp Phartiyal; Editing by Randy Fabi)
April 10 Canada's main stock index futures were little changed on Monday as investors remained cautious amid rising global geopolitical tensions.
U.S. military strikes against Syria last week over its alleged use of chemical weapons are a warning to other nations, including North Korea, that "a response is likely" if they pose a danger, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Sunday.
June futures on the S&P TSX index were down 0.03 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET.
Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp is scheduled to release its annualized housing starts data for March at 8:15 a.m. ET. .
Canada's main stock index dipped on Friday as financial and natural resource shares lost ground, while concerns about escalating geopolitical tensions after U.S. missile strikes in Syria prompted a risk-off sentiment among investors.
Dow Jones Industrial Average e-mini futures were up 0.05 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET, while S&P 500 e-mini futures were up 0.05 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-mini futures were up 0.06 percent.
(Morning News Call newsletter here ; The Day Ahead newsletter here)
TOP STORIES
Shares of Barrick Gold could rise 30 percent in the next year as the gold-mining company, which began restructuring three years ago, develops new projects and increases production, according to the April 10 edition of Barron's.
In Beijing's latest push to attract foreign investment into the country's $9 trillion bond market, China's state-owned clearing house said on Saturday that it will work with Canada's TMX Group to expedite cross-border investments.
ANALYST RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS
Canada Goose Holdings Inc: Wells Fargo starts coverage with "outperform" rating
Hudson's Bay Co: BMO cuts target price to C$31 from C$35
COMMODITIES AT 7:15 a.m. ET
Gold futures: $1249.80; -0.36 percent
US crude: $52.63; +0.75 percent
Brent crude: $55.72; +0.87 percent
LME 3-month copper: $5781.50; -0.9 percent
U.S. ECONOMIC DATA DUE ON MONDAY
10:00 Employment Trends for Mar: Prior 131.4
FOR CANADIAN MARKETS NEWS, CLICK ON CODES:
TSX market report
Canadian dollar and bonds report
Reuters global stocks poll for Canada
Canadian markets directory ($1= C$1.34) (Reporting by Nikhil Kumar in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
With hundreds of careers and opportunities, the filmmaking industry can be a unique experience for a filmmaker. Filmtools decided to take a deeper look into the world of a filmmaker. This week, we had the opportunity to speak to filmmaker Brian Aichlmayr about his work. This is what he said:
What is your name and where are you from?
Brian Aichlmayr: Brian Aichlmayr and I am from Houston, Texas
Primary role on set?
Brian Aichlmayr: 1st Assistant Camera
Person in the industry that is on the top of his or her game in your role.
Brian Aichlmayr: I'm not sure how to answer, I've always like following Evan Luzi, creator of theblackandblue.com but he hasn't updated in awhile. Other than that fellow 1sts on instagram.
If you had to impress someone with your work, what would be the most “well-known” content that you've worked on? – Could be local TV spot or YouTube piece.
Brian Aichlmayr: The most recent large commercial I did was the Adidas: Calling all creators commercial with the 24 athletes around the table talking. DP from Ghost in the Shell shot it, they started the multi city commercial in Houston. Fun job. Lots of camera notes.
Best craft services food?
Brian Aichlmayr: Topo Chico!
What's the coolest project you've worked on before?
Brian Aichlmayr: Oh so many, I love Movi jobs, done quite a few with Adidas here lately. Guess the most interesting was working the super bowl 51 last year for Fox Sports. I was on the field during the celebration after the patriots won.
When you arrive at set, What's the first thing you do?
Brian Aichlmayr: Try to get breakfast and a coffee! Or start unloading and get it soon after.
Whats the first thing you do on set?
Brian Aichlmayr: Either build my Yeager Sr I got from filmtools or unload my cart from the truck.
How did you break into this industry?
Brian Aichlmayr: I went to film school at Houston Community College Northwest and eventually had the opportunity to work as a grip on a very low budget feature. Later that year the same director made another low budget film and I worked again as a grip. One day the AC onset couldn't show up so the DP, Larry McKee asked if I wanted to pull focus that day as it was a light day. I did and he then became my mentor for a few years to come and I worked on expanding my knowledge onset and work on my skills as a AC from then on.
What challenges have you faced?
Brian Aichlmayr: The changes in technology, every year we seem to be getting new cameras, new wireless tech and easier/ better ways to tell our stories. Staying up to date with the constant changes tends to take quite a bit of my off time researching and finding out what commercial will use which new or old piece of gear. Being in Houston, we do not have as large of a film base as people may think and so getting my hands on certain pieces of gear has always been a challenge. So, I tend to be quick to figure out how things work and adapt my workflow to utilize gear as it becomes available.
Do you have a piece of essential gear that you don't leave without?
Brian Aichlmayr: Usually it's my Yeager Sr Camera cart that I bought from Filmtools, but everyday I don't get to use it and so I would say my Arri belt and pouch that I bought from Filmtools.
Current TV obsession?
Brian Aichlmayr: Vikings!
Do you binge-watch new shows or pace them out?
Brian Aichlmayr: Depends on my work schedule, right now I have a few episodes to catch up on Vikings and so I will end up binge watching those.
Camera – Should you own or rent?
Brian Aichlmayr: Rent as the market keeps changing.
Lenses – Should you own or rent?
Brian Aichlmayr: Own as those will be a constant use no matter how the cameras change. Especially if they are vintage. I've noticed quite a few projects utilize these types of lenses.
What is your preferred camera system? Lenses?
Brian Aichlmayr: Alexa Mini with Cooke Panchros
What are you currently working on?
Brian Aichlmayr: Just finished a feature film in Argentina called Palau “the Luis Palau story”
What advice would you give to people interested in this industry?
Brian Aichlmayr: Never give up, push the bounds of knowledge and be humble to your peers as they ultimately will be your support in getting you through job to job.
Where can people follow you on social?
Brian Aichlmayr: Follow me on Instagram @brianaichlmayr to see my camera builds I utilize per project I do or my website at www.brianaichlmayr.com
Tell us your story to be featured as a Filmmaker online. Reach out to Filmtools via Instagram messages or tag us in your photos on Instagram, Twitter, & Facebook
Was This Post Helpful:
Western Digital seeks injunction to block Toshiba chip business transfer
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp said it has sought an injunction that would stop Japan's Toshiba Corp from selling its NAND chip business, deepening a spat between the partners.
April 5 Innocoll Holdings Plc
* Gurnet Point L.P. enters into agreement to acquire Innocoll Holdings Plc
* Gurnet Point will acquire innocoll for $1.75 per share in cash, and up to $4.90 in cash from a contingent value
* Innocoll - Gurnet Point to buy co for $1.75/share in cash, & up to $4.90 in cash from CVR, for a total potential up to about $209 million in aggregate
* Says potential license for Xaracoll in the United States was also investigated, but no suitable partner has been found
* Says noted its board had explored a sale of company, to achieve its goal of bringing Xaracoll to market
* Says "go-it-alone" option was dismissed due to potential for significant shareholder dilution and execution risk
* Innocoll - During offer period, Gurnet Point plans to provide term loan of $10 million to give co additional resources needed for continued development of Xaracoll within post-operative pain market
* Says under terms of acquisition, each CVR represents right to receive a specified amount of cash payments Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
Police say a woman walking outside a crosswalk on Sunday night in the Phoenix area when she was hit by the self-driving car. (@zombieite/Flickr)
Ride-hailing company suspends all road-testing of such vehicles in U.S. and Canada
A self-driving Uber vehicle struck and killed a pedestrian in a suburb in Phoenix, Ariz., in the first fatality involving a fully autonomous test vehicle, prompting the ride-hailing company Monday to suspend all road-testing of such autos in the U.S. and Canada.
Depending on who is found to be at fault, the accident could have far-reaching consequences for the development of self-driving vehicles, which have been billed as potentially safer than human drivers.
READ MORE: Self-driving Ubers could still be many years away, says research head
The Volvo was in self-driving mode with a human operator behind the wheel when a woman walking outside a crosswalk in Tempe on Sunday night was hit, police said. The woman, identified as Elaine Herzberg, 49, died at a hospital.
Uber suspended all of its self-driving vehicle testing in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
The testing has been going on for months as automakers and technology companies compete to be the first with the technology.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account and said the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.
But Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao also has said technology and automobile companies need to allay public fears of self-driving vehicles, citing a poll showing that 78 percent of people fear riding in autonomous vehicles
The number of states considering legislation related to autonomous vehicles gradually has increased each year, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. In 2017 alone, 33 states introduced legislation.
California is among those that require manufacturers to report any incidents to the motor vehicle department during the testing phase. As of early March, the agency received 59 such reports.
Secretary General of the Norwegian Refugee Council, Jan Egeland, addresses a news conference at Sanaa airport at the end of a visit to Yemen May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Khaled Abdullah
Secretary General of the Norwegian Refugee Council, Jan Egeland, pauses during a news conference at Sanaa airport at the end of a visit to Yemen May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Khaled Abdullah
GENEVA Yemen faces a "famine of Biblical proportions", veteran aid expert Jan Egeland warned on Wednesday during a visit to the war-battered nation, expressing fury over the failure of the "men with guns and power" to end the crisis.
Yemen's two years of civil war have pitted the Iran-aligned Houthi rebel group against a Saudi-backed coalition, causing economic collapse and severely restricting the food and fuel imports on which Yemen traditionally depends.
The United Nations conservatively estimates that more than 10,000 people have been killed, according to data from the health facilities that are still functioning. Experts fear the real figure is much higher.
Egeland, who heads the Norwegian Refugee Council and also advises the U.N. on Syrian humanitarian operations, told Reuters by telephone from the Yemeni capital Sanaa that although Yemen's war was smaller than Syria's, it had led to an epic disaster.
"All our efforts through the World Food Programme reached 3.1 million of 7 million people who are on the brink of famine. So it means basically that 4 million people got nothing in April and these people are staring into the naked eye of starvation.
"We will have a famine of Biblical proportions, if it continues like now with only a portion of those in the greatest need getting humanitarian relief," he told Reuters after visiting Sanaa, the port of Aden and the town of Amran.
Egeland, a former head of the U.N. humanitarian office, said the crisis was not getting the international attention it needed because few journalists or diplomats could get into the country.
"MAN-MADE CRISIS"
"I'm coming out of here angry with those men with power and guns, inside Yemen, in regional capitals and international capitals who are not able to fix this man-made crisis," Egeland said. "It's not rocket science."
Half a million children could die at any time, and many are already doing so "quietly and tragically" in their homes, he added.
Egeland urged the United States and Britain to help stop the war. They are allies of Saudi Arabia, leader of the alliance seeking to restore the internationally recognised Aden-based government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi.
In a separate statement, he also appealed to Saudi Arabia, Iran and the United Arab Emirates to stop adding "fuel to this fire". The Sunni Muslim Gulf Arabs see Shi'ite Iran, their arch foe, as bent on regional domination, something Tehran denies.
Egeland said all relevant countries should work towards securing a ceasefire and "meaningful peace talks" as well as the lifting of economic restrictions and sanctions that have exacerbated the humanitarian crisis.
Last month a U.N. pledging conference for Yemen raised promises of $1.1 billion, about half of what is needed for the year. Without an immediate and massive injection of new cash, Egeland said, the aid flow will halt by July.
But the key to ending the humanitarian crisis is reviving the shattered, economy, as it is not possible to maintain a nation of 27 million people with aid injections, he said.
"When people have no income and the prices of food in the market have tripled, hungry people can only afford to look at the food in the market. They cannot afford to buy it," Egeland said, adding that there were no food stocks left in Yemen.
"There are no reserves, there are no warehouses there like in many of the other wars I have visited. Everything goes straight into hungry mouths," he said.
(Reporting by Tom Miles; Editing by Gareth Jones)
EU fetes end of roaming charges but risks linger for travellers
BRUSSELS, June 14 Roaming charges for using mobile phones when travelling within the European Union disappear on Thursday, capping a decade-long battle by Brussels to show increasingly sceptical Europeans it can make their lives better.
Emmanuel Rignaux, a member of the National Front party, pastes a poster on a free billboard for French far right National Front political party leader Marine Le Pen as part of the 2017 French presidential election campaign in Henin-Beaumont, France, April 6, 2017. Picture... REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
Not happy with Tesla? Buy Ford: Musk
When a group of Tesla investors urged the company to add two new independent directors to its boards, Elon Musk didn't take the suggestion so well. The brash CEO suggested on Twitter these investors buy Ford stock instead.
Pay now, care later
Under the Affordable Care Act, widely known as Obamacare, millions more Americans obtained health insurance. However, one unexpected consequence of the 2010 law requires them to spend thousands of dollars before their insurer kicks in a dime. As a result, many U.S. hospitals now require payment before care to avoid footing the bill. tmsnrt.rs/2oCzePS
Who runs elections? The economy
If Trump's election in the United States and Britain's decision to quit the European Union stirred the global economic waters, then there is the potential for a tsunami on the near horizon. This time in France. here
New deal swings spotlight on bitcoin 'creator'
A company built around the research of Craig Wright, who has claimed to have invented the bitcoin cryptocurrency, has been sold to a private equity firm in a deal the company says is the biggest to date involving blockchain technology.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
A 15-year-old girl was fatally injured Saturday night when she was struck by a car in south Santa Maria, according to the Santa Maria Police Department.
The accident occurred just after 9:30 p.m. as the teen and her 13-year-old brother were attempting to cross Miller Street eastbound on Newlove Drive, Sgt. Jesus Valle said.
He said the pedestrians were in an unmarked crosswalk when the girl was struck by a 2000 Infiniti G20 traveling northbound on Miller.
The critically injured girl was taken to Marian Regional Medical Center, where she later died of her injuries, Valle said. The girl's brother was not hurt.
Police have withheld the siblings' names.
Valle identified the car's driver as Kelsi Sullivan, 21, of Santa Maria. No charges have been filed and the collision remains under investigation, he said.
Anyone with further information is urged to contact the Police Department's Traffic Bureau at 805.928.3781.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Nearly 15 years ago I was selected by Dr. Rodrigue Mortel to go to Haiti for a week and play with kindergarten students. I was 18. Ever since, I can remember I have been highly interested in travel and other cultures; as a young child I learned to read on comic books that were essentially National Geographic for children. So when my mother told me of an opportunity to apply to go to Haiti, there was no way I was not going to try. Haiti is the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere. While a few adults questioned my intent, I was over the moon when I was accepted.
I always knew I wanted a life of being immersed in other cultures, and one week in Haiti only completely confirmed this. The differences between every single child I had the pleasure of meeting in Dr. Mortel's school, and many of their (born-unto-advantage) counterparts, was something that could not go unnoticed. This would be an observation, and a life lesson, that did far more good for myself than whatever good I did in seven days of playing with these students.
One of the best things I think any parent can teach their child, is what these five-year-old children in Haiti, without even realizing, demonstrated so strongly for me. These kids truly appreciated everything they had, they did not take anything for granted, and were utterly thrilled with the most simple and simultaneously the most beautiful aspects of life; working together, and sharing, and making connections with others.
I have read that if you have running water and electricity, you are the richest 85 percent of the world. How immensely rich are you, if on top of that, you have the ability to have a comfortable home, go to school and university, have a car, take trips, and have access to health and dental care? How many people are unaware that they have been born, sitting on a pot of gold, and yet sit with such apathy? How many even have the audacity to complain?
Many people who were born with their basic needs easily met, are living in another sort of poverty. They lack appreciation for what they have, they have too much apathy for what they could do with their lives or for others, and lack community and connection. I suppose you could call this kind of poverty, isolation and depression. In that case, many in developing nations could be far more rich in spirit, and this is what I saw in Haiti. Given the chance for education, a key to open positive and proactive doors for the future, will not go without unparalleled enthusiasm.
I sponsored a student named Tamara soon after experiencing Haiti. She would have been in kindergarten when I was graduating from high school. I went to University, finished in four years, and after that I spent five continuous years slowly travelling between four continents. This included more types of experiences in which I saw firsthand poverty, such as a four-year-old, sleeping on cardboard on the street. Seeing these sorts of terrible, gut-wrenching things once again, confirmed to me that once I had experienced firsthand culture shock of poverty in Haiti at 18, that it would stay with me forever. You realize how much improvement is needed in the world, and that you can be of meaningful assistance, to at least part of it. Apathy becomes not an option.
I enjoyed receiving each yearly picture of Tamara as she progressed through school. (I noticed on her report cards that she did quite well, I might add). It is now gratifying and surprisingly weird to realize that Tamara is about to graduate high school and is the same age I was when I first sponsored her.
It is without a doubt, that Tamara will take advantage of her diploma from Dr. Mortel's school, and will be one of the next strong, positive, contributions to Haiti. This was Dr Mortel's goal in creating such a school, and he has the blessing of being able to see his hard work come to fruition, with the success of each graduating class, spreading like branches of a tree in which to give back to Haiti. No act of kindness goes unnoticed.
This commentary originally appeared on High Hopes for Haiti.
Dell has just improved its already brilliant XPS 13 -- it will now be available as a 2-in-1, which means the device has the versatility to be a laptop or a tablet.
I had the chance to play around with the device prior to CES. It has a clever design and wowed me with its sleek design and edge-to-edge screen, but it won't come cheap.
The starting price of the XPS 13 2-in-1 is US$999, and it'll start shipping this month. That's about $200 more than the starting price of the XPS laptop. You are paying more for the versatility of the XPS 13 2-in-1.
On the outside, the XPS 13 2-in-1 looks like the XPS 13 laptop, but Dell has changed the hinge connecting the keyboard base and screen. The screen can be rotated 360 degrees to turn the device into a tablet.
The XPS 13 2-in-1 weighs 1.24 kilograms and is surprisingly thin and light thanks to its intelligent design. With its 13.3-inch edge-to-edge screen, the device fits in a typical frame of an 11.6-inch laptop. There's more screen to work with and less border surrounding the display.
Though intended to be a laptop first, it excels as a tablet, thanks to the brilliant screen and the light weight of the tablet.
The unit I tested had a 3200 x 1800-pixel screen, which is the maximum resolution. The colors were bright and vivid, and videos played smoothly. A 4K option won't be available, unfortunately.
Dell claims the battery life of the XPS 13 2-in-1 ranges from nine to 15 hours, depending on how you use it. The battery life goes up if you're doing basic productivity work and declines to around nine hours if you are watching Netflix movies.
The XPS 13 2-in-1 is a step down in performance compared to the XPS 13 laptop, but the decline is not visible when running basic applications or graphics.
The device has a 7th Generation Intel Core i5-7Y54 or Core i7-7Y75 processor, which aren't as speedy as the mainstream Kaby Lake-based Core i3, i5, and i7 processors offered in the XPS 13 laptop. An Intel integrated GPU can support 4K graphics play-back on external displays.
Dell went with the Y-series Kaby Lake chips so the XPS 13 2-in-1 can provide long battery life, compared to tablets today.
Otherwise, the XPS 13 2-in-1 is loaded with the latest features, comparable to its laptop cousin. It has 802.11ac wireless, Thunderbolt 3, a micro-SD card slot, and two USB Type-C 3.1 ports. The USB Type-C port works with HDMI and DisplayPort connectors.
The XPS 13 2-in-1 has inherited some weaknesses from the laptop. For all its wonderful features, the device hasn't solved a webcam problem. It has an infrared camera and webcam under the screen -- jokingly called "nosecam" because of its angle relative to the user's nose. It's a design compromise because of the edgeless screen, and there's no space, when it's used as a laptop, to put a webcam on top of the screen. In tablet mode, the device can be reoriented to put the webcam on top of the screen, however.
Some users are comfortable with the webcam's location, others are not.
So if you want versatility, go with the XPS 13 2-in-1, but if you're looking to multitask, go for the XPS 13 laptop. Nevertheless, the XPS 13 2-in-1 is a fine hybrid device with a great screen.
CAIRO, March 30 Egypt expects to see inflation fall to an average of 15.2 percent during the 2017-18 financial year beginning in July, deputy finance minister Ahmed Kouchouk said on Thursday.
Egypt's inflation rate has soared since it floated its currency last November, with annual urban consumer price inflation hitting 30.2 percent in February, its highest level in more than three decades. (Reporting by Nadine Awadalla; Writing by Eric Knecht)
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
A young Hong Kong man who arrived in the country with a list of tourist activities to fulfil, including a visit to Hobbiton and bungy jumping, was later arrested for allegedly importing nearly 20kg of meth disguised beneath boxes of hot pink spatulas.
Ho Hin Wan, 24, also known by his English name Gabriel, faces one charge of importing a class A drug. He is standing trial in the High Court at Auckland before a jury and Justice Sally Fitzgerald.
Wan entered a not guilty plea this morning via his Cantonese translator, who will be required to translate all the submissions and evidence as Wan sits in the dock.
It is alleged that Wan imported the drugs between July 9 and July 27 last year.
Advertisement
In her opening address, Crown prosecutor Jessica Blythe said Wan arrived at Auckland Airport last May and told immigration officials he was a tourist.
"He told them his plans," she said.
"He wanted to visit Hobbiton and go bungy jumping ... He had a printout of things he wanted to do.
"Listening to that, you might think that's the type of person you might want to come to New Zealand and spend their money."
The meth was hidden inside boxes of pink spatulas. Photo / Customs The meth was hidden inside boxes of pink spatulas. Photo / Customs
However, instead of visiting the Lord of the Rings attraction Wan started "hunting for an office", Blythe said.
He quickly found one on Kitchener St in Auckland's CBD, she said, then Wan waited for instructions.
"He didn't go to Hobbiton, he didn't get bungy jumping ... so what did he do? He messaged four people."
Four men in Hong Kong were chatting over various social media apps about a "mysterious package" which was to be delivered to Wan, Blythe said.
"All five of them were very concerned about this very important package ... Strange behaviour for a tourist you might think?"
When the package arrived towards the end of the month it was addressed to a New Zealand kitchen supplies company and contained boxes of pink spatulas.
However, Blythe said Customs officers were suspicious and when they opened the boxes found 19.1kg of methamphetamine hidden inside.
"It's worth a lot of money," she said, adding that when sold by the gram, to procure the highest price, the drugs would have been worth more than $12m.
More than 19kg of meth was imported from Hong Kong to Auckland. Photo / Customs More than 19kg of meth was imported from Hong Kong to Auckland. Photo / Customs
The Crown alleges Wan knew what was in the boxes and was tasked with collecting the drugs and distributing it.
"If you had a package worth [at least] $4m you wouldn't just leave it with anybody would you?
"It's not as if you can go to the police and say, 'sorry I've lost my methamphetamine can you help me find it?'"
She said an unnamed company in Hong Kong, which had sent the drugs, had paid for Wan's flights and his living expenses while he was to be in New Zealand.
Blythe also said the men in Hong Kong told Wan not to use his real name when renting the office space and to use rubber gloves when opening the package.
Wan also set up a fake Facebook profile and an email address under an alias when he arrived in New Zealand, she said.
He also had two phones, one used exclusively to communicate with his Hong Kong contacts, she added.
"Either he knew there were controlled drugs in the package or he knew there was a real possibility there were controlled drugs in the package," Blythe said.
She said in the more than 300 pages of messages between the Hong Kong men over a period of two months, not a single mention was made of what was inside the package.
"Sometimes what is not said is more important than what is said," she said.
The package was sent to New Zealand by an unnamed company in Hong Kong. Photo / File The package was sent to New Zealand by an unnamed company in Hong Kong. Photo / File
When Customs raided the rented office they found it nearly empty, except for some pink rubber gloves, Sellotape and a bag.
"The defendant's handlers in Hong Kong are not stupid and the Crown says they would not send someone to unpack and distribute it if they didn't know what they were doing," Blythe said.
When Wan was arrested he said he was told the package contained sports shoes.
Wan's lawyer, Jonathan Krebs, who is assisted by Wan's Hong Kong counsel Kim McCoy, gave a brief opening statement.
He borrowed an earlier analogy from Justice Fitzgerald - that evidence in a trial was like pieces in a jigsaw puzzle.
"What you've just heard from Ms Blythe is a beautiful painting, like the picture on the front of a jigsaw box," he told the jury.
"What she said to you is what she hopes the evidence to be ... She's painted the picture on the front of the jigsaw box.
"It's accepted that someone caused methamphetamine to be imported into New Zealand from Hong Kong," he said, but added the issue was to decide how much his client knew of the package's contents.
"The evidence may be in two halves, to use Sean Fitzpatrick's analogy," Krebs said, asking the jury to assemble the jigsaw but not to rush to conclusions where the pieces didn't fit.
UPDATE 1-Paris picked by South Korea's Naver for new startup incubator
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 12 Eos Imaging SA:
* Reports 34 percent revenue growth for Q1 2017 to 7.13 million euros ($7.6 million)
* Says Anne Renevot, Co's Chief Financial Officer, will leave the company at the end of April Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9429 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
LONDON (Reuters) - Ines Henriques smashed her own world record by more than two minutes to win the inaugural women's 50-kilometre race walk at the World Championships on Sunday.
The 37-year-old crossed the finishing line at The Mall in 4 hours, 5 minutes and 56 seconds, obliterating her previous best of 4:08:26 which she set in January after the IAAF ratified conditions for a women's 50km record.
Henriques dominated the race from the start to win what is her first major global title, and the first race walking title to go to a Portuguese woman.
Draped in the flag of her country, she was embraced after the finishing line by a member of her team and cheered generously by the crowds lined up all the way down from Buckingham Palace.
Athletes from China completed the podium, as Yin Hang finished in 4:08:58, an Asian record, to claim silver while 20-year-old Yang Shuqing finished with a personal best 4:20:49 to get the bronze.
The conditions were near-perfect for the athletes, who were competing at the same time as the men, with bright sunshine, clear skies and a cool breeze.
The IAAF introduced the women's 50km to the programme in July in order to ensure gender equality.
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - GOLDBACH GROUP AG:
* ‍TAKEOVER OFFER FOR GOLDBACH GROUP AG - PUBLICATION OF OFFER PROSPECTUS​
* OFFER PERIOD COMMENCES ON TUESDAY, 19 FEBRUARY AND LASTS UNTIL FRIDAY, 16 MARCH 2018
* ‍BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF GOLDBACH GROUP AG IS RECOMMENDING THAT SHAREHOLDERS ACCEPT​
* TAMEDIA - ‍IS OFFERING CHF 35.50 FOR EACH SHARE OF GOLDBACH GROUP AG, LESS ANY DIVIDEND PAID PRIOR TO SETTLEMENT OF TENDER OFFER​
* ‍BEAT CURTI AND VERAISON SICAV, TWO LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS OF GOLDBACH GROUP, PROMISED TO TENDER THEIR SHARES
* ‍COMPANIES ARE ALSO PLANNING TO EXPAND OUT-OF-HOME ADVERTISING SEGMENT TOGETHER WITH NEO ADVERTISING AG
* ‍TAMEDIA WILL ALSO ACQUIRE A MAJORITY INTEREST IN NEO ADVERTISING AG​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
* Trump says he wants low interest rates
* Dollar "getting too strong"
* China surprises with punchy trade data
By Jamie McGeever
LONDON, April 13 U.S. Treasury yields tumbled on Thursday and were on track for the biggest weekly decline since late 2015 after U.S. President Donald Trump said he would like to see interest rates stay low, while inflows into bonds drained life from stocks.
The dollar slumped after Trump's remark that it was "getting too strong" and would hurt the U.S. economy, but it later clawed back those declines to snap a three-day losing streak, its longest since January.
The fall in 10-year Treasury yields narrowed the premium over shorter-dated yields. This flattening of the yield curve hurt bank stocks, which were among the biggest fallers on European markets.
U.S. futures pointed to a fall of around 0.3 percent at the open on Wall Street as investors digested Trump's apparent reversals on interest rates, Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen and China's currency policy.
"Trump now seems to appreciate the Fed's dovish monetary policy stance given additional hikes will serve to boost the dollar," Rabobank strategists wrote in a note on Thursday.
"Trump is most certainly not the first politician to make many promises on the campaign trail only to be forced into an about-face on these promises once in office. Rhetoric and reality are two very different things,"
The benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury yield slid to a five-month low of 2.22 percent. It is down 15 basis points this week, marking the sharpest weekly drop since October 2015.
Trump's remarks came in an interview with The Wall Street Journal published late on Wednesday. He also said China was not manipulating its currency - doing so would hurt talks with Beijing on dealing with North Korea - and that he would not rule out re-nominating Yellen once her four-year term is up next year.
FINANCIALS HIT
Most financial markets will be closed on Friday for the Good Friday holiday, meaning trading volumes on Thursday have been much lighter than usual.
The pan-European index of leading 300 stocks fell 0.5 percent to 1,496 points, Germany's DAX was down 0.3 percent and Britain's FTSE 100 was down 0.6 percent.
European bank stocks were down more than 1 percent as the flatter yield curve hurt banks' profitability. A 17 percent rise in profit from JP Morgan, the biggest U.S. bank by assets, failed to give a meaningful boost to financials or equities more broadly.
Asia MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rose a third of one percent, while the yen's earlier strength helped push Japan's Nikkei down 0.7 percent.
Surprisingly strong Chinese trade figures and Trump's remarks that the United States will not name China a currency manipulator helped boost Asian stocks.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six trade-weighted peers, rebounded from an earlier 0.6 percent slide.
It was up 0.1 percent against the yen at 109.10 yen, after touching a five-month low of 108.70. The euro was down 0.3 percent at $1.0630, after rising as high as $1.0677.
The euro and euro zone bond yields were also vulnerable to investor unease about the French presidential election and the victory chances of both far-right leader Marine Le Pen, who has pledged to seek to take France out of the euro, and far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon, who has seen his support climb.
"I think the price action in core yields is mainly shaped by the rising geopolitical concerns but also French election nerves increasing safe-haven flows," said ING strategist Martin Van Vliet.
In commodities, oil prices recovered earlier losses. U.S. crude rose 0.2 percent to $53.20 a barrel, and global benchmark Brent was also up 0.2 percent at $55.96.
Gold pared earlier gains but hovered near a five-month high hit earlier in the session. It was flat on the day at $1,286 an ounce.
(Additional reporting by Abhinav Ramnarayan; editing by John Stonestreet)
American Burger Bar is now closed. Owner Brad Ireland says he would like to thank all the customers for their loyalty throughout the years.
He adds they tried to bring their new Taco Libre Restaurant concept to St. Joseph but were unable to reach a purchase agreement with the landlords at the location in St. Joseph and decided to close the American Burger Bar location. Meanwhile, Ireland says he will focus his efforts on their chain of Taco Libre restaurants in the Twin Cities.
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
* India trying to improve methodology for economic data
* India's withdrawal of banknotes from system saw falling sales
* Economic data surprised on the upside in the December quarter (Adds more quotes from adviser)
HONG KONG, March 29 India's chief economic adviser rejected the notion that official data was politically influenced as "utter nonsense", after surprisingly strong growth in the wake of a government ban on high denomination banknotes caused raised eyebrows among independent analysts.
Speaking to an investment forum in Hong Kong on Wednesday, Arvind Subramanian said India was seeking to improve its methodology, and its data should not draw the same scepticism with which some analysts treat China's economic data.
"Let me say this categorically to all the investors and I am not batting on behalf of the government here," he told the annual Credit Suisse Asian Investment Conference in Hong Kong.
Many analysts were surprised that a slowdown in growth during the December quarter was not as bad as they had expected following Prime Minister Narendra Modi's decision in November to outlaw 500 and 1,000 rupee banknotes in a radical move against tax avoidance and corruption in the cash-reliant economy.
The decision sucked 86 percent of cash out of circulation, and everyone from street hawkers to big consumer goods firms suffered a slump in sales.
With data on commercial vehicle output, rail freight, service tax receipts and home appliance sales showing slowing growth or contraction, economic expansion in the quarter to December was forecast by economists at 6.4 percent.
Instead, the official data showed the economy grew 7.0 percent, enough for India to retain the title of the world's fastest growing major economy even though it was slower than the 7.4 percent growth posed for the September quarter.
Getting economic growth up to 8-10 percent is essential for job generation in India, Subramanian said, adding that boosting private sector investment remains a challenge.
He told the investor conference that there was a need for more direct investment in the manufacturing sector.
New Delhi's GDP data has been questioned since a change in methodology in 2015 transformed India into the world's fastest-growing major economy.
The government defended the overhaul, which occurred less than a year after Modi swept to power, citing an improved database covering hundreds of thousands of firms. Data reporting has long been a challenge in an economy where the informal sector accounts for 40 percent of output and employs nine in 10 workers. The IMF expects India to remain one of the fastest growing emerging market economies, forecasting 6.6 percent growth in the fiscal year ending on March 31, and 7.2 percent for the coming fiscal year. (Reporting by Saikat Chatterjee; Writing by Farah Master; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
(Adds details of Syncrude shutdown)
CALGARY, Alberta, April 5 The 350,000-barrel-per-day Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta, which cut production to zero after a fire, is expected to restart operations in the first week of May, according to three sources familiar with the matter.
The plant is expected to run at partial rates in May, the sources added. Output is expected to be about 5 million barrels, which is nearly 50 percent of capacity, they said.
A company spokesman declined to comment.
Syncrude was forced to halt production and bring forward planned maintenance after the fire in mid-March damaged the facility.
The unexpected outage sent crude prices soaring in Canada, with light synthetic crude from the oil sands for May delivery trading at $5.40 per barrel over the West Texas Intermediate benchmark, according to Shorcan Energy brokers.
Before the fire, synthetic crude was trading around 55 cents per barrel above WTI.
ConocoPhillips has also had to cut production at its 140,000-barrel-per day Surmont facility in the Alberta oil sands because the company cannot get hold of the synthetic crude produced by Syncrude, which it mixes with bitumen to create a heavy blend. (Reporting by Catherine Ngai and Nia Williams; Editing by Chris Reese and Peter Cooney)
BERLIN, April 6 The European Central Bank should end its expansionary monetary policy soon, the president of the German banking association (BdB) said on Thursday.
Hans-Walter Peters told a banking conference that a rethink was needed at the ECB as soon as possible, adding that German banks were hoping for a reduction in bond buying by the end of the year and the end of negative interest rates next year.
Meanwhile, BdB CEO Michael Kemmer said he did not expect fees for banking services to disappear when low interest rates end. He also said he did not expect the complete deregulation of the financial sector under U.S. President Donald Trump. (Reporting by Gernot Heller; Writing by Emma Thomasson; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
BERLIN, March 29 The DAX top-30 index looked set to open 0.2 percent higher on Wednesday, according to premarket data from brokerage Lang & Schwarz at 0613 GMT.
The following are some of the factors that may move German stocks.
DAIMLER
Indicated 0.4 pct higher
Deutsche Bank sees Daimler trending towards the higher end of the carmaker's own forecasts, paving the way for potential upgrades later in the year.
The carmaker said efforts to keep lowering carbon dioxide emissions across its fleet stalled last year for the first time since 2007 amid growing sales of larger sport-utility vehicles.
SIEMENS
Indicated 0.2 pct higher
Siemens Medical Solutions USA Inc has been awarded a maximum $4.1 billion firm-fixed-price, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract for radiology systems, accessories and training, the Pentagon said on Tuesday.
VOLKSWAGEN
Indicated 0.1 pct higher
The carmaker's supervisory board gave its backing on Tuesday to Audi's chief executive and other senior managers, after raids by German prosecutors related to the emissions scandal.
Supervisory board meeting at luxury division Audi.
ALSTRIA OFFICE REIT
Indicated 0.1 pct lower
The real estate firm has signed a 10-year lease generating 1.3 million euros in annual revenue.
STADA
Indicated 1.1 pct lower
The drugmaker said fourth-quarter adjusted net income slipped 4 percent, revising lower preliminary unaudited results it posted earlier this month after fully taking into account a smaller acquisition.
SMA SOLAR
Indicated 1.2 pct higher
The company said it agreed to sell unit SMA Railway Technology to Chinese railway technology group Beijing Dinghan Technology 300011.SZ, which will have a positive impact on its first-quarter earnings.
AMADEUS FIRE
Indicated 0.2 pct lower
Annual report due. The group published preliminary figures on March 14 and raised its dividend to 3.66 euros per share.
GRAMMER
Indicated 2.5 pct higher
The group proposed a record dividend of 1.30 euros a share. It had published preliminary figures on Feb. 7 and forecast its operating EBIT margin would rise to around 5 percent.
SCOUT24
Up 2.8 pct in early trading
The company proposed a dividend of 0.30 euros a share for 2016 and said it expected its ordinary operating EBITDA margin to increase by 1 percentage point.
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGS
DAIMLER - 3.25 eur/shr dividend proposed
ANALYSTS' VIEWS
UNIPER - Goldman Sachs cuts to "neutral" from "Buy", remvoes from pan-Europe Buy list
STROEER - Barclays starts with "Overweight", 56 eur price target
OVERSEAS STOCK MARKETS
Dow Jones +0.7 pct, S&P 500 +0.7 pct, Nasdaq +0.6 pct at close.
Nikkei +0.1 pct, Shanghai stocks -0.1 pct.
Time: 6.17 GMT.
GERMAN ECONOMIC DATA
German February import prices +0.7 pct m/m, +7.4 pct y/y.
EUROPEAN FACTORS TO WATCH
DIARIES
REUTERS TOP NEWS (Reporting by Andreas Cremer and Victoria Bryan)
BRIEF-Xinhuanet to pay FY 2016 div
* Says it will distribute one new share for every share as stock dividends for FY 2016, to shareholders of record on June 21
* Canadian dollar at C$1.3333, or 75 U.S. cents * Bond prices higher across the yield curve (Updates prices, adds analyst comment) TORONTO/OTTAWA, March 29 The Canadian dollar strengthened against its U.S. counterpart on Wednesday as the price of oil, one of Canada's major exports, rose for the second day in a row. U.S. crude inventories grew less than expected, while Libyan supply disruptions, and expectations that an output cut led by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries would be extended all helped send oil prices higher. U.S. crude futures settled up $1.14, or 2.4 percent, at $49.51 a barrel. The loonie was able to climb against the greenback even as the U.S. dollar was stronger against a basket of major currencies after a Reuters report that European Central Bank policymakers were wary of making any changes to their policy message in April pressured the euro. "We're seeing oil prices really rally after the better-than-expected inventories report this morning so that's been the main driver of the Canadian dollar," said Scott Smith, chief market strategist at Viewpoint Investment Partners in Calgary. The Canadian dollar settled at C$1.3333 to the greenback, or 75 U.S. cents, stronger than Tuesday's close of C$1.3383, or 74.72 U.S. cents. The currency's strongest level of the session was C$1.3323, while its weakest level was C$1.3401. The day's strength marked a bounce-back from Tuesday when it touched C$1.3415, its weakest in nearly two weeks. The steady bias on Wednesday for the currency came one day after the Bank of Canada stuck to its cautious tone. The nation's economy would tip into recession if interest rates were raised today, said Stephen Poloz, the central bank's governor. Still, economists expect Canada's gross domestic product to show 0.3 percent growth for January, which could set the stage for a stronger performance in the first quarter than initially expected. The January GDP data is due for release on Friday. Canadian government bond prices were higher across the yield curve, with the two-year up 3 Canadian cents to yield 0.725 percent and the 10-year rising 29 Canadian cents to yield 1.593 percent. On Tuesday, the two-year yield hit its lowest in nearly seven weeks at 0.719 percent. (Reporting by Fergal Smith in Toronto and Leah Schnurr in Ottawa; Editing by James Dalgleish)
President Donald Trump said on Thursday that Iran had not lived up to the spirit of the nuclear deal agreed with world powers and suggested he would reveal his decision on whether to certify the agreement soon.
"We must not allow Iran ... to obtain nuclear weapons," Trump said during a meeting with military leaders at the White House.
"The Iranian regime supports terrorism and exports violence, bloodshed and chaos across the Middle East. That is why we must put an end to Iran's continued aggression and nuclear ambitions. They have not lived up to the spirit of their agreement," he said.
Asked about his decision on whether to certify or decertify the landmark nuclear deal, Trump said: "You'll be hearing about Iran very shortly."
Thumbnail Credits : Reuters
April 10 Tivo Corp:
* Tivo Corp - on April 6, ISS issued recommendation to tivo's stockholders that they should vote against transfer restrictions proposal
* Tivo-On April 9, board has fixed outside expiration date of transfer restrictions as end of “3-year period” following effective date of transfer restrictions Source text - bit.ly/2osbXCn Further company coverage:
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
HAMBURG/PARIS, April 5 Turkish flour mills have covered their short-term needs by purchasing several hundred thousand tonnes of wheat from EU and Black Sea countries, replacing Russian supplies blocked by a change to import rules, millers and traders said on Wednesday.
Turkey has effectively halted purchases from Russia of wheat, maize (corn) and sunflower seeds by removing Russian items from a duty-free import scheme from March 15.
The Turkish move meant Russian supplies facing a prohibitive 130 percent duty, though Ankara has denied banning imports from Russia. Moscow has said the tariffs are hindering relations.
Ankara has not said why it removed Russia from the duty-free scheme, but the Turkish economy ministry has said an improvement in political ties with Russia was "not fully reflected yet in economic relations", as Russia is yet to restore visa-free travel with Turkey after a previous row.
Relations between the two countries have been strained in recent years and Russia imposed trade restrictions on Turkish goods after Turkey shot down a Russian warplane in November 2015, but Moscow lifted most restrictions as the two countries restored ties in August last year.
Turkey is the second-largest export market for Russian wheat and the disruption to trade has upset millers who use Russian wheat in their flour which is then exported in large volumes.
SHORTFALL COVERED
Turkish millers have since purchased at least 400,000 tonnes and possibly more than 500,000 tonnes of wheat from a number of countries in the east of the EU and the Black Sea region, with shipments mainly due in April, according to millers and traders.
"I think the Turkish millers have basically covered the shortfall following the disruption to the Russian wheat purchases," one trader said.
Purchases made by Turkish mills since March 15 involve between 200,000 and 300,000 tonnes of wheat from EU Baltic states including Lithuania and Latvia, 50,000 tonnes from Hungary, and approximately 100,000 tonnes to 150,000 tonnes from Ukraine and/or other Black Sea suppliers, traders said.
"The remaining countries on Turkey's list qualifying for duty-free imports are Lithuania, Ukraine, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Bulgaria, Bosnia Herzegovina, France, Hungary and Canada," one trader said. "It is logical that the replacement supplies were purchased from the list."
The purchases are in addition to 130,000 tonnes of EU-origin wheat, which Turkey's state grains board bought on March 9 and was also thought likely to be largely sourced from the Baltic states.
Attention is now turning to how long Turkey will keep Russian imports off the preferred import programme.
The Russian and Turkish economy ministries plan to hold talks on Russian grain supplies to Turkey in early April, Russia's deputy economy minister said last week.
"If Russian wheat import restrictions are continued after August, Turkey's large wheat flour exports will be decreased dramatically," another trader said. (Editing by David Holmes)
BENGHAZI, Libya East Libyan forces said on Wednesday they had carried out air strikes and a ground attack on an air base controlled by rivals from the western city of Misrata, prompting a pledge of retaliation from the government in Tripoli.
Tamanhent air base, near the city of Sabha, is on a frontline between loose armed alliances based in eastern and western Libya that have been vying for power in an on-off conflict since 2014.
The eastern-based Libyan National Army (LNA) has been gaining ground in recent months and had committed to pursuing opponents in the desert region north and east of Sabha after losing and recapturing two key oil ports last month.
"The General Command announced today the launch of military ground operations to liberate Tamanhent base ... with the participation of the air force," said LNA spokesman Ahmed al-Mismari.
The leadership of a U.N.-backed Government of National Accord (GNA) in the capital, Tripoli, condemned the move and said it had ordered its forces to help repel the attack.
"We strongly warn against this continuing and unjustified escalation and tampering with the security and stability of the homeland, which opens the door to a civil war," it said in a statement.
The GNA is largely aligned with Misrata, the most militarily powerful city in western Libya. But it has failed to win endorsement from factions in the east, who are aligned with LNA commander Khalifa Haftar.
Haftar has repeatedly stated his intention to "liberate" Tripoli, though many believe he lacks the means to take the capital.
Mismari said ground clashes at Tamanhent, which were confirmed by a resident, were continuing late on Wednesday. It was not immediately clear what damage or casualties had resulted from the fighting.
Also on Wednesday, a group of 16 LNA troops wounded in earlier fighting were flown to Italy for medical treatment. Italy evacuated a first group last month.
(Reporting by Ayman al-Warfalli and Ahmed Elumami; Writing by Aidan Lewis; Editing by John Stonestreet and Bill Trott)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
As MPs call to ban cartoon characters on sugary food packaging, we look at some other ways our weekly shop could be improved.
Obesity in the UK has become a pretty significant health concern in recent years, with experts warning it's one of the leading preventable causes of death.
The majority of adults in the UK are overweight or obese according to national health surveys, and a recent National Child Measurement Programme found that more than 22,000 children leave primary school ‘severely obese'.
In a bid to combat the nation's growing waistlines, MPs have today called for a blanket ban on brands using cartoon or fictional characters, like Tony the Tiger, to promote unhealthy foods to children.
The Health and Social Care Select Committee said that “brand-generated characters or licensed TV and film characters” should no longer be used to promote foods high in fat, sugar or salt, both on television and in-store.
The government has already introduced a sugar tax on fizzy drinks to combat the obesity problem, but we reckon there are loads more changes supermarkets could implement to make our shopping experiences healthier.
Here are five we'd love to see come into action in the near future…
1. Excessive plastic packaging
Anyone who takes the time to recycle (and if you're not, you really should be) will know how quickly your pile of single-use plastics can add up. From squeezy condiment bottles to pre-packaged vegetables, it's near impossible to live an environmentally-conscious existence if you shop in a chain supermarket.
So why recycle? A recent paper published in the journal Science Advances calculated that of the 8.3bn tonnes of plastic ever produced, some 6.3bn metric tonnes is now waste – and 79% of that is in landfill or the natural environment. You can imagine the devastating effect this is having on local wildlife.
In the future, we'd love to see supermarkets take the initiative to introduce ‘plastic-free' aisles, and look at introducing compostable bio-materials to replace the plastic that's currently used in throwaway items like nappies, drinks bottles, cutlery and cotton buds.
@waitrose so I can buy 2 loose avocados for £2.58 or 2 avocados wrapped in 2 thick layers of plastic for £2? Doesn't really fit with your ‘we're shrinking waste' campaign? #plasticfree @pointlesspack pic.twitter.com/5VAbR7yB75 — Greg Smith (@gregcreates) May 22, 2018
2. Chocolate at the checkouts that's designed to lure us in
You know the scenario. You've loaded up your basket with all the ingredients for a healthy dinner, but while you're idly waiting in the checkout queue, you can't help but throw a Bounty onto the conveyer belt. It's no coincidence grab-and-go chocolate bars are stacked right next to the checkout – they're placed there to tempt you at the very last minute.
Checkout in @asda Morley just now. Note how the sweets/chocolate are at perfect toddler eye/grab level and trolley seat eye level while the healthier snacks of dried fruit/nuts (including Bear yoyos, not pictured) are too high for little ones to spot? Boils my blood. pic.twitter.com/wRadi15kwb — (((Lyssie))) (@dontcallmefred) May 28, 2018
It's a sneaky marketing tactic and one that's contributing to our ever expanding waistlines. As an alternative, we're voting for supermarkets to remove all chocolate and sweets from the checkout, and replace them with easy to eat fruit options instead – like bananas, apples and oranges.
3. Promotions on unhealthy foods
Ever been lured into buying more of a food item than you needed, just to make the most of an irresistible multi-buy deal? Bargain hunting might be good for your wallet, but it's likely not great for your health. According to mySupermarket data, a whopping 53% of supermarket deals are placed on foods high in fat, saturates, sugar or salt.
Ok then🤤 A post shared by V (@eat_the_dam_cake) on Aug 6, 2017 at 6:38pm PDT
It's about time supermarkets removed ‘3 for 2' deals on confectionery and applied them to healthy products like fresh fruit and vegetables instead.
4. Misleading food labelling
Here's a handy health tip: you should always read nutrition labels before choosing what you buy, because front-of-the-box packaging isn't tightly regulated.
A good example is the ‘zero fat' myth. UK food regulations state that producers can claim their food is ‘fat-free' if it contains no more than 0.5g of fat per 100g or 100ml. But if you eat a 100g portion of a ‘fat-free' food that contains 0.5g of fat, every day for a week, you've unwittingly consumed an extra 3.5g of fat without even realising it.
Realistically, most of us don't have the time to weed through our shopping baskets with a fine tooth comb, just to check if our products are secretly loaded with sugar and salts, so we'd love to see government regulations call for more clarity when it comes to displaying the unhealthy contents of our foods.
5. Maze-like layouts
Supermarkets are designed to keep shoppers wandering through their aisles on the hunt for ‘just one item', so they'll be tempted by multi-buy offers while they're walking through the shop. Imagine breezing into a supermarket where you could grab your milk, eggs and bread at the front of the shop and head straight to the checkout, free from sugary temptation elsewhere.
When someone designs this utopia-style system, we'll see you there….
© Press Association 2018
April 3 It took Jordan Spieth nine minutes and 57 seconds to complete the 12th hole in the final round at the 2016 Masters, a short chunk of time that still feels surreal to the man who called the action live for a global television audience.
Frank Nobilo was in the CBS tower adjacent to the 12th tee at Augusta National, describing the action, and the normally erudite Kiwi kept his words to a minimum, aware that the pictures of Spieth's collapse spoke for themselves.
One seemingly inexplicable bad shot, a chunked wedge that barely made it to the water hazard, let alone cleared it, led to a quadruple bogey and ultimately cost Spieth the Masters.
After the Texan had found the Rae's Creek tributary with his tee shot, a nine-iron, a terrible mistake, Nobilo expected Spieth would play his next shot from the drop zone.
Instead, Spieth opted to drop in line with where his ball last crossed the hazard line, which meant he could go back as far as he wanted, in this case 80 yards, his preferred distance.
“I'd walked around the drop zone but never considered someone dropping from where Spieth did,” Nobilo told Reuters.
“From that angle he had only four yards in front (from the front of the green to the hole) and four yards right (to the edge of the green). You're choosing the narrowest part of the green. He was desperate to get away with a bogey.
“He played the ball back in the stance, got a bit steep on it and hit it a fraction fat.”
Nobilo, who finished fourth at the 1996 Masters, recalled it had rained overnight and he suspected that part of the course was a little damp, the moisture exacerbating Spieth's error, leading to the sort of shot that would disgust a 20-handicapper.
Swing instructor Steven Bann concurred.
"That pitch I think is the hardest in golf," Bann, who coaches several tour players and is a director at the Bann-Lynch-McDade instruction school in Australia, told Reuters.
"The fairway is mowed away from the green so it is into the grain and the ground is always soft, being low and near Rae's Creek. Plus there is only 20 feet of green that you don't see all of. Plus you know over the green probably means triple bogey."
Spieth was at a loss to explain it: “I'm not really sure what happened ... I just hit it fat,” he said.
Bann thinks Spieth's previous tee shot into the hazard sent his nervous system into overload.
"Some panic probably set in and his nervous system went into a spin, and the net result was the next chunked pitch shot."
Less than an hour earlier, Spieth strode purposefully to the 10th tee with a five-stroke lead, the back nine seemingly destined to be a victory stroll to a second straight Green Jacket.
“If they could see this, they would cut their rope and go home,” Nick Faldo, on the TV call, said of the other players.
Yet by time Spieth arrived at the 11th tee his lead was only two strokes, and about to disappear completely.
A year later, Spieth will have no choice but to confront his demons at the 12th hole.
"He will have analysed and processed what happened, learn from the experience and be all the better for it next time he is faced with a similar situation," said Bann, before adding "I think."
Nobilo, meanwhile, will be back in the TV tower, wondering what drama will unfold this year at the hole named Golden Bell.
“I remember thinking I can't believe I just saw that,” Nobilo recalled.
“Mental mistake, technical mistake, boom it's lost.” (Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina, editing by Gene Cherry)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - HL Science Co Ltd :
* Says it received patent on Feb. 2, for method for improving osteoarthritis of complex extracts of Eucommia Bark, Granati fructus and Achyranthis Radix having anti-inflammatory effect by inhibition of Cox2, PEG2, protective effect of cartilage by inhibition of MMP-2, 9, and effect of cartilage regeneration by increased synthesis of type II collagen
* Patent number is 2016-0099616
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/qMSLdD
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
March 29 Maxlinear Inc:
* Maxlinear- Exar must pay maxlinear termination fee of $24.8 million & reimburse maxlinear's expenses up to $3 million upon termination of merger agreement
* Maxlinear Inc - boards of directors of Maxlinear, merger sub, and Exar unanimously approved the terms of the merger agreement Source text:(bit.ly/2oxuVUZ) Further company coverage:
SULPHUR, Okla. -- Sulphur High School offensive lineman Jacob Farrell is one of the biggest recruits in Texoma -- and not only because of talent.
Listed at 6'-7" and 285 pounds, he's one of the most sought-after players in the state.
A new rule in college football now lets recruits sign their letter of intent early, which means head coaches are on the recruiting trail trying to secure commitments.
Oklahoma State head coach Mike Gundy dropped by Sulphur High to check in on Farrell, who committed to the Cowboys back in June. Farrell said it's more than just football that led him to Stillwater.
"It was the people and the guys on the team, coaching staff up there," Farrell said. "I really liked them a lot. and I like the city of Stillwater, and I'm really looking forward to being up there."
But OSU's high-powered offense was a big selling point as well.
"That'll be fun," Farrell said. "Something new, instead of power and counter, getting to do some other things, that'll be fun, yeah."
Sulphur head coach Jim Dixon said he's seen a lot of talented football players over the years, and Farrell ranks right up there with the best of them.
"He's one of the top football players overall that we've had," Dixon said. "I've been here 45 years, and I think we've had seven, maybe seven, have gone to major colleges on scholarship."
Now, Jacob Farrell has one message for Cowboys fans: "I'm ready to be up there, and go 'Pokes!"
US stocks were on track to snap a three-day losing streak on Monday as investors turned their attention to the first-quarter earnings season, while geopolitical concerns took a back seat.
The latest earnings season is expected to show whether companies can live up to their lofty valuations, especially after a post-election rally.
Profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.4 per cent in the latest quarter, the first double-digit percentage growth since the third quarter of 2014.
The influence of geopolitical risks, which had dominated market sentiment last week, seemed to be waning. “We got in and out of the long weekend without any major news or controversy on the geopolitical front,” said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in New York.
Better earnings
“The anticipation of better earnings from the first quarter may shift the momentum in the favour of this market at least in the near-term.”
At 12:47pm Eastern Time, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 112.67 points, or 0.55 per cent, at 20,565.92, the S&P 500 was up 12.33 points, or 0.53 per cent, at 2,341.28 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 32.46 points, or 0.56 per cent, at 5,837.61.
All of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher, led by technology, which was up for the first time in 11 days.
Among stocks, Amazon. com was up 1.3 per cent at $896.79 after Credit Suisse raised its price target to $1050 from $900. The online retailer's shares also provided the biggest boost to the S&P and the Nasdaq.
Credit Suisse also raised its price target on Boeing, sending the aircraft maker's shares up 1.4 per cent.
Gainer
Netflix, which was scheduled to report results after the bell on Monday, was up 2.7 per cent at $146.75.
Arconic was the biggest percentage gainer on the S&P after chief executive Klaus Kleinfeld resigned amid pressure from activist hedge fund Elliott Management.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,996 to 881. On the Nasdaq, 1,816 issues rose and 960 fell.
The S&P 500 index showed seven 52-week highs and no lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 22 highs and 38 lows.
– (Reuters)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Corrects source of funding for mini-grids in paragraph 31)
By Thin Lei Win
NYAUNG KONE, Myanmar, March 29 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - F or generations, residents of this farming village in central Myanmar had a set rhythm to their day - waking up with the sunrise and going to sleep after dark. Diesel generators and batteries were for the privileged few, while the candles used by most were a fire hazard for thatch and bamboo houses.
On a recent, balmy evening, however, the remote village of Nyaung Kone in Myanmar's central Dry Zone was still abuzz long after night fell.
Women sifted onions and winnowed peanuts under their stilt homes. There were queues at snack stalls and children recited their lessons. One family watched a Korean soap opera on TV.
"I used to spend about 200 kyats ($0.15) every night on candles for my sons to study, and I was always worried it would cause a fire. Now I don't spend that anymore and can work late into the night," said peanut farmer Than Than Sint, 44.
A power inverter blinked nearby on the floor of her neighbour's home, connected to two solar panels.
Access to electricity from clean sources such as solar and small-scale hydropower is changing the centuries-old way of life in thousands of rural communities like this across Myanmar.
But experts say unsupportive policies and a lack of political will are hampering the development of a commercially viable market in renewable energy.
More than two-thirds of Myanmar's 51 million people lack access to reliable, affordable electricity, mostly in rural areas.
Yet successive governments have focused on large-scale hydropower, gas and coal, which critics say are environmentally destructive and costly.
Than Than Sint, whose husband left to work in Malaysia nine years ago, paid 63,000 kyats for her solar system in instalments over 10 months, under a project led by Pact, an international nonprofit working with businesses to bring electricity to a million people in rural Myanmar by 2020.
The solar power lights up her shrine, living room and the space beneath her house, where she works in the evenings.
Half of Nyaung Kone bought solar systems through Pact's programme, while 16 more families later purchased them outright from the same supplier.
The project's second phase, if Pact can find funding, would develop mini-grids - local power networks that can supply a village, unconnected to the national grid.
POLITICAL NEGLECT
For over half a century, Myanmar's military rulers neglected their citizens, leaving nearly 40,000 villages without access to the ageing grid.
But with blackouts plaguing even areas that are grid-connected in the dry season due to an over-reliance on hydropower people have taken matters into their own hands.
"With no government support whatsoever, there has risen a market for household-scale solutions," said Chris Greacen, a consultant on off-grid electrification who has advised the World Bank and Germany's development agency GIZ in Myanmar.
According to Myanmar's 2014 census, about 178,000 households used private water mills as a primary source of lighting, while 945,000 used solar, and 1 million used diesel generators.
Generators are expensive. Pact says one hour of diesel power in rural Myanmar costs roughly the same as 24 hours of power in Yangon, the commercial capital. But their prevalence shows villagers' willingness to pay to get electricity, experts say.
Renewables are greener and cheaper, quicker to set up and well-positioned for off-grid needs, said Aung Myint, general secretary of the Renewable Energy Association of Myanmar (REAM).
Yet there is little political will to develop a sustainable market in renewables, or even consider their potential as the government favours a centralised system, he said.
Myanmar's Energy Master Plan, drawn up with the Asian Development Bank (ADB), projects a significant increase in coal's share of national electricity output by 2030, to almost 30 percent from less than 2 percent in 2015.
Meanwhile, the $5.8-billion National Electrification Plan (NEP) - which aims to bring power to all of Myanmar by 2030 and overwhelmingly favours grid extension - is starting with a $400 million loan from the World Bank, which said the money is not funding coal or hydropower projects.
Industry watchers call the universal access target ambitious. But Sunil Kumar Khosla, the World Bank's lead energy specialist, said Vietnam, Laos and Thailand were able to increase electricity coverage from 30 percent to nearly 100 percent within two decades.
Myanmar's Department of Rural Development, which is responsible for off-grid electrification, did not respond to requests for comment on government policy.
UNEVEN PLAYING FIELD
Greacen said renewable energy systems, especially micro-hydro and mini-grids, are viable options while people wait to be connected to the main power grid.
In Thailand, a programme for "very small power producers" allows mini-grids to sell electricity to the national grid at standardised rates.
"That programme has enabled over 3,000 megawatts of small-scale renewables to come online - that's the same generating capacity as three large nuclear power plants," said Greacen.
Yet in Myanmar, basic laws governing off-grid and rural electrification have not been passed. REAM's Aung Myint said this regulatory bottleneck makes investors reluctant to step in.
In addition, most of Myanmar's off-grid projects so far have been heavily subsidised by the government or donors.
For example, nearly 500,000 households will benefit from solar home systems and mini-grids under the NEP, with subsidies of up to 90 percent.
"How can you compete with a free or nearly free product?" asked Evan Scandling, Myanmar managing director of Sunlabob Renewable Energy Ltd, which recently built 11 solar mini-grids in remote villages with funding from the Japanese government.
But with thousands of villages unlikely to be connected to the grid for the foreseeable future, "there's a market opportunity and a development opportunity", he added.
The main clients for off-grid solutions in Myanmar are the 4.5 million households spending more than $200 million per year on candles, kerosene, batteries and diesel, according to the International Finance Corporation, the World Bank's private-sector arm which is helping foster a commercial market for solar devices and kits in the country.
Farmer Myint Maung, 58, has heard rumours the main grid might reach his isolated village of Aung Thar in the Dry Zone next year - but hook-ups will cost each household 400,000 kyats.
"I'm not sure how I can afford that. I might as well stick with my solar system," he said. ($1 = 1,365.0000 kyat) (Reporting By Thin Lei Win, editing by Megan Rowling; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, corruption and climate change. Visit www.trust.org)
March 30 Helvetia Holding AG:
* Has successfully placed an inaugural 500 million euros ($536.25 million) subordinated hybrid-bond on EUR capital market through its subsidiary, Helvetia Swiss Insurance Company Ltd.
* Bond bears a fixed coupon of 3.375 pct until its first optional call date in September 2027
* Proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9324 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Black Lives Matter Minnesota issued a travel advisory Thursday for African Americans over the “deadliest police department” in Minnesota. The move, warning people of color against the presence of “militarized” officers in the Twin Cities of St. Paul and Minneapolis, comes ahead of the Super Bowl on Sunday.
“African Americans and people of color [should] exercise caution as safety and well-being risks may be presented by St. Paul Police and/or St. Paul Police K9,” the BLM advisory read. “The St. Paul Police Department is the deadliest department in the state of Minnesota, killing more people annually than any other department in the state.”
The group is not telling folks to stay away from St. Paul or Minneapolis in the advisory, but instead calling for greater “repercussions for officers who use unnecessary force,” Trahern Crews, a spokesman for Black Lives Matter Minnesota, said to local news source Twin Cities-Pioneer Press.
We issued a travel advisory for black people and people of color this Am I regarding the militarized law enforcement occupation of the Twin Cities for #SBLII pic.twitter.com/Fmdo48cUX5 — Black Lives Matter MN (@BLMMinnesota) February 1, 2018
St. Paul was among the list of the 20 cities that ranked for the highest homicide rate of Black men, including the death of Philando Castile, according to Mapping Police Violence.
St. Paul cops have been escaped charges several times, as like in most departments struggling with systemic racism and practices of excessive force across the nation. City officers Mikko Norman and Nathaniel Younce evaded charges in the shooting death of Cordale Handy, a 29-year-old Black man, in March, activists mentioned in their advisory. Officers had a standoff with Handy, who cops said was armed, after responding to a domestic dispute, Twin Cities also reported. Hardy was reportedly under the influence of drugs, an autopsy found. Prosecutors determined that the officer was justified in his use of force, a common occurrence in many cases involving White cops and Black civilians.
There have also been several non-fatal, but serious incidents involving St. Paul cops. BLM cited several cases of excessive police force in its advisory, which has drawn comparisons to the NAACP's advisory against traveling to Missouri after the state's legislature made it harder for Blacks to prove racial discrimination at their places of employment.
The group's warning comes also after national statistics on police killings have raised fears. Police killed 1,147 people across the nation last year, 282 or 25 percent of which were Black, according to Mapping Police Violence.
A “Take a Knee Nation” rally and protest are planned for Sunday afternoon near U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, the site of the Super Bowl, to bring attention to police brutality, Twin Cities reported.
SEE ALSO:
Not Today, Satan: Black Trump Supporter Attacks The Congressional Black Caucus
Photo Of Black Women ‘Worshiping' White Woman Stirs Racial Controversy On Instagram
(WSVN) - An Idaho man credits his pet squirrel with scaring off a burglar in his home.
KIVI-TV reports that Adam Pearl said he knew something was wrong when he walked into his home last week and saw several doors open that would normally be closed. His fears were confirmed when he got to the bedroom and looked at his gun safe.
“I started looking at it and saw the scratches that are around the locking area and at that point I knew somebody was definitely in here messing around,” Pearl said.
Pearl called police, and when officer Ashley Turner arrived, Pearl's pet squirrel Joey startled her.
“During her investigations Joey had run in the bedroom just screwing around like he always does between her legs and kind of startled her,” explained Pearl. “She says ‘Whoa, what was that?' and I said, ‘Ahhh, don't worry about that, that's just Joey, my pet squirrel.'”
When Turner asked if Joey would bite, Pearl replied, “Well, he usually doesn't bite but you never know because he is a squirrel.”
Turner finished up her investigation in the house, and returned hours later with some of Pearl's stolen belongings.
“She said while she was questioning the individual, he had scratches on his hands. So she asked him, ‘Did you get that from the squirrel?' and he says, ‘Yeah, damn thing kept attacking me and wouldn't stop until I left,'” Pearl recalled.
Pearl said his petite pet is a hero.
“Nobody can believe it because who can say they have a squirrel that guards their house, which is crazy,” Pearl said. “You can't ask for much more than that. He is a pain in the butt, but he is great.”
Pearl said he rewarded Joey for his heroics by giving him some Whoppers candy, his favorite treat.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
—
LEADING health and wellbeing organisations and groups have come out in support of a new program to make service provision more responsive to the needs of LGBTI people.
Pride in Health + Wellbeing is a new program to make services within the health, human services and wellbeing sectors more inclusive of LGBTI people. A national membership-based program, it will provide partners with support, training and guidance in LGBTI inclusive service delivery.
The significance of the initiative has already been recognised by a range of leading Australian health organisations that have signed up as foundation members of the program. These include Uniting, Medibank, Flourish Australia, Murrumbidgee Primary Health Network, Reliant Healthcare, Lifeline Australia, ViiV Healthcare and NurseWatch.
Pride in Health + Wellbeing has been developed by ACON as part of its Pride Inclusion Programs.
Dawn Hough, Director of ACON's Pride Inclusion Programs, said working in partnership with service providers in the health, human services and wellbeing sectors in delivering quality LGBTI inclusive programs and services can achieve better health and wellbeing outcomes for LGBTI communities.
“Australian LGBTI communities and individuals are extremely diverse and face a number of shared and distinct health and social inclusion issues,” Hough said.
“We also know that when LGBTI individuals require access to health and wellbeing services, they often hit more roadblocks, refrain from accessing critical services, and as a result, experience poorer health and wellbeing outcomes than their non-LGBTI peers.”
Hough said fear of abuse or discrimination forces many LGBTI people to hide their sexual orientation or gender when they access health and wellbeing services, leading to an increase in anxiety or depression.
“It's a very serious issue and providers across the board really need to be taking action to ensure they provide a sufficient duty of care,” she said.
“Tailored programs delivered by Pride in Health + Wellbeing can assist organisations to meet the overall health outcomes of LGBTI people by addressing the health inequalities of LGBTI communities.”
Any organisation working in the health and wellbeing sector is eligible to join the program, including government departments, hospitals, GPs, aged care, housing, mental health, drug and alcohol, family and domestic violence, and disability services.
ACON President Dr Justin Koonin said the health needs of the LGBTI community have been invisible in health and wellbeing policies and within services, despite growing evidence that they have disproportionate needs.
“Over recent years we have seen this incrementally change with many service providers acknowledging that they can do better in caring for all of their clients,” said Dr Koonin.
“These services are now recognising that LGBTI community members do require unique approaches for the delivery of good healthcare and support.
“Pride in Health + Wellbeing will unite service providers and partner with them to continue to build their expertise and understanding of inclusion. In the future it will be these organisations who will set the gold standard in LGBTI care and truly deliver improved outcomes for all their clients.
“We're grateful for the support of Pride in Health + Wellbeing's foundation members and look forward to other organisations coming on board to address this important issue for Australian health service providers.”
www.prideinclusionprograms.com.au/health
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
RALEIGH, N.C. (WNCN) — Many shipping companies have deadlines set for when a package can be sent so that it reaches its destination by Christmas.
FedEx, UPS and the United States Postal Service have announced the dates of when customers should send mail or packages.
Here is the list for the U.S. Postal Service:
For Dec. 25 arrival
Dec. 14 – Priority Mail Express International
Dec. 14 – Retail Ground
Dec. 19 – First-Class Mail
Dec. 20 – Priority Mail
Dec. 22 – Priority Mail Express
Military Mailing Deadlines
APO/FPO First-Class Mail Letters and Cards – Dec. 11
APO/FPO Priority Mail – Dec. 11
APO/FPO Priority Mail Express™ Military Service – Dec. 16
Click here to view the list of deadlines for FedEx, UPS and some larger stores, such as Amazon, Target and Walmart.
Rob Beckett and Geri Horner are fronting the latest take on the singing show. Yay, come on - join in, says Frances Taylor
Television needs more singing competitions like Ant and Dec need more NTAs.
Advertisement
But here we are again, on BBC1 with All Together Now – a show where 100 judges from the world of music show their appreciation of their favourite contestants by getting up, dancing and singing along with them.
Or, as host Rob Beckett put it, it's the show “where getting everybody joining in could win you £50,000 – because from Cup Finals to concerts, there's nothing better than singing along.”
Yes, people, we've entered the terrifying realm of forced fun.
Having four TV judges saying ‘I really enjoyed that performance' no longer cuts it. You now have to have 100 of them hitting their buttons (if they likey they have to lighty) before physically singing and dancing to indicate their enjoyment.
And if you think that sounds a bit annoying for both viewer and judge… well, it is.
So who are The 100?. Well firstly they're not to be confused with The 100 – the US drama that aired on Channel 4 about a group of people stranded on a post-apocalyptic earth.
Although given the choice, it would arguably be less of a pain having to deal with the fallout from a devastating nuclear apocalypse than have to sit next to the likes of ‘Mr Fabulous', a ‘Medieval Banquet Singer' called Nigel or grumpy git Paulus for six whole weeks on the trot.
Because obviously many of these assembled bunch of singers, performers and vocal coaches are the embodiment of ‘I'm mad, me' – the sort that are brought in by producers to bring ‘buzz', ‘energy' and, worst of all, ‘top banter' to shows like this.
And while some have sold more than 85 million records around the world (Geri Horner), some are famous for doing parody videos called Mans Got Floss by Big Plaq (The Singing Dentist). Well they had to find 100 people somewhere.
Early promotional shots for the show led some people to tweet about the visual similarities to The Muppet Show (they weren't wrong) but The 100 (an overly sinister moniker) also look a bit like battery chickens, cooped up and flapping about in boxed pens.
And much like sad chickens, sometimes they have to be cajoled into getting up. Often the person next to them gives a whoop, turns to them and says “come on, this is great – get up!”
The only problem with All Together Now (OK, not the only problem but a problem) is that it isn't actually a competition to find the best singer. It's actually just a contest for who can pick the best song.
Take poor Alex for example. An unfortunate moustache aside, there was absolutely nothing wrong with the former footballer's performance in this first episode. Heck, it might've even got a few turns on The Voice UK. The problem was that Alex had chosen to perform Elton John's Your Song.
You could see the more kooky members of The 100 shifting bored in their seats (one of them even muttered “oh no” when he started singing). And because he wasn't bad, a handful of people got to their feet with all the enthusiasm of having to give a standing ovation at the theatre just because the person in front has stood up and you can no longer see the stage. He got a paltry score of 11.
And then we had Michael Rice. He was a good singer (he's previously auditioned for The X Factor) but it was almost certainly because he chose to perform Proud Mary by Tina Turner that he achieved the maximum score of 100. Who isn't going to stand up when that song comes on?
Geri, too, seemed like she'd had enough midway through the episode. While they were waiting for the next singer to take to the stage, her next door cellmate Lili Davies, aka ‘Magic Betty' (what a character!), tried to have some idle chit chat. With Geri remaining utterly po-faced throughout the whole exchange it was the sort of thing that makes you desperate for TV Burp to make a return.
Lili: “What did you have for dinner?”
Geri: “Not very much. Hummus.”
Lili: “No Jaffa Cakes?”
Geri: “No.”
And that was it. Now if that's not a TV Highlight of the Week, I don't know what is.
As a bit of Saturday night fluff, All Together Now isn't bad. It's just not that good either. It will no doubt have the same viewers, the same legacy and be just as fondly remembered as BBC1's recent singing competition Pitch Battle.
Hang on, what do you mean you don't remember Pitch Battle?
Advertisement
All Together Now airs Saturdays on BBC1
The futures of Castleford duo Gadwin Springer and James Green appears to be away from the Tigers in 2019 – with both attracting interest from elsewhere.
27-year-old Green only joined Castleford at the beginning of this season on a one-year deal from Leigh, but has found opportunities difficult to come by in Daryl Powell's side.
He has spent large periods of the year on dual-registration with Halifax, but League Express understands that League 1 side Bradford have made an enquiry to take the forward on loan to Odsal for the rest of this year.
With Green out-of-contract with Castleford after this year, he looks likely to move on and resume his career elsewhere – though it is unclear if Bradford's interest in a loan deal is also with a view to a permanent transfer in 2019.
25-year-old prop Springer was a mainstay in Powell's side for large parts of last year's League Leader's Shield success, making 21 appearances for the Castleford in 2017.
He, however, has fallen down the pecking order at the Mend-A-Hose Jungle – and despite having another year left on his contract with Castleford, the Tigers are open to letting him move on next season.
League Express has been told there is no issue between Castleford and Springer, but with other forwards in front of the France international in the squad, the Tigers would be willing to let him leave on good terms – and that has alerted a number of Super League clubs to his availability.
The Tigers still have a number of other players out-of-contract, including centre Jake Webster and forward Adam Milner, who League Express revealed earlier this year was attracting interest from the NRL.
The Tigers, however, still remain hopeful they can convince him to stay with Castleford in 2019.
Dec 10 (Reuters) - HC SemiTek Corp:
* SAYS IT CUTS SHARE ISSUE SIZE TO 187 MILLION YUAN ($28.25 million) FROM 200 MILLION YUAN
* SAYS UNIT PLANS TO SET UP JV IN HONG KONG WITH SEMICONLIGHT CO LTD, MAX APLHA TECHNOLOGY LTD Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2iOiAem; bit.ly/2At8Wc8 Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.6199 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
By Theopolis Waters CHICAGO, May 3 Chicago Mercantile Exchange live cattle contracts on Wednesday posted new highs, and nearby months hit their 3.000-cent daily price limit, sparked by brisk beef demand and stronger-than-anticipated cash prices, traders said. June settled at 130.050 cents and August 123.800 - limit up and fresh highs for both contracts. Thursday's live cattle trading limit will be expanded to 4.500 cents. Cash cattle in the U.S. Plains traded from $145 to $147 per cwt on Wednesday, up from $134 to $136 per cwt last week, analysts and feedlot sources said. A small number of animals at Wednesday morning's Fed Cattle Exchange, on average, brought $140.15 per cwt compared with last week's $131.68 average high. Wednesday afternoon's average wholesale beef price jumped $3.14 per cwt to $232.59. Select cuts climbed $1.61 to $214.89, the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) said. "Packers were crawling all over themselves to pay up for these cattle," said Jim Clarkson, a broker with A&A Trading Inc. Some processors may have been caught short on inventory after selling product in advance to retailers that bought meat for spring grilling, analysts and traders said. Cattle weights declined in recent weeks, they added, which reduced the amount of beef available to grocers. Live cattle futures buying boosted CME feeder cattle to their second straight 13-month top and August up by its 4.500-cent limit. May feeder cattle ended 3.675 cents per pound higher at 153.300 cents while August closed at 160.100 cents. Feeder cattle's limit will be expanded to 6.750 cents on Thursday. HOGS SETTLE HIGHER Fund buying, along with strong cash and wholesale pork prices, drove up CME lean hogs, traders said. May closed 1.000 cent per pound higher at 67.950 cents, and above the 20-day moving average of 66.942 cents. Most actively traded June ended 1.400 cents higher at 75.550 cents and surpassed the 200-day moving average of 74.633 cents. Wednesday afternoon's average cash hog price in Iowa/Minnesota was at $58.92 per cwt, $2.78 higher than on Tuesday, the USDA said. USDA quoted Wednesday afternoon's average wholesale pork price up 42 cents per cwt from Tuesday to $76.31, with higher prices for all categories listed except ham. Processors are compelled to offer farmers more money while charging retailers more for pork as hog supplies decline seasonally, traders said. (Reporting by Theopolis Waters, editing by G Crosse)
“Smokin” Joe Frazier must have, indeed, forgiven archrival Muham­mad Ali for the latter's continued verbal assault on his person, but he certainly, hadn't forgotten.
Advertisements
Thirty-six years after the final chapter of their historic trilogy and up until his death on November 7, 2011, Joe never showed sign of not forgetting the insults and humiliations Ali thrown his way in the course of their historic but bitter and brutal rivalry.
“Smokin” Joe and the “Greatest” fought each other for third and final time in Manila on October 1, 1975 in a showdown called “Thrilla In Manila” and “Superfight III, and since then the former slaughter house hand in his hometown Philadelphia never ceased slugging it out off the ring.
The animosity between the two, who actually were friends before, actually started five years earlier on March 8, 1971 when the two greatest heavyweights of their era fought at the Madison Square Garden in New York where the title-defending Frazier knocked Ali down for the first time in his career on the way to scoring a 15-round unanimous decision victory.
From then, the “Louiseville Lip” continuously humiliated, enraged, isolated Frazier from the rest of the world, referring him as a shuffling and mumbling “Uncle Tom,” an ugly and ignorant errand boy of white America and calling him a “gorilla.”
But while Ali seemed to have mellowed down and owned all the insults he hurled at Frazier's direction by asking for forgiveness, it was the latter who had been on the attacking mood the longest until his demise, which all of the boxing world and the entire international sports community will commemorate next month.
Right after he won via a technical knockout when Frazier's manager-trainer Eddie Futch threw in the towel after the bloody, brutal 14th round, Ali called the challenger's son Marvis into his dressing room and told him that he did not mean everything he said about his father, which were all, he added, in the interest of hyping up all their three fights, including Chapter II on January 28 1974. When informed by the young Marvis, Frazier told his son,” you ain't me, son. Why isn't he apologizing to me.”
One time in Philadelphia, Joe's adopted home and where he operated a boxing gym, and at a time when both had long retired, Frazier, as reported by Sports Illustrated, was approached by a 10-year-old girl accompanied by her mother, who told the former champ, “she (her daughter) wants to know if you ever beat Ali.”
For a long moment, Frazier sat still, his eyes rolled wildly from side to side and after reassembling his scattered faculties, he looked at the two and said,” We locked up three times, he (Ali) officially won two and I won one. But look at him now, I think I won all three.”
In one other occasion, in New York City, Ali, who had been suffering from Parkinson's syndrome (a set of symptoms that include tremors and mask-like face), was screening a documentary celebrating his life, a production entitled Muhammad Ali: The Whole Story, when a man nearby said to him: I saw Joe Frazier in Philly last week.”
To which, Ali retorted: Joe Fraysha? You have seen the gorilla? From Manila?”
During the opening ceremony of the centennial celebration of the Olympic Games in Atlanta in 1996 where Ali lit the Olympic torch, Frazier told everyone in sight that he should have been doing the honor as an Olympian and gold medalist, too, at that.
He was even heard as saying: “They should have thrown him in (cauldron).”
Indeed, since the saga of the Thrilla In Manila, every time the two appeared separately in public and even when Frazier was gone, the memories of that final encounter remain in everyone's minds — Manila, the Philippines, the Filipinos and their world-renowned hospitality that endeared the whole nation to all people on earth.
Thrill in Manila. “The fight of the Year”. “The fight of the Century.” “The Greatest Fight of All Time” cemented for Ali the honor the “The Greatest Heavyweight of the Millennium. “
For Frazier, who dealt Greatest the first of his only four losses in a 61-fight, 20-year career, it was the occasion where he earned his in the list as one of boxing's immortals in the company of hi arch-rival himself, Johnny L. Sullivan and the “Brown Bomber” Joe Louis.
And for the Philippines, it was the time to, once again, showcase to the entire universe its capability to host successfully a sporting event as big and of such magnitude as the Ali-Frazier world heavyweight championship showdown.
It needed a much-maligned President Marcos, the dictator, and his entire government to prove that.
FILE PHOTO: Saudi Arabia's Energy Minister Khalid al-Falih adjusts his glasses during a news conference after a meeting of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) in Vienna, Austria, December 10, 2016. REUTERS/Heinz-Peter Bader/File Photo
ASTANA Saudi Energy Minister Khalid al-Falih said on Friday that it was important to try and agree on an extension of a global oil cuts deal into the second half of the year.
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, along with Russia and other non-OPEC producers, pledged to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) in the first half of 2017.
That deal expires at the end of June. Falih, who was speaking in Astana, said that it was important to agree on an extension with both OPEC and non-OPEC members.
(Reporting by Raushan Nurshayeva; Writing by Kevin O'Flynn; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
SEOUL, April 2 A South Korean cargo vessel is missing after making its last contact in the South Atlantic about 2,500 kilometres (1,500 miles) from shore and 22 crew members are unaccounted for, South Korea's foreign ministry and news reports said on Sunday.
Two Filipino crew members have been rescued floating in a life raft on Saturday, but other lifeboats and rafts found in the area were empty, South Korea's Yonhap news agency reported.
"A search operation is continuing for the 22 people," a South Korean foreign ministry official in Seoul said by telephone, adding eight of the missing are South Korean nationals and 14 are Filipinos.
South Korea has requested Brazil and Uruguay to aid in the search and rescue, the official said asking not to be identified.
The very large ore carrier (VLOC) Stellar Daisy owned and operated by South Korea's Polaris Shipping based in Busan was sailing from Brazil to China carrying iron ore when it sent a distress signal to the ship operator on Friday, Yonhap said.
A message last received on Friday by Polaris from a crew member said the ship was taking in water on the port side and was listing rapidly, Yonhap said. (Reporting by Jack Kim; Editing by Mary Milliken)
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite him from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
March 28 Paul Hartmann AG:
* Taking into account negative currency effects, as well as acquisitions and divestments, FY consolidated sales rose by 2.3 percent to 1,986.5 million euros ($2.16 billion)
* FY EBIT climbed by 4.9 percent to 139.1 million euros, while consolidated earnings after taxes improved by 6.3 percent to 90.1 million euros
* Aims to achieve moderate increase in sales and EBIT once again in 2017
* Will propose dividend increase to 7.00 euros per share Source text - bit.ly/2ncbUq0 Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9210 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's top government spokesman said on Friday that there was no plan to hold another round of economic dialogue with the United States when Vice President Mike Pence visits Tokyo next week.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a news conference that detailed schedules of Pence's stay in Japan are being arranged.
Last October, the two nations held the second round of the economic dialogue led by Japan's Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso and his counterpart Pence.
Pence plans to visit Japan before his attendance at the Winter Olympics in South Korea.
(Adds detail, comments from Staley to staff, Tim Main declined to comment paras 3, 7, 13-16)
By Steve Slater
LONDON, April 10 (IFR) - Britain's financial regulators are investigating Barclays chief executive Jes Staley and the bank over the handling of a whistleblowing incident.
Barclays said on Monday the investigation by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority relates to an attempt last year by Staley to identify the author of letters that were treated by Barclays as a whistleblowing incident.
Barclays said it has formally reprimanded Staley and will "very significantly" cut his bonus. But the bank said he continued to have the "unanimous confidence" of the board and it will support his reappointment at the annual shareholder meeting on May 10.
Staley, the former head of JP Morgan's investment bank, became Barclays chief executive in December 2015.
The investigation relates to anonymous letters sent in June 2016 to members of the board and a senior executive that raised concerns about a senior employee who had been recruited by Barclays earlier that year, the bank said.
Barclays did not name the employee, but a person familiar with the matter said the letters were about Tim Main, who Staley worked with at JP Morgan. Main was hired in June 2016 as chairman of Barclays' financial institutions group, based in New York.
Main declined to comment through a Barclays spokeswoman.
"Amongst other issues, the letters raised concerns of a personal nature about the senior employee, Mr Staley's knowledge of and role in dealing with those issues at a previous employer, and the appropriateness of the recruitment process followed on this occasion by Barclays," Barclays said in its statement.
After being given a copy of the first letter and made aware of the second, Staley asked the bank's group information security (GIS) team attempt to identify the author or authors of the letters.
"Mr Staley considered that the letters were an unfair personal attack on the senior employee," the bank said.
Staley was told it was not appropriate to try to identify the author or authors. But in July 2016 he asked if the issue had been cleared. Following this, he had an "honestly held, but mistaken, belief was that he had clearance to identify the author of one of the letters", the bank said.
GIS asked for assistance from a US law enforcement agency in identifying the author, but it was unsuccessful and no further steps were taken to do so after that.
Staley apologised to staff in an email on Monday.
"One of our colleagues was the subject of an unfair personal attack sent via anonymous letters ... related to personal issues from many years ago, and the intent of the correspondents in airing all of this was, in my view, to maliciously smear this person," Staley said in the memo.
"In my desire to protect our colleague, however, I got too personally involved in this matter. My hope was that if we found out who was sending these letters we could try and get them to stop the harassment of a person who did not deserve that treatment."
He said he should have let compliance handle the matter. "This was a mistake on my part and I apologise for it."
Main was hired from Evercore Partners, where he was senior managing director responsible for coverage of financial services clients. He previously spent more than 20 years at JP Morgan running its equity capital markets and FIG business acting as in-house adviser on the bank's own deals.
He was one of several senior people that Barclays has hired from JP Morgan since Staley's arrival. Seven of the British bank's senior executives previously worked at JP Morgan.
SYSTEMS & CONTROLS
UK regulators are also looking at Barclays' systems and controls and culture relating to whistleblowing, the bank said.
Barclays' board first heard of Staley's attempt to identify the author of the letter in early 2017, after the issue was raised by an employee, Barclays said.
The board instructed law firm Simmons & Simmons to carry out an investigation and also notified the regulators.
The board said Staley made an error in becoming involved with, and not applying appropriate governance around, the matter, and in taking action to attempt to identify the author of the letter, the bank said.
The board will issue a formal written reprimand to Staley and cut his variable compensation by an amount decided when the regulatory investigations conclude. The board will also look into the position of other employees involved in the incident, the bank said.
Barclays shares dipped in early trading, but were up 0.1% by midday.
The issue puts Barclays' culture under more scrutiny after a number of scandals at the bank in recent years.
"I am personally very disappointed and apologetic that this situation has occurred, particularly as we strive to operate to the highest possible ethical standards," Barclays chairman John McFarlane said.
Richard Boath, a senior former Barclays investment banker, last year claimed he was fired from the bank for whistle blowing.
Boath said in court he was dismissed as a "direct response" of what he told the Serious Fraud Office during an investigation into the bank over its fundraising from Gulf investors during the financial crisis. He is suing the bank at a London employment tribunal in a pay dispute and for unfair dismissal due to whistle blowing. (Reporting by Steve Slater)
April 13 Beni Stabili SpA:
* Believing unfounded request for arbitration made by "Comit Pension Fund In Liquidation", will participate in arbitration against company for defense of its rights
* Will present counterclaim for reimbursement by pension fund of the amount paid by Beni Stabili to Agenzia Delle Entrate Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Soldiers stand guard near a crime scene where the body of a man, who witnesses said was tossed from a plane, landed on a hospital roof in Culiacan, in Mexico's northern Sinaloa state April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Jesus Bustamante
Police officers stand guard near a crime scene where the body of a man, who witnesses said was tossed from a plane, landed on a hospital roof in Culiacan, in Mexico's northern Sinaloa state April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Jesus Bustamante
A soldier gets down the stairs at a crime scene where the body of a man, who witnesses said was tossed from a plane, landed on a hospital roof in Culiacan, in Mexico's northern Sinaloa state April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Jesus Bustamante
Soldiers patrol atop a vehicle along a street near a crime scene where the body of a man, who witnesses said was tossed from a plane, landed on a hospital roof in Culiacan, in Mexico's northern Sinaloa state April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Jesus Bustamante
Soldiers stand guard at a crime scene where the body of a man, who witnesses said was tossed from a plane, landed on a hospital roof in Culiacan, in Mexico's northern Sinaloa state April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Jesus Bustamante
A soldier stands guard as forensic technicians work at a crime scene where the body of a man, who witnesses said was tossed from a plane, landed on a hospital roof in Culiacan, in Mexico's northern Sinaloa state April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Jesus Bustamante
MEXICO CITY The body of a man, who witnesses said was tossed from a plane, landed on a hospital roof in Mexico's northern Sinaloa state on Wednesday, according to a public health service official in the region, which is home to notorious drug traffickers.
The body landed on the roof of an IMSS hospital in the town of Eldorado, around 7:30 a.m. local time, said the official, who was not authorized to give his name.
Witnesses standing outside the health centre reported a plane flying low over the hospital and a person thrown out, the health official said.
Later on Wednesday, Sinaloa's Deputy Attorney General Jesus Martin Robles said a body, found on the hospital roof, showed injuries that appeared to be related to a strong impact. He did not confirm that it had been thrown from a plane.
The public health service official said two more bodies were reported to have been found in the town, about 60 kilometres (40 miles) south of Culiacan, the state capital. Local media reported that those two bodies were thrown from the same plane as the body that landed on the hospital.
The official did not know if the man was alive when he was thrown from the plane. Officials from the state prosecutor's office were at the scene, he said.
"This is an agricultural area and planes are regularly used for fumigation," the official said, adding that the IMSS hospital was operating normally.
Local media reported that suspected gang members had picked up the two other corpses.
Sinaloa is the home state of Joaquin "Chapo" Guzman, who ran the Sinaloa drug cartel until his arrest in 2016. He was extradited to the United States earlier this year.
Ever since Chapo's arrest, security in the state has deteriorated, as the Sinaloa cartel struggles to adapt to infighting and fresh threats from rival groups.
(Additional Reporting by Noe Torres; Editing by Frank Jack Daniel and Leslie Adler)
AIRSHOW-CDB in talks with Boeing, Airbus ahead of Le Bourget
PARIS, June 15 CDB Aviation, the aircraft leasing arm of China Development Bank, is in talks to place orders with both Boeing and Airbus and could complete at least one of the deals by as early as next week's Paris Airshow, two people familiar with the matter said.
The report takes issue with several shortcomings, including inadequate security, antiquated equipment and health risks
Holding facilities at the Superior Court buildings are so crowded that some Santa Barbara County Jail detainees are handcuffed to railings in corridors while they wait for court appearances, according to a grand jury report released last week.
The Santa Barbara Superior Criminal Courthouse on Figueroa Street in Santa Barbara has eight holding cells and four isolation cells for detainees considered dangerous to themselves or others. It holds inmates attending court at the Jury Services Building, Figueroa Street Courthouse or Anacapa Street Courthouse.
Last year, the facility exceeded its capacity of 60 people 45 percent of the time, according to the report.
Sheriff Bill Brown and Court Executive Officer Gary Blair have repeatedly said the system is unsafe, since the courthouses don't have private hallways through which inmates can be transported.
They are also escorted, while shackled, across public streets by deputies, directly past the spot where tour buses drop off passengers.
It's one of the main reasons the plan for a new criminal courthouse was given state grant funding, although the project was delayed after the state kept diverting the money into the general fund or to bankroll trial court operations.
The grand jury report recommended that the courts and Sheriff's Department support all efforts to address the security concerns.
It also took issue with the Lompoc Court and Santa Maria Court Services holding facilities.
Detainees can clearly see the parking lots where they get on and off the buses at Lompoc, and Santa Maria's basement facility has no cameras on the cell level, which can hold 110 people at a time. The report recommends that the bus depot be moved or altered to block the visibility, and that cameras be added to Santa Maria's facility.
The report found all law enforcement detention staff to be dedicated and professional, but many of the buildings are old and overcrowded.
The Coroner's Office hasn't been upgraded since it was built by inmate labor in 1988, and the ventilation system works poorly, putting staff at risk for exposure to airborne pathogens, according to the report.
The building, at 66 S. San Antonio Road near the Goleta Cemetery, has antiquated equipment for its four detectives and staff, who handle 1,200 to 1,500 cases per year and conduct about 150 autopsies.
In a separate report, the jury recommended that the Sheriff-Coroner create a strategic plan for the Coroner's Bureau, and make several improvements to the building.
The bureau is urged to hire a full-time forensic technician — instead of part-time help — and implement specific training on infection control and blood-borne pathogens. The building needs a new ventilation system, air conditioning system, eye-wash stations and digital dictation equipment.
The department is also urged to create an isolated area for performing autopsies on high-risk cases, and conduct more landscaping work and rodent removal in the area around the building.
Police station holding cells in the county were all considered clean and well-managed, though the grand jury recommends that the Santa Maria Jail be open 24 hours a day instead of its current limited hours.
People are booked into these facilities all over the county and then transported to the Main Jail in Santa Barbara.
The grand jury found that the busiest Sheriff's Department substation is the Isla Vista Foot Patrol Station, especially the weekend after UCSB's midterms.
“Friday and Saturday nights, the Isla Vista community can be responsible for as much as 50 percent of all sheriff's case numbers reported in the county, and 25 percent of all reported cases in a year,” the report states.
Staff members there are “professional and patient in doing a difficult job,” it noted.
The jail itself is severely overcrowded, hampered by the longer sentences for AB 109 inmates who previously spent time in state prisons. The average stay was 20 days before the public safety realignment was implemented, but many inmates are now serving sentences longer than a year.
With more long-term inmates, the jail needs larger exercise yards, more living space, and different educational programs and dietary requirements, the report found.
The county is setting aside money for a new North County Jail facility and has received state grant funding for construction.
The grand jury had only good things to say about the juvenile detention facilities, both at Los Prietos Boys Camp off Paradise Road and the Susan J. Gionfriddo Juvenile Justice Center in Santa Maria.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
BRUSSELS The European Union's chief Brexit negotiator said on Wednesday that London and the bloc needed to agree on a clear way of calculating how much Britain owed before starting any talks about a future relationship.
"This is not a punishment, nor is it an exit tax of some kind. The Union and the United Kingdom have mutual commitments. They've committed to finance programmes and projects together," Michel Barnier told a news conference, adding this was a matter of settling the accounts
"Our objective in the first phase will be to agree with the United Kingdom on a rigorous methodology to calculate those obligations," he continued.
EU leaders have agreed a two-phase approach to Brexit talks, with commitments on citizens' rights, the budget and borders in phase one before talks about matters such as future trade relations between the bloc and Britain.
"Some have created the illusion that Brexit will have no material impact on our lives or that negotiations can be concluded quickly and painlessly. This is not the case," Barnier said.
(Reporting By Jan Strupczewski and Philip Blenkinsop)
BERLIN, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Horst Seehofer, Chancellor Angela Merkel's Bavarian ally, said he saw no reason to extend negotiations on forming a new German coalition beyond an initial deadline of Sunday night.
“I think we'll get this done in the coming days,” Seehofer told reporters on arrival for negotiations on Friday. “So far, there is no reason to expect we will need longer than Sunday.” (Reporting by Paul Carrel, editing by Thomas Escritt)
DW: Mr. Ewald, can you describe your space food experience?
Reinhold Ewald: I was aboard the MIR station for 19 days. During this time we had a strict metabolic regime. That means all the ingredients of the space food that I was eating had been measured before. I had undergone a couple of pre-launch weeks where I ate pretty much what I would eat in space and we repeated that after the landing, so that in effect, we could separate the effects of microgravity on my body from the normal life I would live on-board the space station.
So you're telling me that you were the experiment.
I was indeed the guinea-pig for this experiment. And I put in a lot of time and diligence so that I'd fulfill the requirements. The results were pretty good – no one could dispute that there was something happening, for example with the sodium levels in my body.
How did space food taste in the 1990s when you were on the MIR space station?
Ewald: Beware when eating rice in space
We were already the lucky ones because we had a mixture of US-provided food and Russian food. I have to say: doing the bachelor's cooking on-board the space station you tend to minimize the amount of effort you have to put into it.
There the Russian food was clearly the favorite. I had a mixture, but I saw that my colleagues liked the potluck approach that the Russians had, with mixing potatoes, meat and vegetables all in one can. When you opened it you had a full meal, rather than having many separate things that you had to prepare separately by either diluting it with hot water or cooking it on an electrical stove.
What was your favorite meal?
My favorite meal is definitely dessert. There were not enough desserts on board to meet my needs, like fruit salad. The Russians also had a nice kind of cottage cheese in a roll-up tube that you had to empty into your mouth. Sometimes you develop unexpected food favorites and then you try to maximize consumptions of those.
Can you tell me about the rice experience?
That's a laugh for all the space veterans when a first-time flier comes up to the station.
You open a can of Russian chicken on rice, for example, and you're not expecting any difficulties there. You start eating it and the first rice corn starts floating away from the can. OK, fine, you grab it with your other hand and try to put it back into the can. But with the hand holding the can you do an involuntary counter-movement, which sends ten or 20 rice corns into space. They're floating away and then you give up and see the laughter of your veteran colleagues who are saying 'Just let it float.'
There's a constant suction of air in the space station. All this debris that comes from uneducated eating gets into the filters of the ventilators and on Saturdays, we have a clean-up day and then it's gone.
Listen to audio 02:36 Share Reinhold Ewald, astronaut and advisor to the ISS Columbus Lab, talks to DW Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/1ALWJ Reinhold Ewald, astronaut and advisor to the ISS Columbus Lab, talks to DW
There's a joke that astronauts and cosmonauts have about eating in space…
It comes from when American astronaut Michael Foale was training in Star City [in Russia]. He took the exam on food and they are very exact about telling you what food you are not allowed to eat: food that has surpassed its best-before date, food that has been damaged, food where there are kinks in the can.
Foale knew all these answers, but he wanted to pull the instructor's leg. His reply was 'You're not allowed to eat the food of the commander!' That brought him the highest points – they were humorous enough to accept his answer.
So for the upcoming Horizons mission, that would mean you can eat anything you want, but don't touch [German astronaut] Alexander Gerst's food?
Absolutely. Stay out of the bonus food containers for Alexander Gerst.
Reinhold Ewald, a German ESA-astronaut, spent three weeks in space aboard the Russian MIR station in 1997.
Contact
H & O Productions LLC
***@sofreakantastik.com H & O Productions LLC
End
-- Psychosis is a new sci-fi thriller web series. Eight strangers are confronted with separate tragic events that nearly destroy their lives at the exact same time. Now they are being offered a chance to change those events through a machine that has the ability to rewrite their past. However, if they alter their past, they may change who they are and face unknown consequences. a 12 episode web-series (25 minutes each) to be shot in New York City.Each character has made a life choice that put them at odds with their family or community. They have to confront bias against sexual orientation, race, gender identification, or social backgrounds. When a providential inventor presents a time altering opportunity, will they choose to take it… and will it come at a price?Psychosis features a talented international cast that includes Tony Nominated actor Constantine Maroulis (Rock of Ages on Broadway, American Idol and Rock of Ages "2012"), Jason Vendryes (Too Close to Home, Blindspot, The Mysteries of Laura), Ylfa Edelstein (The Knick, The Blacklist), Mexican superstar Ricardo Abarca (Silvana Sin Lana, Cumbia Ninja), Daniel Sobieray (Days of Our Lives, Mistresses, The Client List), Cameron Moir (Legends & Lies, Englishman in L.A., Non-Stop) among many others that share our enthusiasm for the project.The webseries will be directed by Hisham Abdel Khalek ("A Footnote in Ballet History?", 3rd Prize in Best Documentary category at FESPACO 2017, Akhenaten the Musical currently in development for Broadway) and is created by Amgad Mostafa.We are currently wrapping up the development stage and are looking for financing on the crowdfunding platform Indiegogo to start filming. You can find more information and presentation videos at
Several people were injured during violent clashes between German football hooligans on Saturday night ahead of Sunday's Rhineland derby between Bundesliga rivals Cologne and Bayer Leverkusen.
Police took the details of just under 200 people, confiscated weapons and combat gloves, and have launched an investigation into breach of the peace and grevious bodily harm.
Around 250 hardcore Bayer Leverkusen "ultras" had attended their team's final training session on Saturday afternoon where they had encouraged the players with banners and pyrotechnics - the smoke from which temporarily affected traffic on the A1 motorway which runs parallel to Bayer Leverkusen's training pitches.
Clashes
Following the training session, the Leverkusen ultras attended the Bayer Giants' basketball game before retiring to their local "Stadioneck" pub, when cars carrying rival Cologne hooligans appeared at approximately 21:30 CET.
According to Cologne police, they were immediately attacked by the Leverkusen fans who had donned balaclavas and armed themselves with bats and car registration plates.
Simultaneously, police report a second group of around 150 Cologne hooligans wearing white tshirts and supported by allied hooligans from Dortmund attacked the Leverkusen fans.
A video posted on Instagram shows the mob of Cologne hooligans pursuing the Leverkusen fans through the city center, where the fans then dispersed.
At approximately 22:00 CET, police took the details of around 80 Cologne hooligans at Leverkusen train station, who were about to board a train back to Cologne. Simultaneously, police took the details of around 100 Leverkusen fans at the "Stadioneck" pub.
"The injured also dispersed and didn't identify themselves," concluded the statement from Cologne police.
Bayer Leverkusen fans set off flares and smoke bombs in the away end
Cologne win derby
The match at the RheinEnergieStadion finished 2-0 to Cologne as goals from Yuya Osako and Simon Zoller secured all three points for the Billy Goats.
The result saw Cologne leapfrog Hamburg and move off the bottom of the table for the first time since Matchday 3. They are now only five points behind Mainz with seven games to play - but still require a miracle to stay up.
Ahead of kick-off, Bayer Leverkusen supporters set off flares and smoke bombs in the away end but no other incidents were reported.
Fans clash with police in Hamburg
On Saturday, fans of struggling Hamburg also clashed with police following their team's 2-1 defeat to Hertha Berlin. Following Cologne's win, HSV are bottom of the table and facing almost certain relegation from the Bundesliga for the first time in the club's history.
Scuffles broke out among the supporters themselves after the final whistle before some fans also attacked police.
mf/jh (dpa/sid)
Thanks to an offseason filled with moves, the return of the league's top-ranked offense and Jared Goff's continued development, the Los Angeles Rams are universally viewed as one of the best teams in all football. Vegas has given them some of the best odds to win Super Bowl LIII in February, having a great chance to represent the NFC in Atlanta.
In order for the Rams to win it all, however, they first have to make it to the playoffs. In an unpredictable NFC West with a resurgent 49ers team, perennial powerhouse Seattle and a rebuilding Cardinals squad, nothing is given.
Not to mention, the Rams have one of the toughest schedules in the NFL, facing the likes of Green Bay, Philadelphia and Minnesota. That could be why ESPN gave the Rams a 58 percent chance to make the postseason, predicting them to win 9.2 games. Their playoff odds are the sixth-highest in the league.
The numbers come from ESPN's Football Power Index, which ranks teams analytically based on projections. The Rams came in at No. 4 in those rankings, trailing only the Patriots, Eagles and Steelers, who make up the top three.
You could argue that ESPN isn't giving the Rams enough credit when it comes to their playoff odds. The 49ers are the biggest threat in the NFC West and they're far from a lock to win more than eight games. The Seahawks are facing major question marks on defense, while the Cardinals have plenty of uncertainty at quarterback with Sam Bradford.
On the other hand, the NFC is loaded like the Western Conference in the NBA, while the AFC is looking more like the top-heavy East. Either way, the Rams have a good shot to hoist the Lombardi Trophy in February, especially if they get into the playoffs as NFC West champions.
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Bonsai Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included The Bonsai Company, Bonsai Design, Loder Bonsai BV, Bonsai Network Japan, Bonsai outlet, Bonsai New Zealand, Fern Valley Bonsai.
The Bonsai Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Bonsai industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bonsai-market/10140/#requestforsample
The Bonsai Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Bonsai Market Products Type Segmentation : Stumps Bonsai, Landscape Bonsai, Others.
Bonsai Market Applications Segmentation : Wholesale Bonsai, Custom Made Bonsai.
Key Highlights of the Bonsai Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bonsai-market/10140/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Bonsai market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
April 6 John Glenn, the first American to orbit the earth who later became the world's oldest astronaut and a longtime U.S. senator, was laid to rest on Thursday at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia.
Glenn, who author Tom Wolfe once called "the last true national hero America has ever had," died four months ago in his home state of Ohio at the age of 95.
After a private service at a chapel on the cemetery grounds, a horse-drawn carriage pulled Glenn's flag-draped casket to his burial site. There was a short graveside ceremony broadcast online by NASA Television. Then, Gen. Robert Neller, Commandant of the Marine Corps, handed the flag that had draped the casket to Glenn's 97-year-old widow, Annie Glenn. She kissed him.
Glenn was a Marine Corps test pilot when he was chosen to be one of the seven original U.S. astronauts. He was the third American in space, the first to orbit the earth.
His three laps around the world on Feb. 20, 1962, in a space capsule called Friendship 7, forged a powerful link between the former fighter pilot and the Kennedy-era quest to explore outer space as a "New Frontier." After his mission, he received a hero's welcome including a tickertape parade near Wall Street, in New York City's "Canyon of Heroes."
Wolfe chronicled the experiences of the original seven U.S. astronauts in his book, "The Right Stuff," which later became a popular movie.
Glenn's widespread popularity helped him get elected as a Democratic candidate to the U.S. Senator from his home state of Ohio, which he represented from 1974 to 1999.
Just before the end of his Senate career, in October 1998, the 77-year-old Glenn became the oldest astronaut, serving as a mission specialist on the seven-member crew of the space shuttle Discovery.
The NASA launch announcer at the time said, "Liftoff of Discovery with six astronaut heroes and one American legend." (Reporting by Bernie Woodall in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.)
MADRID Spain's economy could grow at a rate above 2.5 percent every year for the next two to four years, Economy Minister Luis de Guindos said on Tuesday.
The government is expected to update its economic growth forecasts on Friday when it presents its 2017 budget proposal, though it will leave the current expectations of 2.5 percent growth for this year unchanged, de Guindos said.
"The growth forecast included in the budget proposal on Friday is 2.5 percent, a very conservative outlook ... We expect it to be much higher," de Guindos said.
Spain's gross domestic product expanded by 3 percent year-on-year in the fourth quarter and is expected to have grown by at least 0.7 percent in the first quarter from a quarter earlier.
The 2017 budget proposal - delayed after two inconclusive elections left talks in limbo last year - will test parliamentary support for the minority conservative government of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy's People's Party.
The PP, which has 137 of parliament's 350 seats, is in talks with other parties including centrists Ciudadanos and Nueva Canarias of the Canary Islands to get the 176 votes it needs to pass the budget into law.
The economy minister also said on Tuesday he expected Spain's unemployment rate to be below 17 percent by the end of this year after reporting 18.6 percent at the end of 2016.
The government had expected an average unemployment rate of 17.6 percent for all of 2017. On Friday, the government will update both end-of-year and average unemployment rate forecasts, a source at the economy ministry said.
(Reporting by Jose Elias Rodriguez; Writing by Paul Day; Editing by Sonya Dowsett and Gareth Jones)
BEDMINSTER, N.J. (Reuters) - For President Donald Trump, this was the week when the real world began to intrude upon his presidency.
The violent clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia, between white nationalists and counter-protesters confronted Trump with perhaps the first true domestic crisis of his young administration. And to some, even within his own Republican Party, he came up short.
It followed days of blustery threats towards North Korea that rattled some Americans and unnerved allies. Both are the kinds of white-knuckle challenges that define presidents - and which Trump largely has avoided during the first months of his tenure.
As images of rising tensions and a deadly car rampage in Charlottesville filled TV screens nationwide, the president was criticized first for waiting too long to address the violence and then, when he did so, failing to explicitly condemn the white-supremacist marchers who ignited the melee.
Marco Rubio, a Republican senator who was Trump's rival for the presidential nomination, quickly suggested Trump's initial response was inadequate.
On Twitter, Rubio wrote that it was, "Very important for the nation to hear [Trump] describe events in Charlottesville for what they are: a terror attack by #whitesupremacists.”
While Trump has had to deal with the pressures of the federal probe into Russian meddling in last year's election, disarray in his White House, and conflicts with Congress over his stalled agenda, there are have been few external crises that have tested his presidential mettle.
By contrast, his predecessor, Barack Obama, inherited a severe economic downturn during his first year in office, and would go on to face, among other tests, a catastrophic oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, Middle East upheaval, terror attacks in Boston, Orlando, and elsewhere, and civil unrest in Ferguson, Missouri and Baltimore, Maryland.
Trump has spent this week at his tony golf club in New Jersey, attempting to show the American public that he is indeed working and not vacationing. He held one event after the other, while answering media questions with an approachability he hasn't shown for months.
Yet, when news of the situation in Charlottesville first started filtering out on Friday, Trump was silent. He first addressed the matter — through a tweet — on Saturday afternoon, after a planned white-supremacist rally had been dispersed, fights had broken out, and a state of emergency declared.
By the time Trump finally appeared before reporters at a staged bill-signing event at his club, footage of a car speeding up and slamming into a crowd of protesters had swamped social media and cable networks, raising the spectre of domestic terrorism. At least one woman in the car's path died and several people suffered critical injuries.
At a podium, Trump read a statement rebuking the violence, but without specifically mentioning or faulting the role of white nationalists.
“We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides - on many sides,” Trump said.
He also took the occasion to boast about declining unemployment and new corporate investment in the United States. Afterwards, he ignored shouted questions from reporters as to whether he would denounce white supremacism and whether the car incident constituted terrorism.
REPUBLICAN SENATORS QUESTION RESPONSE
Beyond Rubio, Trump's response apparently also was not enough for Senator Cory Gardner, who chairs the Republican Party's Senate-election effort. “Mr. President, we must call evil by its name,” he tweeted. “These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism.”
Republican Orrin Hatch, who has served as a senator for 40 years, referenced his brother, who was killed in World War II.
"We should call evil by its name. My brother didn't give his life fighting Hitler for Nazi ideas to go unchallenged here at home," he said on Twitter.
Democratic Senator Brian Schatz said that Trump had not demonstrated moral leadership. “There are NOT many sides to this,” he wrote.
Trump tweeted several more times after the press event, offering support to the city of Charlottesville and the police but still declining to critique the violence in more explicit terms.
Both as a candidate and as president, Trump has met with charges that he has courted the support of white supremacists and nationalists, the so-called “alt-right,” as a key part of his passionate voter base.
He was forced at one point last year to publicly denounce the Ku Klux Klan and one of its leaders, David Duke. After Trump was elected, he installed Steve Bannon, a trusted figure in nationalist circles and former chairman of the hard-right outlet Breitbart News, as a top adviser in the White House.
April 13 Celgene Corp:
* Diplomat Pharmacy Inc - on March 31,co, units, Celgene Corp entered into a pharmacy distribution and services agreement to be effective July 1, 2017
* Diplomat pharmacy - on effective date, agreement will replace co's current agreement with Celgene, as amended, which is set to expire on June 30, 2017
* Diplomat pharmacy - agreement sets forth terms and conditions on which company will purchase specialty drugs from Celgene and provide certain services
* Diplomat Pharmacy - under terms services to be provided in connection with dispensing prescriptions for specialty drugs after expiration of current deal Source text (bit.ly/2pwUZQO) Further company coverage:
City of Detroit Building Safety, Engineering and Environmental Department has organized a task force to hunt landlords by using non paying tenants as bait. Pre Closing Inspection is a State Licensed Lead Hazard and Risk Assessment company working with landlords and property management companies to help you survive the City's latest scheme to squeeze your pockets. Call us today to schedule.
Detroit officials announced recently that they're cracking down on landlords who fail to register their rental property. Not only will you be fined you may face criminal charges as well. Pre Closing Inspection wants to help you by coordinating your lead hazard inspection and risk assessment. Both the inspection and risk assessment are required as part of the rental registration and Pre Closing Inspection Services is working with real estate investors and property management companies in an effort to help them avoid the trappings of the City's witch hunt for landlords.
Our reports include detailed pictures and video of any and all hazards and or potential hazards and what to do to cure the issue so that you can successfully obtain your compliance certificate for rental registration from the City of Detroit. In a recent article city officials stated that they're concentrating on five zip codes. However, don't wait for the task for to come knocking on your door. David Bell, the director for the BSEED stated that they're using non paying tenants to find landlords that have not yet registered their rental property and that by August 1st of 2018 tenants will have the power to not pay their rent directly to the landlord as they should. Instead, tenants will have the power to withhold their rent and pay it into the city's escrow account. The question stands, what's to stop tenants from playing games with your payments? It's not about who's fault or who's to blame. It boils down to who's responsibility is it to make sure you get your rent on time?
The answer to that question is “You”. Contact Pre Closing Inspection at (313) 920-3276 and schedule your lead based paint inspection and risk assessment today. Together we can keep the City of Detroit's task force off your back and ensure that the efforts you're making to take responsibility for collecting your rent payments are productive.
http://www.preclosinginspection.com
Jacinda Ardern is a woman of many talents, not least of which it seems, is her pretty impressive Helen Clark impression.
The Auckland MP sat down with Anika Moa on her show All Talk for an interview about everything from Ardern's marital status, plans to have children, her exit from the Mormon religion and which character from Friends she is.
They even reminisced over the debate they took part in with Nikki Kaye last January, during which Moa threw a dildo at Ardern, prompting a hilarious chat about Steven Joyce's now world famous dildo incident.
But Ardern's real moment to shine was when Moa asked her to show off her apparently much-rumoured Helen Clarke impersonation.
Advertisement
Moa wrote her a little snipped to say and consequently could not stop laughing. You can watch below - the impersonation kicks in at around the 4:30 mark.
Aug 13 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Turkish championship matches on Sunday Sunday, August 13 Besiktas 2 Antalyaspor 0 Yeni Malatyaspor 3 Osmanlispor 1 Trabzonspor 2 Konyaspor 1 Saturday, August 12 Akhisar Belediyespor 1 Sivasspor 0 Alanyaspor 1 Kasimpasa 3 Genclerbirligi 1 Karabukspor 1 Goztepe 2 Fenerbahce 2 Friday, August 11 Istanbul Basaksehir 1 Bursaspor 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Yeni Malatyaspor 1 1 0 0 3 1 3 1 Kasimpasa 1 1 0 0 3 1 3 ------------------------- 3 Besiktas 1 1 0 0 2 0 3 4 Trabzonspor 1 1 0 0 2 1 3 ------------------------- 5 Akhisar Belediyespor 1 1 0 0 1 0 3 5 Istanbul Basaksehir 1 1 0 0 1 0 3 ------------------------- 7 Fenerbahce 1 0 1 0 2 2 1 7 Goeztepe 1 0 1 0 2 2 1 9 Genclerbirligi 1 0 1 0 1 1 1 9 Karabuekspor 1 0 1 0 1 1 1 Galatasaray 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Kayserispor 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 13 Konyaspor 1 0 0 1 1 2 0 14 Bursaspor 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 14 Sivasspor 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 ------------------------- 16 Alanyaspor 1 0 0 1 1 3 0 16 Osmanlispor 1 0 0 1 1 3 0 18 Antalyaspor 1 0 0 1 0 2 0 1-2: Champions League / EC I 3-4: Europa League preliminary round 5-6: Europa League depending on domestic cup 16-18: Relegation Next Fixtures (GMT): Monday, August 14 Galatasaray v Kayserispor (1845)
People gesture at U.S military vehicles driving in the town of Darbasiya next to the Turkish border, Syria April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Rodi Said
People gesture at a U.S military vehicle driving in the town of Darbasiya next to the Turkish border, Syria April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Rodi Said
Kurdish fighters from the People's Protection Units (YPG) head a convoy of U.S military vehicles in the town of Darbasiya next to the Turkish border, Syria April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Rodi Said
A man gestures at U.S military vehicles driving in the town of Darbasiya next to the Turkish border, Syria April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Rodi Said
A member of U.S forces rides on a military vehicle in the town of Darbasiya next to the Turkish border, Syria April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Rodi Said
Kurdish fighters from the People's Protection Units (YPG) head a convoy of U.S military vehicles in the town of Darbasiya next to the Turkish border, Syria April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Rodi Said
U.S forces on their military vehicle drive in the town of Darbasiya next to the Turkish border, Syria April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Rodi Said
Kurdish fighters from the People's Protection Units (YPG) stand near a U.S military vehicle in the town of Darbasiya next to the Turkish border, Syria April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Rodi Said
U.S military vehicles drive in the town of Darbasiya next to the Turkish border, Syria April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Rodi Said
Kurdish fighters from the People's Protection Units (YPG) stand near a U.S military vehicle in the town of Darbasiya next to the Turkish border, Syria April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Rodi Said
A Kurdish fighter from the People's Protection Units (YPG) gestures at a convoy of U.S military vehicles driving in the town of Darbasiya next to the Turkish border, Syria April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Rodi Said
U.S military vehicles and Kurdish fighters from the People's Protection Units (YPG) drive in the town of Darbasiya next to the Turkish border, Syria April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Rodi Said
DARBASIYA, Syria A commander of the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia said on Friday U.S. forces would begin monitoring the situation along the Syria-Turkey frontier after cross-border fire between the Turkish military and YPG this week.
The monitoring had not yet begun, but the forces would report to senior U.S. commanders, Sharvan Kobani told Reuters after meeting U.S. military officials in the town of Darbasiya next to the Turkish border.
The officials had toured Darbasiya which was hit by Turkish artillery fire earlier in the week.
Turkish warplanes carried out air strikes against Kurdish militants in northeastern Syria and Iraq's Sinjar region on Tuesday in an unprecedented bombardment of groups linked to the PKK, which is fighting an insurgency against Ankara in Turkey's southeast.
Those attacks killed nearly 30 YPG fighters and officials, a monitoring group reported.
Since Tuesday the YPG and Turkish forces have traded artillery fire along the Syria-Turkey border.
Turkey's bombardment of YPG positions complicates the U.S.-backed fight against Islamic State in Syria, where the YPG has been a crucial partner on the ground for Washington.
The YPG is a key component of the Syria Democratic Forces (SDF), a U.S.-backed alliance of Arab and Kurdish fighting groups involved in a campaign to drive Islamic State out of its Syria stronghold, Raqqa.
U.S. NATO ally Turkey views the YPG and other PKK-affiliated groups as terrorists.
Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis said on Friday U.S. troops were deployed along the border.
"We continue to urge all the parties involved to focus on the common enemy which is ISIS (Islamic State)," he told reporters.
Hundreds of U.S. troops are deployed on the ground in Syria to support the Raqqa offensive.
(Reporting by Rodi Said; additional reporting by Idrees Ali in Washington; Writing by John Davison; Editing by Ralph Boulton)
Canadian e-commerce company Shopify Inc logo is shown on a computer screen in the illustration photo in Encinitas, California May 3, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
Canadian software maker Shopify Inc (SHOP.TO) (SHOP.N) raised its full-year revenue forecast as more merchants used its e-commerce platform to set up and manage their online stores.
The company, which reported a 75 percent jump in quarterly revenue, raised its full-year revenue forecast to $615 million to $630 million, from its earlier forecast of $580 million to $600 million.
Merchants use Shopify's software platform to design, set up and manage their stores across sales channels including the web, mobile devices, social media and brick-and-mortar outlets.
Revenue from Shopify's merchant solution business nearly doubled to $65.3 million in the first quarter ended March 31.
Shopify gets a bulk of its merchant solutions revenue from fees it charges merchants when their customer orders are processed through Shopify's payment system.
Revenue from its subscription business, which makes money from the fees Shopify's clients pay to use its platform, rose about 60 percent to $62.1 million.
Net loss widened to $13.6 million, or 15 cents per share in the first quarter ended March 31, from $8.9 million, or 11 cents per share, a year earlier.
Excluding items, the company posted a loss of 4 cents per share, smaller than average analysts' estimate of 10 cents per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Revenue rose to $127.4 million from $72.7 million.
(Reporting by John Benny in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar and Supriya Kurane)
NEW YORK, April 28 A federal appeals court on Friday admonished New York's wealthy Westchester County to stop its "total obstructionism" in implementing an agreement designed to boost affordable housing.
The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals issued its warning after finding that Westchester, one of the nation's richest suburbs, twice breached a 2009 consent decree requiring it to build 750 affordable housing units in 31 mostly white communities.
A spokesman for Westchester County Executive Rob Astorino did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Westchester agreed with the federal government to enter the decree in connection with the settlement of a lawsuit by the nonprofit Anti-Discrimination Center of Metro New York, and has since taken many steps toward implementation.
But U.S. District Judge Denise Cote last year found Westchester in breach by failing to build 28 units at Chappaqua Station in the town of New Castle.
She also found the county in breach for failing to complete an analysis acceptable to the Department of Housing and Urban Development of race-based and other impediments to fair housing.
In Friday's order, a three-judge appeals court panel agreed that the failure to build the 28 units reflected Westchester's "inconsistent, slow, and half-hearted" support for the project, and refusal to use the required "all available means as appropriate" to counteract local opposition.
It also said HUD had "good reason" to reject Westchester's analysis of fair housing impediments, including its lack of adequate strategies to address "problematic" zoning practices.
But the court saved its strongest criticism for the end, after noting that its order covered Westchester's sixth and seventh appeals over its compliance with the decree.
"All of these appeals have been rejected, and it is apparent that the county is engaging in total obstructionism," it said.
"The county would be well-advised to stop making excuses, and to complete its obligations under the consent decree with diligence and dispatch," it added.
The Anti-Discrimination Center did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The case is U.S. ex rel Anti-Discrimination Center of Metro New York Inc v Westchester County, 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 16-2540, 16-2549. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
LAGOS, April 20 Nigeria's naira firmed 1.27 percent to 395 per dollar on the black market on Thursday, traders said.
The central bank has been intervening on the official market to try to narrow the currency's spread with the black market rate, which was 520 to the dollar in February after it devalued the naira for retail customers to 375.
On the official market, the currency was quoted at 306 on Thursday. February's partial devaluation effectively created multiple exchange rates in Africa's biggest economy. (Reporting by Chijioke Ohuocha; Editing by Louise Ireland)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
0:31 Powerful message about texting while driving
0:51 Jerry Brown: Raising minimum wage moral, though 'may not make sense'
Nafi Tuitavake feels Piers Francis has brought a potent combination of Super Rugby style and English steel to Saints.
Francis made his first appearance in the green, black and gold on Saturday, coming off the bench during the second half of the 71-21 evisceration of the Dragons.
Nafi Tuitavake now feels settled at Saints
The fly-half, who won his first two Test caps during England's series win in Argentina in June, has joined Saints from New Zealand outfit the Blues.
And Gravesend-born Francis immediately looked at home, landing five conversions against the Dragons.
"He can only get better because he's talented," said Tuitavake, who scored one of Saints' 11 tries last weekend.
"He's played a lot of footies and just coming away from that England squad campaign he's got a lot of experience and he's someone who is fresh.
"Because he's been here before he went to Super Rugby (Francis has previously played for Edinburgh and Doncaster), he knows the style here in the UK and he's familiar with the Super style so he can pick and choose what he brings to the team."
Tuitavake was a new boy at Saints for the 2016/17 campaign, having moved to the club from French second division side Narbonne last September.
But he is now fully settled in Northampton, having enjoyed a strong second half of the previous season.
"I do feel really settled now I've had a season under my belt," said the 28-year-old.
"I'm comfortable with the boys and I really feel at home so it's nice."
ZURICH The composition of the top Swiss stock index is due to change as early as this month, with Actelion (ATLN.S) poised to fall out of the Swiss Market Index (SMI) ahead of the completion of the biotechnology company's takeover by Johnson & Johnson (JNJ.N).
Friday is the next deadline for Actelion shareholders to take J&J's $30 billion, $280 per share offer.
If more than 80 percent of shares are tendered, then Actelion's free float would slip below the 20 percent threshold required for inclusion in not only the benchmark SMI but also the broader Swiss Performance Index, Stephan Meier, a spokesman for the SIX Swiss Exchange, said on Thursday.
The chances of J&J's stake topping 80 percent are good, since it held 77 percent of Actelion shares at the end of March when it declared the takeover a success.
Should that happen, the SIX Swiss Exchange could make an announcement as early as Friday about future steps leading to another company filling Actelion's place in the SMI.
Candidates include drug ingredients maker Lonza (LONN.S), adhesives maker Sika (SIK.S) and asset manager Partners Group (PGHN.S), as well as hearing aid maker Sonova (SOON.S).
There will almost certainly be further SMI changes later this year, after ChemChina's CNNCC.UL takeover of Swiss chemicals maker Syngenta (SYNN.S) is completed.
(Reporting by Rupert Pretterkleber; Writing by John Miller; Editing by Mark Potter)
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18oyg
— The Latest on violent protesting in Virginia and related developments around the nation (all times local):
___
A judge has denied bond for an Ohio man accused of plowing his car into a crowd at a white nationalist rally.
Judge Robert Downer said during a bond hearing Monday he would appoint a lawyer for James Alex Fields Jr.
Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say he drove into the crowd, fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others.
The rally was held by white nationalists and others who oppose a plan to remove from a Charlottesville park of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
Fields has been in custody since Saturday.
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for his "deeply held, radical" convictions on race.
___
9:45 a.m.
A group that hosts a ceremony every year to re-dedicate an Atlanta monument depicting a Confederate soldier vows that it will be repaired after protesters spray-painted it and broke a chunk from it.
John Green, past commandant of the Old Guard of the Gate City Guard, said Monday it appears his group must now raise money to repair the 105-year-old statue damaged during a Sunday protest after the deadly weekend violence in Virginia.
City officials haven't commented on any plans for repairs or whether city funds would be used for that.
Green said removing the statue from Piedmont Park, a city park, is not an option.
He said the angel standing over the soldier represents peace, and it was created to help bring the nation back together after the Civil War.
___
7:40 a.m.
A prominent white nationalist website that promoted a Virginia rally that ended in deadly violence Saturday is losing its internet domain host.
GoDaddy tweeted late Sunday night that it has given the Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider because the site has violated GoDaddy's terms of service.
GoDaddy spokesman Dan Race tells the New York Daily News that the Daily Stormer violated its terms of service by labeling a woman killed in an attack at the event in Charlottesville "fat" and "childless." Heather Heyer was killed Saturday when police say a man plowed his car into a group of demonstrators protesting the white nationalist rally.
Shortly after GoDaddy tweeted its decision, the site posted an article claiming it had been hacked and would be shut down.
___
7:25 a.m.
Protesters spray-painted and broke a chunk off a statue depicting a Confederate soldier at an Atlanta park after they marched through the city to protest the weekend violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reports that a lone policeman at Piedmont Park on Sunday night was surrounded by black-clad protesters shouting "pig" as demonstrators used chains to try and destroy the Peace Monument.
The statue depicts a winged angel standing over a Confederate soldier.
Video from local news outlets showed red spray paint covering much of the monument following the demonstration.
The Atlanta protest was among several around the nation over the weekend that were organized after a chaotic white supremacist rally in Virginia ended with deadly violence.
___
7:25 a.m.
The German government is condemning the white nationalist rally in Virginia that turned violent Saturday, expressing solidarity with peaceful counter-protesters.
Chancellor Angela Merkel's spokesman Steffen Seibert told reporters Monday that it was an "absolutely repulsive scene at this extreme-right march."
He said "there was outrageous racism, anti-Semitism and hate in its most despicable form to be seen, and whenever it comes to such speech or such images it is repugnant."
He added that it's "completely contrary to what the chancellor and the German government works for politically, and we are in solidarity with those who stand peacefully against such aggressive extreme-right opinions."
Seibert says Merkel also regrets the death of a counter-protester and sent her sympathies to those injured.
___
3 a.m.
An Ohio man accused of plowing his car into counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally in Virginia is set to make his first court appearance.
Col. Martin Kumer, superintendent at the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail, says 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. has a bond hearing Monday morning.
Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say he drove into the crowd, fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others.
Fields has been in custody since Saturday. Jail officials told The Associated Press they don't know if he's obtained an attorney.
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for his "deeply held, radical" convictions on race.
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
March 30 U.S. pedestrian deaths rose sharply for the second year in a row in 2016, according to a study released on Thursday, a trend experts said mirrors increased driver cellphone use and distracted driving.
Last year saw an 11 percent rise in pedestrian deaths over 2015, making it the largest increase in the 40 years that national records have been kept, according to officials with the Governors Highway Safety Association, which represents state highway safety offices and commissioned the research.
This followed a 9.5 percent increase in 2015.
The study's author, Richard Retting, called the results “frankly quite startling,” adding that “there's clearly something happening. This is not a one-off.”
Retting said that he viewed the surge as largely attributable to cellphone use, saying that while it was statistically difficult to rule out other causes entirely, the coinciding rise in deaths and cellphone use suggests a connection.
None of the other factors typically affecting pedestrian deaths - such as population growth, yearly miles driven and walked in the United States - tracked the rise as closely as cellphone use.
Retting said wireless data use on cellphones has shot up dramatically, with 2014-15, the most recent period for which numbers are available, seeing a doubling of the amount of mobile data used in the United States and a 45 percent increase in the number of multimedia messages sent.
A 2016 U.S. Department of Transportation study showed that, while overall numbers for cellphone use in 2014 and 2015 remained relatively flat, the rate of drivers holding up phones and using their hands to manipulate them had more than doubled since 2009, and among the youngest drivers had more than quadrupled.
The replacement of flip phones by smartphones has also increased the risk, said Charlie Klauer, a lead researcher at the Virginia Tech Transportation Institute.
“Smartphones are much much harder to use ... and they are far more capable,” Klauer said. “Instagram, Snapchat, Facebook: All of it makes them very dangerous.”
Distracted drivers can also be difficult to catch. While 14 states ban all handheld cellphone use while driving, 32 only prohibit texting, forcing officers to prove drivers seen holding or touching phones were not doing something else, said Kara Macek, a spokeswoman for the governor's association.
Results among states were mixed in the survey. While 34 saw an increase, 15 states and the District of Columbia saw decreases, and Maine saw no change. (Reporting by Tom James in Seattle; editing by Patrick Enright and Cynthia Osterman)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 30 Panasonic Corp :
* Says it plans to dissolve and liquidate its wholly owned unit MTPD, which is mainly engaged in provision of cathode-ray tube related technology service
* Says dissolution effective in Nov. 2018 and liquidation is expected to be completed in March 2019
* Co plans to forgive debts borrowed by the unit MTPD, worth 100 billion yen
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/MVRUyF
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Feb 2 (Reuters) -
* INDIA FINANCE MINISTER SAYS EFFORT IS TO IMPLEMENT NEW MINIMUM SUPPORT PRICES FOR CROPS IN COMING HARVEST SEASON Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: [ ] (Reporting By Suvasree Dey Choudhury)
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
May 3 American National Insurance Co
* On april 28 board of co adopted certain changes to company's amended and restated bylaws - SEC filing
* American National Insurance - changes to co's bylaws reflect that board no longer considers chairman of board position to be an officer position
* American National Insurance - in connection with changes to co's bylaws, board separated role of chairman of board from that of president and CEO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
From Godwin Tsa, Abuja
At about 10am on Wednesday, March, 27, 2014, Lance Corporal Oge Etudo, a 30-year-old soldier serving at Lungi Barracks, Abuja, left his duty post and headed for Dei-Dei, a suburb of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). Before leaving, he surrendered his rifle and ammunition to his colleague who was on guard at their commander's house.
But he had other weapons. He retained a jack knife and illicit thoughts.
On the day in question, he went to Dei-Dei in his full military uniform to see a friend, simply called Igwe, to discuss his wedding plans.
However, on his way back, he stumbled on a young woman who was selling milk by the roadside, and, like a bee attracted to a beautiful flower, he ordered the commercial motorcycle rider that was conveying him to stop. The biker complied without question and applied the brakes.
After alighting from the motorcycle, the young soldier promptly paid the biker and advanced towards his prey (the milk seller). Unknown to Etudo, somewhere in the corner, an old man was watching the proceedings with keen interest.
After a brief discussion Etudo ordered the woman to follow him and they went into the nearby bush. Not long after, he pounced on her, ripped off her blouse and raped her violently.
The soldier was not done. He brought out the jackknife and stabbed the lady in the neck and abdomen, leaving her to bleed to death.
The deceased was a 27-year-old married woman.
A security guard at a block industry who was watching events with suspicion, followed behind at a distance and his efforts paid off. He raised the alarm after watching the soldier while he was on top of his prey, stabbing her with a knife.
Although the now dismissed soldier attempted to run away from the scene of the crime, he was overpowered by some resilient young men who were attracted by the alarm. Today, the soldier, who was handed over to the police, has been convicted and sentenced to death.
Justice S.A. Adepoju of the High Court of the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, last week sentenced Etudo to death by hanging after pronouncing him guilty of culpable homicide.
The gruesome act, according to the police prosecution counsel, Simon Lough, offends sections 220 and 221 of the Penal Code.
Justice Adepoju, in the ruling, stated that the accused showed no mercy in slaying the victim and so no mercy would be showed to him.
The two-count charge filed against the convicted ex-soldier reads:
“That you L/Cpl Oge Etudo, “M,” 27 years, of Nigerian Army, Lungi Barracks, Abuja, on or about March 27, 2014, at about 1600hrs at Dei-Dei, near Conoil filling station, Abuja, within the Abuja judicial division, did commit culpable homicide punishable with death in that you caused the death of one Binta Usman Kadede “F” of Dei-Dei village, Abuja, by stabbing her in the neck and body with a knife which resulted to her death when you knew that death would be the probable consequences of your act. You thereby committed an offence contrary to section 220 of the Penal Code and punishable under section 221 of the Penal Code.
“That you L/Cpl Oge Etudo, “M,” 27 years, of Nigerian Army, Lungi Barracks, Abuja, on or about March 27, 2014, at about 1600hrs at Dei-Dei, near Conoil filling station, Abuja, within the Abuja judicial division, did rape one Binta Usman Kadade “F” of Dei-Dei village by forcefully having sexual intercourse with her against her wish and thereafter stabbed her neck and body with a knife to death, you thereby committed an offence contrary to section 282 of the Penal Code and punishable under section 283 of the Penal Code.”
The accused pleaded not guilty to all the charges and filed a no-case submission, which was overruled by the court, while the prosecution called four witnesses and tendered 21 exhibits to prove its case.
After his no-case submission was thrown out, the accused testified and called no witnesses, but tendered his photographs which were marked as exhibits D1-D7.
While denying knowledge of the crime, the dismissed soldier said although he was at Dei-Dei on the date of the incident, March 27, 2014, he was only there to see a friend called Igwe to discuss his wedding plans with him.
“I was a guard commander in my Commander Tango's house. I took a break by 10am after submitting my arms and ammunition to my junior; I left to Dei-Dei to see my friend called Igwe at Dei-Dei to discuss about my planned white wedding.
“I stopped at Dei-Dei to urinate, in the process I was attacked by some hoodlums who inflicted injuries on me. I ran to the Conoil filling station,” he said.
Led by his counsel, I.O. Agbapulu, he claimed that, at the time he was attacked, he was in his military uniform and had cash of N55,000 on him: “On reaching the Conoil, I shouted, ‘thief! thief!' and fainted due to loss of blood. I did not know what happened until I'm regaining consciousness; I found myself in the hospital naked.”
But the prosecution called four witnesses, Usman Ishaq, a security guard at a block industry in Dei-Dei who testified that he saw the accused person in a military uniform.
“He was a passenger on a motorbike (okada) when he came towards the deceased's side, he told the okada rider to stop. He dropped from the motorcycle and asked him to go. And he forced the deceased, a milk seller, into the bush.
“When I got to the point where they entered the bush, I met the accused person on top of the deceased with a knife. He was stabbing her in the neck and the abdomen,” he said.
The witness said he mobilised people who he;ped to apprehend the soldier as he attempted to escape.
Other witnesses in the case were Usman Adamu, husband of the deceased, who testified as PW2, as well as Sergeant Yakubu Antiki, of Zuba Police Station and Anthony Iliya, a police officer attached to Zuba Police Station.
The prosecution counsel, Lough, tendered a medical report signed by Dr. A.U. Mukthar, a Chief Consultant Pathologist, Gwagwalada Specialist Hospital, Abuja.
The report, which was admitted in evidence by the court, read: “The body of a middle aged female with obvious sharp metal object injuries to the neck anterior abdominal wall around the umbilicus and around the vulva areas. The neck injuries revealed sharp metal lacerations on the back of the neck with cervical fractures and severe hemorrhage.”
After evaluating the evidence and exhibits, Justice Adepoju held that the prosecution had proved its case against the accused person.
“The observation of the doctor stating that there were injuries around the vulva area with cervical fractures corroborated the uncontradicted evidence of the eyewitness who saw the accused person on top of the deceased with a knife and who when he saw him adjusted his trouser.
“The blouse won by the deceased was ripped open around the neck and in front evinced the use of force and struggle with the deceased by the accused.
“The court would be satisfied that there was penetration even if the hymen was not ruptured or if there was no emission of semen. The slightest penetration is sufficient to conclude that there was penetration.
“I am satisfied that the prosecution has proven that the accused person penetrated the vagina of the deceased. Photographs of the deceased showed that the blouse that was worn by the deceased was ripped open around the neck and in front. This evinced the use of force and struggle with the deceased by the accused.
“The court held that the prosecution has established the required ingredients of the case of rape under section 83 of Panel Code. The accused is hereby convicted of the offence of rape.
“The accused person is hereby sentenced to death by hanging for the offence of culpable homicide under section 221 of the Panel Code. He is to pay the supreme price for his callousness and his ungodliness.
“He has shown no mercy by slaying the victim; I have no mercy for him as well. On the charge of rape, the accused is sentenced to five years imprisonment with hard labour. The terms are to run concurrently.”
Share
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May and Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon meet in a hotel in Glasgow, Scotland, March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Russell Cheyne
LONDON Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon wrote to Prime Minister Theresa May on Friday formally demanding that she allow a second referendum to be held on Scottish independence ahead of the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union.
The results of the June Brexit referendum called the country's future into question because England and Wales voted to leave the EU but Scotland and Northern Ireland voted to stay.
On Tuesday, Scotland's devolved parliament voted to hold a referendum on secession in 2018 or 2019, but the UK government in Westminster must give its approval before any such poll can he held.
READ MORE: Warning signs abound for UK economy following strong fourth quarter
May has already said it is not the right time for another referendum, having only just formally begun the complex two-year divorce talks between the UK and its 27 EU partners.
Scots rejected independence in a 2014 vote by 55 to 45 percent, but Sturgeon says the situation has changed because of Brexit.
In her letter, Sturgeon said she wished May well in negotiations with the EU, but added it seemed inevitable the outcome would leave the UK outside the European single market
"In these very changed circumstances, the people of Scotland must have the right to choose our own future - in short, to exercise our right of self determination," she wrote.
"I am therefore writing to begin early discussions between our governments to agree an Order under section 30 of the Scotland Act 1998 that would enable a referendum to be legislated for by the Scottish Parliament."
WATCH: Can Britain seal trade deal in 2-year time frame?
Sturgeon said she agreed with May that it would be wrong to hold a referendum immediately but that it should take place after the terms of Brexit were agreed and a future trade deal with the EU was struck, something May envisages before March 2019.
"There appears to be no rational reason for you to stand in the way of the will of the Scottish Parliament and I hope you will not do so," Sturgeon said.
A spokesman for May said the UK government would respond in due course but ruled out discussions on a second secession vote.
"At this point, all our focus should be on our negotiations with the European Union, making sure we get the right deal for the whole of the UK," the spokesman said.
(Reporting by Michael Holden and Kylie MacLellan; editing by Stephen Addison)
Stock index price for France's CAC 40 and company stock price information are displayed on screens as they hang above the Paris stock exchange, operated by Euronext NV, in La Defense business district in Paris, France, December 14, 2016. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
LONDON European shares edged higher on Thursday as investors welcomed results from Man Group (EMG.L) and Pandora (PNDORA.CO) maintained its outlook, while French equities outperformed ahead of the first round of France's presidential election.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index ended the session 0.2 percent higher.
France's CAC 40 .FCHI outperformed peers, jumping 1.5 percent and marking its best day since the beginning of March.
Banking stocks, which are regarded as bellwethers for the economy, led the CAC 40 higher, with BNP Paribas (BNPP.PA) and Société Générale (SOGN.PA) up 4 and 2.8 percent respectively. Some analysts suggested that investors were closing out short positions ahead of the vote.
"Few days ahead of the French elections, almost anything is possible based on the polls. The worst outcome for markets is if Le Pen and Melenchon are in the 2nd round, in our view, as markets could start pricing Frexit risks," strategists at Bank of America Merrill Lynch said in a note, referring to far-right candidate Marine Le Pen and the far-left's Jean-Luc Melenchon.
More broadly, European banks also rose, up 0.8 percent. UBS on Wednesday upgraded the sector to 'neutral' from 'underweight', citing rising reflation expectations and a seemingly more benign regulatory environment.
Even the struggling UK FTSE 100 .FTSE managed to post a 0.1 percent gain, despite coming under pressure this week after British Prime Minister Theresa May called a snap general election, a move that sent sterling to a more than 6-month high.
"The inverse correlation of FTSE with sterling is logical because of the overseas earnings of the FTSE, so if sterling continues to move, that will have a significant effect on that trade-off between large, international companies and more domestic companies," said Simon Gergel, CIO for UK Equities at Allianz Global Investors.
Earnings-related newsflow drove the top gainers, with Pandora (PNDORA.CO) up 5 percent, regaining ground after a broker downgrade hit it earlier in the week. The company updated its financial reporting structure, confirming its 2017 outlook.
In another sign of a better backdrop for the asset management industry, British hedge fund Man Group (EMG.L) shares rose 4 percent after it reported net inflows over the first quarter.
"This is a very strong start to the year that is likely to lead to consensus upgrades," said Liberum analysts.
Earlier this week peer fund manager Ashmore (ASHM.L) posted net inflows for the first time in nearly three years, and on Wednesday Henderson (HGGH.L) posted first quarter results, showing assets were cushioned by market gains in the period.
Energy sector stocks were in the red, however, reeling from a sharp slide in oil prices overnight. Lundin Petroleum (LUPE.ST) and Tullow Oil (TLW.L) were among the top fallers in the sector .SXEP.
(Reporting by Kit Rees and Helen Reid)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
President Donald Trump has tweeted that the US military is "locked and loaded" as he warned North Korea over its continuing threats.
American and South Korean officials said they would move forward with large-scale military exercises later this month that North Korea, which has laid out plans to strike near the US territory of Guam, claims are a rehearsal for war.
President Trump tweeted on Friday morning: "Military solutions are now fully in place, locked and loaded, should North Korea act unwisely. Hopefully Kim Jong-un will find another path."
Two days after North Korea laid out its plans to strike near Guam with unsettling specificity, there was no observable march toward combat, despite the angry rhetoric from both sides.
US officials said there was no major movement of US military assets to the region, nor were there signs Pyongyang was actively preparing for war.
But, worryingly, more than 800,000 people would be killed if a nuclear blast hit Birmingham.
Imagining the bomb went off at ground level at the Bullring shopping centre the effects would be devastating.
The city centre would be turned into a 300m wide and 200m deep crater, according to interactive data site Nukemap .
An enormous fireball would engulf everything within 700m leaving Digbeth, the Jewellery Quarter and Nechells a blackened fire-damaged wreck.
The upmarket neighbourhoods of Sutton Coldfield and Solihull would avoid the worst of it.
So, where could you find shelter?
Following the end of the Cold War, the nationwide network of bunkers fell into disrepair and were sold off.
Some of the bunkers entered active military service, whilst others were sold off privately.
Local councils also have ‘hardened control rooms' which mainly date back to the Cold War and Nuclear era.
However these now act as emergency control rooms, and are not referred to as nuclear bunkers.
Don't panic, though, because there are still a string of bunkers dotted across the country.
And, handily, you can find your nearest one in the West Midlands by clicking here.
The Beast from the East struck again over the weekend leaving treacherous conditions across the region on Monday.
Temperatures dropped to freezing levels overnight and snow fell throughout Saturday night.
Drivers are avoided to check routes this morning as many roads are icy.
It is not expected to snow again today, but the weather over the weekend has left many roads dangerous.
There are no trains from Lichfield to Birmingham New Street until 3pm, after problems with overhead cables at Sutton Coldfield.
Updates will follow throughout the day.
March 28 Performant Financial Corp:
* Performant Financial Corp - on March 22, 2017, co's unit and is borrower entered into amendment No. 7 to credit agreement - SEC filing
* Performant Financial - in connection with amendment No. 4 to credit agreement dated as of Feb. 19, 2016, co deposited $7.5 million into deposit account
* Performant Financial - date on which the funds will be remitted to agent for application to term loans under credit agreement extended to May 15, 2017 Source text: (bit.ly/2mLHL5S) Further company coverage:
Trump Warns North Korea: "Do Not Try Us"
File photo
SEOUL, South Korea - President Donald Trump on Wednesday warned North Korea not to underestimate the United States, vowing to defend against intimidation by Kim Jong-un's regime while issuing an urgent call for the global community to neutralize the nuclear threat posed by the country.
"The regime has interpreted America's past restraint as weakness," Trump said in a speech to South Korea's National Assembly. "This would be a fatal miscalculation. This is a very different administration than the United States has had in the past.
"I say to the North: Do not underestimate us, and do not try us," he warned Kim, as he has previously in interviews and on Twitter, but this time 35 miles from the North Korean border.
In the lengthy speech to South Korea's legislative body, Trump also urged quick action from fellow world powers to stop supporting the North through trade, calling out rivals China and Russia by name. "The longer we wait, the greater the danger grows and the fewer the options become," he said.
Trump also addressed Kim Jong-un directly, appealing to him to abandon his regime's weapons program and accept the United States' offer of "a path to a better future."
"It begins with an end to the aggression of your regime, a stop to the development of ballistic missiles, and a complete, verifiable, and total denuclearization," the president said to applause from the parliamentary body.
Similar overtures have been rebuked in the past, and Trump even made note of all the times North Korea responded to diplomatic overtures with aggressive actions.
"The world cannot tolerate the menace of a rogue regime that threatens it with nuclear devastation," Trump said.
Trump used much of the speech to paint a vivid portrait of two paths taken by the South and the North since the 1953 armistice in the Korean War. He hailed South Korea's political and economic transformations from "devastation to one of the wealthiest nations in the world."
He described North Korea as a slave state run by a "twisted regime" and described at length the "horror" of life under Kim Jong-un's rule.
The president listed the military assets already stationed "appropriately" in the region as part of his demand for "peace through strength" — an approach he campaigned on and has repeatedly espoused in office.
Trump arrived to the speech hours after a failed attempt to visit the demilitarized zone due to bad weather and fog.
The president also noted the one-year anniversary of his 2016 electoral victory. "I celebrate with you," he told the assembled members before delivering a succinct and positive assessment of his administration so far. The U.S., Trump said, "is going through something of a miracle itself" with all-time high stock markets, low unemployment, "and on and on and on."
Though the president's remarks on North Korea were solemn and serious, he earned laughs and cheers when he mentioned the success of Korean golfers during the U.S. Women's Open, held this year at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, N.J.
"Congratulations," he said to applause. "That's something, really something."
The speech was met with a standing ovation and extended applause for Trump as he exited down the center aisle of the assembly room, trailed by first lady Melania Trump.
April 6Hubei Dinglong Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 60 percent to 80 percent, or to be 67.1 million yuan to 75.5 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (41.9 million yuan)
* Says increased revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/rr22VG
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated her late on Tuesday.
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When Ramadan officially ends, the daily fasting is over and the next month - Shawwal - starts with the festivities of Eid al-Fitr.
The dates aren't known until a day or two beforehand because the Islamic calendar is based on the lunar cycle.
If the first crescent of the new moon is seen at Mecca before sunset on the 29th day, then that month is deemed to have ended and the next month begins.
If the moon isn't seen - for reasons such as heavy cloud cover - then the month carries on for one more day and the next month starts the day after that.
Because Islam follows a lunar calendar, dates drift back by 11 days a year in the sun-based Gregorian calendar used by most of the rest of the Western world.
In some parts of the world, Muslim officials instead use astronomical charts to follow the cycle of the moon, rather than relying on observation.
It allows governments in some Muslim-majority countries to plan public holidays and civic events in advance rather than wait for a moon sighting at the last minute.
It also means the dates of Ramadan and Eid are already mapped out.
And for those that do still rely on sightings, it gives a very good idea of when Ramadan and Eid are likely to be, subject to a difference of a day or so.
For instance, the astronomical charts for 2017 said Eid al-Fitr would be on Sunday, June 25.
As with the dates for all Islamic months, the moon has to be seen at Mecca on the 29th day for the month to end that day. If it's not seen, the month goes on another day.
So, depending on whether the moon was seen on June 24, Eid was going to be on June 25 or June 26. And when the moon was sighted, it ended up taking place on June 25.
So what are the predicted dates of these events for 2018?
Here's all the info you need:
Ramadan 2018
(Image: AP)
The first day of the month of fasting will be Wednesday, May 16, 2018, based on astronomical charts, and subject to a moon sighting close to that time. Ramadan is the ninth month of the Islamic calendar.
The earlier date means that Ramadan is se to be finished before the longest day of the year. But it still falls within the long, warm days of summer so there will be extended periods of daily fasting, lasting almost 19 hours.
As the months move back through the Western calendar, Ramadan is set to begin in April by 2020, in March by 2023 and in February by 2026. That means the daily hours of fasting will get shorter, offering some comfort to those who struggle to go without food and drink for such long periods.
Eid al-Fitr 2018
The Eid festivities of the first day of the new month of Shawwal will be on Friday, June 15, 2018, based on astronomical charts, and subject to a moon sighting close to that time.
As with Ramadan, Eid will get earlier and earlier as the years go on, meaning the weather for Birmingham's outdoor Eid celebrations in Small Heath Park might be colder and wetter.
Prayers are moved to local mosques if conditions are too miserable.
Eid al-Adha 2018
The second set of annual Eid festivities - translating as the Feast of the Sacrifice - starts on the 10th day of the month of Dhu al-Hijjah (the 12th and final month of the Islamic calendar) and lasts until the 13th day.
The 10th day falls on Tuesday, August 21, 2018, according to astronomical charts and subject to a moon sighting close to that time.
This event still involves outdoor prayers in Birmingham's Small Heath Park. As with Eid ul Fitr, the prayers would be moved indoors to local mosques if the weather is bad.
So you can now pencil in those dates in your diaries and on your calendars and have some idea when next year's Ramadan fasting and Eid festivities will happen.
There is a range of packages to Mecca available on Expedia. You can check them out here
An artist's impression of Uzbek national Rakhmat Akilov (C), the prime suspect in Friday's truck attack together with his defence counsels during Tuesday's remand hearing in the Stockholm District Court. Due to security restrictions, no frontal coverage was possible. Johan... REUTERS
TASHKENT An Uzbek asylum-seeker accused of ramming a truck into a crowd of people in Stockholm last week, killing four people, had tried to travel to Syria in 2015 to join the Islamic State group, an Uzbekistan security source said on Wednesday.
The source, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the suspect, Rakhmat Akilov, was an ethnic Tajik who came under the influence of a Tajik Islamic State cell while living in Sweden. Akilov has been living in Sweden since at least 2014.
Akilov was detained at the Turkish-Syrian border in 2015 and deported back to Sweden, the source said. The source added that in February this year Uzbekistan's authorities had put him on a wanted list for people suspected of religious extremism.
Swedish security police declined to comment on the information, citing the ongoing investigation.
Police believe Akilov, 39, whose asylum application failed and was wanted for deportation at the time of Friday's attack, hijacked a beer truck and drove it into a busy pedestrian street in the Swedish capital before crashing into a department store.
Akilov has confessed to committing a terrorist crime, his lawyer said on Tuesday. A judge has remanded him in custody for a month while investigations continue.
Swedish security services have said Akilov had figured in intelligence reports but they had not viewed him as a militant threat.
Sweden's state migration agency declined to comment on the Uzbekistan security source's remarks.
(Reporting by Mukhammadsharif Mamatkulov; Additional reporting by Johan Ahlander in STOCKHOLM; Writing by Christian Lowe; Editing by Olzhas Auyezov and Alison Williams)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Walsall 1 MK Dons 0
Skybet League One
STOKE City loanee Julien Ngoy scored just four minutes into his Walsall debut to hand the Saddlers a priceless victory over relegation rivals MK Dons.
Ngoy fired home a neat near-post 70-minute finish just four minutes after coming on to settle a nervy clash and move Walsall up to 16 place, four points clear of the drop zone.
The Saddlers were just about worth their victory against a drab Dons side who only forced Liam Roberts into one save, the Walsall keeper denying Ed Upson just after Ngoy's opener.
Ngoy could have had a second late on but it mattered little as the Saddlers pulled clear of trouble.
Walsall made just one change from their 3-1 midweek defeat at high-flying Blackburn Rovers as Kory Roberts made way for deadline day loan signing Jack Fitzwater, of West Bromwich Albion, at centre-back.
Of Walsall's two other deadline day loan captures, young Stoke striker Julien Ngoy was among the substitutes but Arsenal centre-back Krystian Bielik is still in the final stages of recovering from injury.
Fellow strugglers MK were looking for a first win under new manager Dan Micciche and came into the game in even worse form than Walsall, with just one victory in their previous 12 league games.
They made two changes from the side that crashed out of the FA Cup at home to League Two side Coventry Cities a week earlier than Conor McGrandles and Blackburn loanee Elliott Ward came in for Ike Ugbo and Ousseynou Cisse.
Walsall made a bright start as Joe Edwards tested Dons keeper Lee Nicholls low down from 25 yards inside the opening minute.
A minute later, Amadou Bakayoko pounced on a Dons defensive slip but blazed over from 20 yards and, a minute after that, an Erhun Oztumer run ended with the playmaker dragging a shot wide from just outside the box.
It was all Walsall and, 15 minutes in, they might have had a penalty as skipper Adam Chambers got behind Alex Gilbey to collect Oztumer's through ball and seemed to be bundled over by the Dons man, but nothing was given.
Bakayoko collected a drilled Chambers pass and lashed a volley wide in one movement but Walsall's bright start petered out as the game became a scrappy and cagey affair.
There was not another real chance until four minutes before the break when Edwards surged down the left and his cross picked Oztumer but his header flashed wide from around 12 yards.
MK finally threatened eight minutes into the second half as a patient move ended with Marcus Tavernier finding space 20 yards out but his low strike across goal drifted just wide.
Dons were clearly growing in confidence at this stage, having gotten away with an awful first half, and substitute Robbie Muirhead lashed wide from 25 yards after a powerful run.
Just before the hour mark, Kieran Agard came closest yet for the visitors, curling inches wide from just inside the box with Saddlers keeper Liam Roberts scrambling across his goal.
That let-off sparked a Walsall improvement and they should have been ahead two minutes later as a blocked Edwards shot fell to Bakayoko in the six-yard box but he skied the golden chance over the bar.
Back came MK and, as Walsall failed to clear a deep cross, Muirhead's acrobatic effort, with his back to goal looked to be creeping in until Jon Guthrie cleared from in front of his own goal.
But Walsall boss Jon Whitney rolled the dice, bringing on loanees Ngoy and Justin Shaibu for Bakayoko and Oztumer, whose withdrawal was met by loud jeers from fans.
Ngoy soon repaid that faith, cutting in from the by-line and unleashing a low shot from around 12 yards that beat Nicholls at his near post.
Dons' best chance of equalising came soon after as a ball fell to Upson around ten yards out but his shot was foiled by a fine reaction save from Roberts.
The visitors continued to huff and puff but it was Walsall who had the best late opportunity, Shaibu's run setting up Ngoy 12 yards out but his shot on the turn went wide.
Walsall (4-1-4-1): L Roberts, Kinsella, Fitzwater, Guthrie, Leahy, Chambers, Morris, Oztumer (Ngoy 66), Dobson, Edwards, Bakayoko (Shaibu 66).
Subs not used: Gillespie, K Roberts, Flanagan, Cuvelier, Kouhyar.
MK Dons (4-2-3-1): Nicholls, Williams, Wootton, Ward, Lewington, Upson, Gilbey, Sow, McGrandles (Ugbo 73), Tavernier, Agard.
Subs not used: Sietsma, Tymon, Ebanks-Landell, Brittain, Cisse, Muirhead.
Saddlers star man: Joe Edwards.
* Dollar index pulls away from 4-1/2-month lows
* Fed speakers remind markets of rate hike plans
* Sterling braces for formal filing of Brexit launch
TOKYO, March 29 The dollar pulled away from 4-1/2-month lows against a currency basket on Wednesday after solid data backed expectations for more U.S. interest rate hikes this year, while sterling was knocked by Britain triggering its exit from the European Union.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against six major rival currencies, edged up slightly to 99.751. It managed to crawl off a low of 98.858 plumbed earlier this week, its weakest level since Nov. 11, in the wake of U.S. President Donald Trump's failed healthcare reform bill.
"The 'Trump trade' is still alive after all. It was too early to declare it dead with the failure of the healthcare reform bill to pass," said Ayako Sera, senior market economist at Sumitomo Mitsui Trust.
"As long as the U.S. economy shows signs of strength, the dollar will remain strong, but since an overly strong dollar also has some downside for the U.S. economy, there will be dollar corrections," she said.
The healthcare failure reform raised doubts that Trump would be able to carry out his fiscal stimulus and tax cuts, and pressured the dollar to 110.11 yen, its lowest since Nov. 18. It last stood at 111.22 yen, up slightly on the day.
"I think the optimism about 'Trumponomics,' against the failure to pass the Obamacare reform bill, is still dominating the dollar/yen market," said Masafumi Yamamoto, chief forex strategist at Mizuho Securities in Tokyo.
"The dollar has been quite resilient, and this shows that optimism and hope among market participants remains, that some things will happen under the Trump administration," Yamamoto said.
U.S. Federal Reserve Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer also gave the dollar a lift as he said in a television interview that two more increases to U.S. overnight interest rates this year seemed "about right."
The Fed raised rates in March, and a majority of the central bank's policymakers foresee at least two more increases this year.
Fed Governor Jerome Powell said on Tuesday that the collapse of the healthcare reform bill had made the U.S. central bank's job harder as it tried to anticipate which set of policies would pass.
Reinforcing rate hike expectations, the Conference Board said U.S. consumer confidence index hit 125.6 in March, surpassing expectations for a reading of 114, and much higher than 116.1 in February. The March level marked the highest since December 2000.
The data pushed up U.S. Treasury yields, further bolstering the dollar's appeal. The yield on benchmark 10-year notes rose to 2.421 percent in Asian trading, from its U.S. close of 2.409 percent on Tuesday.
Sterling, meanwhile, wallowed at one-week lows, down 0.3 percent at $1.2412 as investors braced for British Prime Minister Theresa May's move later on Wednesday to formally file paperwork to leave the European Union.
Investors were also assessing news that Scotland's parliament had backed a vote for independence even though the British government said it would not enter independence negotiations with Scotland.
Further weighing on the pound, Bank of England interest rate-setter Ian McCafferty highlighted a weak outlook for the economy on Tuesday, and said he did not know if he would vote to increase borrowing costs at the next BoE meeting in May.
The euro was steady on the day at $1.0813.
(Reporting by Tokyo markets team; Editing by Shri Navaratnam and Eric Meijer)
China's government has accused the Trump administration of hurting its credibility by acting erratically on trade and vowed to fight back if Washington goes ahead with a threatened tariff hike.
A foreign ministry spokeswoman complained Wednesday that the U.S. decision to renew a threat to raise duties on a US$50 billion (NZ$71 billion) list of Chinese goods conflicts with an agreement in mid-May aimed at settling that dispute.
Treasury Steven Mnuchin said then the conflict was "on hold" after Beijing promised to buy more U.S. goods to help narrow its multibillion-dollar trade surplus with the United States.
The spokeswoman, Hua Chunying, declined to say whether Tuesday's announcement might disrupt plans for Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross to visit Beijing on Saturday for more talks.
Advertisement
A US business group says American companies in China are uneasy about Washington's threat of export and investment controls in a trade dispute with Beijing but see them as a possible way to achieve fairer operating conditions.
William Zarit, chairman of the American Chamber of Commerce in China, said Wednesday that companies hope Beijing can be persuaded to ease curbs on investment and business activity.
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross is due in Beijing on Saturday after the White House renewed its threat of 25 per cent tariffs on US$50 billion (NZ$71 billion) of Chinese goods. Washington proposed curbs on Chinese investment and purchases of high-tech goods.
Zarit said companies don't favour investment and export restrictions but want equal treatment "and this seems to be one of the ways to do that."
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
Britain Football Soccer - Arsenal v Manchester City - Premier League - Emirates Stadium - 2/4/17 Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola and Manchester City's Sergio Aguero speak to referee Andre Marriner at full time Action Images via Reuters / John Sibley Livepic
LONDON Manchester City's 2-2 draw at Arsenal has prompted faint title talk from the visitors' camp, but their Emirates Stadium stalemate only exposed the enduring frailties that persist with Pep Guardiola's side.
Twice City took the lead, through Leroy Sané and Sergio Aguero, but twice they were pegged back as Arsenal equalised through Theo Walcott and Shkodran Mustafi.
While City can move within eight points of Premier League leaders Chelsea with a win at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday, their inability to kill off troubled Arsenal suggests Guardiola has his work cut out to cultivate a side that can mount a challenge for the title, let alone eclipse Chelsea this season.
Defensively, City were regularly troubled by an Arsenal attacking unit that have themselves flattered to deceive in recent fixtures.
Guardiola praised stand-in right back Jesus Navas, who applied himself manfully despite the ominous prospect of a tussle with Alexis Sanchez, though the City winger's cameo in defence only served to highlight the paucity of options.
"I played him because Bacary Sagna was injured and Pablo Zabaleta were not ready," Guardiola told Sky Sports. "Jesus always deserves the best because he is an excellent guy and I was so happy with him."
Fit-again club captain Vincent Kompany remained on the bench despite being available and cut a frustrated figure watching his teammates toil defensively.
City have conceded 32 league goals this season - 11 more than second-placed Tottenham Hotspur, nine more than Chelsea - and the backline requires a significant overhaul this summer.
Guardiola has crafted a sleek offensive unit but, after a breathless opening 15 minutes at The Emirates, they appeared to ease off as their intensity levels dropped and they allowed Arsenal back into the match.
City only reasserted themselves after Walcott poked home an equaliser, and were unable to rouse themselves in the second half to push on and secure all three points.
"We didn't play in the first half," Guardiola conceded, "after the goal we forgot to play, the desire went.
"In the second half we played more. We suffered a lot in the first half because we did not make those passes together."
The match summed up City's maiden season under ex-Barcelona and Bayern Munich coach Guardiola, as they started brightly, dropped off significantly and ultimately lost their way.
Despite the re-emergence of title talk, the Spanish coach has much to do in order to craft a championship-winning side out of a talented - if flawed - squad.
(Reporting by Ed Dove; Editing by Ken Ferris)
NAIROBI Kenyan herdsmen burnt down a luxury safari lodge owned by a white conservationist on Wednesday, a neighbouring ranch owner said, the latest attack to take place in the drought-stricken Laikipia area.
The attack on the Mukutan Retreat, where guests can pay more than $650 (£523) per night according to travel websites, followed a military operation to restore law and order in the area.
Kenyan security officials and the lodge's owners were not immediately available for comment.
Insecurity in Laikipia has spiked in recent months as armed cattle herders searching for scarce grazing drive tens of thousands of cattle onto private farms and ranches. A dozen people have been killed.
Some lawmakers have said the violent land invasions were being stoked by politicians seeking votes from particular ethnic blocs in a national election scheduled for August.
A recent victim was Tristan Voorspuy, a dual British-Kenyan national, who was shot dead this month.
(Reporting by Duncan Miriri; editing by Richard Lough)
Franklin Cool Springs Chiropractor serving Franklin, Brentwood, and Thompson Station Spreading Awareness About Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Contact
White Feather Chiropractic
***@whitefeatherchiropractic.com White Feather Chiropractic
End
-- White Feather Chiropractic Celebrates the Opening of New Full Service Chiropractic Office with Service toand Surrounding Area is Promoting Awareness about Autism Spectrum Disorder., a Tennessee based chiropractic office, is proud to be promoting awareness about. New to, Dr. Chance Moore is athat utilizes a gentle no-popping no-cracking technique called. Dr. Moore's application of DNFT® and advanced knowledge of nutrition can help to promote a healthy nervous system and lower levels of inflammation in the nervous system, gut, and entire body.Dr.in addition to his Doctorate inhas a Bachelors of Science in Dietetics andfrom the Univeristy of Arkansas, and although Dr. Chance Moore is not a registered dietician, he has had extensive coursework in nutritional therapy."It has been shown that children with autism experiencein certain regions of their brain." says Dr. Moore. "It is our mission at White Feather to alleviate the inflammation and other sources of incoordination within the nervous system that patients with, or any other condition for that matter, are facing. By reducingthroughandas well as providingto the patient in an amount that does not overload their nervous system, we may. While there is no cure for, treatments promoting healthy bodies, and healthy nervous systems seem to be providing children with reduced symptom days."About White Feather ChiropracticWhite Feather Chiropractic is a relaxing low force chiropractic clinic inthat utilizes a gentletechnique called(DNFT®).Contact InfoWhite Feather Chiropractic330 Mallory Station RoadSuite 27Franklin, TN 37067Phone:Website: http://whitefeatherchiropractic.com/ Press Releases: http://whitefeatherchiropractic.com/PR URL: http://whitefeatherchiropractic.com/Dr. Chance Moore DC615-415-0125@whitefeatherchiropractic.com
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
DUESSELDORF, Germany German pump maker Busch is promising to hold off changes to rival Pfeiffer Vacuum's (PV.DE) strategy and to safeguard jobs, as it seeks to drum up support for its latest takeover offer, according to a letter seen by Reuters on Monday.
Busch last week announced a new takeover offer for Pfeiffer, bidding 110 euros per share for the group, after a previous approach failed.
Busch said in the business combination letter it sent to Pfeiffer management that it "has full confidence in the strategy communicated by the company's management."
Its takeover vehicle Pangea "commits to allowing the group to continue operating as an independent, stock-listed company", Busch said, adding the guarantees would be in place for two years.
It also said it would respect existing labor agreements following any takeover and not push for job cuts.
In return, it said it expected Pfeiffer's management and supervisory boards to take a positive stance on the takeover offer.
Pfeiffer has criticized Busch for still not offering a premium over the current share price. The new offer values it at around 1.1 billion euros ($1.17 billion), less than its market value of close to 1.2 billion.
(Reporting by Anneli Palmen; Writing by Maria Sheahan; Editing by Victoria Bryan)
Awka – World Igbo Environmental Foundation (WIEF) says there are over 2,800 active erosion sites threatening to sack most communities in the South-East of Nigeria from their ancestral lands.
Dr Odili Ojukwu, Chairman of the foundation made this assertion in an interview with newsmen in Awka on Wednesday.
Ojukwu, an Engineer advocated for community participation in the management and protection of the environment from erosion.
He blamed the prevalence of gully erosion on faulty road construction and drainage systems, adding that people must ensure that development activities in their areas do not result to erosion.
According to him, there are over 1,000 active erosion sites in Anambra, 300 in Imo, 500 in Abia, 500 in Enugu and 500 in Ebonyi states.
“We tried to establish the causes of erosion and gully issues within the South-East and South-South Region; these are the areas most exposed to erosion.
“As we speak, in Anambra alone, there are over 1000 active erosion sites, in Imo there are about 300, Abia 500, Enugu 500 and Ebonyi 500.
“So, if you aggregate it, you will discover that the entire region is at risk of losing its ancestral land.
“WIEF is saying that every community has the right to protect their environment; nobody should come into your land to destroy it unless you allow them.
“Communities need to take ownership of their environment; that is what will enable them see potential erosions and check it to prevent them from becoming gullies.
“Climate change is also a factor but that is after all the anthropogenic issues have been taken care of, that is; all human effect on vegetations must be limited,” he said.
Ojukwu, an Environmental Consultant, underscored need for a holistic approach to addressing the erosion menace.
He said government at various levels had not done enough to check erosion as the institutions and policies that guarantee sustainable environment were non-functional or lacking.
“Historically, governments have not been able to do much to ensure environmental sustainability; this is also made worse by the I-don't-care attitude of the people.
“Our institutions do not work, that is why there are no technocrats who act on issues of environment on constant basis
“Gullies do not begin overnight, there are processes leading to them and they can be stopped with minimal effort at the community level,” Ojukwu said.(NAN)
Sisters in Literature: Wonderful companions or competitors with a tinge of arsenic?
The inspiration for this piece on sisters has been brewing in me since I was six years old when my little sister Susan aged three, sadly died from pneumonia. I've avoided writing about it for years, and now looking at it written so boldly on this page all these years later I'm shocked to see the fact of it in print.
I'm lucky enough to have two brothers but the sister thing, the broken link, has never stopped nagging at me. I have always imbued that relationship with what my head tells me is an unrealistic cosiness, while my heart continues to long for it.
I've been encouraged in my view that sisters walk hand-in-hand on enchanted ground, by those historic and literary sisters who play on our emotions such as: Louisa May Alcott's Little Women, Jane Austen's Dashwood sisters, Blanche and Stella in, A Streetcar named Desire. Even those Kardashian girls, love or hate them, seem to share an enviable loyalty to each other which unites them against the world.
Of course, I know that it's not all sugar, that spice is in the mix too, not to mention a dash of arsenic on occasion. Your sister can be both your companion and your competitor; she's your best friend and your worst enemy, she can be a bitch, and from what I have observed she certainly can bring out the bitch in you.
Sisters in literature as in life suffer from the inevitable comparisons they are made subject to: one is the pretty one, or the talented one etcetera. The younger sister may feel outrage that her older sister got there first, that she is the one who gets the hand-me-downs. The older sister may think her younger sibling spoilt, complain that she gets more than her fair share of attention.
All this is the normal commerce of sisterhood, where despite these irritations it's a given that the bond of love is taken for granted. In normal circumstances a sister is for life, and the ups and the downs of it all seem rather wonderful to me. Having said that, normal hardly ever makes a good story, normal lacks tension, normal doesn't pose a question that needs answering.
As Tolstoy wrote in his wonderful opening of Anna Karenina, ‘Happy families are all alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.' Unhappy poses questions, takes us down paths that allow us to explore the often destructive power in family passions. It is a seam of gold that many writers have mined to their advantage in the past.
It was working as a psychotherapist that first truly opened my eyes to the challenges that exist in being a sister, and to how occasionally the relationship gets out of hand and goes beyond normal behaviour. One of the closest sibling relationships we think of is twins of course. Even this bond though is not always ideal. I once attended a lecture on twins in the womb thinking we would see scans of babies holding hands or with their arms around each other. But no. A short film was shown where in uterus one twin seemed to be attempting to kick their sibling out of their shared space; this behaviour was on-going after birth, with the same twin attempting to exclude his brother from their toys, and from their mother's affection, by pushing him aside, putting a lot of effort into attempting to get his brother out of their playpen.
I should point out that this is unusual behaviour, and that it may have no meaning other than that we are territorial animals needing our own space. But seeing that film rang the novelists bell in me. It posed the question, what if. What if the sibling relationship was skewed and only had love on one side? What if one sister was good, the other bad? One Cinderella the other the ugly sister. And taking the thought further, worse than simply being excluded from the ball, would be one sister's obsessional hatred for the other leading to the darkest transgressions.
The complex relationships between sisters have been put to good use in such novels as, Atonement, where Briony and Cecilia have a huge effect on each other's adult lives, and with Merricat and Constance in, We have Always Lived in the Castle, which speaks to sisterly loyalty. The one about lifelong guilt, the other concerning secrets in a Gothic suspense which highlights how diverse the sister relationship can be.
Stories of sisterhood enter our minds along with the fairy tales of our childhood. They can draw from us both tears and laughter have us paddling in calm seas or drowning in dark water. But no matter to me that the sister relationship is sometimes not all that it's cracked up to be that there can be ugly sisters and Cinderella ones too, I still long for one of my own.
MOSCOW Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson spoke by phone on Saturday about the situation in Syria after the U.S. strikes on a Syrian air base, the Russian ministry said in a statement.
Lavrov pointed out that "an attack on a country whose government fights terrorism only plays into the hands of extremists, creates additional threats to regional and global security," the Russian ministry said.
He also told Tillerson that assertions that the Syrian military used chemical weapon in Idlib province on April 4 do not correspond to reality, the ministry added.
It said Lavrov and his U.S. counterpart agreed to continue discussions on Syria in person. Tillerson is expected in Moscow for talks with Russian officials next week.
(Reporting by Polina Devitt; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
Art & Culture Desk
The Canada-based CinePeace Distribution Group will screen 15 Iranian features and short films as well as documentaries in the World Cinema section of the 13th American Action on Film Festival (AOF).
This will be the second consecutive year that the festival is screening Iranian films in its World Cinema section. CinePeace Distribution Group has the largest share of this year's Iranian flicks to be shown at the AOF, IRNA reported.
Among the Iranian movies to be screened at the World Cinema section of the festival are ‘Cold Breath' directed by Abbas Raziji (feature), ‘Parallel' directed by Paricher Raili (short film), ‘Day Off' directed by Aidin Pedari (short film), ‘Last Condition' directed by Maryam Veis Moradi (short film), ‘Passenger' directed by Shadi Shianfari (feature), ‘Phantasmagoria' directed by Baha Jamali (short film), ‘Photos Can Talk' directed by Afshin Amiari (documentary), ‘Rain' directed by Mohammad-Javad Salehi (short film), ‘Ramble' directed by Houman Shahabi (short film), ‘Dar-Al-Salam' directed by Ehsan Shadmani (documentary), ‘By Its Little Wings' directed By Kaveh Marhamati (short film), ‘Synchronize' and ‘The Road Will Never End' both directed By Atena Mahmoudi (short films), ‘Tribune' directed by Reza Keshavarz (short film) and ‘War Is Stupid' directed by Saeideh Delirian (short film).
The founder and manager of CinePeace Distribution Group is Abbas Raziji. The company's central office is in Montreal in Canada.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
Dylan Hartley has published a defiant message on social media after it was announced that he will miss England's tour to South Africa because of concussion.
Hartley has not played since the final match of the NatWest 6 Nations, against Ireland on March 17, and on Monday his club Northampton revealed that he is to take an extended break.
The 32-year-old, who has sustained two previous significant concussions, has been stood down until pre-season for the 2018-19 campaign, meaning he will sit out the June series against the Springboks.
It appears that Hartley, who has captained England in all-but one Test under Eddie Jones, has taken exception to coverage of the news.
The hooker has released on Instagram a post titled “Dylan Hartley statement on Dylan Hartley” beside a photo of him singing the national anthem.
“Believe it or not this is a photo of me singing and not what is rumoured to be a fat lady (difficult to tell apart I know),” he said.
“I see there are a lot of so-called experts out there in newspapers, pubs and podcasts recommending what I do with my career.
“Funnily enough I'm only listening to the medical professionals and myself.
“Fortunately/unfortunately for some I'll be back next season to help my respective teams push on. Thank you for your support.”
Two years ago Hartley was ruled out for a total of 14 weeks because of two separate concussions, the last in the Grand Slam-clinching victory over France in which he was knocked out.
He later conceded he had no memory of the trophy presentation held on the pitch and questioned whether another substantial head knock could result in his early retirement.
Hartley said in 2016: “Every time that you see your kid you think ‘if I hit my head again what's that going to mean?'
“If I got another one now I'd be worried. I would probably start looking at other careers, or stuff like that, or maybe a long lay-off.”
– PA
Share it:
Don't Miss
BEIRUT Warplanes mounted five air strikes on Wednesday in a rebel-held area of northwestern Syria where dozens of people were killed the day before in a suspected chemical attack, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported.
The Syrian army could not immediately be reached for comment on the reported air strikes in town of Khan Sheikhoun in Idlib province on Wednesday. An Observatory report did not identify the warplanes.
The United States has blamed the chemical attack on Syrian government forces. The army has denied any role.
Russia's defence ministry said on Wednesday that poisonous gas contamination in the area was the result of gas leaking from a rebel chemical weapons depot after it was hit by Syrian government air strikes.
The Observatory said the chemical attack was carried out by warplanes believed to belong to the Syrian military.
(Writing by Tom Perry. Editing by Jane Merriman)
São Paulo, March 29 JBS SA, the world's biggest meatpacker, said on Wednesday it would furlough workers at 10 of its 36 Brazilian beef plants after sales fell sharply due to a police probe into bribery of health inspectors in Brazil's meat industry.
A JBS press representative said the 20-day furlough would begin on Monday. JBS previously said that it would operate under reduced capacity in Brazil this week and do everything it could to maintain employment levels. (Reporting by Paula Laier; Writing by Brad Haynes; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Josh Sargent (30th minute) put the US in the lead by converting a penalty in the first half.Chris Durkin (51st) and Andrew Carleton (84th) rounded off the tally after the break.The Indians gave a good account of themselves in the first half although the visitors dominated from start to finish and should have scored within the first 10 minutes.India's star winger Komal Thatal was superb down the left, repeatedly troubling the American defenders with his dribbling skills.India's other winger Ninthoiganba Meetei also played well with his speedy runs down the right. Abhijit Sarkar also did well in the midfield.Indian goalkeeper Dheeraj Moirangthem was in superb form, coming up with several superb saves to reduce the margin of defeat.The hosts played a defensive, counter-attacking style with Aniket Jadhav as the lone striker. The Indian boys however, suffered from a lack of co-ordination in the final third which resulted in a lot of mispasses and made the job easier for the US defenders.The Indian defence came under pressure right at the start when India goalkeeper Dheeraj Moirangthem produced a superb save to deny American striker Josh Sargent from close range.Dheeraj was called upon to make another save in the 15th minute when an attempted clearance saw the ball bounce off US winger Ayo Akinola and almost sneak in at the near post.The US defence came under pressure in the 25th minute when India striker Aniket Jhadav dribbled into the rival penalty area and ultimately earned a corner.The Americans took the lead when the referee inexplicably awarded a penalty after Indian defender Jitendra Singh tugged at the jersey of Sargent inside the penalty box. Sargent stepped forward to send the ball into the net as Dheeraj dived the other way.The Americans almost doubled their lead shortly after half-time when Akinola dribbled into the penalty area and picked out Sargent inside the six-yard box.Dheeraj however, displayed excellent reflexes to deny Sargent's close range attempt with a diving save.The hosts however could not rejoice for long as a short while later, the Indian defence failed to clear a high ball inside the box and Durkin punished them with an impeccable finish.The second goal seemed to affect the morale of the hosts as their defence started to make mistakes.India got a good chance in the 56th minute when a through ball from Sarkar found Thatal whose attempt went over the bar.India's best chance of the match came in the 84th minute when Anwar Ali's shot from outside the penalty box beat American goalkeeper Justin Garces but hit the underside of the crossbar.But the third goal for the US came off the subsequent counter-attack as Carleton latched on to a long ball out of the American defence and rounded past Dheeraj to find the net.
Migrants rest on the deck of the MV Phoenix after being rescued by the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) after they were spotted adrift on board a rubber dinghy in the central Mediterranean Sea, north of Sabratha, off the Libyan coast. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Exhausted migrants rest on the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) ship Phoenix after being rescued. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Rescuers of the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) hand out life jackets to migrants on board a rubber dinghy. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Migrants rest on the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) ship Phoenix. More than 700 migrants were rescued from six rubber dinghies and a wooden boat in the the Mediterranean, in international waters off the coast of the Libyan city of Sabratha, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Migrants rest on the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) ship Phoenix. More than 700 migrants were rescued from six rubber dinghies and a wooden boat in the the Mediterranean, in international waters off the coast of the Libyan city of Sabratha, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Migrants rest on the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) ship Phoenix. More than 700 migrants were rescued from six rubber dinghies and a wooden boat in the the Mediterranean, in international waters off the coast of the Libyan city of Sabratha, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Migrants rest on the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) ship Phoenix. More than 700 migrants were rescued from six rubber dinghies and a wooden boat in the the Mediterranean, in international waters off the coast of the Libyan city of Sabratha, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
A migrant rests in the medical clinic on board the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) ship Phoenix. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Migrants rest on the Malta-based NGO Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) ship Phoenix. More than 700 migrants were rescued from six rubber dinghies and a wooden boat in the Mediterranean, in international waters off the coast of the Libyan city of Sabratha, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
ABOARD THE PHOENIX Humanitarian groups operating rescue ships off the coast of Libya picked up more than 700 migrants out of seven flimsy and overcrowded boats on Wednesday, Italy's coast guard said.
The Phoenix rescue ship, operated by the Malta-based non-governmental organisation MOAS, rescued more than 300 people from three boats in international waters off the coast of the Libyan city of Sabratha.
The Aquarius, operated by SOS Mediterranee and Doctors without Borders, went to the aid of four rubber boats, a coast guard spokesman said. Italy's coast guard coordinated the rescues.
Migrants arriving in Italy on boats from North Africa are up some 30 percent so far this year, according to official data released last week.
Some 600 people have died trying to reach Italy this year, said the International Organization for Migration. No bodies were found on Wednesday, the coast guard said.
(Reporting by Darrin Zamitt, writing by Steve Scherer in Rome, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Indian shares edge lower on profit-taking; lenders fall
June 15 Indian shares traded marginally lower on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers, while soft U.S. economic data, a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world's largest economy hurt sentiment.
Image copyright Joyce Nicholls Image caption A survey suggests girls are more likely to be bullied online than boys
A 14-year-old amateur boxer is fighting back after online trolls told her that boxing was "not for girls".
Sophie, from Yorkshire, says girls should not be put off the ring - or other hobbies - even if it means they receive abuse on social media.
"People inbox us and say, 'You shouldn't be doing it, it's a boy's sport'," she said.
Girls are more likely to be harassed on social media than boys, according to a recent survey of 11-18 year olds.
Sophie said that she and other girls in her boxing club had been bullied by social media trolls - people who leave upsetting and abusive messages online.
"It's purely because we're girls and 'should' be wearing make-up and stuff," she said. "People started bullying me over it because of the way I dress."
Sophie admitted she has "deleted quite a lot of photos off Facebook" when people left negative comments about her wearing tracksuits in and outside the boxing ring.
Girls 'harassed' online
Nearly half of girls in the UK say they have experienced abuse online, according to a study of 1,002 people aged 11 to 18.
This could be an upsetting message from a stranger, a bullying comment from a social media "friend", or an image being shared without their consent.
Children's charity Plan International UK, which commissioned the survey, found that 48% of girls and 40% of boys had been harassed online.
Sophie said girls get "treated a lot differently on social media than lads".
"People don't like that because I do wear quite a lot of boys trackies and tops and stuff like that," she said. Speaking of her local boxing club, she added: "We post quite a lot of our photos on Facebook."
Image copyright Joyce Nicholls
The recent success of Olympic champion boxer Nicola Adams and has in part helped shift attitudes towards girls and women boxing.
"Us girls we do quite a lot of boxing," Sophie said. "More of us like to push ourselves to the limit that we can."
But 15-year-old Ambrin, from London, says girls are often left to "protect themselves" against social media bullies.
She says she's modified her behaviour to try to avoid online abuse.
"I was always very careful if I was going to share a political opinion, I would do it under an account that didn't have my name," she said.
She uses Snapchat and used to use Instagram - but stopped after someone in her school also set up an account threatening to post nude pictures of girls in her year.
"The school couldn't really do much about it because they didn't know who was posting them," she said.
Image copyright Plan Image caption Ambrin says social media can put pressure on young people as "everything's being shared"
Tanya Barron, Plan International UK's chief executive, said girls risked "losing their voices" if they avoided posting pictures or comments because of fear of being bullied.
The survey found that 73% of girls and 59% of boys had chosen not to post pictures or comments for this reason.
"Girls are self-censoring on social media for fear of backlash from others," Ms Barron said.
She says children should be allowed to express themselves - whether that is through their sport, or because they have an opinion - without feeling threatened.
"We're calling on every one to stand up for girls online, calling out abuse when we see it and encouraging a space in which girls can find their voice," she said.
Ways to beat the online bullies
Advice from Childline's counsellors:
PARIS: One in five children in rich countries lives in relative poverty, according to a UNICEF report published Thursday that put the US and New Zealand among the world's worst performers for youth well-being.
Nearly 13 percent of children in those countries lack access to sufficient safe and nutritious food, the report said, with that number rising to 20 percent in the US and Britain.
“Higher incomes do not automatically lead to improved outcomes for all children, and may indeed deepen inequalities,” said Sarah Cook, director of the UNICEF Innocenti research office that published the study.
“Governments in all countries need to take action to ensure the gaps are reduced and progress is made,” she said.
The “Report Card” took into account factors such as education, mental health, alcohol abuse, economic opportunities and the environment to rank 41 high-income countries for overall youth well-being.
Germany and the Nordic countries topped the list while Romania, Bulgaria and Chile came in at the bottom, with New Zealand and the US in 34th and 37th place respectively.
The US had relatively low scores in terms of poverty, hunger, health, education and inequality.
New Zealand performed particularly badly in terms of adolescent mental health, with the highest suicide rate in the world for people aged 15 to 19 — almost three times the average for the countries surveyed.
In response to the report, the New Zealand Psychological Society said there was no excuse for such statistics in a wealthy developed nation.
“These statistics paint a picture of many young people being left behind in a country that should be able to provide for all,” society president Quentin Abraham said.
“This report calls for action from the government and us all to develop policies that make sure children and young people are able to lead full and active lives.”
The Child Poverty Action Group said the figures were “depressing” and pointed out that child health care subsidies in New Zealand stopped at 13, when they were entering the vulnerable teenage years.
“The link between child mental health and poverty cannot be ignored,” said group spokeswoman Innes Ashes, a paediatrics professor at Auckland University.
The number of adolescents reporting mental health problems is increasing in the majority of the countries included in the study, along with the rate of obesity among young people.
Even in Japan and Finland, among the best performing countries in the list, around a fifth of 15-year-olds does not reach baseline educational standards, the report said as it called for greater focus on disadvantaged groups. AFP
AFP/CC
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
April 10 Centurion Finance SA:
* Joanna Boszko acquires 70.94 percent of the company's shares representing the same number of votes at Centurion Finance AGMs Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
RIYADH HSBC-controlled Saudi British Bank (SABB) is in discussions with lenders over a U.S. dollar-denominated bond issue that could come as early as this month, banking sources familiar with the matter said on Tuesday.
The bank has appointed HSBC (HSBA.L), which has a 40 percent stake in the lender, as financial adviser for the establishment of a debt programme but no banks have been formally named for the potential issue, said one source close to the situation.
An HSBC spokeswoman declined to comment.
If the sale goes ahead, SABB would be the first Saudi bank to raise funds internationally since the kingdom raised $17.5 billion (£13.5 billion) with its first international bond last year.
That issue was seen paving the way for Saudi companies to follow suit. Banks in particular were expected to tap international markets soon after the jumbo sovereign issue, but improved liquidity in the banking system has slowed their plans.
Nevertheless, continued regulatory pressures and higher non-performing loan ratios caused by low oil prices are expected to drive Saudi banks and lenders in the Gulf more generally to turn to debt financing, bankers said.
It is possible that SABB's debt sale, which is likely to be a subordinated bond, could be delayed by the lender's merger talks with Alawwal Bank, which were announced at the end of April, said the sources.
SABB is the kingdom's sixth largest bank by assets. A merger with Alawwal Bank would create an entity with assets worth nearly $80 billion.
SABB said at the end of March it planned to establish a sukuk programme of up to $2 billion which could include local currency and dollar-denominated Islamic bonds. It said it would establish the programme in the second quarter.
(Editing by David Clarke)
THE HAGUE (Reuters) - The UN's top court on Friday sided largely with Costa Rica in a decade-old border dispute, ordering Nicaragua to remove a military camp from disputed territory.
Judges at the International Court of Justice found that Nicaragua had violated Costa Rica's sovereignty.
April 12 Rheinmetall AG:
* Has won two important first orders for protecting sensitive government infrastructure from aerial drones
* In Switzerland, the central prison in Lenzburg and the inter-cantonal penitentiary in Bostadel have contracted to install drone detection equipment known as the Radshield system Source text - bit.ly/2o5kxEe Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A pickup in wage growth and inflation are signs of a healthy economy and at this point are not enough to force the U.S. Federal Reserve to raise rates much more this year than the three times it has been signaling, a top policymaker said on Friday.
Faster economic growth, buoyed by strong financial conditions, global growth and the Trump administration's tax cuts, could mean the Fed raises rates three or four times this year, San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank President John Williams said.
“Both of those possibilities are reasonable to think about, at this point, as options,” he told reporters after a speech here. But he downplayed the likelihood of more aggressive rate hikes.
“The expansion is proceeding at a good pace, unemployment is low, and inflation is finally headed in the right direction again,” said Williams, who votes this year on Fed policy and is said to be under consideration for the position of vice chair under incoming Fed Chair Jerome Powell. “But at the moment, while I'm buoyed by the optimism, I don't see an economy at risk of shifting into overdrive.”
U.S. stocks fell and the 10-year Treasury bond yield rose to its highest level in four years after Friday's strong labor market report and a round of weaker-than-expected earnings from several large companies.
Williams said the rise in bond yields may be a “delayed reaction” to good economic news that he's been seeing for several months now, and said he sees overall financial conditions as still accommodative.
Economic data has strengthened over the last month or two, with a report earlier Friday showing hourly wages rose in January at their fastest pace in more than eight years, and the Atlanta Fed's GDPNow model spitting out a searing estimate Thursday of 5.4 percent growth for the current quarter. Unemployment is at 4.1 percent, lower than most economists think is sustainable in the long run.
Many Fed officials, including Williams, see inflation picking up this year after several years when it lingered below the Fed's 2-percent target. On Friday Williams said wage growth has been “ratcheting up” and is likely to intensify, helping lift inflation along with it.
Still, Williams, in remarks to the Financial Women of San Francisco, said he was pleased by what he termed “healthy growth,” but is neither surprised nor concerned.
“I have boosted my growth forecasts for this year, but I don't see an economy that's fundamentally shifted gear,” he said. “Given that the economy's performing almost exactly as expected, you can expect policymakers to do the same.”
Markets are currently pricing in the same three rate hikes this year that the Fed has forecast.
In a separate event in Austin, Texas, Dallas Fed President Robert Kaplan said that recent strong economic data makes him more confident the Fed should raise rates three times this year.
Williams said he expects the recent tax overhaul to boost economic growth and business investment in the short-term and potentially productivity growth over the longer-term, but said there is little data to go by to estimate the magnitude of those effects.
“I‘m in the wait-and-see mode on this,” he said.
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, gestures to supporters after the first round of 2017 French presidential election at a polling station in Paris, France, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
PARIS Presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron called on all "patriots" to rally behind him against the threat of what he called "nationalists," after qualifying on Sunday for the French election's runoff against far-right leader Marine Le Pen.
"I want to be the president of patriots against the threat of nationalists," the 39-year old centrist told a cheering crowd of supporters.
Macron, whose "En Marche!" party is only one year old and has never taken part in any parliamentary election, also said he would as soon as Monday work on building a parliament majority to be able to govern after legislative elections in June.
"In one year, we have changed the face of French politics," Macron said.
(Reporting by Michel Rose and Mathieu Rosemain; Editing by Ingrid Melander)
The logo of French aircraft seats and equipment manufacturer Zodiac Aerospace is seen during the company's first half of the 2015/2016 fiscal year presentation in Paris, France, April 20, 2016. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier - RTX2ARPF
PARIS Zodiac Aerospace's (ZODC.PA) chief executive has offered his resignation after another profit warning from the French company, which is continuing talks with Safran (SAF.PA) to seal a merger and end a crisis in its aircraft seat factories.
Zodiac said on Friday it had asked Olivier Zarrouati to stay on "for a while" to try to forge the world's third-largest aerospace supplier, but added it was working on an alternative standalone plan in case the Safran merger fell through.
The firms announced a deal for Safran to take control in January, but it ran into criticism over its complex structure, crafted to preserve tax breaks for a group of family shareholders, and new problems at Zodiac's UK plants.
Zodiac has hired a new special board adviser and asked Zarrouati to stay on to finalise and execute the deal "if Safran and Zodiac come to a renewed agreement, which is what we want."
Shares in Zodiac were up 3 percent at 21.48 euros after falling sharply ahead of the results, which were delayed by a week amid speculation that either side could pull out of talks over the merger, which Zarrouati called "our priority scenario".
One analyst said the rally reflected relief among ordinary Zodiac shareholders that the merger plan had not been abandoned and that there would be changes at the top of the company.
Others said another critical factor would be Zodiac's revised medium-term forecasts, whose status remained uncertain.
Zodiac shares remain well below the 29.47 cash offer embedded in the deal, and a bid that initially valued Zodiac at $9 billion (7.02 billion pounds) is certain to fall if it eventually goes ahead.
A financial source said on April 14 Safran was weighing plans to reduce and possibly restructure the offer.
Zodiac on Friday posted a fiscal first-half operating loss of 12 million euros , blamed on its aircraft interiors business, and forecast a 200-220 million euro operating profit for the year to end-August, implying a 26 percent fall from the previous year, whereas in March it had forecast a 10-20 percent decline.
TCI UNHAPPY
Zarrouati, who has given 10 warnings since Zodiac's rapid expansion went wrong but who had been supported by Zodiac's chairman, appears to have realised his position was untenable as new problems arose in recent weeks and voluntarily stood aside.
He said Zodiac had added "an extra layer of caution" to its forecasts and would be able to meet its financial covenants.
But the strongest critic of the deal, UK hedge fund TCI Fund Management, was not convinced.
"These are disastrous results from Zodiac yet again... Zodiac's business continues to implode with no sign of recovery," TCI founder Christopher Hohn said in a statement.
"We think it needs an emergency rights issue, which would cause the Zodiac share price to fall substantially," he added.
Zodiac said it had appointed as its adviser Yann Delabriere, the outgoing president of Faurecia (EPED.PA) who analysts say has helped the French auto seats maker survive the financial crisis and refocus on its core businesses.
TCI, which wants Safran to cancel its proposed offer for Zodiac, called the appointment a "distraction", although some analysts said Delabriere would bring in more industrial clout.
Zodiac is now waiting for Safran's conclusions on a due-diligence exercise, Zarrouati said.
(Additional reporting by Gilles Guillaume, Maiya Keidan; Editing by Andrew Callus/Keith Weir/Alexander Smith)
Rebel Wilson has won her defamation trial v Bauer Media.
The jury returned unanimous verdicts in favour of the actress following a trial that stretched three weeks in Melbourne.
Wilson claimed the magazine publisher painted her as a serial liar in a series of articles, and that it had cost her jobs in Hollywood.
Damages will be assessed at a later date.
(Reuters) - England Lions cricketer Ben Duckett has been suspended from playing in the remainder of the team's training camp in Australia and warned about his conduct after a bar incident last week, the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) said on Sunday.
FILE PHOTO - England v Bangladesh - First One Day International - Sher-e-Bangla Stadium, Dhaka, Bangladesh - 07/10/16. England's Ben Duckett is bowled out during the first One Day International. REUTERS/Cathal McNaughton
England's Ashes tour was plunged into crisis after batsman Duckett was suspended for pouring a drink on a senior England player reported to be paceman James Anderson after an argument in a Perth bar late on Thursday.
The 23-year-old Duckett, who was stood down from an Ashes tour game, was also fined the “maximum allowable amount” for a Lions player. He will remain with the team and return to England at the end of the camp on Dec. 17, ECB said on their website (www.ecb.co.uk).
Earlier, all-rounder Moeen Ali said England's cricketers must improve their off-field behaviour or risk turning a younger generation of players away from the game.
“As professionals - with the young kids watching and hearing all the news, it's very important we are on our best behaviour,” Moeen, who does not drink, told a news conference on Sunday.
“It's important we inspire the younger generation to take up the game. This kind of things possibly can turn them away and that's not what we want. A lot of the families are here now, it's important we focus on the game.”
Cricket - England Nets - Brightside Ground, Bristol, Britain - September 23, 2017 England's Moeen Ali during nets Action Images via Reuters/Peter Cziborra
The behaviour of England players has come under scrutiny after all-rounder Ben Stokes was left out of the tour after he and teammate Alex Hales were arrested following an incident outside a Bristol nightclub in September.
Australia batsman Cameron Bancroft said England wicketkeeper Jonny Bairstow had given him a friendly headbutt in a Perth bar before the series but both men played down the row.
England coach Trevor Bayliss described Duckett's actions as “not acceptable” on Saturday and expressed his frustration at having to constantly explain the off-field behaviour of his players to the media.
”Trevor Bayliss, Andrew Strauss and all the guys who get most of the flak for it... you feel for them,“ Moeen added. ”We're all grown men and we should know how to behave.
“Through county cricket all the way up to international cricket, the individual needs to be responsible. Off-field behaviour needs to improve and we all know that.”
The third Ashes test starts on Thursday in Perth with England down 2-0 and hoping to avoid another humiliating whitewash.
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (AP) — Sharon McGee never believed her father when he said her mother accidentally shot herself to death while threatening suicide 30 years ago.
So late last year, she confronted her father, James O'Neil, and demanded the truth. Her father told her a story vastly different than the one he told her — and detectives — decades ago.
According to court documents, O'Neil told his daughter her mother was threatening to kill herself. She pulled out a gun and he wrested it away from her. Verna O'Neil then said she wanted to die and her husband responded: “Let me show you how it's done” and pulled the trigger.
McGee kept her father's confession a secret for several months before going to police earlier this year, according to court documents. On Thursday, O'Neil, now 83, was charged with manslaughter. He was released Friday on $50,000 bail.
His attorney, Michael Salnick, did not return a phone call seeking comment.
According to an arrest affidavit written by Palm Beach County sheriff's Detective Paige McCann, Verna O'Neil died on July 23, 1987, from a gunshot to her face. She was 50.
James O'Neil told investigators that night that he and his wife had been arguing over her excessive drinking and his burnt dinner. He told them she was sitting on the couch when she pulled their handgun, a .357 Magnum, from beneath the cushion. He jumped on her to try to pull the revolver away and in the ensuing struggle it went off, killing her.
Sheriff's investigators classified her death as a suicide. It remained that way until McGee went to the sheriff's office in February.
She told detectives she was 28 when her mother died and had never believed her father's story. Last October, she said, she confronted him. He told McGee he had wrested the gun from her mother and then asked his wife what she wanted, according to court documents. He told McGee her mother replied that she wanted to die, so he said, “Let me show you how it's done.”
He told McGee he pried back the hammer, pointed the gun at her and pulled the trigger, but insisted the shooting was an accident, according to court documents. He told her to keep it a secret, sending her a text message that evening, “I'm believing that you will sleep much better tonight, Love Dad.”
Four months later, McGee went to the sheriff's office.
During two interviews with McCann in April, O'Neil told the detective that after threatening suicide, his wife had handed him the gun without a struggle. He said as he held it, the gun went off accidentally. He told McCann the gun had a hair trigger, meaning it could fire with a light pull, but tests performed in 1987 showed the gun required normal trigger pressure to fire.
McGee did not return a phone message left at a number listed for her.
BRASILIA Brazilian fresh beef exports fell 2 percent in March from a year ago, according to Trade Ministry data, although a government official said the drop was not due to a scandal last month involving alleged corruption by sanitation inspectors.
Brazilian beef exports totaled $404 million last month, the ministry said in a statement on Monday. Pork exports jumped 39 percent to $138 million while chicken exports rose 12 percent to $571 million.
Export prices rose for all three types of meat between 10 percent and 44 percent on an annual basis, helping to compensate an overall fall in shipment volumes in March, according to ministry data.
The steepest volume drop was for beef, which slumped 11.3 percent to 98,200 tons last month in annual terms. Chicken volumes fell 6.8 percent and pork was down 3.35 percent.
Police have accused more than 100 people, mostly inspectors, of taking bribes in exchange for allowing the sale of rancid products, falsifying export documents or failing to inspect meatpacking plants.
The data indicate the continuing investigation of Brazilian food inspectors, which sparked a series of temporary import bans against meat products from Brazil, did not disrupt exports as severely as initially feared.
The ministry official said after "a brief scare" in the fourth week of March, when there was a drop in average daily meat exports, shipments have normalized, adding that Brazil sold meat products to 137 countries last month.
"The government acted fast and the markets remained open," Herlon Brandão, director of export statistics at the ministry, told reporters after figures were released.
The drop in exported beef volumes is a continuing trend as countries such as Egypt stopped importing from Brazil for reasons unrelated to the scandal, he said.
On March 17, an investigation of government sanitation authorities that also implicated meat-packers such as BRF SA (BRFS3.SA) and JBS SA (JBSS3.SA), prompted large buyers such as China and Hong Kong to ban Brazil's meat products temporarily.
JBS and BRF have denied any wrongdoing.
Last week, a top European Union health official said Brazil needed independent controls over its meat industry, adding that increased European checks on Brazilian meat imports would not be removed soon.
Prosecutors have yet to present charges in the bribery investigation and the police allegations have not been proven.
(Reporting by Silvio Cascione; Writing by Ana Mano; Editing by Daniel Flynn and Bill Trott)
Emergency Health Services talks about how first responders dealt with this ‘mass casualty event'
More than a dozen ambulances raced to a Delta farm this weekend, as B.C. Emergency Health Services responded to one of their biggest calls of the year in the region.
It's what the agency calls a “mass casualty event,” with dozens of potential victims, some in serious to critical condition. More than 40 people were taken to hospital for carbon monoxide poisoning after they'd been power-washing a greenhouse.
Despite the confusion at the start as to what exactly happened, the response was “very, very well executed,” BCEHS executive vice president Linda Lupini told Black Press.
“The call came in … as symptoms that the patients thought were related to cleaning fluids: itchy, stinging eyes, dizziness and not feeling well generally.”
READ: Ambulances added, paramedic house calls expanding
The 911 dispatcher ran the caller through a series of questions prompted by the medical dispatch priority system, a computer program that tells dispatchers what questions to ask based on the answers they input.
“They're trained to use a system because human judgment in those situations is important, but in a secondary way,” said Lupini. “This computer system is better than most individuals.”
Dispatchers still have access to about 30 on-call doctors around B.C., as well as an advanced care paramedic sitting in on the call.
‘Well executed response'
In a press release issued by the company on Dec. 10, Windset farms said workers were disinfecting the greenhouse with gas-powered pressure washers in preparation for the new crop, something that happens annually at this time of the year and which the company says is considered standard practice in the industry.
When the first employee reported a feeling of being unwell, the on-site health and safety team took immediate steps to evacuation of the greenhouse, called for emergency support, and began triaging those most affected.
The first emergency responder sent to the Delta farm was a technical advisor who assessed the scene, Lupini said. They, as well as all other paramedics, are equipped with carbon monoxide monitors that begin to buzz when entering a contaminated area.
Thirteen ambulances were deployed. Paramedics assessed 10 patients in critical condition, and 32 in stable condition. Then, they began looking for hospitals to take the unexpected influx, as well as determining the most efficient means of transportation.
Ambulances respond to a site in northern Coquitlam to take a rescued dog walker to hospital. (Katya Slepian/Black Press)
“In this case, it was clear that most of the patients weren't severely impacted, so they were put into a bus with four paramedics, some equipment, and then paramedics following the bus,” said Lupini.
The bus delivered patients to hospitals throughout the Lower Mainland: Surrey Memorial, Royal Columbian, Burnaby Hospital, Lionsgate and Vancouver General.
The most severe cases went to the closest hospitals that could treat them: Delta Hospital and Richmond General. Most hospitals can provide the oxygen needed to treat carbon monoxide poisoning, but not all have hyperbaric chambers for the follow-up appointments that the most severely affected patients will need.
“That chamber is pressurized in such a way that massive amounts of oxygen go through your system and replace the carbon monoxide in your body,” said Lupini.
Carbon monoxide poisoning prevents oxygen from circulating properly. The initial symptoms are often flu-like; nausea, headaches, light-headedness. Left untreated, the lack of oxygen will start affected organ functions which can lead to seizures and a coma.
In a press release, Windset Farms it will ensure its workers receive whatever follow-up care they require over the coming days and weeks, adding it's people and their health and safety in the workplace is the company's top priority.
The farm will be reviewing the incident and considering what changes to its protocols are needed, as well as “working with both public and private agencies to fully understand and further strengthen our response and programs.”
“We are grateful to our site management, our health and safety officer, and our first responders for taking immediate steps to ensure everyone's safety.”
BCEHS Director of Patient Care for Vancouver Samantha Wilbur explains the paramedic expertise and high degree of coordination with other agencies involved in dealing with the mass casualty chemical incident yesterday at a Delta farm. pic.twitter.com/KX5vgq1utu — EmergHealthServices (@BC_EHS) December 11, 2017
Paramedics can fall pray to carbon monoxide poisoning too and are required to take a high-risk hazards course and come equipped with personal protective gear. The course also prepares paramedics for other hazardous substances, such as fentanyl, although Lupini said there's been no recorded instances of that, despite widespread concern.
“The training teaches front-line paramedics not to just run into a scene and not to assume.”
@katslepian
katya.slepian@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla., March 31 Elon Musk's SpaceX on Thursday salvaged half of the $6 million nosecone of its rocket, in what the space entrepreneur deemed an important feat in the drive to recover more of its launch hardware and cut the cost of space flights.
Shortly after the main section of SpaceX's first recycled Falcon 9 booster landed itself on a platform in the ocean, half of the rocket's nosecone, which protected a communications satellite during launch, splashed down via parachute nearby.
"That was the cherry on the cake,” Musk, who serves as chief executive and lead designer of Space Exploration Technologies, told reporters after launch from NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida.
Measuring 43 feet (13 meters) long and 17 feet (5 meters) in diameter, the nosecone is big enough to hold a school bus. It separates into two pieces, exposing the satellite, about 4 minutes after liftoff.
As a test, SpaceX outfitted the fairing with thrusters and a steerable parachute.
"It's its own little spacecraft,” Musk said. “The thrusters maintain its orientation as it re-enters and then ... the parachute steers it to a particular location.”
SpaceX has focused most of its efforts and more than $1 billion into developing technologies to recover the Falcon 9's main section, which accounts for about 75 percent of the $62 million rocket. Musk's goal is to cut the cost of spaceflight so that humanity can migrate beyond Earth.
"I hope people will start to think about it as a real goal to establish a civilization on Mars,” he said.
LANDING ON 'BOUNCY CASTLE'
After some debate about whether the nosecone could be recovered, Musk said he told his engineering team, “Imagine you had $6 million in cash on a pallet flying through the air that's just going to smash into the ocean. Would you try to recover that? Yes, you would.”
Musk envisions deploying a kind of “bouncy castle” for the fairing to land on so it can be recovered intact and reused.
The company plans up to six more flights of recycled boosters this year, including two that will strap alongside a third, new first-stage for the debut test flight of a heavy-lift rocket.
Originally slated to fly in 2013, Falcon Heavy is now expected to fly late this summer.
"At first it sounded easy. We'll just take two first stages and use them as strap-on boosters,” Musk said. “It was actually shockingly difficult to go from single core to a triple-core vehicle.”
Privately owned SpaceX also is developing a commercial space taxi to fly astronauts to the International Space Station, a venture to send two space tourists on a trip around the moon and a Mars lander that is slated to launch in 2020. (Reporting by Irene Klotz; Editing by Joe White and Mary Milliken)
This story is about Published 5m
Ex-NFL scout: Beating Aaron Rodgers will come down to this Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Louis DeLuca/Staff Photographer Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers (12) calls time out in the fourth quarter as Dallas Cowboys middle linebacker Anthony Hitchens (59) watches during the Green Bay Packers vs. the Dallas Cowboys NFL football playoff game at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas on Sunday, January 15, 2017. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
By SportsDayDFW.com Contact SportsDayDFW.com on Twitter: @SportsDayDFW
Bryan Broaddus, DallasCowboys.com writer and former NFL personnel man, joined The Shan & RJ Show on 105.3 The Fan [KRLD-FM] on Thursday to talk all things Dallas Cowboys ahead of the team's Sunday night showdown vs. the New York Giants. Here are some of the highlights: How will the Cowboys be able to attack Aaron Rodgers?
Bryan Broaddus: This game is going to come down to discipline, and I don't know if the Cowboys defensively have enough discipline to play in this game. You have to be able to keep him in the pocket, make him play backwards. You've got guys like Russell Wilson, guys that get on the outside and work towards the line of scrimmage, eyes down the field. That's where Rodgers really hurts you - he escapes. Now you're in chase mode, you're not only chasing him, but you're chasing receivers, you're chasing tight ends, you're chasing backs. That's where I talk about the discipline, because the discipline comes from, "OK, I'm not going to drop coverage here. I've got to stay with my man no matter what happens." We've seen with the Cowboys, when things do break down a little bit, we've seen them have some busts in the secondary. It might be a little bit because of some of the young guys in the secondary that are having to play. I'm not saying it's all the young guys, but if you don't have the discipline to play against the Packers, it's hard to defend them.
Chidobe Awuzie wants you to know something about his matchup with Aaron Rodgers
Last year, you had the discipline. You were able to force him to have to play backwards a little bit, and you did a nice job in coverage. Rod Marinelli's just going to rush three in this game, and then clog, and see if they can make him check it down or hold him in the pocket, but I promise you guys the ball's going to come out quick because he understands the condition of his offensive line. This is not one of the best guys in the league to blitz. How do you see the matchup of the beat up Packers offensive line against the Cowboys defensive line? How are the Packers offensive line health-wise?
Bryan Broaddus: Well the great equalizer is their quarterback. He can make any bad, banged up offensive line be one of the best teams in the National Football League. That's the problem the Cowboys are going to face this week. David Bakhtiari and Bryan Bulaga, the tackles have missed some time. They've moved Lane Taylor, he's normally their guard, he played left tackle the other day against the Bears. They've got guys that are kind of playing in different spots, but if you have a quarterback that has an ability to release the football, get rid of it, read, know pre-snap where he's going to go and take advantage of you, that's just the great equalizer. You have to find ways to hold up on the outside, and these receivers make it difficult to do so because they run quick routes. They know how to separate in order to buy space. They're on the same page as their quarterback. This team doesn't run the football very well, and that's a product probably of the offensive line, but again the other factor you have to deal with is the quarterback. He's one of the best that's ever played, and that makes it very, very difficult to have to slow down their offense. What is the best thing that the Packers defense does overall, and what would you say is their weakness? Bryan Broaddus: Well their weakness is they don't really know what their going to do in their secondary right now. That's been the big issue right there. They've got a lot of guys that have been nicked up as well. Davon House, a cornerback, has had a hamstring problem. Quinten Rollins has been hurt; he's their nickel guy, he hasn't really played great. They use their safeties in coverage... They've given up some big plays that way. That's been a real problem for them. They tend to give up plays on crossing routes, things where they're on the move. They just haven't defended those well. If you block their front, then you can make some plays on the secondary. When you go back and watch the playoff game from last year, Terrance Williams had a huge game against them; a huge game of getting open. I think he has a real feel for how to play in these games and how to escape. Keep an eye on him this game. Cole Beasley as well. Last year, they didn't match well against Beasley covering in the slot. They lost Micah Hyde who was a guy that was kind of able to control Cole Beasley in some of those games that they've played before.
Who is the real Cole Beasley? How family reconciles Cowboys WR with the dad, son, hunter off the field
The strength of their defense though is they do have some good inside players. Kenny Clark is a good inside player. He'll play the nose. We'll see it a lot like what the Rams did. If Mike Daniels plays in this game, that'll be another good matchup. The strength of their defense is between Clark and Daniels, and then the weakness is the secondary. How confident are you that the Cowboys offensive line can play that much better, or do you think that this is kind of what we're going to get throughout the year? Bryan Broaddus: I think they're going to play better. I think a lot of the struggles they've had are about the defenses they've played faced and the quality of the opponents that they've faced. I think this offensive line has been much maligned because of the standard on them is so high to begin with. I do really believe that a lot of the fronts that they've had to play have affected the start of this team, and what we think about them offensively. Lee and Hitchens, what do you think their statuses are? Bryan Broaddus: I think that if Sean Lee is limited today, I don't think he's going to play in this football game. Now we'll see what today brings. I think Anthony Hitchens will start for Lee in this football game. It depends on what they want to do, but I think their base might look a little different. I don't think they were very happy with the way that Damien Wilson played the other day, so you might get some Kyle Wilber as that Sam backer.It looks like Hitchens would take the spot of Lee if he's unable to go in this game, and they'll keep Jaylon Smith at middle linebacker. Do you expect Jourdan Lewis to start over Nolan Carroll? Bryan Broaddus: No, I think Anthony Brown will start. He's been the starter at left cornerback since Nolan Carroll's been out. They use Jourdan Lewis in the nickel and the dime stuff. He's still really the third guy. Scandrick will start at the right corner, Brown will start at the left corner, and Lewis will be your nickel, dime player. Now you have to figure out is Carroll or (Bene)Benwikere your guy for that fourth spot if they need one. How have the Cowboys done blocking Clay Matthews in the past? Bryan Broaddus: Well it's usually Tyron Smith, and when you get him in the middle of the defense you're going to get some type of game. They're trying to get him away from Tyron at all costs. He's going to rush off what would be the Packers' right side, the Cowboys' left side, but they've done a nice job of handling him. They've run the ball at him before with some success. You have to watch him moving around because I promise you when you see No.52 in the middle of their defense, they're going to run some kind of twist stunt to get him home. You're going to get some kind of game in the middle to free him up and attack from the middle of the pocket. Is Clay Matthews a good or great player? Bryan Broaddus: I think at one time Clay Matthews was a great player. I don't know if necessarily he is now. He's had some games where he's been a dominant rusher. He's had some games where he's been very, very quiet. They've had some problems the last couple of years with the inside linebackers, and they moved him inside, and that just totally took him out of his element. I think early in his career he was a great player. Right now I do think he's a player you have to account for, but I don't think it's one of those things where you think, OK, we've got to take care of him every single time. You can win a lot of one-on-one blocks with him. Early in his career, that was a little more problematic for opponents. --Download the full interview here.
THERE are good laws and there are good laws but implementation is always the area where well written laws go down the drain. That is why some veteran legislators would always say, “let us introduce a sunset provision” to deal with unintended consequences. Others call it phase in, phase out. While some would insist in having an oversight committee to see through implementation. People in the executive branch would tinker with intent via implementing rules and regulations (IRR) just so they are able to rectify issues at the policy and implementation levels. The drafting of the IRR is the surest way to amend a law.
Policy wonks, analysts and keen students of public policy understand the value of transitions in order to manage implementation and ensure the viability, sustainability and stability of policy implementation. Models are debatable. Ensuring models are implementable is a function of transition policy. Hence, considering “what transition policy would be optimal, it is useful to assume that a transition policy under consideration is both known by all concerned ex ante, at the time various investment decisions are made, and will be implemented ex post.” Transitions are all about managing risk and mitigating externalities. Set them aside and failure is certain.
Last August 2, 2016, Pampanga Rep. Aurelio “Dong” Gonzales, Jr. and ABS-PL party-list Eugene Michael de Vera, filed proposed Joint Resolution No. 8, constituting the Senate and the House of Representatives into a constituent assembly, to propose revisions to the Constitution by adopting a federal form of government. The proposed resolution had an annex, a draft federal constitution, 79 pages long, where the existing regions under the present unitary system were just converted into federal regions. Easy work but fraught with dire consequences.
Before talking of models, there are principles that should be agreed upon in a federal debate. One is economic viability and sustainability. We just cannot fail and then say to all that federalism is a failure, so we go back to unitary. Those opting for autonomy are just engaging in double talk. There is ARMM and CAR. ARMM has undergone several amendments and after 30 years, it has not fulfilled its promise and some provinces of ARMM remain one of the poorest in the country. CAR, on the other hand failed to pass the double majority requirement of the Supreme Court. That ruling has a long-term impact, even with our march to federalism. It will ensure that the country will not be dismembered because everyone will have a say if an area of the Republic wants to secede.
The Local Government Code (RA 7160 s 1991), ARMM (RA No. 6734 s 1989 and succeeding amendments) and CAR (RA No. 6766 s 1989) are evidence of the inutility of our unitary system. ARMM and CAR are constitutionally mandated and yet 28 years after, these provinces remain poor. The Local Government Code would have been a living document had Congress performed its task per Section 521 on the mandatory review every five years and for the past 26 years, no amendment has been made, not even the lessons learned were incorporated. Worse, health has been a devolved function since 1991 without the concomitant budget and yet the budget of the Department of Health continues to grow year-to-year since 1991. And with all these evidence, some quarters are still saying, autonomy is the way to go. How can that be when we already had 30 years of the LGC and decentralization?
The LGC would have been successful had we achieved administrative (deconcentration, delegation and devolution), economic and fiscal decentralization. After 30 years, we have not achieved these because the system will just not allow it. If we are willing to give decentralization 30 years and it has not changed the lot of those under the poverty threshold, what can 12 years of transition to federal do?
We cannot have an overnight federal PH. It just won't work. That is the surest recipe for disaster. Three important principles and phases are important in shifting to federal: start with bigger areas than the region to enhance economic viability and economies of scale (Phase I). Twinning should be mandated so that the poorest regions are assisted by the most economically viable regions (Phase II). Federal formation must come from below and not mandated by the national for it to work (Phase III).
Only three regions can stand by themselves financially: NCR, Central Luzon and Calabarzon. So, we must go Luzon, Visayas, Mindanao and NCR as the first federated areas for six years. This way, it does not shock the system and we are assured that federalism will succeed. Then we pursue twinning as a second phase. Twinning is like sisterhood pacts but with added directed function, nurturing economic viability of the poorest regions. Hence, in the first six years, transition work requires NCR and ARMM, Central Luzon and the Cordillera Administrative Region (CAR), and Calabarzon and Eastern Visayas to work together. The poorest regions learning from the economically viable ones from exchange of manpower, technologies and knowhow. On the seventh year, parliament should then pass an accession law where regions in the federated islands will now file a petition for the creation of federated regions. On the 12th year upon the passage of a Federal Constitution, a Federal Philippines gains traction.
Let us never forget why we want to shift to federal. It is not about models, forms and organizations and elections. It is about people and how their lives will change. Will it mean a better future for Filipinos? A better economic future? Will it be sustainable? What are your metrics? Or are we merely focused on political power forgetting that economic power has been the root cause of our remaining feudal? A wise man once said: “An empty stomach is not a good political advisor.”
Intelligent, Leeds based business transfer agents, has recently expanded its operation from just 40 employees 12 months ago to over 80 this month, with plans to hire a further 15.
Sean Mallon, MD at Intelligent
Contact
Megan Holmes
***@intelligent.co.uk Megan Holmes
End
-- Leeds headquartered Intelligent has expanded its operations following 110% growth in completed business sales and a record number of instructions.Intelligent approaches its 10th Anniversary as market leader in facilitating the sale of small to medium enterprises as well as larger corporate transactions through its Intelligent Corporate division.The new location at Rose Wharf, Leeds is regarded as one of the most important and symbolic landmarks of the city's regeneration project. The extensively refurbished Grade II listed building provides a professional, open-plan working environment to further enhance the unparalleled client focus from the expanding multidiscipline team.The new office will serve as the headquarters for over 80 Intelligent team members to facilitate growth and market dominance.Intelligent continues to invest heavily in its client-focused teams, technology and systems to ensure the best possible results for clients. This, coupled with a marketing partnership with Rightmove, has helped deliver over 3,000 potential new buyers each week.These record results were recognised by the business winning a PWC Fast Growth Business Award.Commenting on the above, Sean Mallon, Managing Director and Founder of Intelligent, said: "I'm thrilled to report our most successful set of results, with a record number of deals completed and new instructions. As a result, we've hired new professionals to manage the increasing demand from UK business owners wishing to sell or buy a business. Our new premises will allow all functions to communicate effectively delivering maximum results for each and every client."Intelligent is unrivalled in the sale and purchase of privately owned SME's such as Convenience Stores and Hotels, whilst Intelligent Corporate focuses on owner operated companies valued from £0.5million to £10million. The operational business is divided into key sectors, offering market leading advice for both buyers and sellers. Intelligent have developed their business through using bespoke, market leading technology and employing a dedicated, professional team. The company provides a complete sale management service for hardworking business owners looking to exit their business, or aspiring business owners; from first time buyers to experienced investors.To find out more please visit our website at www.intelligent.co.uk For further information, please contact Megan Holmes at IntelligentTel: 0800 612 7718 Email: megan.holmes@ intelligent.co.uk
NEW YORK A unit of a large China-based semiconductor investment fund has agreed to acquire U.S. semiconductor testing company Xcerra Corp (XCRA.O) for $580 million in cash, the companies said on Monday.
The move comes after the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), a government panel that reviews acquisitions by foreign entities for potential national security risks, has cracked down on technology deals related to the semiconductor industry.
Chinese suitors have faced intense scrutiny from regulators in their pursuit of U.S. chipmakers, resulting in some failed deals in recent years.
The buyer is Unic Capital Management, a subsidiary of Sino IC Capital that was founded last year, according to the news release. Sino IC Capital was established in August 2014 and has approximately RMB 138.7 billion ($20.9 billion) in funds under management to invest in the semiconductor space.
Xcerra, based in Norwood, Massachusetts, designs and manufactures equipment to test semiconductors and circuit boards. It does not make semiconductors, according to the news release.
The deal is subject to CFIUS approval and is expected to close by the end of the year.
"Sino IC Capital and Xcerra will work closely together with regulators, in an open and transparent manner, as they evaluate the merits of the transaction," Jun Lu, president of Sino IC Capital, said in a statement.
Unic is paying $10.25 per share in cash for Xcerra. Xcerra shares were trading at $9.69 at midday on Monday, up about 8 percent. That was still below Unic's offer price, which indicates some market skepticism about the deal closing.
Xcerra is able to seek other buyers for next 35 days in a so-called go-shop provision of the merger agreement.
Xcerra was advised by Cowen and Company LLC and Latham & Watkins LLP. Sinoc IC was advised by Grant Thornton International and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati.
WELLINGTON Wallabies flyhalf Bernard Foley has overcome concussion symptoms and been cleared to play for the New South Wales Waratahs on Friday as they try to get their Super Rugby season back on track against the Wellington Hurricanes.
Foley missed the Waratahs' first four games before returning to face the Melbourne Rebels two weeks ago. However, the symptoms reappeared and he missed last Sunday's 41-22 loss to the Canterbury Crusaders.
"Bernard has been given the clearance after further expert reviews, including a review with neurologist, and treatment over the course of the last week," Waratahs coach Daryl Gibson said in a statement on Wednesday.
Foley's fellow Wallabies back Rob Horne has been withdrawn from the side due to a hamstring injury after initially being named to start in the centres. Israel Folau, therefore, returns to the number 13 jersey with Bryce Hegarty in at fullback.
Hulking winger Taqele Naiyaravoro has also earned his first start of the season after a barnstorming performance against the Crusaders when he ran over the top of George Bridge to score.
There will be no clash of giants on the wing, however, as the Hurricanes' Julian Savea has been rested for Friday's match at Wellington Regional Stadium.
Vince Aso, the competition's top try-scorer with seven, has also been rested, allowing Cory Jane to make his first appearance this season while Wes Goosen gets his first start.
"If you look at Julian and Vince, they've both started all five matches so far, so its a chance for them to freshen up, but equally it gives Cory and Wes an opportunity," Hurricanes' coach Chris Boyd said.
"At the end of the day we have faith in the depth in our squad, so whoever runs out there were confident they'll do the job. It's a long season and you need to utilise your whole squad."
The Hurricanes will again be without All Blacks hooker Dane Coles, who has failed to recover from a knee injury.
Loose forward Ardie Savea was not considered after he sustained a calf injury in their 34-15 win over the Queensland Reds.
The Hurricanes, last year's winners, are looming again as one of the competition favourites and have 20 points from five matches.
The Waratahs have just eight points after six games but have the benefit of playing in a poorly-performing Australian conference and remain in the playoff hunt, though they must start picking up points to stay in contention.
(Reporting by Greg Stutchbury; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
MADRID No longer the flying winger of old, Cristiano Ronaldo showed his transformation to deadly centre forward has been completed to perfection as he netted a superb hat-trick in Real Madrid's 3-0 Champions League win over Atletico Madrid on Tuesday.
The Portuguese forward, who also scored a treble in the quarter-final against Bayern Munich at the Santiago Bernabeu, and five goals across that tie, is revelling in the central striker's role he has adopted this season.
He was picked alongside Karim Benzema up front in Tuesday's first-leg clash and produced a performance that marked him out as arguably the world's best number nine, despite being a recent convert to the position.
While the 32-year-old's critics point out he has lost some of his pace and the dribbling ability that allowed him to terrorise fullbacks in the past, the forward proved again that he remains as deadly as ever inside the area.
Tuesday's treble took his tally for Real Madrid to 399 goals in 389 games, although the forward claims he scored another in 2010 that was officially awarded to defender Pepe.
“I am very happy for the goals and for reaching 400 goals with Real Madrid,” said Ronaldo, including the disputed effort.
“We have to congratulate the whole team, we were tremendous. It fell to me to score the goals. We played well from start to finish and the goals came naturally.”
As well as a positional switch, Ronaldo has had to deal this season with being rotated by French coach Zinedine Zidane, who has dropped the Portuguese for some of the team's away trips to keep him fresh for the big occasions.
This has paid dividends with Ronaldo netting eight times in his last three Champions League games and overtaking Alfredo di Stefano as the all-time top scorer in European Cup semi-finals with 13.
“He has the instinct for goals, he's unique,” said Zidane. “Sometimes he needs to rest and he knows that because he's intelligent.”
Barring a miracle comeback by Atletico in the second leg Ronaldo will spearhead his team in the final in Cardiff on June 3, with the Portuguese looking in perfect shape to add a fourth Champions League medal to his collection.
(Editing by Toby Davis)
March 30 Faes Farma SA:
* Sees net profit growth of between 10 percent and 13 percent in FY 2017, to between 40 million euros ($43.0 million) and 41 million euros
* Sees EBITDA growth of between 2.8 percent and 6.5 percent in FY 2017, to between 55 million euros and 57 million euros
* Sees revenue growth of between 3.2 percent and 4.5 percent in FY 2017, to between 236 million euros and 239 million euros
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9312 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
BRIEF-Tanvex BioPharma plans new issuance for working capital supplement
* Says it plans to issue about 23 million new shares of its common stock
(Reuters Health) - For people with type 2 diabetes, maintaining good blood sugar control in the years after receiving a coronary artery stent is associated with a lower risk of heart attack and stroke, according to a recent study.
“Although intensive glucose control had no benefit on the rate of major cardiovascular events in previous studies, our data suggest that strict glucose control after PCI (heart catheterization) can improve long-term clinical outcomes in diabetic patients,” Dr. Joo-Yong Hahn from Samsung Medical Center in Seoul told Reuters Health.
Heart disease is the major cause of death among people with type 2 diabetes, Hahn's team writes in Circulation: Cardiovascular Interventions. Although intensive blood sugar control is known to reduce damage to tiny blood vessels that are involved in many of the nerve and circulatory effects of diabetes, it's not clear if the same is true for major arteries such as the ones that carry blood to the heart.
The researchers studied 980 patients with type 2 diabetes who had undergone percutaneous cardiac intervention (PCI) to clear a blocked coronary artery and place a supportive mesh tube known as a stent. Hahn's team followed the patients' health for up to seven years.
They looked at long-term blood sugar control using a measurement known as hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c or A1C), and used it to compare the patients' risks of death, heart attack, repeat catheterizations and stroke over the study period.
The researchers defined good control as an A1C score below 7.0 and poor control as A1C of 7.0 or higher. Then they matched patients according to other risk factors and ended up with 322 pairs of patients for comparison.
In the overall group of 980 patients, the risk of all bad outcomes was 25 percent lower with good blood glucose control than with poor blood glucose control.
In the matched comparison, some 37 percent of patients with poor control had bad outcomes (heart attack, stroke, and so on) over the next seven years, versus less than 28 percent of patients with good control. Most of the difference in bad outcomes between the groups resulted from a higher rate of repeat stenting in the group with poor blood glucose control.
“PCI is not the end of treatment for coronary artery disease,” Hahn said by email. “Optimal medical treatment, including glycemic control, is a cornerstone therapy after PCI,” he said.
“The effects of glucose control in type 2 diabetes may differ according to patient characteristics, such as recent cardiovascular events, baseline glycemic control status and duration of diabetes,” Hahn added.
The researchers write that more study is needed before they can conclude strict glucose control after stenting will improve long-term clinical outcomes in people with diabetes.
It's important to underscore the message of good glycemic control, said Dr. Azfar G. Zaman from Newcastle University in the UK. He was not involved in the study but has done similar research. “In patients with PCI there is evidence to support better outcomes and need for fewer interventions,” Zaman said by email.
“This is a single center study with limited numbers, but the findings support data from other studies,” he noted.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2pjU0al Circulation: Cardiovascular Interventions, online April 3, 2017.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
March 28 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
- President Trump on Monday named Makan Delrahim, a former government antitrust enforcer and corporate lobbyist, to lead the Justice Department's review of mergers and acquisitions. nyti.ms/2nuIg2G
- Carl Icahn, a billionaire investor and an unpaid adviser to President Trump, has been pulled into a high-profile insider trading trial taking place in federal court in Manhattan. nyti.ms/2nuIvuC
- Saudi Arabia announced a sharp tax cut for its state oil company Saudi Arabian Oil Co IPO-ARMO.SE on Monday, part of an effort to make it more appealing to international investors in preparation for its promised initial public offering. nyti.ms/2nGAKCA
- American Airlines is set to become the second big carrier in the United States to buy its way into capturing more of the big and growing business of flying to China. China Southern, the biggest airline in China, said on Tuesday morning in Hong Kong that it had reached a deal to sell a $200 million minority stake to American as the airlines move forward with a strategic cooperation. nyti.ms/2nGw27A
(Compiled by Parikshit Mishra in Bengaluru)
TAIPEI, March 31 Fubon's Financial Holding Co Ltd said its life insurance unit plans to sell its entire stake in Dutch insurer Delta Lloyd NV with an estimated loss at about 90 million euros ($96.15 million).
The company made the announcement late on Thursday. No further details were immediately available.
Delta Lloyd, which is being bought by larger peer NN Group , in February missed market forecasts for its full-year profit and said its solvency had fallen towards the bottom of its target range. ($1 = 0.9361 euros) (Reporting by Faith Hung; Editing by Stephen Coates)
April 28 Jiangsu Zhangjiagang Rural Commercial Bank Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 5 percent to 14 percent, or to be 350 million yuan to 380 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (333.2 million yuan)
* Comments that increased sales is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/7r3N4o
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 28 Twitter Inc
* Twitter Inc - CEO Jack Dorsey reports purchase of 574,002 shares of co's stock on April 28 at $16.6218/share - SEC filing
* Twitter Inc - CEO Jack Dorsey held 16,042,428 shares of co's common stock at end of the transaction
* Twitter Inc - CEO Jack Dorsey purchased the co's 574,002 shares in multiple transactions at prices ranging from $16.47 to $16.74 per share Source text: (bit.ly/2pdKK6n) Further company coverage:
ZURICH May 3 The Swiss blue-chip SMI was seen opening 0.15 percent higher at 8,881 points on Wednesday, according to premarket indications by bank Julius Baer.
The following are some of the main factors expected to affect Swiss stocks.
SWISSCOM
The state-controlled Swiss telecommunications company said on Wednesday that first-quarter net profit rose 2.5 percent, beating expectations of analysts who had predicted a decline, as it continued cost-cutting in its home market and got help from its growing Italian business.
For more click
LAFARGEHOLCIM
The biggest maker of building materials returned to a profit in the first quarter, posting net income of 226 million Swiss francs ($228.01 million), and said it was on track to achieve its guidance in 2017 and 2018.
For more click
COMPANY STATEMENTS
* Schmolz & Bickenbach said first-quarter sales rose 17.2 percent to 707.6 million euros ($773.69 million)and forecast normalization of markets to continue until mid-year, with little visibility thereafter.
* OC Oerlikon said it bought an advanced materials solutions provider in California, called Scoperta, without disclosing the price.
* Cosmo Pharmaceuticals N.V. said it has launched Eleview for use in gastrointestinal endoscopic procedures in the United States.
* Roche said it had received FDA approval for its complementary PD-L1 (SP263) biomarker test in urothelial carcinoma.
* Schaffner said its board named a new chief executive officer, Marc Aeschlimann, to start on Nov. 1.
* Panalpina said it has acquired a transport company in Kenya that is specialised in flowers and vegetables. Panalpina also said it has acquired Carelog, a Danish freight forwarding and logistics company
* Kudelski SA said it is acquiring Digital Video Norge AS (DVnor) to extend its position in digital content management and distribution.
* Valiant Holding AG said group profit in the first quarter rose by 1.8 percent year-on-year to 23.8 million Swiss francs.
ECONOMY
($1 = 0.9912 Swiss francs) ($1 = 0.9146 euros) (Reporting by Zurich newsroom)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
FILE PHOTO: The headquarters of independent watchmaker Breitling are pictured in La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland, May 26, 2016. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: The logo of Swiss watch manufacturer Breitling is seen at a store in Zurich, Switzerland October 26, 2016. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A Breitling Navitimer 01 watch is displayed at the Baselworld watch and jewellery fair in Basel, Switzerland March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo
LONDON CVC Capital Partners [CVC.UL] has agreed to take control of Swiss watchmaker Breitling in a deal that sees another iconic Swiss brand lose independence.
The deal announced on Friday values the business at more than 800 million euros (66.91 million pounds), one source close to the matter told Reuters, and will give CVC an 80 percent stake while Theodore Schneider will reinvest for a 20 percent shareholding.
Breitling, founded in 1884 by Leon Breitling, is known for precision chronometers often favoured by aviators, with prices starting at around 2,500 Swiss francs ($2,526).
The famous Swiss watchmaker's loss of independence continues a trend that has seen rival Tag Heuer sold to LVMH (LVMH.PA), while Swatch Group (UHR.S) controls high-end brands such as Tissot, Omega and Longines.
(Reporting By Pamela Barbaglia; Editing by David Goodman)
March 31 CVS Health Corp
* CVS Health -confirmed that contract to provide specialty pharmacy services for Blue Cross, Blue Shield Federal Employee Program will terminate at end of 2017
* CVS Health Corp - given contract expires at year end, the loss of contract does not affect the company's 2017 financial results
* CVS Health Corp - loss of specialty pharmacy contract, is not expected to have a material impact on the company's operating profit in 2018 Source text for Eikon: (bit.ly/2nDmNmP) Further company coverage:
March 30 Ashok Leyland Ltd
* Says till date, co have sold about 50,000 BS IV vehicles to customers who have access to BS IV fuel Source text - ('Till date, we have sold about 50,000 BS IV vehicles to customers who have access to BS IV fuel.') Further company coverage:
BUCHAREST, Romania (AP) — Romanian police say they are investigating the "suspicious" death of a well-known journalist who was found dead in his home near the Romanian capital.
Police spokesman Ciprian Romanescu said late Monday that Andrei Gheorghe had died in suspicious circumstances 12 hours earlier.
His body was found in the bathroom of his home in Voluntari, a suburb just north of Bucharest.
The 56-year-old Gheorghe made his career as a radio and television journalist after dictator Nicolae Ceausescu was overthrown in the 1989 anti-communist revolution. He was known for his acerbic comments about current events and politicians.
Advertisement
Police said they received a call Monday evening about his death and are investigating the case. They declined further comment.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - Women's 4x400 Metres Relay Heat 1 - London Stadium, London, Britain – August 11, 2017. Madiea Ghafoor of the Netherlands drops the baton during the race.
LONDON (Reuters) - The United States ate up the track to run a world leading time in the women's 4x100 metres relay heats at the World Athletics Championships on Saturday.
Slideshow (2 Images)
The Olympic champions, featuring Aaliyah Brown, Allyson Felix, Morolake Akinosun and Ariana Washington, won the opening heat in a time of 41.84 seconds, challenged only by the British quartet who came second in 41.93.
The third automatic qualifiers were Switzerland, who ran a national record time of 42.50, pointing to a high calibre final later on Saturday.
Jamaica, the defending champions, were missing seven-times world championship gold medallist Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce, but still qualified second fastest in the final heat ahead of Brazil. Germany won the second heat in 42.34.
Completing the final lineup were the Netherlands, featuring twice 200m champion Dafne Schippers, and 2015 bronze medallists Trinidad and Tobago.
Preparations for our second annual flower show are in full swing. The nurseries and trade stands are booked, the marquees are ordered, the park and ride service is in place and the show guides are printed.
It all sounds so simple when I write it down, but the reality is that a huge amount of forward planning goes into making the show a success, led by our fabulous events team who head up this military operation!
Candelabra-type primula planted on Streamside.
Planning a show – while it isn't the scale of Chelsea or Chatsworth – involves a huge number of elements, from music to parking, catering to health and safety, and can be a minefield of checklists, coffee, emails, calls, panic and more coffee.
We are all going into year two with a better understanding of the event, what we hope to offer and what people can expect.
We now know the nurseries and traders so much better, which really helps. These people are craftsmen and women and specialist in their trades and you have to admire the stamina they clearly possess to make it through show season intact!
Despite many of them already having Cardiff, Malvern, Chelsea and Chatsworth shows under their belts, I know they'll arrive at Harlow Carr with a van full of the very best plants and products and with smiles on their faces.
The logistics of ensuring each nursery and trade stand can set up, re-stock and pack away safely and efficiently is no mean feat, with 40 exhibitors arriving during a 20 hour window, all of whom need help from the Harlow Carr team to bring them on and off site using buggies and trailers.
Fingers crossed it all goes to plan.
Moving swiftly on from military analogy to actuality… this year we're drafting in real soldiers from the 6 Regiment of the Royal Logistics Corp who are working with us on operation ‘Boot Camp' – an RHS community outreach project which has involved local school children decorating and planting up old army boots.
Hundreds of the planted boots will be on display throughout the show for visitors to enjoy.
I dare say our soldiers will be available for photos with ‘Lady Primula' a roaming character who will be opening the show dressed in real Harlow Carr primulas, those beautiful dolly-mixture flowers that adorn the Streamside as this time of year.
We're also really pleased we have planned a great timetable of talks and demonstrations starting with Tracy Foster, designer of the silver medal winning Welcome to Yorkshire Chelsea garden and our very own ‘Hedgehog Street' garden, as well as garden writer and broadcaster Martin Fish, florist Jonathan Moseley and our own team of experts.
As a result of all of that forward planning, I'm confident this year's show will entertain, engage and excite even the most reluctant of gardeners. Please come and see us over the weekend, hopefully marvel at the seamless organisation, and please, please, do an obligatory sun dance!
RHS Garden Harlow Carr Flower Show runs from Friday 23 June – Sunday 25 June.
Visit www.rhs.org.uk/harlowcarr for full details including a free park and ride service from Harrogate Rugby Club on Rudding Lane.
May 3 Teranga Gold Corp
* Teranga Gold announces effective date of 1 for 5 share consolidation
* Teranga Gold Corp- announce that 1 for 5 consolidation of its common shares will be effective on May 5, 2017
* Teranga Gold Corp- common shares are expected to commence trading on toronto stock exchange on a post-consolidation basis on May 8, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Recasts, adds detail, context, comments)
SANTIAGO, April 5 Chile's economic activity in February slid 1.3 percent from a year ago, the central bank said Wednesday, its worst performance since the 2009 financial crisis, largely due to a strike at a major copper mine.
The IMACEC economic activity index - equivalent to some 90 percent of the economy - came in broadly in line with a Reuters forecast for a slide of 1.2 percent.
The reading was dragged down by an around 17-percent fall in mining activity. Escondida, the BHP Billiton operated copper mine in northern Chile that is by far the world's biggest, was halted the entire month due to a strike.
Workers returned to their posts from March 25, but the company has warned that it will take some time for operations to get back to full capacity.
Chile's finance minister Rodrigo Valdes said Wednesday that, while he did not expect "amazing" growth in March from the likely continued impact of the strike, the effect was transitory and a gradual recovery should happen over coming months.
February's reading was also affected by calendar factors and devastating wildfires that hurt the country's important forestry industry.
Although one-off events, they have hit the world's top copper exporter at a time when economic growth and investment were already struggling.
The central bank has cut the benchmark interest rate twice this year as it seeks to stimulate the economy, and has indicated more easing may be on the cards.
"With this reading and with what is expected in March, it's almost a certainty that the central bank should deliver more monetary stimulus in the second quarter," said Scotiabank economist Benjamin Sierra.
In comparison with January, economic activity decreased a seasonally adjusted 0.7 pct. (Reporting by Rosalba O'Brien and Antonio de la Jara Editing by W Simon and Nick Zieminski)
Oklahoma Pastor Sacrifices Her Salary to Help Underprivileged Women
admin By on February 4, 2018 RSS-CBN-Videos-Church-of-the-week
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
May 2 Fmc Corp
* FMC Corp says entered into a second amended and restated credit agreement - sec filing
* says revolving credit agreement provides for a $1.5 billion revolving credit facility
* says second amended and restated credit agreement increases aggregate amount of revolving credit commitments to $2.25 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Protesters shout slogans during a demonstration in front of the government building in Bucharest, Romania, May 3, 2017. Inquam Photos/George Calin via REUTERS
BUCHAREST Hundreds of Romanians rallied outside government headquarters in Bucharest late on Wednesday to protest against a proposal to widen a draft bill on prison pardons to include corruption offences.
Romania is seen as one of the European Union's most corrupt states and Brussels keeps its justice system under special monitoring. While the European Commission has repeatedly praised the judiciary for progress stamping out graft, it has noted parliament has a track record of trying to weaken legislation.
On Wednesday, the senate's legal committee approved amendments to the bill to include influence peddling and bribe-taking on the list of pardonable offences.
The senate will now vote on the bill before it goes to the lower parliamentary house, which has the final say on whether it becomes law.
Three months ago the cabinet of Social Democrat Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu approved a decree that would have shielded dozens of public officials from prosecution, drawing international criticism and triggering the largest nationwide protests in decades.
The ruling coalition eventually rescinded the decree and reshuffled the cabinet.
Reuters journalists saw more than 1,000 people gathered on Wednesday in the capital city's Victory square, the epicentre of the earlier protests, waving Romanian and EU flags and chanting "We don't want to be a nation of thieves".
Hundreds more gathered in other cities across the country.
The government has said it does not support the latest amendments, though it was unclear whether the ruling coalition of Social Democrats and junior partner ALDE would back them in parliament.
In its initial form, the prison pardons bill covered all sentences of up to five years except for corruption, violence, treason, genocide and other serious crimes, as well as repeat offenders.
The amendments were mainly drafted by Social Democrat senator Serban Nicolae and opposition senator and former President Traian Basescu.
Basescu told senators on the legal committee that politicians used alleged bribes to buy electoral gifts such as umbrellas and coats for their party supporters.
He said prosecutors were acting as if "Virgin Mary is here, untouched, and ... this has created an atmosphere of submission for the political class."
Social Democrat leader Liviu Dragnea, who received a two-year suspended sentence in a vote-rigging case and is currently on trial in a separate abuse of office case, said late on Wednesday on his Facebook account that he categorically disapproved of the amendments.
Prosecutors' investigations in recent years have showed mayors, county councillors, lawmakers and ministers favoured certain companies for public works deals and demanding a percentage of the contracts as bribes.
(Reporting by Luiza Ilie; editing by John Stonestreet)
WASHINGTON By U.S. President Donald Trump's math, renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement and other deals will largely pay for the massive tax cuts his cabinet laid out earlier in the week.
He is likely off by a factor of close to 10 - or more - according to trade and tax economists who say it does not make sense to think of the world in the two-dimensional, money-in-my-pocket or money-in-yours way that Trump did in a Thursday interview with Reuters.
The president, for example, said that given the current $61 billion annual trade deficit with Mexico, the United States would be better off if the two countries did not trade at all, saying "You'll save yourself a hell of a lot of money."
The former real estate developer's economic assessment appeared to overlook the ways in which a total halt to trade between the two neighbours would ripple through both nations - changing prices, currency values, jobs and wages, arguably helping some industries but damaging others.
The net impact of Trump's calculations, which run counter to most widely accepted views of the benefits of trade, are hard to predict, said Claude Barfield, a trade expert at the conservative American Enterprise Institute.
"These views about the trade deficit and its alleged negative impact...are nonsense, and are views he has held since the 1980s," said Barfield.
"It could happen," he said of a hypothetical severing of ties between the United States and Mexico, "but the things you would do to make it happen would be hugely disruptive. You'd have to think what are the first- and second-order effects," as industries reorganize and consumers adapt.
In the case of Mexico, the American companies that exported a quarter of a trillion dollars of goods and services to that country last year would be out a customer, and likely cut jobs.
Those American companies that tried to replace the $323 billion in Mexican imports would likely do so at a higher cost -- assuming they are in the United States to begin with.
NO MORE GUACAMOLE AND A SHRINKING SUPPLY CHAIN
There is no guarantee that if Trump were to seal the border with Mexico that it would "save" the United States any money, said Marcus Noland, a trade economist at the Peterson Institute for International Economics.
It may simply reduce consumption through higher prices charged by domestic suppliers, or lead to increased imports from a different country.
"Americans seem to really like guacamole," Noland said, "but the idea that we are going to have giant greenhouses and lots of avocados and limes - the fact that we are purchasing them from the Mexicans rather than producing them at home tells you producing them at home is more expensive. We can stop trading with the Mexicans, and have $60 billion less in consumption."
Since consumption accounts for a large part of the U.S. economy, that is not an outcome Trump would want, though it would be one way, economists note, to achieve the trade balance the president and his advisers regard as important.
Trump told Reuters: "There is no such thing as a trade war when you have a deficit."
Most economists disagree with the notion that the trade deficit matters much to a country as large and self-sufficient as the United States.
Trade at that scale in particular is shaped by global savings and investment patterns that in recent years have favoured the United States.
By the statistics most widely accepted among economists, the U.S. position with the rest of the world has been steadily improving as investment flows into the country from abroad and supports millions of jobs.
The current account deficit – which includes trade flows, investment, and other financial transfers across borders – has been shrinking for more than a decade and is now less than 2 percent of gross domestic product.
As far as the impact of trade on the federal deficit - a separate concept reflecting how much the government spends and how much it collects from businesses and households - Trump said that he was not worried that his plan to cut taxes will result in a sea of red ink "because we will do trade deals that are going to make up for a tremendous amount of the deficits."
Economists, however, say any connection is circuitous, felt through channels like an increase in tax payments from new job holders or stronger corporate profits -- but hard to estimate and likely small.
Even if Trump achieved his wildest success, and eliminated the United States' $500 billion trade deficit solely through increased exports that boosted gross domestic product on a dollar-for-dollar basis, it would do little to dent the estimated $7 trillion in government deficits his tax plan is projected to generate over the next decade.
Alan Cole, an economist at the Tax Foundation, said that every dollar of gross domestic product generates about 17.6 cents in federal government revenue, meaning the $500 billion trade shortfall would translate into just $88 billion in new taxes.
Even that, he said, is wildly generous.
"You have to say where is the new production coming from, which people, which places?" Cole said. "Will it be new factories being built, and if so why haven't they been built already?"
(Reporting by Howard Schneider; Editing by David Chance and Lisa Shumaker)
The following factors could affec t Italian markets on Friday.
Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy. New items are marked with (*).
For a complete list of diary events in Italy please click on .
ECONOMY
ISTAT releases March flash CPI and HICP data (0900 GMT) and February producer prices data (1000 GMT).
Reuters releases March asset allocation poll (1200 GMT).
COMPANIES
FIAT CHRYSLER AUTOMOBILES
Moody's on Thursday raised the outlook on Fiat Chrysler's debt ratings to positive citing the company's improved operating performance in 2016, continued efforts to cut its debt as well as its recovering market share in Europe since 2015.
Jeep chief Mike Manley said on Thursday that despite a deliberate reduction in fleet sales by the brand, full-year 2017 U.S. sales should still be up or on pace with last year's total.
(*) BANKS
Banking industry rescue fund Atlante is unlikely to invest further in Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca and will instead use its leftover funds to buy into a bad securitisation at the two lenders, Il Sole 24 Ore reported. The paper said the banks could transfer their bad debts to a securitisation vehicle at a price equivalent to 22-23 percent of their nominal value. Atlante could spend around 800 million euros to buy the mezzanine tranche, it said.
(*) ATLANTIA, SIS
Brussels has raised concerns with regards to how concession contracts for Italy's big motorways are being managed, MF reported.
Two letters from the Competition and Internal Market Commissioners say on one hand that superficial supervision by the government has led to overcompensation for the companies that manage the infrastructure and, on the other hand, that the concessions for the Brescia-Padova the Autovie Venete and the Autobrennero highways may have violated internal market rules, the report added.
PREMUDA
The Italian shipping group said on Thursday its shareholders had approved a capital increase reserved to KKR's Pillarstone Italia and other measures to convert debt owed to creditor banks into equity-type of instruments to avoid wounding up the group after it posted a 2016 net loss of 118 million euros.
LEONARDO
The defence group said it would build a new plant in Alabama and that it would produce its T-100 jet training system if it was picked by the U.S. Air Force.
(*) PIAGGIO
CEO Roberto Colaninno told Corriere della Sera in an interview that exports to the United States accounted for less than 5 percent of Piaggio's total revenue.
He said Piaggio could try to dodge possible U.S. import duties by selling there Vespa scooters produced in Vietnam depending on whether the measure will apply to products or the country they come from.
IL SOLE 24 ORE, POLIGRAFICI EDITORIALE
The troubled publishing group said on Thursday it would hold a board meeting by the end of next week to approve its 2016 earnings. It also denied any talks were undergoing with Poligrafici Editoriale.
RISANAMENTO
Second period of exclusivity with LendLease over 'Milano Santa Giulia' project ends.
For Italian market data and news, click on codes in brackets:
20 biggest gainers (in percentage)............
20 biggest losers (in percentage).............
FTSE IT allshare index
FTSE Mib index........
FTSE Allstars index...
FTSE Mid Cap index....
Block trades..........
Stories on Italy...... IT-LEN
For pan-European market data and news, click on codes in brackets: European Equities speed guide................... FTSEurofirst 300 index.............................. DJ STOXX index...................................... Top 10 STOXX sectors........................... Top 10 EUROSTOXX sectors...................... Top 10 Eurofirst 300 sectors................... Top 25 European pct gainers....................... Top 25 European pct losers........................ Main stock markets: Dow Jones............... Wall Street report ..... Nikkei 225............. Tokyo report............ FTSE 100............... London report........... Xetra DAX............. Frankfurt market stories CAC-40................. Paris market stories... World Indices..................................... Reuters survey of world bourse outlook......... Western European IPO diary.......................... European Asset Allocation........................ Reuters News at a Glance: Equities............... Main currency report:...............................
April 12 Rogers Sugar Inc:
* Rogers Sugar to repay 5.7 pct convertible debentures in cash at maturity on April 30, 2017
* Rogers Sugar - will be repaying, in cash, currently outstanding $49.565 million in principal of 5.7 pct convertible unsecured subordinated debentures due April 30
* Rogers Sugar - in order for co to satisfy obligations, co's unit lantic inc will lend to co required funds which lantic will draw from revolving credit facility Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Freeman Fintech Corporation Ltd:
* UPDATES ON UNUSUAL SHARE PRICE AND TRADING VOLUME MOVEMENTS
* IS CURRENTLY IN DISCUSSION WITH POTENTIAL PARTIES REGARDING POSSIBLE DISPOSALS OF STRATEGIC INVESTMENTS
* IS EXPLORING INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES IN SOUTHEAST ASIA
* ‍HOWEVER, NO BINDING TERMS & AGREEMENTS HAVE BEEN AGREED OR ENTERED INTO​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
* SPDR Gold holdings rise by about 6 tonnes this week (Adds comments, the latest market movement, updates prices; adds NEW YORK dateline) By Devika Krishna Kumar and Maytaal Angel NEW YORK/LONDON, April 12 Gold steadied on Wednesday after hitting a five-month peak as the dollar reversed losses and political tensions simmered, leaving investor interest in safe havens like the precious metal largely intact. Tarnishing an otherwise brightening outlook for global growth, tensions continued over the Korean peninsula and the Middle East, while worries about the upcoming French presidential election persisted. "Gold finally came up to the $1,275 area we looked for as bullish technicals, political worries ... (added to) benign interest rates, Fed caution in raising rates and other world tensions especially Middle East and North Korea," said George Gero, managing director at RBC Wealth Management. Spot gold was mostly unchanged at $1,274.8 per ounce by 2:33 p.m. EDT (1833 GMT). It hit its strongest since Nov. 10 at $1,279.80 earlier, extending the previous session's near 2 percent gains. U.S. gold futures rose 0.3 percent to settle at $1,278.1. "We see short term downside for gold at $1276/oz with our 3/6/12-month price targets $1200/1200/1250/oz," Goldman Sachs said in a note. "Although it is possible that further unwinding of the Trump related equity trades or escalation in heightened geopolitical tensions pushes gold even higher in the next several weeks, we think that over the next three months improvement in U.S. hard growth data and subsequent increase in real rates would bring gold prices down." Gold tends to gain when rate hike expectations recede because lower rates reduce the opportunity cost of holding non-yielding bullion. The dollar was flat versus a currency basket after falling on Tuesday, though a general risk-off mood that has prompted investors to sell the greenback prevailed. Chinese President Xi Jinping on Wednesday stressed the need for a peaceful solution for the Korean peninsula on a call with U.S President Donald Trump. On Tuesday North Korea warned of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression, as a U.S. Navy strike group steamed towards the western Pacific. Elsewhere, Vladimir Putin said trust had eroded between the United States and Russia, as Moscow delivered an unusually hostile reception to U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in a face-off over Syria. In France's presidential race, centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen clung on as frontrunners, but a far-left veteran has surged into the top four, pushing some pollsters to calculate the most extreme run-off scenarios. Holdings of SPDR Gold Trust , the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, rose 0.50 percent to 842.41 tonnes on Tuesday. The ETF has seen about six tonnes of inflows this week. Spot silver was 0.2 percent lower at $18.27 an ounce. Platinum fell 0.6 percent to $962 after rising over 3 percent in the previous session, while palladium dropped 0.8 percent to $795.25. (Additioanl reporting by Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; Editing by David Evans and Chizu Nomiyama)
FILE PHOTO - The price and fuel economy is shown on the window of a new Ford F150 pick-up truck at on car lot in Carlsbad, California November 5, 2014. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
A Honda new car lot shows vehicles available for 0.9 per cent financing in Rockville, Maryland June 12, 2014. REUTERS/Gary Cameron/File Photo
DETROIT Major U.S. automakers' sales figures for March came in below market expectations and gave early evidence that America's long, robust boom cycle for car sales may finally be losing steam.
General Motors Co (GM.N) and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (FCHA.MI) (FCAU.N) shares both fell almost 4 percent, while Ford Motor Co (F.N) was off 3 percent.
Auto industry publication WardsAuto put the seasonally-adjusted annualized rate (SAAR) for light vehicle sales in March at 16.53 million units. Industry consultant Autodata put industry SAAR at 16.62 million units for March.
That was below the 17.3 million analysts polled by Reuters had expected, and the first time since August that the SAAR - a crucial industry metric - had fallen below 17 million.
March "was a tough, tough, tough market," said Judy Wheeler, vice president of U.S. sales at Nissan Motor Co Ltd (7201.T), which reported a 3.2 percent increase in March sales. "It's going to be an aggressive year and I think everybody realizes that."
Industry experts are increasingly concerned about rising inventory levels and consumer discounts as automakers push harder to sell their products. A pricing war in the market could undermine automakers' profits.
Last week, Moody's warned that flattening U.S. auto sales pose a significant credit risk for auto lenders.
Karl Brauer, executive publisher at auto industry consultancy Kelley Blue Book said while overall sales looked "healthy" in March discounts "have risen across the board, even on the same truck and SUV models that used to sell themselves."
Nissan's Wheeler said Nissan's internal data showed consumer discounts were $441 higher per vehicle than a year ago and inventory levels were on the rise.
Nissan trucks, SUVs and crossovers were up 26 percent and had hit record highs, especially its high-selling Rogue crossover.
Car sales in America have risen since end of the Great Recession and hit a record last year of 17.55 million.
Trucks and SUVs pushed sales at some major automakers higher in March at the expense of cars as American consumers continued to shun smaller vehicles amid low gasoline prices.
GM reported a 2 percent increase in sales to just over 256,000 vehicles, with sales of its Tahoe and Suburban SUV models seeing their best sales month since 2008.
Sales at Ford Motor Co (F.N) fell more than 7 percent to 236,000 vehicles, with fleet sales to rental agencies, businesses and government entities down nearly 17 percent on the year. Sales of Ford's F-Series pickup trucks rose 10 percent on the year.
The F-Series has been the best-selling model in the United States since 1982 and is a key profit generator for the No. 2 U.S. automaker.
Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T) reported a 2.1 percent decrease in sales. Fiat Chrysler said sales were down 5 percent on the year, though its popular Ram pickup was up 6 percent.
Honda Motor Co Ltd (7267.T) reported an overall decline in sales of 0.7 percent versus March 2016, but said truck sales were up 8.4 percent.
GM shares were down 3.8 percent at $34.03 and Ford was off 3 percent at $11.29. Fiat Chrysler shares (FCAU.N) were down 5.9 percent in New York trading at $10.28.
The news also weighed on car retailer stocks. The March sales offered the market a glimpse of the overall health of middle-class American consumers.
Car retailer Penske Auto Group (PAG.N) was down 1.5 percent and Group 1 Automotive (GPI.N) was down 3.3 percent on Monday morning.
(Reporting By Nick Carey; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
May 3 British pubs group JD Wetherspoon warned of "significantly higher" costs in the second half of the year and said it remained cautious, while reporting quarterly comparable sales growth of 4 percent.
The owner and operator of more than 900 pubs in Britain and Ireland said third-quarter like-for-like sales for the 13 weeks to April 23 increased by 4 percent, higher than the 3.8 percent advance seen last year.
The company, however, said it expects slightly improved trading outcome for the year compared with previous expectations.
(Reporting by Rahul B and Abinaya Vijayaraghavan in Bengaluru; editing by Jason Neely)
April 3 Griffon Corp:
* Griffon announces the retirement of Alan H. Koblin and the appointment of Ronald E. Zinco as president of Clopay Plastic Products Company Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
SYDNEY (Reuters) - More than 80,000 runners took part in Sydney's annual City2Surf race on Sunday, with 2016 champion Harry Summers defending his title in 42 minutes and 16 seconds, media reported.
Slideshow (4 Images)
Celia Sullohern was the first woman to complete the 14-km (8.7 mile) run from the Sydney central business district through to Bondi Beach in a time of 47 minutes and 11 seconds, according to the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
Three-time Paralympic Gold Medallist Kurt Fearnley won the wheelchair event.
The City2Surf started in 1971 and raised over A$4 million ($3.16 million) this year for hundreds of charities, according to the official race website.
CAYENNE: The movement behind more than three weeks of social unrest in French Guiana said on Monday it would press its action until the government signs a draft accord on an emergency package and reopens talks on further funds. Activists are protesting against what they say is decades of under-investment in the French territory in South America, paralyzed by a general strike which 37 unions called on March 25. Locals have been pressing demands for a “Marshall Plan” of French aid, along the lines of the huge US economic support given to help western Europe to recover after World War II. The seven-page accord “to suspend the movement in its present form”, drawn up by the “Collective to Get Guiana Moving” spearheading the protests, was sent to the government on Sunday. “To have a swift signature, we have an obligation to harden the movement,” Valerie Vanoukia, representative of very small companies in Guiana, said on behalf of the collective after a general meeting calling on the population to remobilize. She said the barricades which had been lifted for Easter would be back in place from Monday night. The draft accord calls for an emergency plan of more than one billion euros ($1.07 billion) put forward by the government and proposes reopening dialogue on an additional two billion euros the protestors have demanded so far.
AFP
March 29 Verizon Communications Inc :
* For a limited time, can get new Galaxy S8 or Galaxy S8+ for as low as $15 a month after trading in an eligible device
* Pricing for Galaxy S8 without a trade-in is $30 per month for 24 months; $720 retail price
* Pricing for Galaxy S8+ is $35 per month for 24 months; $840 retail price Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
CAIRO, March 29 Egypt plans to raise exports to $34 billion from $19 billion by 2020, the Trade and Industry Ministry said in a statement on Wednesday.
"The ministry has almost completed its strategy to double its exports and increase it from $19 billion to $34 billion by 2020 through implementing specific export plans and policies and targeting new export markets," the statement said. (Reporting by Asma Alsharif; Editing by Dominic Evans)
NEW YORK The U.S. dollar turned lower along with Treasury yields and stocks on Wednesday after U.S. President Donald Trump said the dollar is getting too strong and that he would prefer the Federal Reserve keep interest rates low.
Trump, in an interview with the Wall Street Journal, also said he would not label China a currency manipulator.
"The market had a big reaction, but I think it was an overreaction because (Trump) may just be hedging his bets by making sure that the American public realizes he's not backing down on trade. It's just that he may not think now is the right time to brand China a currency manipulator," said Kathy Lien, managing director, at BK Asset Management in New York.
"The dollar's already under pressure, so I think any excuse for further pressure is likely to bring the greenback even lower.”
The U.S. dollar index .DXY, which measures the greenback against a basket of six other major currencies, was down 0.5 percent at its lowest since late March.
The dollar was down 0.4 percent against the yen JPY=, which is a favorite in uncertain times due to Japan's position as the world's largest creditor nation. The dollar fell 1.2 percent against the yen on Tuesday.
U.S. Treasury yields fell, with benchmark yields hitting a near five-month low due to Trump's comments favoring low interest rates. Benchmark 10-year Treasury yields US10YT=RR were 3 basis points lower at 2.268 percent after hitting 2.259 percent, which was the lowest since Nov. 17.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI fell 59.44 points, or 0.29 percent, to end at 20,591.86, the S&P 500 .SPX lost 8.85 points, or 0.38 percent, to 2,344.93 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC dropped 30.61 points, or 0.52 percent, to 5,836.16.
On Wall Street, defensive sectors were the biggest gainers in keeping with preferences for safety.
While a weaker dollar would help profits at multinational companies, stocks turned lower after Trump's comments, as he added "another wild card," according to Peter Tuz, president of Chase Investment Counsel in Charlottesville, Virginia.
“We all know markets like fairly stable situations," said Tuz. "Is this just another offhand comment from Donald Trump or does it really mean something and is it the start of a policy that you'll see introduced soon?”
Gold XAU= was up 0.9 percent at $1,286.10 an ounce, after jumping 1.6 percent on Tuesday.
Trading Wednesday was also heavily influenced by rising U.S. tensions with Russia, North Korea and Syria after U.S. missile strikes in Syria last week and the moving of U.S. warships toward the Korean Peninsula.
Investor optimism had briefly improved during a joint press conference in Moscow held by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Russia's Foreign Minister but the signs of optimism ebbed afterwards as it became clear officials did not seem any closer to agreement on Syria.
Oil prices ended lower after reversing earlier gains due to a report on U.S. crude stockpiles. Oil futures turned negative after eight straight sessions of gains on the U.S. inventory data suggesting persistent oversupply.[O/R]
Global benchmark Brent crude LCOc1 settled down 0.7 percent at $55.86 a barrel, while U.S. crude CLc1 settled down 0.5 percent at $53.11.
(Additional reporting by Richard Leong, Dion Rabouin and Lewis Krauskopf in New York, Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru and Wayne Cole in Sydney; Editing by Alison Williams and James Dalgleish)
Britain's Secretary of State for leaving the EU David Davis speaks at the Prosperity UK 2017 conference in London, April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May walks out of 10 Downing Street to welcome Head of the European Commission, President Jean-Claude Juncker to Downing Street in London, Britain April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May welcomes Head of the European Commission, President Jean-Claude Juncker to Downing Street in London, Britain April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
European Chief Negotiator for Brexit Michel Barnier chats with European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and France's President Francois Hollande during a EU summit in Brussels, Belgium April 29, 2017. Reuters/Eric Vidal
LONDON Britain's minister for leaving the European Union said on Saturday the country was gearing up for the most complex negotiations "in our lifetimes" after the European Union outlined its tough approach to Brexit talks.
Earlier in the day EU leaders endorsed stiff divorce terms for Britain on Saturday and warned Britons to have "no illusions" about swiftly securing a new relationship to keep their access to EU markets.
And while British Prime Minister Theresa May dined with EU Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker on Wednesday in a bid to warm ties before talks start, David Davis, the minister responsible for Brexit, said negotiations would be hard.
"Both sides are clear - we want these negotiations to be conducted in the spirit of goodwill, sincere cooperation and with the aim of establishing a close partnership between the UK and the EU going forward," Davis said in a statement in response to the EU's Brexit guidelines.
"But there is no doubt that these negotiations are the most complex the UK has faced in our lifetimes. They will be tough and, at times even confrontational."
Davis added that there were people in Europe who opposed the aims of the talks, and "people at home trying to undermine them."
Britain is set for a national election on June 8 as Prime Minister May seeks to strengthen her hand domestically before beginning negotiations with the EU.
May started the formal process of leaving the EU at the end of March, starting a countdown of two years for the terms of departure to be agreed.
(Reporting by Alistair Smout; Editing by Ros Russell)
There is not a lot of consensus around the role of higher education in the 21st century — is its purpose to prepare citizens for work or teach them to be thinkers? And how is this different for different types of colleges? Should research institutions be seen as doing one thing, while teaching institutions do another? And where do community colleges fit in?
Much of the conversation around higher education paints the institutions, and the students they serve, as monolithic; policy conversations and those from the general public fail to even recognize that different colleges were created to do different things, and may not all have the same objectives. But they are all measured against the same outcomes.
During the Council on Higher Education Accreditation annual meeting in Washington, D.C. earlier this year, Sijbolt Noorda, the chairman of the Magna Charta Observatory, said, “The excellence delusion is one of the most [dangerous] diseases of higher education. [Every leader of every institution is] pretending to serve the same community, doing excellent work with excellent quality, though almost none of them [are] succeeding at actually training students in a way that would have been able to prevent the financial crisis.”
“Quality assurance very often is about how we do higher education, how it is organized, how we do this and that, and it very often leaves out the matter of what we are doing and why we are doing it — why we have chosen this particular profile and why we are serving this particular community,” he said.
“In general, in higher education, we need to celebrate variety much more than we do," he continued. "We need many types of institutions of higher education .... working within the space together — there's not one way right in all situations, it's very much dependent on the requirements of the community, of the specific educational path that you want to serve.”
Evaluating how institutions see themselves
Education Dive has toiled with the questions of what higher education should look like in the 21st century along with everyone else. There is consensus that a "one-and-done" model of education is likely being replaced for a pattern of lifelong learning, and some think the current structure of education will soon give way to more blended institutions and collaboration. But how do institution leaders see themselves? Are their proclaimed missions keeping up with the changing needs of society? How important is the mission statement anyway, are strategic plans more relevant?
Our team conducted a qualitative analysis of 57 randomly selected institutions, including six public flagships; six public research institutions; two regional public institutions; one public online institution; 19 private four-year colleges, including three private Ivy League institutions, one public Ivy League institution; seven community colleges; and three minority serving institutions.
Here are the key findings:
Of 57 institutions, 21 don't have mission statements posted on their websites in a way that users can easily find and review them, and of those, 14 are elite public research institutions or elite privates. Most of the community colleges or less-selective institutions reviewed do have mission statements posted. One top research institution had a prominent link for the mission statement, but it led to an error message.
In the 36 mission statements that were available, the most prominent keywords are community, research, programs, knowledge, diverse, learning, society, global, teaching, development, world, excellence, skills, innovative, access and transformative/transformational. Most common phrases: high quality, global society, outreach programs, global community, commitment to excellence, economic development and to prepare students.
One of the larger elite private institutions that didn't have a mission statement on its website did include an economic impact report to showcase its value as not only providing a private commodity but promoting the vitality of the surrounding community.
Jonathan Gyurko, CEO of the Association of College and University Educators, said he isn't surprised there is such "a variety of goals across different mission statements, as the purposes of higher education continue to —and should — evolve with changing values and societal needs."
"Our colleges and universities don't merely react to these changes, either. They're part of the ongoing conversation that defines these priorities," he said.
Innovation
A recent report released by the Online Learning Consortium found an overwhelming majority of higher education leaders see innovation as one of their top priorities but there is little consensus on what innovation means. The report's authors said "many respondents provided definitions that we, as researchers, felt could be too narrow for what innovation at an institution could encompass. This reveals how potentially broad innovation is — which is encouraging — but without a clear-cut answer as to what it is, institutions may find it difficult to set goals, acquire buy-in, and allocate funds for innovative efforts."
But, Gyurko said, "No matter the aim, teaching is the indispensable constant. It's through great instruction that our students and our institutions achieve their objectives. This puts a special responsibility on us all to prepare and support our faculty to teach well, with proven instructional approaches."
Kentucky State University faculty members, during the inaugural convening of the Atwood Institute on Race, Education and the Democratic Ideal in October, emphasized the importance for all institutions, regardless of mission, to expose students to high-quality experiences, including opportunities to do research, emphasizing the idea that more and more jobs require research, or at least the kind of analytical thinking which research informs.
(Refiles to fix typo in "remuneration" in 2nd paragraph)
OTTAWA, April 3 Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said on Monday he was "not pleased" with Bombardier's plan to raise compensation for its senior executives, a move that caused a public furor that forced the company to back down.
"We're obviously not pleased with the decision that Bombardier made around its remuneration for its executives but we're happy to see them make decisions that are fixing that for Quebecers' and Canadians' confidence," Trudeau said in Parliament.
(Reporting by Leah Schnurr; Editing by Chris Reese)
FILE PHOTO: Ukrainian Central Bank Governor Valeriia Gontareva speaks during an interview with Reuters in Kiev, Ukraine, February 20, 2017. Picture taken February 20, 2017. REUTERS/Valentyn Ogirenko
KIEV If Ukraine's central bank chief needed any more incentive to quit, last week she woke up to find the image of a pig draped in a Russian flag spray-painted onto the wall of her house and a gaggle of young protesters calling her a Russian stooge.
After a sustained hate campaign that also included a coffin laid at her door, Valeria Gontareva finally quit on Monday.
Her departure, with no obvious candidate for a successor, leaves President Petro Poroshenko with one fewer ally in power at a time when lenders keeping Ukraine afloat already question his ability to follow through on promised reforms.
Gontareva's bloody-mindedness in enacting tough anti-crisis measures attracted many enemies while winning praise from investors and the International Monetary Fund, which props up the country with $17.5 billion (£14 billion) bailout.
The appearance that Poroshenko could not shield Gontareva, his former business partner, from being hounded out of office may make it harder to replace her. The president will struggle to find someone willing to step into her "kamikaze" role, said Oleksander Kirsh, a lawmaker with the People's Front, which is in coalition with Poroshenko's bloc.
"Even those who are seen as being part of the president's team will wonder about agreeing" to head the central bank "if Poroshenko cannot protect them," Kirsh said.
PRESIDENT WEAKER
Poroshenko, owner of Ukraine's biggest chocolate company, was elected in 2014 promising to unite the country after a popular uprising toppled a pro-Russian leader and Moscow responded by seizing the Crimea peninsula.
Since then, a revolt by pro-Russian separatists in the east has bogged down in bloody stalemate with 10,000 dead, and the economy, struggling to wean itself from dependency on Russia and plagued by official corruption, has been on life support.
Support for Poroshenko's party has fallen to just 11.9 percent as of December, from 21.7 percent in October 2014, according to the Kiev International Institute of Sociology. Polls show he would lose to former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko at the next presidential election due in 2019.
Recent months have seen political setbacks that make him appear even weaker. He found himself on the wrong side of public opinion when he initially opposed activists imposing an economic blockade of territory held by pro-Russian separatists; two months later he made the blockade government policy.
He also signed a parliamentary amendment that will dilute one of the biggest anti-corruption reforms enacted since the 2014 protests. He says he was forced to accept the amendment by recalcitrant lawmakers.
"Poroshenko follows behind public opinion," lawmaker and investigative journalist Serhiy Leshchenko, a member of the president's own bloc, told Reuters. "Poroshenko's agenda is formed by others instead of him, and he must follow it."
Poroshenko's office did not reply to a request for comment.
The government of his protege, Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman, has only a thin majority in parliament to pass difficult measures demanded by the IMF, such as raising the pension age and lifting a ban on land sales.
Not passing them risks delaying or shrinking the amount of money the IMF will disburse at a time when Ukraine's economic growth is expected to weaken to 2 percent from an earlier IMF projected 2.9 percent because of the blockade on separatists.
The IMF in a report last week flagged its concerns that domestic politics could derail the bailout programme.
TAKING A BREAK
Gontareva, who has also been in office since 2014, has been responsible for many of the reforms enacted to secure the lifeline from the IMF. She switched Ukraine to a flexible exchange rate and shuttered half the country's banks - including many which the authorities say were used as cash cows or money-laundering vehicles by their owners. She nationalised the largest lender, PrivatBank.
The protesters and some lawmakers accuse her of incompetence at best, and at worst, enriching herself at Ukraine's expense in league with the country's enemy number one, Russia.
A poll by the Democratic Initiatives Foundation in December said 80 percent of Ukrainians distrust Gontareva. But the pervasive influence in Ukrainian politics of powerful business figures makes it difficult to assess the degree to which protests against her are driven by real public anger, rather than stoked by hostile vested interests.
Gontareva's press service suggested that the latest protests were engineered as revenge by people who lost out from PrivatBank's nationalisation in December.
The coffin at her door was a reminder of what can happen to central bankers in this part of the world. Andrei Kozlov, a Russian central bank deputy governor who shut down dozens of corrupt lenders, was shot dead in the street in 2006.
"Gontareva gets a lot of criticism but I judge her on what she's done and its absolutely remarkable what's been achieved at great personal risk," said Tim Ash, Sovereign Strategist at Bluebay Asset Management.
"I think it's sad she is going, but after the exhaustion of fighting constantly against corruption and oligarchs for two years people want a break," he told a conference in London.
(Additional reporting by Natalia Zinets in KIEV and Sujata Rao in LONDON Writing by Matthias Williams; Editing by Peter Graff)
The Campaign to Save Hot Springs Canyon , a limited-time effort by the Land Trust for Santa Barbara County to purchase and preserve Santa Barbara's last undeveloped canyon, has received a major boost from local philanthropists Scott and Ella Brittingham through a $100,000 pledge from the Brittingham Family Foundation . “The foothills and mountains behind our city are an integral part of Santa Barbara's character and culture. An opportunity to save this last stretch of undeveloped land seemed too important to pass up,” Scott Brittingham said. “I am proud to join the visionary local leaders who have raised almost $7 million toward preserving this piece of our heritage, and hope others will be inspired to join Ella and me, in turn.”
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers.
Here's how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic.
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it.
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered.
Thanks for asking!
Click Here to Get Started >
RANDALL MARGRAVES, FATHER OF THREE DAUGHTERS MOLESTED BY EX USA GYMNASTIC TEAM DOCTOR NASSAR, APOLOGIZES AT NEWS CONFERENCE FOR LUNGING AT HIM IN COURTROOM, SAYS “I AM NO HERO”
Amanda Gries points to high level test results from her son Wyatt's bedroom in her previous home's Lead-Based Paint Inspection/Risk Assessment Report in the Del Rey neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, United States April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Danny Moloshok
LOS ANGELES The Los Angeles data examined by Reuters offers a granular look at where children have been exposed to dangerous levels of lead in the United States' most populous county.
The data tracks blood lead level testing results for children from birth to six years old from 2011-2015, aggregated by census tract.
L.A. County shared results for each census tract with at least 100 unique children tested over this period. Most neighbourhoods throughout the county are included.
The results show children tested, and those with one or more elevated tests. The data reflects the census tract where children were living when they were screened.
An elevated result is equal to or greater than the CDC's reference value of 5 micrograms per decilitre. Any result above 4.5 is rounded up to 5 and considered elevated, in keeping with a standard convention for reporting of lead test results.
The CDC used the same convention when it found that 5 percent of children tested in Flint had elevated lead levels during the peak of the city's water contamination crisis.
The CDC lowered its elevated threshold most recently in 2012, in part to reflect the medical consensus that even low levels of lead exposure cause permanent harm to children.
The agency is considering lowering it again, a move that could lead to more children testing high and expand efforts to remove lead from the environment.
The L.A. County results include both capillary (finger-prick) and venous blood tests. Both have margins of error, although venous tests are considered more accurate and “confirmatory.”
The data has limits. Many children don't get tested, and results from some cities are excluded. Data from Vernon, Long Beach and Pasadena – each with independent health departments – wasn't available from the county.
California requires testing for children enrolled in Medicaid at ages one and two, and advises physicians to test some other children, including those living in older housing.
A similar “targeted testing” policy is used in most states, including Michigan, although some states require testing for all children. Elevated blood lead levels are likely more common among children who get screened for the toxin, California officials say.
However, Reuters found that even children with risk factors often aren't tested, including those living in old housing. And Medicaid paid for screening covering only about one in three enrollees for whom tests were indicated in the state, 2015 billing data showed.
California's Department of Public Health says comparisons with other areas aren't warranted. Sources of lead exposure, and tracking of blood tests, can differ between areas.
“Testing results need to be considered in the context of the unique population being tested,” the department said in a statement.
The L.A. data builds upon previous Reuters reporting in California. A report last month documented areas, including parts of Fresno, Oakland and Los Angeles, with worrisome childhood exposure rates. That report was based on testing data from about a fourth of zip codes statewide in 2012, shared earlier by the state's Department of Public Health. Today's article is based on a far more comprehensive trove of data for L.A. County, recently obtained by Reuters.
(Reporting By Joshua Schneyer)
Runner Stephen O'Brien is preparing for the Melbourne Marathon. Photo: David Nielsen / The Queensland Times
SOUTHERN Downs sport and recreation will be a hot topic next month.
The Southern Downs Regional Council are set to host a second sport and recreation forum to focus on running and funding events in the region.
Portfolio councillor for events, sport and recreation Yve Stocks said the council was excited to continue the conversation following the first forum in May.
Cr Stocks said the events aimed to encourage sport and recreation groups to work together and collaboratively and encouraged members of these groups to attend.
"This time the forum will include panel members from the Warwick Drags, Leyburn Sprints, Killarney Bonfire and Stanthorpe Sports Association, who have all been successful in running and funding various sporting and recreation events within the region,” she said.
"Participants will have the opportunity to hear first-hand how these organisations have succeeded in the past and continue to run active, financial organisations.
"Sport and recreation organisations and spaces play a major role in building, supporting and sustaining vibrant and healthy communities in our region.
"Information gathered at these forums will help form Council's Action Plan which will sit under the Sport & Recreation Strategy and which, ultimately, aims to meet the needs of the communities in the Southern Downs now and into the future.”
The forum will be held from 5.30-8pm on September 7 at the Warwick Town Hall, with sandwiches to be provided.
To RSVP or for further information about this event, phone SDRC Sport and Recreation officer Sue Organ, on 1300 697 372 or email sue.organ@sdrc.qld.gov.au.
Soni Daniel, Abuja
Kano state government has approved N4 billion for the construction of underpass and flyover that will connect Zaria Road/Silver Jubilee and Zoo road in the metropolis.
This was one of the decisions taken by the 11th state executive council meeting presided by Governor Abdullahi Ganduje, according to a statement made available to Vanguard by the state commissioner for Information, Youth, and Culture, Malam Muhammad Garba.
The commissioner explained that the vital project is aimed at reducing carbon emission and road accidents and beautify the state capital.
Mohammed said already the government had begun the reconstruction, expansion, rehabilitation and upgrading of existing roads in the state in addition to the completion of the underpass at Sharada/Panshekara Road Junction which had been completed and commissioned by President Buhari.
The commissioner said the state government is also working on the completion of the Murtala Mohammed Way Flyover which was inherited from the previous administration at 15 percent completion stage and Gadon Kaya underpass/Yahaya Gusau Road, among others.
Malam Garba said other council's approval included the sum of $36, 000 being payment of project fees to 18 admitted state-sponsored students in El-Razi University, Sudan; procurement of bed sheets for 31 secondary health facilities at the cost of N39 million; reconstruction work of Dawakin Kudu-Lahadin Makole Road in Dawakin Kudu Local Government at the cost of over N748 million.
Others, he said, included expansion/repairs of Giginyu-Kawo-Eastern Bypass Road in Nassarawa Local Government; rehabilitation works/upgrade of Fagwalawa Primary Healthcare Centre to Cottage Hospital for which the sum of N588 million, and 230 million, has been approved respectively.
The British and Irish Lions used a rush defence to great effect in their drawn series against the All Blacks this year but flyhalf Beauden Barrett says the world champions will be ready to counter if the Wallabies adopt the same tactic on Saturday.
The All Blacks, who face Australia in the Rugby Championship opener in Sydney, romped through last year's tournament with an average of six tries per match on the back of a fast-paced, high-skilled game with Barrett pulling the strings.
In their three-Test series, the Lions were able to stifle the All Blacks attack with a defensive pattern that pressured Barrett in close and cut off his options out wide.
While other teams may see the system as a blueprint for how to play against the world champions, 2016 World Player of the Year Barrett said the All Blacks had already come up with ways of exploiting the space it can offer.
“Some teams in Super Rugby adopted that style of defence too, and we do understand it puts the person with the ball under a bit more pressure,” said Barrett. “But ... there are opportunities elsewhere.
“If the Wallabies do bring that on Saturday, we have learned ways to deal with it. It is an ongoing trend; more teams are starting to bring that line speed.”
While Australian rugby is beset by problems on and off the field, the ease with which All Blacks won last year's Southern Hemisphere competition seems to have been forgotten, perhaps due to the Lions series.
The combined side forced the All Blacks into errors, put them under sustained pressure and exposed some poor decision making.
With the team building to the Rugby Championship and looking ahead to the 2019 World Cup, Barrett said the Lions series had been the ideal wake-up call.
“We were perhaps tested in areas where we haven't been before, so that's exactly what we wanted,” he said. “We ask those hard questions of ourselves and of our team-mates and it gets the best out of the team. It is just what we needed.”
Catch up on stories from the past week (and beyond) at the Slashdot story archive
National Engineering Firm Adds Leading Roundabout Engineer to Midwest Operations
Jay Vorisek, PE
Contact
Brittney LeTourneau
***@gaiconsultants.com Brittney LeTourneau
End
-- Bringing nearly 30 years of transportation engineering experience,joins GAI Consultants' (GAIs') growing Midwest Infrastructure group as Transportation Technical Leader. Mr. Vorisek is a recognized transportation design leader in Indiana. He has been involved in the development of over 70 roundabouts, including Indiana's first multi-lane roundabout in Carmel.• Since 1996, Jay has been at the forefront of modern roundabout engineering.• Jay's design experience includes many 'first' roundabouts throughout Indiana, in communities such as Bargersville, Beech Grove, Greenfield, Kokomo, Logansport, Johnson County, and Hendricks County.• His engineering and project management experience includes preparing environmental studies, traffic safety and capacity analysis, all facets of roadway design, and development of construction plans and specifications.• He has received over 100 hours of roundabout training and has given presentations at conferences and seminars.• Jay holds a master's degree in business administration from Indiana University and a bachelor's degree in civil engineering from University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign.• He is a registered professional engineer in Indiana and will serve GAI's clients from the firm's Indianapolis office."Jay is the preeminent roundabout design expert in Indiana, having been involved in the development of over 70 roundabouts across the State. His modelling and design expertise will elevate GAI's already strong transportation practice, allowing us to better serve our clients."Transforming ideas into reality® since 1958, GAI is an employee-owned planning, engineering, and environmental consulting firm providing local expertise to worldwide clients in the energy, transportation, development, government, and industrial markets. Visit us at http://gaiconsultants.com Connect with GAI through Social Media on Twitter (GAIConsultants), Facebook (gaiconsultants), LinkedIn (gai-consultants-inc-), and YouTube (gaiconsultants)
Six people have been confirmed dead as the result of the fire in West London
Vodafone, O2, EE and Three are offering support to those affected by the Grenfell Tower fire in London which started in the early hours of this morning (June 14).
Chargers, internet access and phones for those wishing to contact friends and family will be available from any of the operators' stores across the capital. Examples of branches include those on Portobello Road, Westfield, Notting Hill Gate, Queensway, Kensington, Hammersmith, Paddington, Earls Court, Edgeware Road, Kilburn, Acton and Chiswick.
Six people have been confirmed dead after the fire tore through the 24-storey residential block in West London on Latimer Road, near Notting Hill. Hundreds of firefighters attended the scene to extinguish the flames and rescue those trapped in the building. Smoke and fire was still visible from the block more than six hours after the fire broke out before 1am. The cause of the fire has not yet been confirmed.
Fitch: Growth and Profitability under Pressure for U.S. Captive Finance Cos.
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) Link to Fitch Ratings' Report: U.S. Captive Finance Companies: 2016 Review (Leverage Remains Elevated as Asset Quality Weakens) https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/899435 NEW YORK, June 14 (Fitch) Captive finance companies are likely to face continued pressure on profitability due to rising credit losses, declining residual values and higher funding costs, according to a review of U.S. Captive Finance Companies from Fitch Ratings. In a
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
April 15 Highlights from week eight of Super Rugby:
BULLS 26 JAGUARES 13
Flyhalf Handre Pollard booted 16 points as South Africa's Bulls ended a three-game losing streak with victory over Argentina's Jaguares at Loftus Versfeld on Saturday, just their second win in Super Rugby this season.
Tries from wing Travis Ismaiel and lock Lood de Jager saw the Bulls claim victory over a Jaguares side who had more of the possession and territory, but could not make that count on the scoreboard.
The visitors' only try was scored by scrumhalf Gonzalo Bertranou as they slipped to a third defeat of the season from their seven matches played.
READ MORE
Controversial Kriel try helps Lions roar past Stormers
Abbott scores late try to give Hurricanes close win over Blues
Milner-Skudder racing clock to be fit for Lions tour - Boyd
Rebels to seek compensation from ARU over Super Rugby plans
Crusaders' Mataele scores three tries in Crockett's record appearance
ARU will act swiftly to reassure players of future - Cheika
SA Rugby CEO says cull needed, may not be enough
Coles still battling injury blues, to miss Auckland game
Williams allowed to remove advertising from Blues kits
Lions to face Gatland junior in NZ tour opener
Australia delays axing of Force or Rebels
Brumbies safe, Australia to axe Force, Rebels
JRFU welcomes Sunwolves switch to Australian conference
STORMERS 16 LIONS 29
The Lions moved to the top of the South Africa Group with a deserved bonus-point victory over the previously unbeaten Stormers, though their first ever Super Rugby win at Newlands was not without controversy.
The Lions scored tries through hooker Malcolm Marx, centre Harold Vorster, flanker Jaco Kriel and wing Sylvian Mahuza. Kriel's score was confirmed by Television Match Official Shaun Veldsman, who said he had seen compelling evidence that the ball had been grounded, when TV replays appeared to disagree with his view.
That gave the Lions a 22-13 halftime lead and the second period was all about stout defence before a late try from Mahuza sealed the bonus-point.
CHEETAHS 27 CHIEFS 41
Winger Toni Pulu scored a brace of tries as New Zealand's Chiefs mounted a fantastic comeback from 24-0 down to earn a bonus-point victory and avoid a second successive defeat on their tour of South Africa.
Tries by winger Raymond Rhule, prop Torsten van Jaarsveld and centre Francois Venter had put the home side in control with a 24-point lead after 22 minutes, but the visitors regained their composure and started to pick holes in the Cheetahs' defence.
Pulu's double had them trailing by 10 points at halftime, and scrumhalf Tawera Kerr-Barlow, wingers James Lowe and Shaun Stevenson, and prop Hika Elliot sealed victory in the second period.
REBELS 19 BRUMBIES 17
Centre Reece Hodge kicked a last-gasp penalty as Melbourne Rebels picked up their first Super Rugby win of the season with an upset 19-17 victory over fellow Australian side the Brumbies on Saturday.
Hodge made the difference with his boot, landing four penalties and a conversion as the Rebels let an early 10-point lead slip after conceding three yellow cards. Sefa Naivalu scored the only try for the hosts.
The Brumbies' 10-game winning streak over Australian sides came to an end despite tries from Henry Speight (2) and Jarrad Butler, though the Australian conference leaders managed to convert just one of them.
BLUES 24 HURRICANES 28
Lock Mark Abbott scored his second try of the match with seven minutes remaining to give the Hurricanes a victory over the Blues in a scrappy, error-ridden game at Eden Park.
Abbott, inside centre Ngani Laumape and flyhalf Beauden Barrett crossed in the first half for the visitors while fullback Jordie Barrett slotted four conversions.
Scrumhalf Augustine Pulu, winger Melani Nanai and lock Scott Scrafton all scored tries for the home side with Piers Francis adding two conversions while replacement flyhalf Bryn Gatland added a penalty and conversion.
REDS 47 KINGS 34
Wingers Eto Nabuli and Izaia Perese and fullback Karmichael Hunt all grabbed two tries each as the Queensland Reds withstood a late surge from South Africa's Kings at Lang Park to end a six-game losing streak.
The Reds produced a storming third quarter when they scored five tries, including one to George Smith, while inside centre Duncan Paia'aua was in the sin bin for a dangerous tackle. Reds flyhalf Quade Cooper added six conversions.
Flanker Chris Cloete, scrumhalf Louis Schreuder, winger Makazole Mapimpi (2) and fullback Masixole Banda all crossed for the Kings, who scored three tries between the 67th and 75th minute to put the Reds under pressure.
CRUSADERS 50 SUNWOLVES 3
Manasa Mataele scored three tries in the first half as the Crusaders celebrated Wyatt Crockett's record 176th appearance with victory over the Sunwolves in Christchurch.
All Blacks captain Kieran Read, making his first appearance following wrist surgery last year, Ben Funnell, Pete Samu, George Bridge and Whetu Douglas also crossed for the home side.
Richie Mo'unga slotted three conversions and replacement Marty McKenzie added two more while the Sunwolves were restricted to a Yu Tamura penalty. (Compiled by Greg Stutchbury, Sudipto Ganguly and Nick Said.; Editing by Ed Osmond and Ian Chadband)
GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks fall, dollar pares losses after Fed decision
NEW YORK, June 14 U.S. stocks fell in volatile trading while the dollar pared losses on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve delivered a widely expected interest rate hike and announced it would begin cutting its huge holdings of bonds this year.
(refiles to fix sign-off)
BEIJING, March 30 The National Hockey League (NHL) will stage two annual exhibition games in China from this year as it looks to build interest in the sport among the country's 1.3 billion people ahead of the 2022 Winter Olympics to be hosted by Beijing.
Commissioner Gary Bettman announced on Thursday at a media conference in Beijing that the league's Los Angeles Kings and Vancouver Canucks would play pre-season games on Sept. 21 in Shanghai and on Sept. 23 in Beijing.
The NHL is the latest major sports league looking to tap the vast China market, following the National Basketball Association (NBA), which has a large fan base in the country, and European soccer teams. (Reporting by Lusha Zhang and Tony Munroe; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
Dec 10 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Portuguese championship matches on Sunday Sunday, December 10 Belenenses 1 Pacos de Ferreira 1 Portimonense 0 GD Chaves 1 Vitoria Setubal 0 Porto 5 Saturday, December 9 Benfica 3 Estoril 1 Boavista 1 Sporting 3 CD Aves 0 CD Tondela 1 Friday, December 8 Rio Ave 2 Moreirense 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Porto 14 11 3 0 36 5 36 ------------------------- 2 Sporting 14 11 3 0 30 9 36 ------------------------- 3 Benfica 14 10 3 1 32 9 33 4 Braga 13 9 1 3 25 12 28 ------------------------- 5 Maritimo 13 7 3 3 14 10 24 ------------------------- 6 Rio Ave 14 7 2 5 16 11 23 7 Vitoria Guimaraes 13 6 2 5 17 22 20 8 GD Chaves 14 5 3 6 16 19 18 9 Boavista 14 5 2 7 14 17 17 10 Belenenses 14 5 2 7 14 18 17 11 Portimonense 14 4 4 6 22 24 16 12 CD Tondela 14 4 3 7 17 21 15 13 CD Aves 14 3 4 7 12 20 13 14 Pacos de Ferreira 14 3 4 7 15 27 13 15 CD Feirense 13 3 2 8 11 18 11 16 Vitoria Setubal 14 2 4 8 13 28 10 ------------------------- 17 Moreirense 14 1 5 8 9 23 8 18 Estoril 14 2 2 10 9 29 8 1: Champions League / EC I 2: Champions League preliminary round 3-4: Europa League preliminary round 5: Europa League depending on domestic cup 17-18: Relegation Next Fixtures (GMT): Monday, December 11 Vitoria Guimaraes v CD Feirense (1900) Maritimo v Braga (2100)
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Vodafone said on Friday it was in talks with John Malone's Liberty Global about buying some of the cable company's assets in Europe.
“Vodafone confirms that it is in early stage discussions with Liberty Global regarding the potential acquisition of certain overlapping continental European assets owned by Liberty Global,” the company said in response to a report in the Financial Times.
Shares in Vodafone rose 5.5 percent.
The world's second biggest mobile operator and the cable company, which have overlapping operations in countries including Britain and Germany, discussed swapping assets in 2015, but they could not reach agreement on values.
The two, however, did agree to form joint venture in the Netherlands.
Armed with a charming appeal and promising acting skills, this striking heartthrob (SH) is one of the most sought after actors in Philippine show business. Moreover, many view SH as a sweet young man especially when he and his onscreen partner (OP) are caught on camera. Besides their public displays of affection, they have only good words for each other every time they are interviewed.
Surprisingly, GH is getting his share of online bashing lately and accused of being an untrue gentleman. Behind the camera, SH apparently leaves OP behind when walking together, never lending her a hand when getting in and out of a car or climbing the stairs.
With that, many are wondering if the affection he shows her onscreen is genuine indeed or are they both just faking it for the sake of their fans?
Buying gold coins or shares of a gold ETF are just two of many ways investors can gain exposure to the yellow stuff. One of the more common options, though, is picking up shares of a gold-mining company. With so many companies to choose from, it may seem like a daunting task, so let's narrow our focus to two of the industry's stalwarts: Yamana Gold(NYSE: AUY) and Goldcorp(NYSE: GG).
Continue Reading Below
Getting to know you
Headquartered in Canada, both Yamana Gold and Goldcorp maintain portfolios with assets spread throughout the Americas. Yamana, for example, operates five gold-producing mines in South America and one in Canada; moreover, it has three development projects in Argentina plus numerous exploration projects.Goldcorp, on the other hand, operates four mines in Canada, two mines in Mexico, and four mines in Central and South America. With numerous organic growth projects in its pipeline, Goldcorp is one of the world's largest gold miners.
Image source: Getty Images.
The most decisive factor in choosing an investment, though, is hardly which business operates the most mines, so let's compare the companies on some important metrics to gain better insight.
Company Market Cap FY 2016 Revenue FY 2016 Earnings per Share FY 2016 Operating Margin FY 2016 Return on Equity Goldcorp $13.1B $3.51B $0.19 10.5% 1.23% Yamana Gold $3.0B $1.79B ($0.33) (26.5%) (6.58%)
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Data source: Morningstar.
This brief look suggests Goldcorp is the better choice, beating Yamana on a variety of points. There are plenty of other things to consider, though, so let's grab our pickaxes and dig even deeper.
The case for Yamana Gold
Yamana Gold seems to have struggled in 2016, but peering further back in its past provides a different perspective — one that illustrates the company's superior ability to generate free cash flow. According to Morningstar, Yamana reported $169 million in free cash flow for FY 2016, representing an 11.2% improvement over the previous year. Goldcorp, on the other hand, reported a 53.6% decline in its free cash flow year over year.
And according to Yamana Gold's management, the company's free cash flow growth is poised to continue.In fiscal 2017, management forecasts expansionary capital expenditures to total $270 million as it strives to develop the Cerro Moro mine andBarnat extension at Canadian Malartic. Once these projects are completed, though, management expects expansionary capital to decline significantly after completion of Cerro Moro and the Barnat extension in late 2018. As a result, management foresees free cash flow growing significantly as expansionary capex falls to approximately $50 million to $75 million annually.
Perhaps the most compelling reason for investors to opt for Yamana Gold is not the company's free cash flow growth prospects, but the stock's valuation. Management recently disappointed investors when it revealed in a mid-February press release that it would be foregoing acquisitions in the near future and remain in an “organic growth phase.” Shares fell about 10% in the day following the release and have failed to recover since. Consequently, the stock appears much more attractively priced than Goldcorp's stock.
AUY PS Ratio (Annual) data by YCharts.
Yamana Gold not only trades at a lower sales multiple compared to Goldcorp, but according to Morningstar, it's also cheaper compared to its 5-year average sales multiple of 3.2, and the industry average 3.5 multiple. And the disparity in price tags becomes even more apparent when considering them from the perspective of cash from operations per share.
The case for Goldcorp
Goldcorp may be pricier, but it's for a valid reason: Investors are willing to pay for quality. With a substantially larger portfolio, Goldcorp benefits from economies of scale, unlike Yamana Gold. In fiscal 2016, for example, Goldcorp reported all-in sustaining costs (AISC) of $856 per gold ounce. Yamana Gold, on the other hand, reported AISC of $911 per gold ounce. Presumably, this disparity will remain in the coming year. Whereas Goldcorp's management forecasts AISC per gold ounce between $808 and $893 for fiscal 2017, Yamana Gold's management expects AISC per gold ounce between $890 and $910. Looking further into the future, one finds the contrast may be even greater. Goldcorp has revealed a five-year strategy that entails reducing its AISC to approximately $700 per gold ounce by 2021; however, Yamana Gold has provided no such outlook — five years or otherwise.
Reducing costs is only one aspect of Goldcorp's five-year growth strategy; management also aspires to increase gold production and reserves by 2021. If successful, Goldcorp will achieve gold production of approximately three million to four million ounces of gold, and it will grow gold reserves from 42.3 million ounces, which it reported in fiscal 2016, to 50 million ounces. Juxtaposed with Yamana's gold production outlook, Goldcorp is clearly the better choice. Reporting 1.27 million ounces of gold production in fiscal 2016, Yamana is forecasting gold production to decrease by 13.4% to 1.1 million ounces in fiscal 2019.
Yet another reason Goldcorp appears the better opportunity than Yamana Gold is the company's balance sheet.
AUY Debt to Equity Ratio (Annual) data by YCharts.
In fact, the balance sheet is so strong that Goldcorp maintains an investment-grade credit rating.
And the winner is…
In deciding between these two gold miners, the better opportunity undoubtedly lies with Goldcorp. Producing gold at a significantly better margin in fiscal 2016, Goldcorp will likely further distinguish itself from Yamana Gold in the years to come as it drives toward its target of AISC of $700 per gold ounce by 2021.
In addition, Goldcorp has a variety of projects in its pipeline on which it can rely for growth. From numerous exploration projects like Quebrada Seca to the newly acquired development projects, Cerro Casale and Caspiche, Goldcorp is not levered to the successful execution of one or two projects. Yamana Gold, conversely, is largely relying on its Cerro Moro project — with first gold production in early 2018 — to ensure long-term success.
Although Goldcorp appears pricier than Yamana Gold at the moment, this should hardly dissuade investors from choosing the former over the latter. Goldcorp represents a much better opportunity for long-term-oriented investors.
10 stocks we like better than Goldcorp
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…and Goldcorp wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017.
Scott Levine has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
SEOUL, March 29 Daily net trading in shares on South Korea's main stock exchange by three major categories of investors as of 0720 GMT, in billions of South Korean won (a negative figure indicates net selling): FOREIGNERS INSTITUTIONS RETAIL March 29 -53.5 -33.5 36.3 ^March 28 20.7 -81.8 1.9 March 27 36.4 -104.7 16.7 March 24 -89.1 220.7 -186.8 March 23 52.6 18.2 -128.4 March 22 -96.2 -116.9 181.3 March 21 362.7 -189.9 -234.8 March 20 -84.8 -51.7 85.0 March 17 251.2 -210.4 -93.5 March 16 279.8 -89.3 -237.4 March 15 128.9 -268.8 84.7 March 14 405.7 -406.5 -50.1 March 13 454.6 -216.1 -282.4 March 10 160.1 -278.0 56.9 March 9 444.8 -617.5 110.5 Month to date 3,400.1 -3,532.4 -954.5 Year to date 5,345.6 -4,818.7 -2,641.3 ^ March 28 figures revised. ($1 = 1,114.2500 won) (Reporting by Jeongeun Lee)
BERLIN A German judge authorised on Thursday the arrest of a 26-year-old Iraqi man detained after an attack on a bus carrying players of a soccer team, and prosecutors said they believed he was a member of Islamic State.
The Federal Prosecutor's Office said the man, identified as Abdul Beset A., had joined Islamic State in Iraq by the end of 2014 at the latest and had led a 10-man command unit there. The jihadist group controls parts of Iraq and Syria.
"The task of his unit was to prepare abductions, kidnappings, extortions and killings," the prosecutor's office said in a statement.
The man travelled to Turkey in March 2015 and from there on to Germany in early 2016.
"Also from Germany, the accused continued to maintain contacts with members of 'IS'," it added, citing the grounds for the arrest.
Earlier, the prosecutor's office there was no evidence that the man had taken part in the attack in the western city of Dortmund.
Three explosions went off as the Borussia Dortmund bus travelled to the club's stadium for their Champions League match against AS Monaco on Tuesday, injuring Spanish defender Marc Bartra and delaying the fixture by a day.
Security is an issue in campaigning for Germany's federal election on Sept. 24, a tight battle in which Chancellor Angela Merkel is seeking a fourth term. In December, a Tunisian man killed 12 people when he ploughed a truck through a Berlin Christmas market.
Last year, Merkel lost support to the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) party after opening the country's doors to more than a million migrants. The AfD has since seen its ratings fall while the chancellor has regained some poise.
MILITARY DETONATORS
Bild newspaper said on Thursday that military detonators had been used to set off the three explosive devices, probably remotely using a mobile phone.
Three identical letters printed in German found near the scene of the attack in Dortmund suggested a possible Islamist motive for the attack.
One of the letters, published by Bild, starts with the Islamic phrase "In the Name of God, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful" and demands the withdrawal of German Tornado surveillance planes from Syria and the closure of the U.S. military air base in Ramstein, Germany.
"As of now, all infidel actors, singers, athletes and all prominent personalities in Germany and other crusader nations are on a death list of the Islamic State," the letter said.
Bild said prosecutors were also investigating two additional suspects in the attack, one a neo-Nazi sympathiser and another from a radical leftist group.
(Additional reporting by Rene Wagner and Paul Carrel; Editing by John Stonestreet and Gareth Jones)
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — A transgender teacher in Kansas has been named "National Educator of the Year" by the Gay, Lesbian & Straight Education Network.
Wichita North High School music teacher Stephanie Byers came out as a transgender woman in 2014, The Wichita Eagle reported.
Byers said she decided to come out as a transgender woman just five years shy of possible retirement, despite her fears about what it could mean for her and those around her.
"There was an urgency to it, and I could no longer put it off," Byers said. "But there's still the fear, because you never know."
Advertisement
Byers said she didn't transition to be a pioneer or an advocate, but that she's become both.
The 55-year-old has in recent years met with school leaders, participated on panels about LGBTQ issues, talked with parents about gender identity, chaperoned a local "Day of Advocacy" and spoken at the state Capitol.
Byers said she's received "absolutely amazing" support from Wichita district officials and from North High Principal Sherman Padgett.
"People that I have never spoken to in this building came up and wrapped their arms around me to tell me how much they care for me and love me and were proud of me," Byers said. "It was very, very affirming."
Padgett said he nominated Byers for the award because she's "just an all-around great teacher and a great person."
"It would be great if we could get to the point where we can normalize the LGBTQ community," said Padgett. "She chose to live her true identity, and when that just becomes normal, that's when kids will realize they belong here just as much as everyone else."
___
Information from: The Wichita (Kan.) Eagle, http://www.kansas.com
March 28 Premier Foods Plc:
* Pensions update
* 2016 actuarial valuations now agreed with all UK pension schemes
* Cash payments to schemes reduced by further £32m over next three financial years
* Agreed a schedule of pension deficit cash contributions with trustees of company's pension schemes
* Payments fixed for nearly six years; from april 2014 until december 2019
* No deficit contributions to rhm schemes in recovery plan
* Reductions and re-phasing of deficit contributions to premier foods' schemes 1
* Administration costs over next three years to be part funded by rhm schemes by £2m per annum Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
(Adds comment on merger, listing)
By Stanley Carvalho
ABU DHABI, March 30 Abu Dhabi state-owned fund Mubadala Investment Company is lining up new overseas investments in 2017 and may also sell or reduce some of its existing stakes in companies, its chief executive said on Thursday.
Mubadala, which is merging with Abu Dhabi-owned International Petroleum Investment Company (IPIC), will not see any change it its strategy after the merger, which will be completed in May, Khaldoon al-Mubarak told Reuters in an interview.
The company said in January the merged entity would have assets of about $125 billion.
"For 2017, we have lined up several very interesting and important investments," al Mubarak said, adding the fund would continue to invest in traditional sectors as well as new sectors such as energy and technology.
"We are not shifting focus, investment is a broader, more descriptive word."
Al Mubarak hinted that Mubadala, which recently cut its stake in Advance Micro Devices, may pare down its stakes in other companies this year.
"For 2017, if we find the right opportunity to divest at the right time, we will do so. But that doesn't change our growth trajectory and strategy," he said.
Mubadala partly owns Emirates Global Aluminium (EGA), one of the world's top five producers, which recently invited banks to pitch for a role in its planned initial public offering, Reuters reported this month.
Al Mubarak declined to give Mubadala's investment outlay for 2017 saying it all depends on the investment cycle and deal flows.
Asked if the fund could sell shares and become a listed company, he said he did not foresee Mubadala itself being listed as it is owned by the government.
Listings could happen at the investment level, meaning Mubadala could take some of its subsidiaries public, he said.
(Reporting By Stanley Carvalho, editing by Saeed Azhar and Susan Fenton)
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
According to the online newpaper Zerkalo Nedeli (Weekly Mirror), the whole scheme is simple: defense enterprises get 100 percent down payment on contracts and corrupt Defense Ministry officials extend the deadlines for contracts that are never implemented.
As a result, the enterprises do not meet their contractual obligations and avoid sanctions. In the meantime, the state funds are used in outside deals lining the pockets of the organizers of these criminal schemes.
Another way of cashing state funds is to use “ghost” contractors for the supply of spare parts.
They remit the money to sub-contractors — fictitious enterprises existing on paper only. Laundered through these one-off firms, the money ends up in the bank accounts of physical persons and is redeemed.
“The thing is, any kind of state activity in Ukraine is imitation meant to cover up criminal schemes enriching government officials and everyone else involved in the process,” political analyst Alexander Asafov told RT.
He added that such schemes were nothing new as they have been used since former President Leonid Kuchma's second term in office.
Ersatz Armor
In the rare cases when they are forced to implement their contracts, Ukrainian defense enterprises supply the country's military with faulty hardware.
In 2014, the Defense Ministry paid almost 30 million hryvnas ($1.3 million) to Ukrinmash for the purchase of foreign-made SpyArrowe drones. The company took a whole 18 months to supply the drones many of which proved unable to fly.
A tank factory in Kiev tried to pocket some of the money it received from the state by saving on armor quality. Instead of using bullet-resisting steel they supplied their APC's with one that could be easily punctured.
In another case of large-scale theft of public funds the Kharkiv Design Bureau of Mechanical Engineering supplied 219 million hryvnas' worth of armored vehicles ($9.4 million), all of which were immediately found to be unfit for service.
The list of such criminal schemes goes on.
“What we see is an imitation of the country's military potential. As a result, the weapons now pose a deadly threat to the very people who are supposed to use them,” People's Diplomacy Fund expert Vladimir Kireyev told RT.
“Yatsenyuk's Wall”
“The most beautiful corruption scheme is the so-called ‘European Wall' or ‘Yatsenyuk's Wall,' which costs Ukrainian taxpayers very, very dearly,” Alexander Asafov said.
Last year Anton Gerashchenko, a top adviser to the Ukrainian interior minister Arsen Avakov, said that about $400 million had already been spent on the wall meant to separate Ukraine from Russia, and that billions more could be needed to finish the job.
Many experts wonder how so much money could have been spent to erect a simple fence with a metal mesh.
Beneficiaries
According to Fatherland party leader and former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko, President Petro Poroshenko is the main beneficiary of the corruption schemes in the country defense-industrial complex.
“The war goes on because Poroshenko and his inner circle use it to make money. They are covering up the insane corruption in Ukraine and this is exactly why people hate the government,” Tymoshenko said during a news briefing in June.
© Sputnik/ STR
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Europe
FILE PHOTO: U.S. 100 dollar banknotes and Chinese 100 yuan banknotes are seen in this picture illustration in Beijing, China, January 21, 2016. REUTERS/Jason Lee/Illustration/File Photo
BEIJING China called on the United States to play its part in resolving trade frictions between the two countries, and said Beijing isn't devaluing its currency to boost exports as tensions simmered ahead of President Xi Jinping's first meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump.
Trump set the tone for what could be a tense meeting at his Mar-a-Lago retreat next week by tweeting on Thursday that the United States could no longer tolerate massive trade deficits and job losses.
The leaders of the world's two largest economies are scheduled to meet next Thursday and Friday for the first time since Trump assumed office on Jan. 20.
In Thursday's tweet, Trump said the highly anticipated meeting, which is also expected to cover differences over North Korea and China's strategic ambitions in the South China Sea, "will be a very difficult one."
Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang acknowledged there was a trade imbalance, but said this was mostly due to differences in their two economic structures and noted that China had a trade deficit in services.
"China does not deliberately seek a trade surplus. We also have no intention of carrying out competitive currency devaluation to stimulate exports. This is not our policy," Zheng told a briefing about the Xi-Trump meeting.
The yuan fell 6.5 percent last year in its biggest annual loss against the dollar since 1994, knocked by pressure from sluggish economic growth and a broadly strong U.S. currency.
China's last one-off currency devaluation, a 2 percent move in August 2015, shocked global markets and was widely viewed by traders and economists as a failure.
Trump has frequently accused China of keeping its currency artificially low against the dollar to make Chinese exports cheaper, and "stealing" American manufacturing jobs.
While he resisted acting on a campaign promise to declare China a currency manipulator on his first day in office, tensions have persisted over how the Trump administration's China policy would evolve.
Zheng said domestic consumption in China will increase as it pursues economic reforms, helping to raise demand for foreign goods and services, including those from the United States.
"This also helps ameliorate the trade imbalance between China and the United States," he said.
Chinese investment in the U.S. is also rising, creating more employment opportunities, Zheng said, adding that Beijing is willing to work with Washington to promote more balanced trade between the two countries.
He said the trade imbalance can be resolved by improved cooperation, and urged Washington to lift restrictions on civilian technology exports to China and create better conditions for Chinese investment in the United States.
Referring to protracted negotiations on a U.S.-China Bilateral Investment Treaty given disagreements about access to sectors the sides deem sensitive, Zheng said China remained committed to seeking solutions through dialog.
Nonetheless, the United States had to do play its part too, he said.
"China can expand imports from the United States. The United States should take steps to promote exports to China," Zheng said.
"As long as both sides broaden their thinking, take positive moves, both countries can do a lot in the trade and business sphere, and can achieve mutually beneficial, win-win results."
(Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
May 2 Jinke Property Group Co Ltd
* Says two units of Sunac China Holdings Ltd, which are Jinke shareholder's parties acting in concert, have bought 266.5 million shares in the company between Dec 9, 2016 and April 28, 2017, representing 4.99 percent of total issued share capital of the company
* Says three units of Sunac China hold a combined 25 percent of total issued share capital of the company as of April 28, 2017
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2qmGNO6
Further company coverage:
(Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
March 28 Shanghai Haixin Group Co Ltd :
* Says it will close a Nanjing-based clothing unit and dispose assets due to the unit's heavy losses
* Says it will buy 35.4 percent stake in a Jiangxi-based pharma unit from 2 subsidiaries, to raise its stake in the pharma unit to 61.0 percent from 25.6 percent
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/JDLtJY
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
(ADVISORY- Follow European and UK stock markets in real time on the Reuters Live Markets blog on Eikon, see cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets)
* FTSE 100 up 0.4 pct
* Tesco falls after results
* UK grocers also down
* Pagegroup earnings well-received
By Kit Rees
LONDON, April 12 Britain's top share index rose on Tuesday, holding close to a three-week peak though results weighed on Tesco's shares and the broader UK supermarket sector.
The blue chip FTSE 100 index was up 0.4 percent at 7,392.27 points by 0940 GMT in light volumes ahead of a market holiday later in the week.
Financials and industrial stocks added the most points to the index, with engineer Rolls-Royce the biggest gainer, up 3.1 percent. Gains were broad-based, with both Old Mutual and Mediclinic rising around 1.7 percent and GKN up 1.5 percent.
British grocers were the biggest fallers, however, led lower by a 4.6 percent drop in Tesco's shares after the supermarket reported full-year figures.
While Tesco's full-year profit beat forecasts with a 30 percent rise, showing that its recovery is gaining pace, analysts flagged a few negatives such as a decline in international margin and a slowdown in UK and Ireland margins.
Likewise Tesco's shares had rallied around 6 percent over the past 5 sessions going into the results.
"I am particularly surprised that Tesco finds itself so far down at the bottom (of the FTSE 100) because it seems, on all accounts, to be quite a positive results release on the whole," Henry Croft, research analyst at Accendo Markets, said.
"It just seems that these exceptional costs have really got in the way of investor sentiment because returning to sales growth for the first time in seven years is no mean feat," Accendo Markets' Croft added.
Peers Morrison's and Sainsbury also fell, both down around 1.3 percent, while mid cap Booker Group , which has agreed to a 3.7 billion pound ($4.6 billion) takeover by Tesco, also dropped 3.4 percent.
Shares in recruiter Pagegroup were the top gainers among British mid caps, rising 6.5 percent after it posted a record quarterly gross profit that beat expectations, helped by growth in its markets outside the UK. (Reporting by Kit Rees; Editing by Toby Chopra)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
BAGHDAD -- Iraqi officials say a suicide bomber has blown up his explosives-laden vehicle in a bustling market area in Baghdad, killing at least 18 people.
A police officer says the bomber driving a pickup truck attacked an outdoor fruit and vegetable market, daily laborers and a police checkpoint in Baghdad's eastern Sadr City district. He said up to 25 other people were wounded in that attack.
Two medical officials confirmed casualty figures. All officials spoke on condition of anonymity as they were not authorized to release information.
No group immediately claimed responsibility for the attack, but it has all the hallmarks of the Islamic State group, which has staged multiple similar attacks in the past. The attack came as French President Francois Hollande started an official visit to Iraq to meet officials and French troops.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Xiamen Intretech Inc :
* The company's Zhangzhou-based industry unit was recognized as high-tech enterprise, and to enjoy a tax preference of 15 percent for three years from 2017 to 2019
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/7ko6Hh
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Kangyue Technology Co Ltd
* Says it will invest 10 million yen to set up a wholly owned import and export unit in Qingdao
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/MwibwP
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 12 TRC Companies Inc
* TRC awarded $14.2 million Los Angeles power plant decommissioning contract
* TRC Companies - won $14.2 million contract to decommission one of 3 generating units at major Los Angeles power plant, 2 other units remain in full service
* TRC Companies - TRC to serve as general contractor for decommissioning and razing of Los Angeles department of water, power (LADWP) scattergood unit 3 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Aug 13 (Gracenote) - Result from the Supercoppa TIM Final match on Sunday Final Sunday, August 13 Juventus - Lazio 2-3 (halftime: 0-1)
MILAN, April 15 AC Milan hit back from two goals behind and equalised with the last kick of the game to force an extraordinary 2-2 draw against Inter Milan on Saturday as the historic derby was played at lunchtime for the first time and with both clubs under Chinese ownership.
Inter appeared to be cruising after Antonio Candreva and Mauro Icardi scored to give them a 2-0 halftime lead before Alessandro Romagnoli pulled one back with seven minutes left.
Milan then won a corner in the seventh minute of stoppage-time, Inter failed to clear and Cristian Zapata at the far post managed to force the ball back towards goal.
It hit the underside of the crossbar and was hooked away by Gary Medel but the referee, aided by goal technology, signalled that the ball had crossed the line, prompting wild celebrations among the Milan players.
There was not even time for the game to restart.
The result kept AC Milan sixth in Serie A, inside the European places, while Inter stayed outside in seventh, two points behind their rivals.
The match was played less than 48 hours after Milan were sold to a Chinese-led consortium in a 740 million-euro ($788 million) deal, following in the footsteps of Inter who have been owned by retail giant Suning Commerce Group since June.
The lunchtime kickoff, the first in 218 meetings of the old rivals, was designed for the Asian television market, though criticised by local fans. Media reports predicted a potential worldwide television audience of 862 million viewers. (Editing by Ed Osmond)
FILE PHOTO: Cast member Emma Watson poses at the premiere of 'Beauty and the Beast' in Los Angeles, California, U.S. March 2, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: The cast of 'Stranger Things' poses with the awards they won for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series backstage at the 23rd Screen Actors Guild Awards in Los Angeles, California, U.S., January 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Director of the movie Bill Condon poses at the premiere of 'Beauty and the Beast' in Los Angeles, California, U.S. March 2, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni/File Photo
Jordan Peele accepts his award for Director of the Year with a video message at the Big Screen Achievement Awards during CinemaCon, a convention of movie theater owners, in Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Steve Marcus - RTX33HBS
LOS ANGELES Horror comedy "Get Out," the hit movie with a racial twist, led nominations on Thursday for the MTV Movie and TV Awards in a list that dispenses with gender classifications and pits film, television and streaming shows against each other.
"Get Out," written and directed by comedian Jordan Peele, earned six nominations including for movie of the year, the best actor for star Daniel Kaluuya, the best villain and a new category called "best fight against the system."
Previously known as the MTV Movie Awards, the youth-orientated network widened the categories of its annual show to include television for the first time. This year's show will air live from Los Angeles on May 7 and will be hosted by Adam DeVine of the "Pitch Perfect" movies and Comedy Central's "Workaholics" series.
"We're living in a golden age of content, and great storytelling and characters resonate regardless of whether you're watching it in a theater or on TV," Chris McCarthy, president of MTV, said in a statement.
MTV, known for its irreverent awards shows, also replaced its former best actor and actress categories with the all-embracing, gender-neutral "best actor in a movie" and "best actor in a show."
The changes produced a list of nominations on Thursday that included "Game of Thrones" star Emilia Clarke competing for best actor in a show against Donald Glover of "Atlanta" and Mandy Moore from "This is Us."
The fan favorite best kiss category included nods for the gay teen embrace between Ashton Sanders and Jharrel Jerome in the Oscar-winning movie "Moonlight," and for Taraji P. Henson and Terrence Howard from TV hip-hop industry drama "Empire."
Other key nominations included movie "Beauty and the Beast" and Netflix sci-fi horror show "Stranger Things," with four nods each. Scoring three nominations each were TV shows "Atlanta," "Game of Thrones" and "This is Us," along with movies "Hidden Figures," "Logan" and "Moonlight."
The MTV awards show features the stars of blockbuster productions and has established itself as a laid-back antidote to Hollywood's awards season, which tends to honor more serious fare. Winners are chosen by fans voting online.
New categories this year include the best American story, for a TV show or movie that showcases America at its "open and diverse" best. MTV said "best fight against the system" (formerly best fight) will recognize the TV show or movie whose characters exemplify a fight "against a system that tries to keep them down."
(Reporting by Piya Sinha-Roy and Jill Serjeant; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
Share This: Ready Player One's Screenwriter Is Hard At Work On A Matrix Reboot Jon
A few years back, news broke that screenwriter Zak Penn (The Avengers, Ready Player One) is working on a reboot of The Matrix. With Keanu Reeves pledging not to return unless the Wachowskis are involved, it's safe to assume that Penn is planning to introduce some new characters. In fact, he indirectly confirmed this in a recent interview with Screen Rant. “I just think that universe is brilliant,” he said. “And it doesn't always have to be the same characters. You could go in so many different directions.”
While the future of The Matrix remains uncertain, Penn confirmed that he's still fighting hard for the reboot. “That's a franchise I desperately want to see brought back,” he explained. “I can't go in to too much detail, but I've been harassing Warner Bros. for years to try to get it going again, so that's one thing I'm working on.”
By all indications, Penn's script for Ready Player One has some parallels to The Matrix (virtual reality, incessant pop culture references), so its box office performance is likely to play a role in the future of Neo, Morpheus, Trinity, and their movie offspring. Having now worked on both series, Penn is quick to acknowledge at least one crucial parallel: “Both the Matrix and OASIS are similar in that they are brilliant ideas for universes.”
Ready Player One arrives in theatres on March 29. Check out the trailer below.
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
NEW YORK (Reuters Breakingviews) - Facebook's idea of slowdown is more like a steady clip. The social network reported a striking 51 percent jump in advertising revenue, to $7.9 billion, in the first quarter. Instagram's success with users is helping the team effort. Boss Mark Zuckerberg is adding 3,000 staff to police content after a spate of violent videos. He may need more to contain reputational risk.
For months Facebook executives have warned that ad spending would see a “meaningful” slowdown this year. That has yet to materialize. The year-over-year growth rate in the first three months of the year was down just 2 percentage points from the preceding quarter.
Instagram, with a visual canvas that's attractive to brands, is probably part of the reason for the bump. The photo-sharing network has seen daily active users surge by 100 million over the past six months to 700 million. Facebook doesn't break out Instagram's advertising revenue though Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg said Wednesday that the product is one of the most important mobile-ad platforms for the $440 billion firm, alongside the flagship.
Executives renewed their warning of an ad slowdown, though. A pullback is likely as the company reduces the amount of advertising inventory in its network.
Other concerns may eventually weigh on growth, including how Facebook handles violent content. Last month, it took the social network several hours to take down two videos, one chronicling a killing in Cleveland, Ohio, and another a murder-suicide in Thailand.
Zuckerberg plans to almost double the number of staff keeping an eye out for questionable content, to 7,500. It's unlikely to be the last such move. Members watched 100 million hours of video a day in early 2016, the last time Facebook disclosed that metric. That number has since grown it launched live video later in that year.
For now, Facebook's road looks wide open as it pursues Zuckerberg's goal of building its community of nearly 2 billion users. The company even embraced the idea that stock-option compensation should fully be counted toward its costs, and stopped reporting adjusted numbers. Yellow flags can't dent the speed.
LONDON Acacia Mining (ACAA.L) reported a 15 percent rise in its first-quarter gold production on Thursday but said sales undershot due to a ban on gold and copper exports by Tanzania.
The government halted the export of unprocessed ore on March 3, following President John Magufuli's call for the construction of more gold smelters in the country, Africa's fourth-largest gold producer.
Gold output for the quarter was 219,670 ounces but sales were lower by 34,926 ounces due to the ban, Acacia said in a statement.
However, Tanzania's biggest gold producer stuck to its full-year production targets, as its mines continue to operate normally while negotiations continue with the government.
The export ban reduced cashflow by about $33 million (£25.84 million) for the quarter and affects sales from two of its three mines, the company said.
Acacia said in February it expects production this year to be between 850,000-900,000 ounces, up from about 830,000 ounces last year.
(Reporting by Zandi Shabalala; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 6 NordLB board member Hinrich Holm says at annual press conference
* NordLB still working with KKR on sale of shipping loan portfolio, hoping for completion in Q2
* Prolonged shipping crisis held up deal that was earmarked to be completed by end-2016 Further company coverage:
* reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=stock-index-poll Reuters poll data
* Nikkei will likely end year 7 pct higher from 2016
* Risks in first half of 2017 include French election
* Trump expected to turn focus to stimulus in second half of 2017
By Ayai Tomisawa
TOKYO, March 29 Japanese stocks could step back before mid-year as uncertainty over the U.S. legislative agenda and elections in Europe slow recent modest momentum but they are expected to finish the year up around 7 percent, a Reuters poll found.
Market participants say anticipated U.S. interest rate hikes this year could strengthen the dollar against the yen, a positive for Japanese equities, even as the Bank of Japan is expected to eventually start moving away from its ultra-easy monetary policy, perhaps as soon as this year.
The Nikkei share average is forecast to trade at 19,000 at end-June 2017, compared to Tuesday's close of 19,202.87, according to the median in a poll of more than 20 analysts taken by Reuters in the past week. It will then reach 20,500 by the end of the year.
The benchmark index closed out 2016 at 19,114.37.
Forecasts for mid-2017 ranged from 16,500 to 22,000. They were 12,000 to 24,000 for the end of the year, and 9,000-26,000 for June 2018.
On Monday, the Nikkei skidded to more than six-week lows after the perceived safe-haven yen rose to its strongest level since November against the dollar as U.S. President Donald Trump's failure to pass a healthcare bill raised questions about his ability to push through tax cuts and fiscal spending to boost the economy.
Another near-term risk is the French presidential election on April 23, analysts said.
"There is about 40 percent chance that the Nikkei may fall below 18,000 before June. The key negative risks include Trump's protectionist trade stance as well as the French presidential election," said Akio Yoshino, chief economist of the investment management division at Amundi Japan.
He said a victory for far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen in the French presidential election would be negative for French and European stocks, and may have repercussions for Asian shares. Current opinion polls show it will be won by independent centrist Emmanuel Macron.
Japanese equities have made double-digit percentage gains since Trump's election on hopes his administration will boost U.S. economic growth to 3 percent or even higher.
Analysts said in the longer term, investors will buy Japanese cyclical stocks such as exporters as the dollar gains against the yen thanks to rising U.S. interest rates.
A cheaper yen makes Japanese exporters more competitive abroad and lifts their profits when repatriated.
Also benefiting from stronger U.S. economic footing are Japanese financial stocks - such as banks and insurers - as they seek to boost returns from higher yielding U.S. bonds, they said.
"After many twists and turns, I think Trump will focus on his economic policies in the fall. I expect the dollar to trade above 115 yen and the Nikkei will likely regain momentum," said Takuya Takahashi, a strategist at Daiwa Securities.
(For other stories from the Reuters global stock markets poll) (Additional polling by Vartika Sahu and Vivek Mishra; Editing by Jonathan Cable & Shri Navaratnam)
Australian PM mocks Trump over "Russian guy" at media party
MELBOURNE, June 15 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made fun of U.S. President Donald Trump and alluded to his ties with Russia, according to a leaked tape of an off-the-record media event.
May 2 Parmalat:
* Its LAG Holding Inc. subsidiary acquired two companies operating in the dairy sector in the United States of America
* The enterprise value of the acquired business was set at about $130 million and the acquisition has been entirely financed with internal resources
* In 2016 the two companies had net revenue of about $55 million
Source text: bit.ly/2pqNMEz
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Protesters entered Macedonia's parliament after the governing Social Democrats and ethnic Albanian parties voted to elect an Albanian as parliament speaker in Skopje. Macedonia April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Ognen Teofilovski
Protesters entered Macedonia's parliament after the governing Social Democrats and ethnic Albanian parties voted to elect an Albanian as parliament speaker in Skopje. Macedonia April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Ognen Teofilovski
Protesters entered Macedonia's parliament after the governing Social Democrats and ethnic Albanian parties voted to elect an Albanian as parliament speaker in Skopje. Macedonia April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Ognen Teofilovski
Police try to stop protesters entering Macedonia's parliament after the governing Social Democrats and ethnic Albanian parties voted to elect an Albanian as parliament speaker in Skopje. Macedonia April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Ognen Teofilovski
Protesters entered Macedonia's parliament after the governing Social Democrats and ethnic Albanian parties voted to elect an Albanian as parliament speaker in Skopje. Macedonia April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Ognen Teofilovski
Protesters entered Macedonia's parliament after the governing Social Democrats and ethnic Albanian parties voted to elect an Albanian as parliament speaker in Skopje. Macedonia April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Ognen Teofilovski
Protesters entered Macedonia's parliament after the governing Social Democrats and ethnic Albanian parties voted to elect an Albanian as parliament speaker in Skopje. Macedonia April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Ognen Teofilovski
Protesters entered Macedonia's parliament after the governing Social Democrats and ethnic Albanian parties voted to elect an Albanian as parliament speaker in Skopje. Macedonia April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Ognen Teofilovski
Protesters entered Macedonia's parliament after the governing Social Democrats and ethnic Albanian parties voted to elect an Albanian as parliament speaker in Skopje. Macedonia April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Ognen Teofilovski
Protesters entered Macedonia's parliament after the governing Social Democrats and ethnic Albanian parties voted to elect an Albanian as parliament speaker in Skopje. Macedonia April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Ognen Teofilovski
Protesters entered Macedonia's parliament after the governing Social Democrats and ethnic Albanian parties voted to elect an Albanian as parliament speaker in Skopje. Macedonia April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Ognen Teofilovski
Macedonian riot police block the road near the parliament in Skopje. Macedonia April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Ognen Teofilovski
Protesters entered Macedonia's parliament after the governing Social Democrats and ethnic Albanian parties voted to elect an Albanian as parliament speaker in Skopje. Macedonia April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Ognen Teofilovski
Protesters entered Macedonia's parliament after the governing Social Democrats and ethnic Albanian parties voted to elect an Albanian as parliament speaker in Skopje. Macedonia April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Ognen Teofilovski
Protesters entered Macedonia's parliament after the governing Social Democrats and ethnic Albanian parties voted to elect an Albanian as parliament speaker in Skopje. Macedonia April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Ognen Teofilovski
Macedonian Social Democratic leader Zoran Zaev speaks during a press conference at the Parliament in Skopje. Macedonia April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Ognen Teofilovski
Macedonian Social Democratic leader Zoran Zaev speaks during a press conference at the Parliament in Skopje. Macedonia April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Ognen Teofilovski
Protesters entered Macedonia's parliament after the governing Social Democrats and ethnic Albanian parties voted to elect an Albanian as parliament speaker in Skopje. Macedonia April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Ognen Teofilovski
Macedonian riot police block the road near the parliament in Skopje. Macedonia April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Ognen Teofilovski
Macedonian riot police block the road near the parliament in Skopje. Macedonia April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Ognen Teofilovski
Demonstrators carry an injured man after clashes with the riot police near the parliament in Skopje. Macedonia April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Ognen Teofilovski
SKOPJE Macedonian police fired stun grenades on Thursday evening to disperse protesters outside the parliament and clear the way for the evacuation of lawmakers still in the building.
Protesters stormed into Macedonia's parliament and assaulted the leader of the Social Democrats on Thursday after his party and ethnic Albanian allies voted to elect an Albanian as parliament speaker, witnesses said.
Live television footage showed Social Democratic leader Zoran Zaev with blood trickling from one side of his forehead, not long after he announced that the majority coalition led by his party had elected Talat Xhaferi as parliament speaker.
A Reuters witness saw nationalist protesters angered over Xhaferi's election beating up another lawmaker in parliament. Broken glass littered the floor and traces of blood were seen in hallways.
Some of the roughly 200 protesters inside the parliament were masked. Witnesses said that police entered parliament after the disturbances erupted but did not immediately seek to quell the protesters.
EU's foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini called for "calm and restraint"
"The acts of violence in the Parliament are wholly unacceptable," Mogherini said in a statement.
Police said eight people including an ethnic Albanian lawmaker were injured in Thursday's violence.
President Gjorge Ivanov invited leaders of all political parties for a meeting in his office on Friday.
Ivanov refused to give mandate to Zaev who has forged the coalition with ethnic Albanian parties to form the government saying it threatened the sovereignty of Macedonia.
Macedonia has been without a functioning government since 2015 when the country sank into political turmoil over a wiretapping scandal that brought down the ruling nationalist VMRO-DPMNE party bloc.
Elections were held in December 2016 but no government has been formed yet.
Zaev's parliamentary alliance has triggered daily street protests by Macedonian nationalists in Skopje. Ethnic Albanians comprise a third of the country's population.
VMRO-DPMNE lawmakers challenged the legality of Thursday's vote, saying it was not carried out electronically as is the usual case because the parliamentary session had formally ended.
The current crisis is the worst since 2001 when Western diplomacy helped drag the country of 2.1 million people back from the brink of civil war during an ethnic Albanian insurgency, promising it a route to membership of the EU and NATO.
But Macedonia has made little progress in that direction due to a name dispute with Greece.
"I condemn the attacks on MPs in Skopje in the strongest terms. Violence has NO place in Parliament. Democracy must run its course," the EU commissioner in charge of enlargement, Johannes Hahn, said in a tweet.
"This is the time for dialogue and not for violence," Mats Staffansson, Sweden's ambassador to Skopje, told reporters on behalf of EU and U.S. legations in Macedonia.
Shortly before protesters charged into parliament, Zaev told reporters, "With 67 votes we have elected a new parliament speaker. I want to congratulate Talat Xhaferi and good luck to all of us."
Xhaferi became the first ethnic Albanian parliament speaker in Macedonia since the small Balkan country won independence from then-Yugoslavia in 1991.
(Additional reporting by Benet Koleka in Tirana and Fatos Bytyci in Pristina; Writing by Ivana Sekularac; Editing by Mark Heinrich, Toni Reinhold)
A former Carrickfergus resident is making his mark as the owner of a Thai football club.
Andy Clawson is the founder and managing director of FC Bangkok in Thailand.
An experienced coach, Andy previously worked with Hearts FC in Edinburgh, Manchester United, Coerver Coaching Elite Performance Programme (Scotland and UK North), and the San Jose Earthquakes community programme in California.
A typical week for the east Antrim native involves being both a full-time coach and manager. "This means I work some very anti-social hours but when you can work full time in football, you can't really complain," he said.
"My week is a mixture of office hours consisting of coach session planning and periodisation for academy staff, national and international tournament organisation plus other generic
event management such as charity days, coach education, camps and awards ceremonies.
"As a director of coaching I oversee 10 teams in the academy, from under-8 level to senior, and both boys' and girls' teams.
"Getting out on the pitch is by far the best part of my job. Having access to so many teams provides me with the opportunity to perfect many aspects of my coaching. My week is a mixture of foundation, development and performance squads so I have the chance to try many different coaching styles.
"I've become the coach I am today due to the hours I'm on a pitch - 16 to 20 each week. This was something I found very difficult back home. Great coaches are restricted to one to two sessions a week, allowing minimal opportunity to experiment."
With cultural differences and the "agendas" of rival clubs to overcome, the job is not without its challenges, he added: "In Thailand it's difficult as a foreigner to influence leagues, associations and other clubs to change old and outdated attitudes.
"Thailand is a developing country and the football market is exactly the same. In my five years here I have seen massive changes in the grassroots and pro youth systems. I'm proud
to have helped as much as I could with this.
"Sadly Thai football has been renowned for corruption but there are like-minded coaches and managers who see the potential here and work hard to help make the Thailand football
scene better."
Andy has attained a range of qualifications throughout his career, including a UEFA A Licence, Youth Licence, Club Licence, Youth Licence Level 4, Children's Licence Level 4, and C Licence.
A Liverpool fan, his top picks in the world of football are Jurgen Klopp, Pep Guardiola, Steven Gerrard, and Andrés Iniesta. "I was a big fan of Brendan Rodgers until he went to Celtic!"
Inspiration, meanwhile, came from former colleagues. "Coaches who inspired me are grassroots and academy coaches from my time at Hearts and Manchester United. Their knowledge, passion and reasons for coaching are not extrinsically motivated and every session was exciting and rewarding. I also met some quality coaches when gaining UEFA licences and Irish FA coaches have been great, too."
Andy is also a keen boxer, training three to five times a week and fighting occasionally for charity. "I encourage players in the foundation stage to sample a lot of sports but then they must choose and focus," he said.
For those wishing to follow a similar career path, Andy advises getting as much time on the pitch as possible: "If staying at home you must work with the Irish FA, get licensed and learn from experienced coaches, then volunteer as much of your time at local clubs. Session planning is important but you need to be on the pitch continuously to get your ideas across to players.
"Alternatively you should see the world and experience other football cultures and methodologies because I can guarantee you one thing: no-one has the correct formula. Football changes and adapts and so must you. Also learn a language; if you want to work high level you must speak the lingo. Remember that you're up against other coaches from Europe with the same licence as you and the same experience but they can speak five languages."
In the future, the former Carrick resident hopes to develop his own coaching career and step into first team football. "I came to Thailand with a pair of boots, no money and a suitcase. Within four years I have founded a club that now has a fully functioning academy system leading to a senior team in the professional game. We are now ranked number one in Thailand for grassroots player development," Andy added.
"I want to highlight the sheer amount of hard work it has taken to get to this point but it's done and been proven successful. For talented lads back home with the correct work ethic and
morals, just know that it can be replicated but no-one is going to do it for you."
April 3 Seneca Foods Corp:
* Seneca Foods Corporation acquires the remaining 50pct of Truitt Bros Inc
* Seneca Foods Corp - David Truitt and existing management team will continue to operate TBI business after transaction
* Seneca Foods Corp - David Truitt and existing management team will continue to operate tbi business after this transaction
* Seneca Foods Corp - with the transaction company will now own 100pct of TBI which they will retain as a wholly owned subsidiary
* Seneca Foods Corp - effective date of transaction is April, 1, 2017
* Seneca Foods Corp - remaining terms of share purchase agreement are currently not being disclosed Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Prime Minister of Libya's unity government Fayez Seraj speaks during an interview with Reuters at his office in the naval base of Tripoli, Libya, June 3, 2016. REUTERS/Ismail Zitouny
FILE PHOTO: General Khalifa Haftar, commander in the Libyan National Army (LNA), leaves after a meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov in Moscow, Russia, November 29, 2016. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
BENGHAZI, Libya Libya's eastern military commander met the head of its U.N.-backed government on Tuesday, ending a 16-month standoff that has undermined diplomatic efforts to unify a country riven by factional fighting since 2011.
Having previously spurned invitations to engage with the government, Khalifa Haftar held talks with Fayez Seraj in Abu Dhabi that one source close to Haftar said produced an agreement to hold elections early next year.
Regional and Western powers have for months been pushing the two men to discuss resetting a U.N.-mediated agreement that led to the creation of Seraj's Government of National Accord (GNA) in Tripoli. The deal was an attempt to end the turmoil that followed the 2011 uprising against Muammar Gaddafi.
Haftar is the dominant figure for factions in eastern Libya that have rejected the GNA, contributing to its failure to expand its power in Tripoli and beyond. Rival armed factions in the west of the country have backed the government.
Tuesday's meeting could be a step towards ending a stalemate between competing loose alliances that pushed the country into open warfare in 2014. But any lasting deal would need backing from the numerous and powerful armed groups that have scuppered previous attempts to stabilise the oil-rich country.
There was no official statement as Tuesday's meeting ended, or comment from the GNA side.
Sources close to Haftar said he met Seraj one-on-one for two hours of talks they described as positive.
One sticking point has been a clause in the U.N.-mediated deal giving the GNA's leadership immediate control over military appointments, which eastern factions fear will weaken Haftar's Libyan National Army (LNA).
Libya's 218 channel, a pro-Haftar TV station, said they had agreed to propose cancelling the clause, and to form a restructured unity government.
"It was agreed to open permanent channels of communication and to form two working groups to complete an agreement on the details of the formation of a government and the military arrangements between officers from all regions," one source close to Haftar in Abu Dhabi who asked not to be named told Reuters.
There was also an agreement to hold presidential and parliamentary elections no later than March 2018, the source said.
DIVISIVE FIGURE
It was the first time Seraj and Haftar had met since the start of last year.
An expected meeting in Cairo in February fell through, though a roadmap for eastern and western parliamentary delegations to revive a peace process was agreed.
Haftar, a former Gaddafi ally, is a divisive figure who opponents suspect of seeking to return the country to authoritarian rule.
With backing from foreign powers including Egypt, the UAE and Russia, he has gained ground militarily since last year, taking control of several key oil ports and advancing in a long campaign against Islamist-led rivals in Benghazi, Libya's second city.
Haftar has also indicated that he expected to take Tripoli, though many observers doubt he has the capacity to do so.
As the LNA and its allies have pushed west in recent months, they have clashed repeatedly with GNA-aligned opponents around the oil ports and in the southern desert regions of Sabha and Jufra.
Haftar and his supporters have previously rejected the GNA because they say it is beholden to the militias that hold sway in Tripoli and the rest of western Libya.
(Writing by Aidan Lewis; editing by Patrick Markey and John Stonestreet)
(Repeats Thursday story without changes. (The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.))
By Jamie McGeever
LONDON, Feb 1 (Reuters) - A decade on from the financial crisis, global monetary policy is finally tightening, with the Federal Reserve raising U.S. interest rates and other central banks gradually turning off the stimulus taps.
But despite the “normalisation” underway, there's a glaring abnormality that should be flashing red to the Fed and central bankers everywhere: financial conditions are easier now than at any point in over 40 years.
From an investor's perspective, though, the flashing light is green, not red. With credit still so cheap and easily available, growth so strong, and volatility and inflation so low, why wouldn't you load up on risky assets like stocks?
The Chicago Fed's national financial conditions index was last at -0.94, its lowest since April 1976. The Goldman Sachs U.S. financial conditions index is now at its lowest level since January 1990, when it was first compiled.
Both indices are widely-used benchmark measures of U.S. -- and by proxy, global -- financial conditions.
“U.S. financial conditions are now as supportive of growth as they ever have been,” Goldman analysts wrote in a note on Thursday.
This is the mirror image of soaring markets like equities that a growing number of observers say are now starting to look like bubbles. Indeed, equity prices form part of Goldman's FCI index, along with other variables such as the value of the dollar, the slope of the yield curve and credit spreads.
Wall Street just had its best January in over 20 years, setting a string of fresh highs in the process and registering its longest stretch ever without a 5 percent pullback. Investors are pouring record amounts into global equity funds too.
Until fairly recently, bond yields were the lowest in history. They're still pretty low -- trillions of dollars worth of sovereign bonds in developed economies still boast negative yields.
BUBBLE TERRITORY?
“There are two bubbles: We have a stock market bubble, and we have a bond market bubble,” former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan told Bloomberg TV on Wednesday.
The trouble in the bond market “will eventually be the critical issue,” Greenspan said, adding that “for the short term it's not too bad.”
Greenspan is famously accused of stoking the U.S. housing bubble that burst in 2007 and nearly took the global banking system and economy down with it the following year.
Central banks and governments were forced to act. With trillions of dollars, euros, pounds and yen of support, they prevented financial and economic catastrophe from becoming annihilation. Just.
Nobody seriously suggests a repeat of 2007-08 is on the cards. But the plunge in Goldman's financial conditions index and surge across many markets should, at the very least, be on central bankers' radar.
Central banks will no doubt act again if and when financial bubbles burst. But because the economic backdrop and banking system are more robust now than at any point post-crisis, they may not act quite so quickly or aggressively.
In the words of a portfolio manager at one of the world's biggest asset managers: “The safety net is there, but they've lowered it.”
What's more, policymakers' ability and capacity to mop up the mess this time around are more limited. Interest rates are still near record lows, central bank balance sheets are bloated, and governments remain loaded with huge debts accrued from the last crisis.
With financial conditions this loose, investors will continue to buy. And central bankers will continue to hope their exuberance remains rational.
DUBAI, Aug 12 (Reuters) - Iran is holding talks with European planemaker Airbus to buy 48 helicopters for civilian use, an Iranian official was on Saturday quoted as saying, as Iran continues its shopping spree of Western aircraft after the lifting of sanctions.
"The Health Ministry is planning to order 45 HEMS (Helicopter Emergency Medical Service) helicopters and the purchase is being negotiated by the Ministry of Roads and Urban Development," Iran's Financial Tribune daily quoted Deputy Minister Asghar Fakhrieh-Kashan as saying.
"Ports and Maritime Organization is also planning to hold a tender to purchase three search-and-rescue helicopters," he added.
Airbus Helicopters, the world's largest commercial helicopter maker, was not immediately available for comment.
Iran has ordered more than 200 planes since international sanctions against the country were lifted last year in return for curbs on the country's nuclear activities.
Flag-carrier IranAir has ordered 100 planes from Airbus, 80 from U.S. rival Boeing (BA.N) and 20 ATR turboprops, but implementing the deals has been hampered by uncertainty over financing.
On Thursday, U.S. President Donald Trump said he did not believe that Iran was living up to the spirit of the 2015 deal to curtail its nuclear weapons programme. But it was not immediately clear whether Washington may take measures that could affect Tehran's plane purchases.
In June, Airbus said two other Iranian airlines had committed to buying 73 planes in a last-minute flurry of deals for the aircraft manufacturer at the Paris Airshow.
Fakhrieh-Kashan said Iran was holding negotiations to merge the helicopter order into the IranAir-Airbus contract signed in December, Financial Tribune reported.
Thailand's junta has warned people against contacting three prominent foreign-based critics of the country's monarchy, saying it could mean breaking the law.
Thailand has a tough law against lese majeste, or insulting the monarchy. Convictions have become more frequent, and punishments more severe, under a military government that seized power in 2014.
The military considers the monarchy to be one of the guiding pillars of Thai society and above criticism or comment. Critics face up to 15 years in prison if found guilty of violating the law.
The Ministry of Digital Economy and Society released a statement on Wednesday asking people to "refrain from following, contacting, sharing" social media content of the three critics, whether directly or indirectly.
"This is to prevent violation of the Computer Crime Act, deliberately or not," the ministry said.
The Computer Crime Act, as it relates to lese majeste, makes it illegal to post defamatory or insulting statements towards the crown. It gives the state the power to bring prosecutions over posts found on social media, messaging apps and emails.
The three are historian Somsak Jeamteerasakul, former diplomat Pavin Chachavalpongpun and Andrew MacGregor Marshall, an author and former Reuters correspondent.
"I believe Thais should be free to read information from all sources and make up their own mind about what they believe," Marshall said in an emailed response to Reuters.
On his Facebook page, Somsak questioned whether it was legal to impose a blanket ban on what he said online if that then included comments unrelated to the monarchy.
In an email to Reuters, Pavin said the announcement showed "desperation" on the part of the monarchy and Thai state.
Thailand's three major mobile operators, Advanced Info Service Pcl (AIS), Total Access Communication Pcl (DTAC) and True Move posted instructions on how to report royal insults on their Facebook pages after the document was released.
Right groups criticized the warning as another attempt by the military government to quell dissent.
"The Thai authorities have plunged to fresh depths in restricting people's freedoms of expression," said Josef Benedict, Amnesty International's deputy director for Southeast Asia and the Pacific.
(Reporting by John Chalmers; Editing by Mike Collett-White)
(Reuters) - Shares of Spirit AeroSystems Holdings Inc (SPR.N) slumped as much as 10 percent on Friday after the aircraft parts maker said higher capital expenditure would take a toll on its 2018 free cash flow target.
The company, which makes sections of the fuselage, wing frame work and structural components, plans to ramp up production as robust demand for air travel encourages two of its biggest customers, Boeing Co (BA.N) and Airbus (AIR.PA), to lift delivery targets.
Savings from changes to the U.S. tax code will be used for “high-return” capital expenditures and research and development activities, Chief Executive Tom Gentile said in a statement.
The comments come as several U.S. companies have said they would return at least a portion of their tax gains to shareholders through buyback and dividends.
Wichita, Kansas-based Spirit Aero's shares were on track to post their worst intraday percentage loss in nearly two years.
Free cash flow, a measure of how much cash a business generates after accounting for capital expenditures, is expected to be between $550 million and $600 million in 2018, the company said.
“The consensus (for free cash flow forecast) for 2018 was $612 million,” Seaport Global Securities analyst Josh Sullivan said.
Spirit Aero plans to hire more workers and invest in 3D printing and automation as it looks to counter “significant operational challenges” to meet demand from aircraft makers.
However, the jump in deliveries helped the company beat revenue and profit estimates for the fourth quarter.
Spirit Aero earned $1.32 per share on an adjusted basis in the quarter ended Dec. 31, beating the average estimate of $1.21.
Total revenue rose 9.2 percent to $1.71 billion, above the $1.66 billion expected by analysts.
The company in August reached an agreement with Boeing on pricing terms, ending months of uncertainty over its ties to its largest customer, while giving clarity on its long-term cash flow.
Spirit Aero's stock had risen about 69 percent since the Boeing deal was announced.
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
April 13 CONCENT HOLDING AB (PUBL)
* SELLS BARENTS CENTER PROJECT FOR SEK 60 MILLION IN CASH
* BUYER BC INVESTMENT IS ALSO TO HANDLE COMPANY'S DEBT TO UNIT ÖSTERMYRA BRUK OF ABOUT SEK 60 MILLION
* THE DEAL IS EFFECTIVE AS SOON AS POSSIBLE AND NO LATER THAN JUNE 30 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 28 Bank Handlowy w Warszawie SA
* CEO Slawomir Sikora says bank aims to achieve double digit return on equity (ROE) in Q4, up from 8.7 percent in Q1
* "I would like ROE to be in double-digits in the fourth quarter," Sikora says
* Says, "First-quarter results do not reflect business dynamics"
* Bank Handlowy, a unit of U.S. Citigroup, saw Q1 net profit at 42.7 million zlotys ($11.0 million) versus 104.4 million zlotys a year ago Further company coverage: (Reporting By Marcin Goclowski; Writing by Lida Kelly)
Slow-walking peacocks disrupted traffic on an expressway in the US, after making an escape from a nearby zoo.
The four peacocks caused two lanes of the Pennsylvania motorway to close today, reported NBC 10, after the birds broke out of the Philadelphia Zoo.
Aerial footage shows the peacocks walking on one lane of the road.
Police formed a barricade to catch the peacocks, however they flew into trees or across the highway, according to NBC 10.
Philadelphia Zoo said in a statement to news outlet CBS: "The zoo is home to a free-roaming peacock flock that lives on zoo grounds and is cared for by the zoo's animal and veterinary staff."
"The peacocks do sometimes venture past the zoo's gates and typically return home on their own."
* Earnings optimism lifts European, Asian shares
* Wall Street seen opening lower after Nasdaq's record high Monday
* Dollar up as yields rise after Mnuchin ultra-long bonds comment
* Fed begins two-day monetary policy meeting
* Earnings, dollar keep push gold to three-week low
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Nigel Stephenson
LONDON, May 2 Forecast-beating company earnings and signs of underlying economic strength pushed European shares higher on Tuesday while tech stocks lifted Asian stocks to two-year highs as investors shrugged off sub-par Chinese factory activity data.
Investors were looking ahead to earnings from Apple , whose shares - along with those of other major tech companies - hit record highs on Monday. However, index futures pointed to a modestly lower start for Wall Street .
Strong earnings have helped push shares higher across the globe this year. First-quarter profits at S&P 500 companies are expected to have risen 13.6 percent, the strongest rise since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Their European counterparts are seen up 13.9 percent.
Wall Street's "fear gauge" of implied equity market volatility held close to Monday's close at its lowest since before the global financial crisis.
The dollar hit a six-week high against the safe-haven Japanese yen on some signs of easing tensions over North Korea and as U.S. bond yields rose after U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said the government was looking into issuing ultra-long debt of maturities in excess of 30 years.
Greek government bond yields hit 2 1/2-year lows after Greece and its lenders reached a long-awaited deal on reforms required to release further bailout funds.
The pan-European STOXX 600 share index, which had its best week since December last week, gained 0.4 percent. The banking sub-index was up 0.5 percent, showing no reaction to comments from U.S. President Donald Trump, who told Bloomberg Television he was actively considering breaking up big banks.
BP shares rose 1.7 percent after the oil major's first-quarter profit tripled.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan gained 0.5 percent to its highest level since June 2015, as many of the region's markets also reopened after a long holiday weekend. Japan's Nikkei rose 0.7 percent after some robust earnings.
"Higher corporate earnings and tax reform seem to be more important to the market than any off-the-cuff remark from Trump. That means people are not buying protection in the options market to protect themselves from a drop in the market," said Neil Wilson, senior market analyst at ETX Capital.
The VIX volatility index last stood at 10.23 percent, having hit its lowest since February 2007 on Monday, at 9.9 percent.
Strong earnings have outweighed concern over patches of weak economic data. An official survey on Tuesday showed Chinese factory activity growth slowed more than expected in April.
Euro zone factory activity hit a six-year high in April , according to IHS Markit data. The euro traded 0.1 percent stronger at $1.0912.
The dollar index, which measures the greenback against a basket of major currencies, held steady. The dollar was up 0.3 percent at 122.12 yen, having earlier hit a six-week high of 112.25 yen.
ULTRA-LONG
U.S. 30-year Treasury yield were 0.3 basis points higher at 3.01 percent, just below Monday's three-week high, after Mnuchin told Bloomberg issuing ultra-long bonds "can absolutely make sense".
"Mnuchin's comments have at least stabilised the long end of the curve," said Lee Hardman, a currency economist with Japan's MUFG. "But the dollar is still on the defensive in the near term. The data from the U.S. has been coming in on the disappointing side and the Fed is likely to acknowledge that at this week's meeting."
The Fed begins a two-day policy meeting on Tuesday.
The yen, often sought in tense times, hit a five-month high in mid-April as concerns grew about a possible conflict over North Korea. Tension eased somewhat after Trump said on Monday he would be honoured to meet North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in the right circumstances.
The yield on 10-year Greek government bonds fell 36 basis points to 6.12 percent, its lowest since October 2014, after the deal with its lenders, which followed half a year of talks.
Oil prices rose as expectations that OPEC and other producers will extend output curbs outweighed rising production in Libya and elsewhere. Brent crude last traded 48 cents higher at $52 a barrel.
Gold hovered near a three-week low as stocks and the dollar rose. Gold was down 0.2 percent at $1,254 an ounce.
Digital currency bitcoin hit a record high of $1,481 on the Bitstamp exchange .
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Additional reporting by Hideyuki Sano in Tokyo, Jamie McGeever, Patrick Graham, Helen Reid and Abhinav Ramnarayan in London; Editing by Larry King)
SOFIA, March 29 Bulgaria's anti-monopoly commission said on Wednesday it had not proved price fixing between six fuel retailers after an investigation.
In October, the commission accused Lukoil Bulgaria, part of LUKOIL, Shell Bulgaria, part of Royal Dutch Shell , OMV, Eko Bulgaria, unit of Hellenic Petroleum, Petrol and Nis Petrol, controlled by Russia's Gazprom Neft of collaborating to fix retail prices of diesel and gasoline.
All the companies denied wrongdoing.
"No sufficient evidence has been found in the proceedings," the commission said in a statement on Wednesday.
The commission, however, imposed measures on the retailers, obliging them to stop any exchange of information among themselves and guarantee within one month that they would fire staff that did not adhere to confidentiality requirements.
(Reporting by Angel Krasimirov; editing by Radu Marinas and Susan Thomas)
May 3 Carlyle Group Lp
* The Carlyle group announces first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.90
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.38 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Carlyle group lp - economic net income of $400 million on a pre-tax basis and $1.09 per adjusted unit on a post-tax basis in q1 2017
* Carlyle group lp- $55 million of distributable earnings on a pre-tax basis for q1 2017
* Qtrly distributable earnings of $0.13 per common unit on a post-tax basis in q1 2017
* Carlyle group lp- $3.0 billion in gross and net new capital raised in q1 2017
* Carlyle group lp - qtrly total assets under management $161.9 billion versus. $178.1 billion
* Qtrly total revenues $1,120.1 million versus $483.1 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
OTTAWA, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Canadian job growth in 2017 was revised slightly higher, data from Statistics Canada showed on Friday, confirming a stellar year for the country's labor market, though economists expect the rampant pace of employment will soon start to moderate.
From December 2016 to December 2017, the economy created 427,300 jobs on a seasonally-adjusted basis, the annual revision showed. That was modestly higher than the initially reported increase of 422,500 jobs.
The 2.3 percent gain over the course of last year was the fastest job growth since 2002, the agency said.
The acceleration in employment, as well as unexpectedly strong economic growth in the first half of 2017, has prompted the Bank of Canada to raise interest rates three times since last July, and many economists expect two more hikes this year.
December's unemployment rate was revised slightly higher to 5.8 percent from 5.7 percent, while December's monthly employment change was downwardly revised to 64,800 from 78,600.
Nonetheless, the revisions still indicate a very strong labor market that continued to improve in the second half of last year despite slower economic growth, said Paul Ferley, assistant chief economist at Royal Bank of Canada.
While Ferley expects job growth to start to cool with the January report released next Friday, he said the low unemployment rate should still be enough to keep the Bank of Canada on a tightening path, even with the ongoing uncertainty over the fate of the North American Free Trade Agreement.
“With the kind of momentum that we're seeing, you become more confident that the economy might be able to withstand some negative hits and, as a result, you really don't need rates as accommodative as they are right now,” Ferley said. (Reporting by Leah Schnurr; Editing by Paul Simao)
South Korean firefighters simulate a response to a potential chemical weapon attack while wearing protective gear at the Yoido Subway Station in Seoul on Aug. 23, 2016. First responders and U.S. and South Korean soldiers conduct such drills during the annual Ulchi Freedom Guardian exercise, the latest of which is scheduled to start next week in South Korea. Ahn Young-joon AP
S.Korea stocks down on Fed hike, comments on cutting bond portfolio
* Local institutions seem worried, selling large amount of KOSPI * KOSPI to continue upward trend -analyst * Won erases gains as dlr rebounds SEOUL, June 15 South Korean shares slid to a one-week low early on Thursday as the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and said it would reduce its holdings in bonds and other securities, signalling a more positive outlook on the U.S. economy. The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) was dow
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
AIRSHOW-CDB in talks with Boeing, Airbus ahead of Le Bourget
PARIS, June 15 CDB Aviation, the aircraft leasing arm of China Development Bank, is in talks to place orders with both Boeing and Airbus and could complete at least one of the deals by as early as next week's Paris Airshow, two people familiar with the matter said.
April 3 Singulex Inc
* Singulex announces ce mark for sgx clarity® system
* Singulex inc - singulex plans to ce mark a cardiac troponin i (ctni) assay in europe
* Singulex inc - submit data for regulatory clearance of sgx clarity system in u.s., anticipating u.s. Food and drug administration clearance in 2018
* Singulex inc - developing point-of-care platform for single molecule counting technology, is exploring additional applications beyond clinical setting Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
With all the buzz around blockchain tech and cryptocurrencies, small businesses might feel left out.
Even for those who are not necessarily cutting-edge in terms of tech, these five tips can empower entrepreneurs and small businesses in leveraging bitcoin and blockchain as cryptocurrencies for their financial and other needs.
Using Bitcoin and Blockchain in Your Small Business
Accepting Payments in Bitcoin and Other Cryptocurrencies
The survival of the cryptocurrency revolution is completely reliant on its acceptance, and that is where small businesses can excel. Some larger companies, like Amazon and Tesla, are currently accepting cryptocurrency with not too many small businesses jumping on board.
First, let's talk a moment about why accepting cryptocurrency can be of benefit to you:
Little to no fees — Credit card processors will easily charge you 2-4 percent in fees for using the service. Cryptocurrency transfers are close to free, although services will usually charge a minimal amount (0-1 percent) which means you will save money. Note that you can use services that can confirm blockchain transfers faster, but will have a bigger fee to expedite it.
Faster access to your funds — Banks are not involved with the transactions, and there are no centralized clearing processes. This means you get the payments considerably faster. For example, most bank-based payment processors send payment within 1-2 days. You can get Bitcoin payments within minutes to a few hours, depending on the network's cryptographic load.
No government ties — Since cryptocurrencies are not tied to any governments or regulatory agencies, there are no borders to consider. You can avoid international exchange rates or transaction fees.
Avoid disputes — Although cryptocurrencies are completely digital, they work like cash rather than credit. All sales are final, and there is no way for a customer to dispute a transaction. If you have had issues with people contesting charges, accepting cryptocurrency can change that for you.
You can actually make a name for yourself by being a pioneer in this regard. It's as easy as setting up a payment processor that specializes in cryptocurrency.
While many services will offer “wallet” capability, some startups go beyond this. CryptoPay, for instance, offers both a digital wallet for Bitcoins and a physical debit card, which allows users to spend cryptocurrency at any establishment that accepts Visa debit cards. CryptoPay is one of the more established players in this niche and is planning to raise funds through an initial coin offering (ICO) in order to further improve its services.
Signing Agreements with Vendors Through Smart Contracts
Signing agreements with vendors would usually require a lawyer to draw up a contract for you and your client to sign. This can be an agreement for an exchange of service and money, complete with the agenda and timeline. You would wait for that contract to be finalized, parties to sign it, and it would get notarized. Then you would do the work and expect payment to arrive. If the other party didn't pay you as agreed, you would then go back to your lawyer to bring suit against the other party.
Smart contracts change all of that by making it simpler.
Blockchain technology makes smart contracts possible – these are digitally-signed agreements that can execute certain things when certain conditions are met. You create it with the services you will provide, the mutually agreed upon cryptocurrency amount, and the deadline for the service to be completed.
Once submitted, the contract cannot be altered, and copies will be hosted across all the nodes in the blockchain, so that it's completely accessible at any time. Because the contract is on the blockchain, it is monitored to be sure that the service promised is delivered. Then when the service is completed, the cryptocurrency is exchanged on the due date without anyone having to do anything to start the process.
There are services that enable businesses and individuals to execute legally-binding smart contracts, such as Agrello, which dispenses with the need for the middlemen, such as lawyers, and eliminates the possibility of breaking the contract.
Conserving Power through Smart Electric Grids
While cryptocurrencies have been criticized for their excessive use of electricity, we are seeing a turnaround in being able to conserve power through the blockchain. In some larger cities, folks are selling solar power on the blockchain to one another.
Essentially, they harvest the solar energy from their own solar panels and then store the excess on a smart power grid. Then, they utilize blockchain technology in order to monitor electricity usage, availability of solar-generated power, and such.
These communities also use the blockchain to sell excess energy to their neighbors or the electricity grid, or to acquire energy when their solar cells are short. All transactions are, of course, dealt with in cryptocurrency.
As a small business owner, you can benefit from using someone else's excess solar energy, which can result in savings from buying electricity from the grid. If you have a big enough solar power facility, you can even be a net seller of electricity.
The Brooklyn Micro Gird is a P2P energy market based on the blockchain technology. Such projects and initiatives will improve our ability to monitor and manage transactions, as well as creating a connected and distributed network that could disrupt the energy market on a larger scale.
Keeping Track of Logistics and Vendor Shipping
As we mentioned previously, the blockchain is tamper-resistant when it comes to the integrity of your documents. You can add whatever you want, and you cannot delete or change any document or transactions within the blockchain – although everything can be audited and monitored by all parties involved.
This means a lot for the small business owner who needs to track inventory. When you receive inventory, its transaction is recorded in the blockchain. When you sell that item, it's recorded. When you ship the item, it's recorded. Who you purchase the inventory from, who purchases it, and who is shipping is all recorded and makes your life much easier. This means no more costly programs that are supposed to do this for you that happen to allow for transactions to be altered or deleted. All of it is done in real-time and with no major cost to you.
Several startups are trying to revolutionize the supply chain. The future holds many promises and it's only a matter of time until businesses use this technology.
Paying Utility Bills Through Bitcoin Wallets
In the past, one of the reasons people weren't excited about cryptocurrency was the lack of use for everyday items. We want to be able to pay bills or buy gas with our cryptocurrency and allow our bank accounts to grow while we do so. This has slowly been changing and we are seeing more Bitcoin wallets giving the ability to make utility payments for us.
The above-mentioned platform CryptoPay offers a way to easily make bill payments without having to manually transfer your Bitcoins to your US dollar bank account. Some wallets even let you convert your Bitcoins to fiat currency (like Euros or US dollars) so you won't be affected by the volatile values.
Conclusion
While cryptocurrencies haven't been embraced over the last few years like we had hoped, we are still seeing growth happen — both in terms of their values vis-à-vis fiat currency and more acceptance across different businesses. Jumping on board now broadens your customer base and provides you with some added benefits that you can't get in today's current market.
SEATTLE, April 5 Boeing Co said on Wednesday it had launched a venture capital arm and invested in two startup companies in a bid to stay abreast of rapidly evolving aircraft designs and factory technology.
The new division, known as HorizonX, invested in Upskill, a Washington, D.C.-based software company that uses Google Glass-type eye wear to help assembly workers complete complex tasks such as creating wiring bundles for Boeing jetliners.
It also invested in Zunum Aero, a Seattle-area company that is working on electric-hybrid aircraft aimed at bringing down the cost of flying to regional airports. Zunum also received funding from JetBlue Technology Ventures, a unit of the New York-based JetBlue Airways Corp.
Boeing declined to specify the investment amounts. "But this initiative represents a multi-year commitment by Boeing to spend tens of millions of dollars a year to advance innovation and to supplement our research and development efforts," spokesman Chaz Bickers said. "While the levels of investment generally are not material to Boeing's financials, they generally will be to our target investments."
Steve Nordlund, former vice president of strategy for Boeing's defense, space and security business, will head HorizonX. Nordlund was involved in launching drone-maker Insitu Inc, which Boeing acquired in 2008. He also has worked in sales at IBM and was chief information officer at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by James Dalgleish)
A Barclays sign is seen outside a branch of the bank in London, Britain, February 23, 2017. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
LONDON Barclays (BARC.L) is in exclusive talks to sell its stake in Barclays Bank of Zimbabwe (BARC.ZI) to Malawi's First Merchant Bank FMB.MV, First Merchant Bank said in a statement on its website on Tuesday.
A spokeswoman for Barclays confirmed the bank is in early discussions with a prospective buyer for its 68 percent stake in the Zimbabwe bank.
Neither party disclosed a value for the prospective deal. Barclays Bank of Zimbabwe has a market capitalisation of $60 million, according to Thomson Reuters data.
(Reporting By Lawrence White)
The following factors could affect Italian markets on Thursday.
Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy. New items are marked with (*).
For a complete list of diary events in Italy please click on .
ECONOMY
ISTAT releases March final CPI and HICP data (0800 GMT).
First report presentation on 'Non Performing Loans' Market in Rome (0745 GMT).
COMPANIES
Bourse After Hours market closed.
ENI
Annual general meeting (0800 GMT) followed by news conference with President Emma Marcegaglia and CEO Claudio Descalzi.
Nigeria's lower house of parliament has set up a committee to investigate the circumstances surrounding the award of oil prospecting licence (OPL) 245, the committee chairman said on Wednesday.
Courts in Nigeria and Italy are investigating the purchase of the offshore block which was initially awarded in 1998 to Malabu Oil and Gas, in a disputed deal, before Royal Dutch Shell and Eni were awarded the rights in 2011.
(*) FIAT CHRYSLER AUTOMOBILES
CEO Sergio Marchionne has travelled to China to explore the possibility of building an electric Jeep model in the country, Corriere della Sera reported. Marchionne held discussions with local partner Guangzhou Automobiles, the paper added.
(*) BANCA MEDIOLANUM
Founder Ennio Doris and his family may buy a further 5 percent stake in the group if Fininvest ends up having to comply with a Bank of Italy's demand it cuts its Mediolanum stake to 9.99 percent from around 30 percent at present, Corriere della Sera reported. Investment funds are ready to buy the rest, it said.
(*) IREN
The regional utility is close to making an offer to buy the whole of local utility ACAM La Spezia, MF said. The advisor PWC says the deal could be worth 58 million euros and IREN's offer could be in shares, MF added.
PRYSMIAN
Italy's Prysmian, the world's largest cable maker, is discussing potential acquisitions but is not prepared to overpay, Chief Executive Valerio Battista said on Wednesday.
(*) SALINI IMPREGILO
The Italian builder said on Thursday it had won a $300 million contract in Saudi Arabia.
(*) BANCA CARIGE, ASSICURAZIONI GENERALI
La Stampa quoted a source close to the matter as saying a possible debt-to-equity conversion the bank has said it is considering to raise capital would only involve perpetual bonds. The bank has one outstanding perpetual bond worth 160 million euros which is partly held by Generali.
LUXOTTICA
France's market watchdog has waived, as expected, a mandatory bid obligation for Leonardo Del Vecchio's holding company Delfin in the Essilor-Luxottica merger.
FINCANTIERI
Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri said on Wednesday it had signed an agreement with the French state for the acquisition of STX France, as announced on April 6.
STEFANEL
The company said on Wednesday it had signed a contract to receive urgent funding for 10 million euros.
DE LONGHI
The group has signed a contract to acquire 40 percent of Swiss group Eversys, which makes coffee machines, with option to acquire the remaining 60 pct through a "put & call" mechanism.
ORSERO
FY results presentation (0900 GMT).
(*) BANKS
The new business plan of Veneto Banca and Popolare di Vicenza envisages the closure of almost 200 branches with the aim of cutting the overall number to 700, MF said citing a source.
For Italian market data and news, click on codes in brackets:
20 biggest gainers (in percentage)............
20 biggest losers (in percentage).............
FTSE IT allshare index
FTSE Mib index........
FTSE Allstars index...
FTSE Mid Cap index....
Block trades..........
Stories on Italy...... IT-LEN
For pan-European market data and news, click on codes in brackets: European Equities speed guide................... FTSEurofirst 300 index.............................. DJ STOXX index...................................... Top 10 STOXX sectors........................... Top 10 EUROSTOXX sectors...................... Top 10 Eurofirst 300 sectors................... Top 25 European pct gainers....................... Top 25 European pct losers........................ Main stock markets: Dow Jones............... Wall Street report ..... Nikkei 225............. Tokyo report............ FTSE 100............... London report........... Xetra DAX............. Frankfurt market stories CAC-40................. Paris market stories... World Indices..................................... Reuters survey of world bourse outlook......... Western European IPO diary.......................... European Asset Allocation........................ Reuters News at a Glance: Equities............... Main currency report:...............................
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new video has been released showing how a revamped former department store building in Birmingham city centre will look.
The video goes inside The Lewis Building, previously known as Temple Court, which is currently being renovated to create 113,000 sq ft of grade A office space.
The Bull Street building was the home of Lewis's department store from the 1920s before it closed down in 1991 after the company fell into administration.
Legal & General Property bought the building and its neighbour Priory Court in 2014 for £87.5 million and has been carrying out a renovation of the complex, including adding another storey.
The new building, which is due for completion by the end of 2017, will have a cycle hub with space for 60 bikes, showers and changing facilities and 74 car parking spaces.
There is also space for a new café fronting Bull Street.
Tom Williams, senior asset manager with Legal & General Investment Management, said: "Through this programme of refurbishment works, we are delivering a unique new asset to Birmingham's office community.
"This fly-though provides a great opportunity for us to share how this space will be realised and showcase the high-specification finishes to the attractive new Manhattan-style entrance area.
"We've developed this building to appeal directly to the needs of today's occupier while still respecting The Lewis Building's heritage as a proud landmark within Birmingham city centre."
The renovation has been designed by architectural practice EPR, with contractor Willmott Dixon undertaking the works.
CBRE and GVA are the appointed leasing agents.
PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Floodwater released by a recently opened Chinese hydroelectric dam in Cambodia has forced hundreds of families from five villages to abandon their homes in recent weeks, the campaign group International Rivers said on Friday.
The villagers in the northern province of Stung Treng have moved to designated project resettlement sites, the group said in a statement that estimated at least 5,000 people would be displaced.
In Srekor village only 10 families relocated to a resettlement village, while 63 families stayed behind, moving to forested higher ground from where they have witnessed the floodwaters steadily rise since December to reach the roofs of their homes.
“The thriving community of Srekor has become a silent waterworld,” International Rivers said, noting that the village's farms, temple, ancestral graves and fishing grounds had been destroyed.
The 400-megawatt Lower Sesan 2 Dam, a joint venture between China's Hydrolancang International Energy Company and Cambodia's Royal Group, finally began operation in November.
Approximately 75 meters high and 8 kilometers (5 miles) long, the dam has taken years to build and is part of China's hydropower ambitions in the Mekong region and is aimed at generating electricity for Cambodia.
Representatives of the joint consortium could not be reached on Friday for comment.
Environmental rights groups have repeatedly warned that the project would have a costly impact on the Mekong River's fisheries and biodiversity.
Cambodia's Prime Minister Hun Sen has labeled those who have raised concerns about the project “radical”, saying that Cambodia needs to keep up with its rising energy demand.
International Rivers said floodwater levels had risen up to 7 meters since the dam began operation.
Villagers in Srekor described the destruction wrought by the released floodwater.
“Vegetation such as coconuts, mango, jackfruit and pineapple trees are all gone,” villager Sarun Sokhom, 61, told Reuters, adding that approximately 54 homes were submerged.
Another villager, Sut Thoeun, 41, said the water began to rise quickly during the rainy season in December.
Both villagers said that authorities had not provided help to people who had chosen to stay behind.
Stung Treng provincial authority spokesman Men Kong said the floods were expected and that villagers could still approach authorities about resettlement and compensation.
April 20 AZZ Inc:
* AZZ Inc reports financial results for fiscal year 2017
* Q4 earnings per share $0.44
* Q4 revenue $193.8 million versus I/B/E/S view $215.9 million
* Q4 earnings per share view $0.63 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees FY 2018 sales $880 million to $950 million
* AZZ Inc says revises EPS guidance range for fiscal 2018 to $2.60 - $3.10 and sales to $880 million - $950 million
* Says expect to introduce new galvabar bendable galvanized rebar and enter powder coating business in fiscal 2018
* AZZ Inc - "as we begin new fiscal year, we maintain a positive outlook for fiscal 2018"
* AZZ Inc - backlog at end of 2017 fiscal year was $346.4 million, an increase of 3.6 percent compared to backlog at end of prior year of $334.5 million
* Fy2018 earnings per share view $3.04, revenue view $917.6 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* AZZ - given market dynamics of fy 2017, potential exposure to bankruptcy filing by Westinghouse, making adjustment to guidance for fiscal year 2018
* AZZ Inc says expect North American galvanizing market conditions to begin to improve in second half of fiscal 2018 as infrastructure spend increases
* Says were also impacted by project delays for Westinghouse nuclear projects in fiscal 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DHAKA, Dec 10 (Reuters) - Bangladesh's finance minister said late on Saturday he wanted to “wipe out” a Philippines bank that was used to channel $81 million stolen from the Bangladeshi central bank's account with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York last year.
Abul Maal A. Muhith was responding to questions from reporters about a Reuters story on Friday that said Bangladesh Bank had asked the New York Fed to join a lawsuit it was considering filing against Manila-based Rizal Commercial Banking Corp (RCBC) seeking damages.
“The Bangladesh Bank has taken a decision (on filing a suit). They will let me know. We haven't so far taken any steps as the Philippines government was taking care of it (investigating the heist),” Muhith said.
“But it seems Rizal bank has been playing delinquent. We want to wipe out Rizal bank from the world.”
Muhith did not elaborate. He did not respond to requests seeking comment.
Unidentified hackers stole the money using fraudulent orders on the SWIFT payments system. The money was sent to accounts at RCBC and then disappeared into the casino industry in the Philippines.
Nearly two years later, there is no word on who was responsible and Bangladesh Bank has been able to retrieve only about $15 million, mostly from a Manila junket operator. (reut.rs/2jk1W74)
The Philippine central bank fined RCBC a record one billion pesos ($20 million) last year for its failure to prevent the movement of the stolen money through it.
RCBC has said it would not pay any compensation to Bangladesh Bank and that Dhaka bank bore responsibility for the theft since it was negligent.
RCBC did not immediately respond to a request seeking comment on a Sunday about Muhith's comments. (Reporting by Serajul Quadir, Krishna N. Das, Ruma Paul and Karen Lema; Editing by Toby Chopra)
The logo of Foxconn, the trading name of Hon Hai Precision Industry, is seen on top of the company's headquarters in New Taipei City, Taiwan March 29, 2016. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu/File Photo
WASHINGTON/TAIPEI Foxconn (2317.TW), the world's largest contract electronics manufacturer and a major Apple Inc (AAPL.O) supplier, is planning a "capital-intensive" investment in the United States, Chairman Terry Gou said as he exited the White House on Friday.
Formally known as Hon Hai Precision Industry Co, Foxconn operates large manufacturing facilities in China, which is a base for its assembly of Apple's iPhones. The Taiwan-based company has been eyeing U.S. investments for some time.
President Donald Trump has made several announcements since his election in November about U.S. investments by both foreign and domestic manufacturers, building on his campaign focus on preserving and creating American jobs.
It was unclear if Gou had met personally with Trump, who had already departed the White House for a trip to Atlanta by the time the Foxconn chairman emerged and spoke with reporters outside.
"We are planning a number of investments in America,” Gou said. "This project will include both capital-intensive and skilled labor-intensive and high-tech investment."
Gou said in January that Foxconn was mulling setting up a display-making plant in the United States with an investment that would exceed $7 billion.
When asked how much money he plans to invest, Gou said he wanted that to be a White House announcement.
"We're still not final yet," he said. “I think we will share with you in the summer, maybe a few weeks."
Asked if he had met with Trump, Gou said: "I don't want to say yes or no. After we select the location, the White House will make an announcement."
Gou also visited the White House on Thursday, along with senior company executives including Vice Chairman Tai Jeng-wu, who is also chief of Japan's Sharp Corp (6753.T), in which Foxconn holds a two-thirds stake.
Trump has urged Foxconn and other companies to create U.S. jobs, wooing them in some cases and pressuring them in others.
In December, Trump met with billionaire Masayoshi Son, the head of Japan's SoftBank Group Corp (9984.T), who said he planned $50 billion in investments in the United States.
Trump demanded that United Technologies Corp (UTX.N) reverse a decision to shift Carrier air conditioner production to Mexico from Indiana or face import duties. Carrier agreed to retain jobs in Indiana and received state tax breaks.
Trump also pressured Ford Motor Co (F.N) to cancel a new small-car plant in Mexico. The automaker abandoned that plant but said the decision stemmed from declining sales of small Ford Focus models in the United States.
Foxconn said in a statement after Gou spoke: "We can confirm that we are engaged in discussions with officials at various levels of government regarding our ongoing plans to significantly increase our investments in the United States."
Foxconn is also looking to acquire Toshiba Corp's (6502.T) chip business. People familiar with the deal have told Reuters it is considered a U.S. security risk due to ties with China, where Foxconn employs about 1 million people.
Gou declined to comment when asked about Trump's statement to Reuters on Thursday that he would not take another telephone call from Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen.
(Additional reporting by Koh Gui Qing in New York, Ginger Gibson and Mohammad Zargham in Washington; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Lisa Von Ahn)
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland.
The snow-covered landscape is reflected in a logo in front of FIFA headquarters in Zurich, Switzerland, January 10, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
ZURICH Qatari and Asian soccer official Saoud Al-Mohannadi has won an appeal against a one-year ban that prevented him from standing for a place on the FIFA Council, soccer's governing body said on Thursday.
Al-Mohannadi, a vice-president of the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) and Qatar Football Association (QFA), was banned by FIFA's ethics watchdog in November for failing to cooperate as a witness in an investigation.
He had previously been disqualified from standing for a place on the FIFA Council while the matter was investigated.
However, FIFA's Appeal Committee said in a statement on Thursday that there was insufficient evidence to establish that Al-Mohannadi had violated the code of ethics. It also lifted a 20,000 Swiss franc (15,950 pounds) fine levied against him.
His disqualification in September led delegates to cancel an extraordinary AFC Congress which had been called to choose Asian places on the FIFA Council. The agenda was voted down after just 27 minutes of the Congress in Goa.
The election for four places on the Council will now go ahead in May although the AFC has already published the names of the eight candidates.
The AFC could not immediately be reached to comment on whether Al-Mohannadi would be allowed to stand.
Neither FIFA nor its ethics committee have given further details of the investigation that Al-Mohannadi failed to cooperate with, although it has said that it did not concern the 2022 World Cup awarded to Qatar.
(Reporting by Michael Shields; writing by Brian Homewood; editing by Mark Heinrich)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO: People walk through the lobby of the London Stock Exchange in London, Britain August 25, 2015. REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett/File photo
LONDON London-listed shares steadied on Monday with retailers the top gainers, and mid and small-caps rose to new record highs on strength in commodities.
The blue-chip FTSE 100 .FTSE index ended the day flat, mimicking a broadly flat European market.
Higher oil prices pushed up the commodities-heavy small and mid-cap indexes. The FTSE 250 .FTMC set a record high at 19,277.99 points, closing 0.2 percent higher at 19,264.60 points. Tullow Oil (TLW.L) was the top gainer, up 5.7 percent.
The small caps .FTSC also climbed to new heights, closing 0.4 percent higher, near its record high of 5,448.60 points.
Retailers ABF (ABF.L), Marks & Spencer (MKS.L), Tesco (TSCO.L) and Next (NXT.L) all gained. A court approved a deal between Britain's biggest retailer Tesco and the Serious Fraud Office to settle an investigation over a 2014 accounting fraud.
Shares in BHP Billiton (BLT.L) closed a strong session up 2.2 percent, after hedge fund Elliott Advisors sent a letter to the miner proposing a plan to unlock shareholder value. The plan involves scrapping BHP's London Stock Exchange listing, demerging its U.S. oil arm and revising its capital return policy.
"Being based in Australia, you've got a lot of resources in the country itself, you've got access to Asia which is a great consumer of those kinds of resources, but then the capital, historically, has always come from London - so that's essentially why you've got two listings," said Ken Odeluga, market analyst at City Index.
"I don't really see how much value would be unlocked by such a drastic action so quickly."
Precious metals miners Randgold Resources (RRS.L) and Fresnillo (FRES.L) were the biggest fallers, down 2.4 and 2.5 percent respectively as the price of gold inched lower.[GOL]
Small-cap platinum miner Lonmin (LMI.L) dropped 10 percent, tracking platinum prices lower.
Shares in Barclays (BARC.L) reversed earlier losses to trade 0.4 percent higher after the bank said British regulators were investigating its chief executive, Jes Staley, over the handling of a whistleblowing incident.
The investigation by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority relates to an attempt by Staley last year to identify the author of a letter by a whistleblower, the bank said.
"While Mr Staley's reputation has undoubtedly taken a serious knock, we believe that it remains in the best interests of shareholders to keep him in the post of CEO and hence we recommend that they follow the board's direction and vote in favour of his reappointment at the AGM in May," Gary Greenwood, an analyst at Shore Capital Markets, said in a note.
Shares in UK Real Estate Investment Trust Shaftesbury (SHB.L) rose 3.3 percent on a media report that a Hong Kong-based billionaire was considering a bid for the company.
(Reporting by Kit Rees, editing by Larry King)
(Reuters) - Brighton and Hove Albion have signed striker Bojan Radulovic from Spanish third tier side Lleida for an undisclosed fee, the club have announced.
The 18-year-old is Brighton's third signing of the January transfer window after the arrival of fellow strikers Leonardo Ulloa on loan from Leicester City and Jurgen Locadia from PSV Eindhoven for a club record 14 million pounds.
“We had been made aware of Bojan as a result of his rapid rise to the first team at Lleida and he has been a regular in their senior team for much of the current season,” Brighton under-23 coach Simon Rusk said.
The Spanish striker, who has made 18 appearances in all competitions this season, has two goals and helped Lleida knock Real Sociedad out of the Copa Del Rey.
“We have been impressed with what we have seen of him and are delighted to welcome him to the club,” Rusk added.
“His challenge now is the same of all those players in the under-23 age group, and that is to continue his development with the aim of breaking through into the senior squad.”
The goal-starved south coast club are 15th in the league with 24 points.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
President of SUN InBev, the Russian unit of Anheuser-Busch InBev, Dmitry Shpakov speaks during an interview with Reuters in Moscow, Russia March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
President of SUN InBev, the Russian unit of Anheuser-Busch InBev, Dmitry Shpakov speaks during an interview with Reuters in Moscow, Russia March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
FILE PHOTO: A man walks past the logo of Anheuser-Busch InBev at the brewer's headquarters in Leuven, Belgium, February 26, 2014. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir/File photo
President of SUN InBev, the Russian unit of Anheuser-Busch InBev, Dmitry Shpakov poses during an interview with Reuters in Moscow, Russia March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
MOSCOW Russians are among the biggest drinkers of alcohol in the world, yet are developing a new taste for alcohol-free beer, which could help save a brewing industry that has stalled under government initiatives to discourage drinking.
Sales of zero-alcohol beer jumped 12 percent last year even as the broader Russian market shrank by 2 percent, according to research firm Nielsen, extending a 40 percent slide in beer sales since the government tightened regulations in 2008.
Anheuser Busch InBev (ABI.BR) plans to promote the alcohol-free version of its Bud brand as a sponsor of soccer's FIFA World Cup when Russia hosts it next year. Carlsberg's Russian unit Baltika (CARLb.CO), which has the largest share of Russia's alcohol-free beer market, said this month it was making new investments in zero-strength beer.
The trend, say people in the industry, is being driven by a move towards healthier lifestyles among Russian consumers, nudged by government measures that include restrictions on alcohol sales and tougher penalties for drunk-driving.
"This market is absolutely undeveloped in Russia. We plan to expand our range, we want more," said Dmitry Shpakov, head of AB InBev's Russian business, which markets alcohol-free versions of its international Bud, Stella Artois and Hoegaarden brands as well of some of its Russian brands.
Last year AB InBev saw double-digit growth in Russian sales of its alcohol-free beers, and it expects to achieve a similar pace this year.
The segment is growing from a low base. Alcohol-free beer accounts for around 1.2 percent of Russia's beer market, according to Nielsen. That, said Shpakov, compares to 5 percent of the German beer market and 13 percent in Spain.
AB InBev has a global aim for weak and alcohol-free beer to account for 20 percent of its total sales by 2025.
"I'm not saying it can't be 20 percent in Russia. It certainly can. We are thinking about a number of very strong initiatives, which can drive this process," Shpakov told Reuters in an interview. "It's a very important focus."
Philip Gorham, analyst at Morningstar, said the Russian government's push to curb drinking would help the segment: "Per capita (alcohol) consumption has been declining. If that continues, I do think there is room for non- and low-alcohol alternatives to act as a substitute."
Brewers pioneered non-alcoholic beer in the 1980s and 1990s, but with only limited success, partly because consumers did not like the taste. Since then, changes to the production process have made it taste more like regular beer.
"I think the stigma attached to drinking non-alcoholic beer is less today than it used to be. Ten years ago, non-alcoholic beer was rare whereas today there is greater consumer acceptance, partly helped by the much-improved taste profile," said Ed Mundy, analyst at Jefferies.
"Do I think that the 1 percent beer share of Russian beer can that grow? Yes I think so. As consumers come to accept that the product offering is much improved."
CUTTING BACK
Alcohol-free beer is a rare bright spot for a Russian brewing industry which Euromonitor estimates was worth an estimated $15 billion in 2016, but which shrank as the government has sought to reduce drinking.
The average Russian over the age of 15 consumed the equivalent of 15.1 litres of pure alcohol per year in 2008-2010, according to the most recent figures from the World Health Organisation. That was a litre less than five years earlier, but still among the highest in the world: only the citizens of two other ex-Soviet republics, Belarus and Lithuania, consumed more.
While spirits still account for 51 percent of the alcohol consumed in the birthplace of vodka, beer's share rose rapidly after 2000 as international brewers invested heavily.
But beer sales tumbled after 2008 when Russia started to increase the excise tax on it, tightened rules on its advertising and banned its sale in street kiosks. Brewers have since shut 12 plants.
AB InBev has closed five plants, and Shpakov said the firm's remaining five were running at between 40 and 90 percent of capacity last year depending on season and regions they serve.
The industry had hoped to halt the slide this year, but a new ban on beer in popular plastic bottles larger than 1.5 litres has again hurt sales. Shpakov said he expects the market to fall a further 5 percent in 2017.
None of the new regulations affect beer without alcohol, and increasingly Russians see it as a safer way to enjoy their traditional drinking culture. Alexander Bumagin, a 40-year-old self employed Muscovite, said he has not drunk alcohol for more than 10 years, but likes an alcohol-free beer to wash down prawns, a typical Russian "zakuska", or drinking snack.
He drinks it "for the sake of the process," he said.
(Additional reporting by Diana Asonova and Polina Nikolskaya; editing by Christian Lowe and Peter Graff)
The U.S. Army has been authorized by Congress to recruit 7,500 additional soldiers this year -- a hike that should mean more recruits being training at Fort Jackson in 2018.
U.S. Army Recruiting Command will see the largest in-year goal increase in its history, raising the original goal of active duty Army recruits by 6,000 to 68,500. The Army reservists will increase by 1,500.
Many of those new recruits will go through basic training at Fort Jackson, the nation's largest training base, although those levels have yet to be determined.
"It will be a decent-sized chunk," said L.A. Sully, spokeswoman for the Columbia Recruiting Battalion, which includes 214 recruiters throughout South Carolina as well as Asheville, N.C., and Augusta, Ga.
Fort Jackson, which is in them middle of a yearlong celebration of its 100th year of training soldiers, pumps more than $2 billion a year into the midlands economy and accounts for 17,000 jobs locally and nearly 20,000 statewide, according to a study by the University of South Carolina.
Much of that economic impact stems from the families of the nearly 50,000 troops who train there each year when the families come for weekly graduation ceremonies. The families fill hotel rooms and restaurants and crowd the city's attractions.
More recruits will mean more families and more business, particularly for hotels and restaurants in the Jackson Boulevard/Devine Street area, Forest Drive, Garners Ferry Road and downtown.
The recruiting deadline for the new levy is September. Those soldiers will begin training in 2018.
The new, $300 million authorization will help boost the active duty Army, the nation's largest service, to 476,000, up from the previous goal of 460,000. The boost, along with greater retention efforts, also hint at a political reversal of military downsizing since the peak of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq.
"Some of it has to do with the change in administration in Washington," said Lt. Col. Robert "Vinnie" Garbarino, commander of the Columbia Recruiting Battalion.
Most of the cut in recent years have affected senior non-commissioned officers and mid-level commissioned officers through attrition, he said.
"The recruiting command stayed fairly consistent through the years," Garbarino said.
The new authorization would provide $200 million for enlistment bonuses and $100 million for marketing, Sully said. Much of the marketing is done at high school events and job fairs, she said.
Many of those new recruits will come to Fort Jackson, which trains 50 percent of the nation's soldiers and 60 percent of its female soldiers, depending on the recruits' Army career choices.
The other training bases are Fort Benning, Ga., which trains infantry soldiers; Fort Sill, Okla., which trainings artillery soldiers; and Fort Leonard Wood, Mo., which trains military police.
In addition to new recruits, Fort Jackson also provides advanced training to another approximately 20,000 troops each year, from chaplains to drill sergeants.
Khichdi Actors Pay Tribute To Sridevi
Regarding the episode, the actor-producer, JD Majethia was quoted by TOI as saying, "The episode had an interesting gag involving Sridevi. When she passed away in February, we were reluctant to air that part."
Sridevi Loved The First Season Of Khichdi!
"However, we then felt that there was nothing derogatory about it and we were referring to her in a humour sequence, which actually will be our tribute to the legendary actress. She had once told us that she loved the first season of our show."
Sridevi Made Supriya Talk Like Hansa
Supriya Pathak, who plays Hansa on the show, recalled as to how Sridevi made her talk like Hansa when they met on flight.
Surpiya Had A Beautiful Memory Of The Actress
The actress was quoted by the leading daily as saying, "Around three years ago, I met her on a flight and she literally made me talk like Hansa. It was embarrassing for a moment, but that just showed how much she loved the characters."
Surpiya's Character Hansa
Regarding her role, Supriya had said in her earlier interview, "I had to do a lot of disconnecting from things to play this role. Earlier, I used to always ask people if they want me to answer as Supriya or Hansa. If they said Hansa, and asked me a question, I would say, I don't know."
Supriya As Hansa
"That's because Hansa doesn't know anything! For me, it was important to reach that state of thing in mind where I don't question anything. That is the happy quotient of Hansa because as an actor mujhe kuch sochna nahin padta."
April 3 DHC Software Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 160 percent to 210 percent, or to be 451.5 million yuan to 538.4 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 173.7 million yuan
* Says steady growth in core businesses and increased investment revenue as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/HolhLz
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Bottles of Corona beer, the flagship brand of Group Modelo, are pictured at a restaurant in Mexico City, Mexico January 27, 2017. REUTERS/Henry Romero
Corona and Modelo brewer Constellation Brands Inc (STZ.N) gave a strong profit forecast for the current fiscal year, buoyed by its success of focusing on premium beers and spirits.
Shares of the company, which also reported higher-than-expected fourth-quarter profit and sales, jumped nearly 9 percent to a record high on Thursday.
The company has made acquisitions in the last two years to enter the craft liquor market as consumers increasingly prefer premium and craft liquor.
Constellation's beer sales, which account for more than half of total sales, rose 11 percent in the quarter ended Feb. 28, boosted by higher volumes, better pricing and increased demand for its Ballast Point craft beer.
The positioning of Ballast Point as a premium brand is exactly what both our wholesalers and retailers are looking for, Constellation Chief Executive Robert Sands said on a call. The company acquired Sculpin IPA's Ballast Point for $1 billion in November 2015.
Constellation, which also makes Robert Mondavi wine and Svedka Vodka, forecast adjusted earnings of $7.70-$8.00 per share for the fiscal year ending February.
Analysts on average estimate earnings of $7.51 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The company said it expects net sales to rise about 4-6 percent in fiscal 2018.
Constellation also estimated net sales of beer to rise 9-11 percent in 2018.
"We think there have been some concerns around the beer growth slowing in FY18... but the high-single-digit to low-double-digit top-line growth guidance should alleviate some of those concerns," J.P. Morgan analyst Andrea Teixeira said in a client note.
Constellation, however, has faced investor skittishness in the last few quarters due to potential tax changes on U.S. imports by President Donald Trump and congressional Republicans.
The company, which makes most of its beer in Mexico, also said its Hispanic consumer confidence is improving. With Trump's inability to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, company executives said there was a lot of uncertainty around the new administration's plans to reform taxes.
Constellation reported adjusted profit of $1.48 per share in the fourth quarter, ahead of analysts' average estimate of $1.36 per share.
The Victor, New York-based company's net sales rose 5.5 percent to $1.63 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $1.59 billion.
(Reporting by Gayathree Ganesan in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ryan Sessegnon is the talk of the Championship - but will he earn a place on England's plane to the World Cup?
Players plying their trade in the second tier rarely get selected by England but Fulham whizz kid Sessegnon could be about to buck the trend.
Sessegnon, 17, has taken the Championship by storm this season and has already bagged 14 goals in 41 appearances.
Plenty of Premier League clubs are keeping tabs on the youngster, who is reportedly rated at £50million.
Manchester United, Arsenal and Spurs are among a host of clubs to be linked with Sessegnon, who broke into Fulham's first team last season.
And bookies have him down as an outside bet to gatecrash Gareth Southgate's England squad headed for Russia.
The left-sided starlet is as short at 12/1 to be on the plane with some bookmakers.
The head of Germany's domestic intelligence agency has warned that China allegedly is using social networks to try to cultivate lawmakers and other officials as sources. From a report:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The 7th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled Monday that Margarita Del Pilar Fitzpatrick, a resident alien who registered to vote illegally, can be deported for the act despite her claim that she did so at the direction of a DMV employee.
Fitzpatrick arrived in the country in 2002 and is married to a U.S. citizen. Fitzpatrick applied for an Illinois driver's licence a few years after arriving in the country, court records show. During the process, the DMV clerk asked Fitzpatrick if she wished to register to vote, telling her “it's up to you.”
The Government is unlikely to put a name forward for upcoming openings at the top of the euro-zone's banking supervision authority, as it concentrates its efforts on securing a European Central Bank (ECB) executive board job for Philip Lane early next year, according to sources.
Deputy Central Bank of Ireland governor Sharon Donnery was reported by Bloomberg on Wednesday to be among potential candidates to succeed the ECB's banking supervision chair, Daniele Nouy, whose term comes to an end in December.
However, sources said Minister for Finance Paschal Donohoe was unlikely to pitch Ms Donnery as the next head of the ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM) when he and euro zone consider the matter later this year.
Board member
The Government remains focused, instead, on putting Prof Lane's name forward next year to become an ECB executive board member as Peter Praet, the organisation's chief economist, retires in May 2019.
Still, Ms Donnery, who also chairs the SSM's work on non-performing loans across euro-zone banks, is seen as the leading figure to replace Prof Lane should he become Ireland's first ECB executive board member next year and move to Frankfurt.
That would make Ms Donnery, an economist who joined the Central Bank in 1996, the first internal candidate and first woman to lead the institution since it was set up 75 years ago. It would also give her an automatic seat on the ECB's rates-setting governing council.
A spokesman for the Department of Finance and spokeswoman for the Central Bank declined to comment.
The ECB is facing a busy period of executive changes as it prepares for a winding down of its €2.6 trillion quantitative easing (QE) bond-buying stimulus programme and return to interest-rate hikes, a decade after the financial crisis began.
Candidate
ECB president Mario Draghi will step down in October next year, with executive board member Benoit Coeure set to depart three months later. At the SSM, which was set up in 2014 to oversee euro-area banks, Ms Nouy's exit in December will be followed within months by the ending of the terms of vice-chair Sabine Lautenschlaeger and ECB appointee Ignazio Angeloni.
The Government withdrew Prof Lane as a candidate for the vice-presidency of the ECB in February as the only other person in the race, economy minister Luis de Guindos, had lined up more votes among European colleagues.
Still, members of the European Parliament's economic and monetary affairs committee said at the time that Prof Lane's technical expertise on monetary policy shone through as they grilled both candidates in the final stages of the process.
The successor to Mr Praet would not automatically become chief economist, though Prof Lane would be well placed for the position, as a holder of a doctorate in economics.
A Blackberry logo hangs behind a Canadian flag at their offices on the day of their annual general meeting for shareholders in Waterloo, Canada June 23, 2015. REUTERS/Mark Blinch/File Photo
BlackBerry Ltd reported better-than-expected adjusted earnings for the sixth straight quarter, as the smartphone pioneer's shift to the higher-margin software business paid off.
The Canadian firm also said on Friday it expects to be profitable on an adjusted basis for the second year in a row, and generate positive free cash flow in the year ending February 2018.
The company's U.S. shares closed up 11.5 percent at $7.75 on Friday, and its Toronto-listed shares closed up 11 percent at C$10.30.
Waterloo, Ontario-based BlackBerry has focused on building a robust software business after scrapping production of its once-iconic smartphones, which lost favor with the arrival of sleek and fully touchscreen handsets.
The company outsourced the development of its smartphones last year, signing a deal with Indonesia's BB Merah Putih to make and distribute new BlackBerry-branded devices. It has also signed similar deals with China's TCL and India-based Optiemus Infracom Ltd.
Adjusted revenue from the software and services unit, which includes mobile device management products and the QNX industrial operating system, rose 12.2 percent to $193 million in the fourth quarter ended Feb. 28, from the preceding quarter.
QNX is crucial to BlackBerry's efforts in the self-driving vehicle industry. The company already has a partnership with Ford Motor Co to develop autonomous driving software, and Chief Executive John Chen hopes to forge such deals with carmakers around the world.
On an adjusted basis, the company's total revenue was $297 million, beating analysts' average estimate of $289.3 million.
"They (Blackberry) put up a good quarter on the software revenue side, but if you dig a little deeper a lot of that beat was driven by relatively lumpy professional services revenue," Cavan Yie, portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management, told Reuters.
Yie said Manulife has stayed away from the stock due to Blackberry's lack of free cash-flow generation, but that could change given the "potential for good things to come out" of the software business.
Gross margin jumped to 60.1 percent in the quarter from 43.3 percent last year.
BlackBerry received more than 3,500 enterprise customer orders in the quarter, a 16.7 percent increase from the third quarter.
"Looking ahead to fiscal 2018, we expect to grow at or above the overall market in our software business," Chen said in a statement.
Excluding one-time items, the company earned 4 cents per share. Analysts on average had expected the company to break even, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Operating expenses nearly halved to $229 million.
(Reporting by Vishaka George and Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Denny Thomas in Toronto; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar and Maju Samuel)
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday that Pyongyang is a problem that "will be taken care of," as speculation rose that North Korea might be on the verge of a sixth nuclear test.
Trump, responding to a question about what his message is for North Korea, said, "North Korea is a problem. The problem will be taken care of."
He said he believed Chinese President Xi Jinping would "work very hard" to help resolve the challenge. The president said he had spent a lot of time with Xi last week in Florida.
"I have really gotten to like and respect President Xi. ... He's a very special man. I think he's going to try very hard."
(Reporting by Steve Holland; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
A waiter fills up beer mugs in a restaurant at 'Kloster Andechs' in Andechs near Munich, Germany, April 19, 2016. REUTERS/Michaela Rehle/File Photo
BERLIN, April 5 - Growth in Germany's services sector accelerated further in March, a survey showed on Wednesday, suggesting Europe's largest economy will post healthy growth in the first quarter.
Markit's final services index rose to a 15-month high of 55.6 from 54.4 in February, helped by new business in the post and telecommunication sector and the renting, business activities and financial intermediation branch.
Markit's final composite Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI), which tracks the activity in manufacturing and services that together account for more than two-thirds of the economy, rose to 57.1 from 56.1 in February to reach a 70-month high.
Markit's final PMI for manufacturing on Monday showed growth had accelerated at the strongest rate in nearly six years in March. It suggested manufacturing would contribute to overall growth in the first quarter.
Wednesday's results similarly suggest services, which are not historically a German strength, would also contribute to growth.
Services providers recorded the strongest expansion in new work since February 2016. It was the second straight monthly acceleration after three months of slowing growth.
"The final services PMI data for March completed a picture of strengthening economic growth in Germany in the opening quarter of 2017," Markit economist Trevor Balchin said.
He added that the data reinforced Markit's full-year growth forecast of 1.9 percent this year for Europe's largest economy.
Service companies faced higher input costs linked to salaries and fuel prices. Input inflation rose for the sixth time in seven months, reaching a five-year high, which led to the biggest increases in the price of services since July 2008.
Despite inflation pressures, service providers were most optimistic about their 12-month business outlook in six years.
Their optimism was reflected in increased hiring. Job creation rose at the fastest rate since November 2010 and for
the 41st month in a row.
However, the hiring drive was not enough to offset pressure on capacity - outstanding business rose for the second consecutive month at the highest rate since June 2016.
Detailed PMI data are only available under license from Markit and customers need to apply to Markit for a license.
(Reporting by Joseph Nasr, editing by Larry King)
COURTESY OF BAETJE FARMS
Steve and Veronica Baetje are selling their acclaimed creamery.
click to enlarge BETH FARROW CLAUSS
You could be the owner of this acclaimed Bloomsdale creamery.
Sign up for our weekly newsletters to get the latest on the news, things to do and places to eat delivered right to your inbox.
Follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Twenty years ago, Steve and Veronica Baetje bought a goat and her kid for $45 and taught themselves how to make goat cheese. In the years that followed, their creamery,, became an internationally renowned brand, with goat cheese recognized as some of the best in the world.Now, the pair are ready for their next chapter.In a Facebook post last Wednesday , the Baetjes announced that they are seeking a buyer for their acclaimed creamery, offering Baetje Farms as a turnkey business. The asking price for the four-acre Bloomsdale farm and brand, including all equipment and proprietary information such as recipes and techniques, is $1.5 million."In 1998 Baetje Farms began with the dream of someday owning our very own successful farmstead artisan cheese company....20 years and more than 70 national and international awards later....Steve and Veronica Baetje are looking for the next successor to elevate Baetje Farms onward to the next level," they wrote."It's been twenty years now, and we were like, 'Let's do something more,'" Veronica explains. "It's not that we don't enjoy what we are doing — we just felt like we'd come full circle, and in order for the business to get to the next level, it probably needs to go to a different owner."Anyone who has dined at the area's top restaurants is likely familiar with the Baetje Farms name, which has become synonymous with high-quality goat cheese. However, its fame spans far beyond Missouri. The Baetjes have been profiled in theand their cheeses have won more than 70 international awards, including being named a four-time Super Gold winner at the world cheese awards in Europe — a prestigious honor awarded to only 50 of the 3,000 cheeses that enter.For Veronica, the recognition has been humbling and completely unexpected. "We're just people who like goats and started making cheese," she says. "We're not special."Though many would disagree with that claim, Baetje Farms indeed has humble — and poignant — beginnings. After Steve and Veronica were married in 1991, they took on the renovation of an old farmhouse, but found themselves burnt out on the project after seven years of backbreaking work. The pair moved to a Mennonite community in Mt. Vernon, Illinois, where they produced all of their own food. Veronica wanted to incorporate dairy into their farming repertoire so she could have ice cream, yogurt and cheese, but cows were too expensive. They settled on goats, and the pair taught themselves cheesemaking and goat husbandry.Around this time, the Batejes were coming to terms with the fact that they were unable to have children of their own — a reality that was even more difficult to accept in the Mennonite community, where it is common to have large families. Veronica threw herself into cheesemaking as a way to deal with her personal pain."It was very healing for me," Veronica says. "We really wanted to have a family but we couldn't. I would take a kerosene lamp and go out to the shed to milk the goats and take care of them. It felt like a way for me to still be involved in the circle of life."The Baetjes moved from Mt. Vernon to their current address in Bloomsdale in 2005, which is when their cheesemaking operation took off. At first, they thought Veronica would take care of twenty or so goats and Steve would keep his day job in stonework and construction. However, they quickly realized that they had a more than full-time operation on their hands.As Baetje Farms took on a life of its own, Steve and Veronica went along for the ride, even at the expense of other interests. Now that they have reached the twenty-year mark, they've decided to reassess what they want out of life. As Veronica explains, Steve is a talented stonemason who, together with his sister, would like to get into renovating houses in the St. Louis area. Because the cheese business takes up so much time, he has been unable to pursue that path.For her part, Veronica wants to remain in cheesemaking, but not in her current capacity. As part of the sale, she is offering to stay on at Baetje as a consultant. She is also entertaining the idea of serving as a consultant for other brands that are just getting started as well as teaching goat husbandry in the developing world.As for Baetje Farms, she envisions it remaining a top-quality artisan creamery but sees the potential for expanding the operation. "We could see this as a place for agritourism, a wedding venue or a bed and breakfast," she says. "I could also see a French company that wants to get a foothold in the American market being interested. They have experience with expanding production while maintaining the quality of the product. It will be interesting to see who comes forward. "For now, however, Veronica emphasizes that it is cheesemaking as usual at Baetje Farms. "Some people are acting like we aren't in business anymore and that's not the case," she explains. "We're operating business as normal and seeing this through to the end."
FILE PHOTO: ConocoPhillips CEO Ryan Lance attends Gastech, the world's biggest expo for the gas industry, in Chiba, Japan on April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai/File Photo
HOUSTON ConocoPhillips (COP.N) has beaten its 2017 asset sales target less than four months into the year, after shedding $30.8 billion worth of energy assets in six years.
But instead of a chorus of cheers on Wall Street, Chief Executive Ryan Lance is facing investor skepticism that the company can deliver growth from remaining oil and gas fields.
ConocoPhillips' most recent sales of Canadian oil-sands properties and U.S. natural gas wells for a combined $16 billion will part with nearly 30 percent of its proved reserves in order to deliver near-term shareholder payouts and pare debt. For a graphic, click tmsnrt.rs/2pKHtZQ
Lance told Reuters the sales to Cenovus Energy (CVE.TO) and Hilcorp Energy Co will fulfill promises to reduce long-term debt by 42 percent to $15 billion, fund $6 billion in share purchases and help reshape the company for an era of low and volatile energy prices.
Drilling in two shale regions should help restore falling U.S. output by the fourth quarter.
"I don't worry about production and reserves in the company," he told Reuters in an interview, citing oil and gas fields that could be upgraded to proved reserves over time.
ConocoPhillips can achieve flat to 2 percent annual production growth on its properties, after adjustments for sales, and deliver shareholder payouts, he said.
But interviews with portfolio managers, former employees and industry analysts point to the frequent sales as a short-term fix. They worry ConocoPhillips' plan for modest production growth, flat capital spending and steady shareholder payouts pales in comparison to rivals that have retooled themselves to deliver sharply higher growth rates.
The danger of its reliance on fewer assets was driven home in recent weeks as a fire at a supplier hurt its ability to ship crude from oil-sands properties.
Mike Breard, who tracks energy stocks for Hodges Capital Management, said the strategy lacks appeal.
"If I wanted yield, I'd buy something else. If I wanted growth, I buy something else. I just don't see what customers would want to be in that in-between situation," Breard said.
The Houston company projects its daily production of crude and natural gas will fall 26 percent after the latest sales to about 1.16 million barrels of oil equivalent (boe). Barclays expects overall it won't return to production growth on a full-year basis until 2019.
"They've sold a very valuable asset," said Marc Heilweil, senior portfolio manager at Atlanta-based investment firm Gratus Capital, referring to the oil-sands holdings.
The deal will "make it harder for them to fully replace reserves down the line" because shale-oil properties have shorter productive lives, he said.
To ensure growth, oil producers must continually add reserves to offset production and the natural decline that occurs in oil-and-gas properties.
In 2012, ConocoPhillips spun off its refining business, leaving the ranks of the large, integrated companies like Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM.N) and Chevron Corp (CVX.N), and putting it among a group of mostly-small U.S. independent exploration and production companies.
Lance, who was the company's technology chief, became ConocoPhillips' chairman and CEO upon the spin off. He pledged to boost output by 3 percent to 5 percent annually by tapping its large pool of deep-water, oil-sands and conventional oil-and-gas properties. That goal ended two years later as prices collapsed, forcing it to borrow heavily to cover its spending on production. ConocoPhillips later cut its dividend.
Its lack of exposure to refining has helped its shares stand out recently. The company's stock is down 4.3 percent year to date, even after an about 9 percent jump following the March 29 disclosure of a $3 billion addition to its share buy backs. In contrast, Chevron is 11.5 percent lower and Exxon is off about 10.8 percent in the same period.
Of analysts with published ratings on the stock, 7 rate it a strong buy, 11 rate it a buy and 6 rate it a hold. That compares to Chevron with 6 strong buy ratings, 12 buy ratings and 3 hold ratings.
VALUE FROM SHALE
Last fall, Lance recast ConocoPhillips as an energy company able to offer steady shareholder returns on flat production spending of about $5 billion a year. It shaved its growth target to as much 2 percent, instead of up to 5 percent, and promised 20 percent to 30 percent of operating cash flow would go to holders via dividends and buy backs.
He insists the remaining assets can generate substantial cash from operations even if oil CLc1 falls below $40 a barrel. ConocoPhillips is ramping up output from its Eagle Ford and Bakken shale wells, from another oil-sands property and liquefied natural gas (LNG) from operations in Australia.
Meanwhile, rivals have cranked up their production much faster. U.S. shale-focused companies project 15 percent volume growth this year, says consultancy Wood Mackenzie, and the larger oil producers such as Chevron are raising output and delivering fatter dividends.
ConocoPhillips will be producing an average 1.25 million boe a day in 2019, estimates Barclays. In contrast, Chevron projects its daily output this year will rise between 103,000 boe and 233,000 boe over 2016's average 2.59 million boe, excluding divestitures. Chevron pays a 4 percent dividend.
The risk for ConocoPhillips investors is the growth in production doesn't generate higher free cash flow for share buy backs, and the 2 percent dividend yield, about half that of Chevron, becomes the bigger part of returns.
Henry Smith, co-chief investment officer at Haverford Trust, which invests in companies offering revenue growth and dividend gains, sold ConocoPhillips shares ahead of its 2016 dividend cut and has not been tempted back by the new strategy.
ConocoPhillips' pledge to deliver steady returns and growth is appealing, said Smith. But, he added: "Exxon over the years has fit that bill." Haverford's oil-industry holdings are Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM.N), Chevron and Schlumberger NV (SLB.N), he said.
Tom Bergeron, an equity analyst at Frost Bank, also prefers other oil producers such as Chevron and Occidental Petroleum Corp (OXY.N) for what he said is their expected growth and their higher dividend yields.
Lance, who worked summers as an oilfield roughneck while studying petroleum engineering in Montana, said he understands investors want proof the company can deliver regular payouts without the asset sales.
"It'll probably take performance through a cycle to demonstrate we have the position and the passion to deliver," he said, referring to the industry's boom and bust periods.
For a graphic on trading energy production for cash, click here
(Editing by Simon Webb and Edward Tobin)
FILE PHOTO: A pile of one pound coins is seen in central London June 17, 2008. REUTERS/Toby Melville
LONDON Sterling strengthened versus the dollar and the euro on Monday, bouncing back from a three-week low as investors eyed coming inflation data that could revive bets on eventually tighter Bank of England policy.
The pound gained over 1.5 percent against the dollar in March on the back of rapidly accelerating prices, with markets moving to price in the chance of an interest rate rise at the start of next year as one BoE rate-setter - albeit an ongoing one - voted in favour of a hike.
But it has fallen back since the start of April, with comments from BoE Governor Mark Carney as well as fellow policymakers such as Gertjan Vlieghe pouring cold water on the idea that Britain's record-low interest rates could increase any time soon despite rising inflation.
Sterling gained 0.4 percent on Monday to $1.2419, leaving it about half a cent above a three-week low of $1.2365 touched on Friday.
Currency market positioning data from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission released on Friday showed a small scaling back of 'short' positions on the pound in the week up to last Tuesday, though they remain near the highest level on record.
"Sterling (has) found support at the 30-day moving average, at $1.2366, for two consecutive days in line with a reduction in net short positions against the pound," said Western Union corporate hedging manager Harry Mills.
"We look towards tomorrow's CPI (consumer price inflation) release for any signs that a persistently weak pound and rising energy prices will cause further headache for the BoE, especially against a backdrop of slowing wage growth."
Numbers due at 0830 GMT on Tuesday are expected to show consumer prices increased 1.9 percent in March compared with the same month last year, a slight deceleration from February's rate of 2 percent.
Sterling also gained against the euro on Monday, up 0.3 percent at 85.39 pence.
Wages data on Wednesday will also be closely watched, as will any further signals of the early mood in Brexit negotiations.
The other 27 European Union members have sketched out their stance, but will lay down more formal guidelines on April 29.
"What you are looking for is another of layer of bad news," said ING currency strategist Viraj Patel. "There is a clear mismatch from what the UK wants and what the EU wants, so I think we are in for a bit of a reality check here."
(Editing by Tom Heneghan)
Wales 34 Scotland 7
Wales made a flying start to the Six Nations as they blew Scotland away 34-7 in Cardiff.
The Scots, without a win in the Welsh capital since 2002, never recovered from conceding tries inside the first 12 minutes to Wales scrumhalf Gareth Davies and fullback Leigh Halfpenny.
Halfpenny claimed a second touchdown after half-time and added four conversions and two penalties for a 24-point haul, before wing Steff Evans's try secured a five-point maximum as Scotland's recent resurgence came to a grinding halt.
Substitute back Peter Horne scored a consolation 79th-minute try for Scotland that Finn Russell converted, but the damage had long been done.
Wales' triumph marked Warren Gatland's 10th anniversary as head coach in style, although bigger challenges now await in the shape of reigning Six Nations champions England at Twickenham next weekend, then Ireland at the Aviva Stadium.
Despite their injury troubles, Wales hardly missed a collective beat.
They repeatedly rocked Scotland back on their heels through outstanding performances from the likes of lock Cory Hill, flankers Aaron Shingler and Josh Navidi, plus Rhys Patchell on his first Test start as outhalf.
Wales's Josh Adams is tackled by Byron McGuigan of Scotland. Photograph: Ryan Byrne/Inpho
Scotland, in contrast, lost all the the key battles, struggling up front and not being able to shackle Wales' broken-field runners on what was a sobering occasion for them.
Attacking forces like fullback Stuart Hogg and centre Huw Jones could not get into the game, and Wales were never seriously troubled on an afternoon when scoreline emphatically summed up their degree of dominance.
Wales launched their Six Nations campaign minus nine injured front-line players – a list of absentees that included star names like Sam Warburton, Jonathan Davies, Taulupe Faletau, Dan Biggar and Rhys Webb – while Scotland had major front-five issues, being without their leading props and secondrow talisman Richie Gray.
Scotland, fresh from an impressive autumn campaign when they crushed Australia and ran world champions New Zealand close, were immediately on the front foot following Davies's poor clearance, with lock Jonny Gray running deep inside the opposition 22.
Although Wales gained a penalty to relieve the danger, Scotland had made their intention clear to put pace and width on the ball, yet the home side stung them through a 60-metre breakaway score when Gareth Davies caught his opposite number Ali Price's pass and sprinted clear.
Leigh Halfpenny scores his first try. Photograph: Getty Images
Halfpenny converted, before Wales almost conjured a spectacular try when forwards Shingler, Hill, Rob Evans and Alun Wyn Jones combined brilliantly, but Steff Evans dropped Jones's pass just five metres from Scotland's line.
But it was only a temporary reprieve as Wales sacrificed a kickable penalty for an attacking scrum, and then making it pay as they exposed Scotland defensively and Halfpenny claimed his first Wales try for five years, before his conversion made it 14-0 after 12 minutes.
Scotland inevitably took time to recover their composure following the ferocity of Wales' start, yet even when they had possession it was mostly from unthreatening positions, and they remained scoreless as half-time approached.
And there were only five minutes to the break when Wales came under sustained pressure for the first time, facing a five-metre attacking Scottish scrum, but a handling error in midfield thwarted the Scots and Wales surged upfield through centre Hadleigh Parkes's lengthy touch-finder.
Wales began the second period in untroubled mode, as two Halfpenny penalties during a five-minute spell took them 20 points clear before Scotland boss Gregor Townsend made a triple substitution, including an appearance for scrumhalf and former Test captain Greig Laidlaw.
But it made no difference to the overall picture as Halfpenny went over for his second try, adding the conversion to end things as a contest and confirm Townsend's Six Nations coaching debut as one to forget.
Steff Evans then sealed the deal through a spectacular diving one-handed finish, with Halfpenny's conversion ending Scottish misery and sending Wales to London next Saturday in confident mood.
WALES: L Halfpenny; J Adams, S Williams, H Parkes, S Evans R Patchell, G Davies; R Evans, K Owens, S Lee; C Hill, AW Jones; A Shingler, NJ avidi, R Moriarty.
Replacements: W Jones for R Evans, T Francis for Lee (both 51 mins), B Davies for Hill (56), G Anscombe for Patchell, E Dee for Owens (both 63), J Tipuric for Moriarty (65), O Watkin for S Williams (71 mins). Not used: A Davies.
SCOTLAND: S Hogg; T Seymour, C Harris, H Jones, B McGuigan; F Russell, A Price; G Reid, S McInally, J Welsh; B Toolis, J Gray; J Barclay, H Watson, C Du Preez.
Replacements: G Laidlaw for Price, J Bhatti for Reid, R Wilson for Du Preez (all 49 mins), P Horne for Harris, S Maitland for McGuigan, G Gilchrist for Toolis (all 55), M McCallum for Welsh (65), S Lawson for McInally (70).
FORT WORTH, Texas Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Robert Kaplan on Wednesday joined many of his colleagues in saying that the U.S. central bank could start shrinking its $4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year, even as it raises rates "gradually and patiently."
"My view is we could start that process as soon as later this year," Kaplan said in Fort Worth at the Cornerstone Credit Union League Annual Meeting, adding that he would prefer the Fed phase in the reductions to its portfolio so as to manage the impact on markets.
He told reporters later that he still sees three rate hikes this year as his "baseline" case, and that plans to shed the Fed's assets do not change that view.
The Fed acquired trillions of dollars' worth of Treasuries and mortgage-backed securities during years of quantitative easing designed to push down long-term borrowing costs and pull the economy out faster from the Great Recession. Now that the labor market is nearly healed and inflation is rising toward the Fed's 2-percent goal, Fed officials want to start shrinking that portfolio.
The last time the Fed signaled a change of course on the balance sheet, in 2013 under Fed Chair Ben Bernanke, yields shot up quickly, delaying the central bank's plans for returning monetary policy to a more normal setting.
Fed policymakers are eager to avoid a repeat of that disruption. They discussed the balance sheet at their most recent meeting, in March, but did not settle on a time frame or any other details, minutes of that meeting show. Several policymakers have suggested since the meeting that balance sheet reductions could begin late this year or early next.
Broad measures of U.S. unemployment show there is still slack in the labor market, but it is getting tighter, Kaplan said. Unemployment in March was 4.5 percent, below what most Fed officials see as full employment.
"We are not at full employment but we are getting there," Kaplan said. Because inflation is also rising, he said, the Fed should be raising rates. At the same time, because of structural headwinds like an aging labor force, economic growth is expected to be slower than in the past.
"We can afford to be gradual and patient," on raising rates, he said.
Kaplan is a voter on the Fed's policy-setting panel this year.
(Writing by Ann Saphir; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
April 28 PZ Cormay SA:
* Said on Thursday that in the course of discussions concerning changing a cooperation formula, Diagdev SAS renounced a cooperation with company's unit Orphée SA which was signed in 2015 and concerned creation of a new 3-DIFF hematologic analyzer
* Diagdev SAS expressed a will to negotiate the rules of terminating the cooperation Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
FRANKFURT, April 5 The DAX top-30 index looked set to open unchanged on Wednesday, according to premarket data from brokerage Lang & Schwarz at 0611 GMT.
The following are some of the factors that may move German stocks:
ALLIANZ
Indicated 0.3 percent higher
A consortium led by a unit of Allianz is looking to buy a third of the 15 percent stake Atlantia is selling in its Italian motorway business, two sources close to the matter said on Tuesday.
Separately, Pimco regained its perch as the manager behind the world's largest actively managed bond fund, data from the asset manager showed on Tuesday.
COMMERZBANK
Indicated 0.3 percent higher
Germany's second-largest bank has informed its works council that 7,800 jobs will be cut in Germany as part of a restructuring announced last year, Handelsblatt newspaper reported.
DEUTSCHE BANK
Indicated unchanged
Sufficient demand has been registered for the bank's capital increase, Handelsblatt reported on Wednesday, citing financial sources.
DEUTSCHE POST
Indicated 0.1 percent higher
The group's CEO tells Handelsblatt in an interview that he does not expect a dramatic impact on its business from Brexit, adding that Britain seems likely to take action that will boost its economy.
VOLKSWAGEN
Indicated unchanged
Former VW chairman Ferdinand Piech will leave the supervisory board of Porsche SE in autumn, Handelsblatt reported. Porsche SE said on Monday Piech would stay on the board until the closing of the stake sale. The paper said the regulatory review of the sale could take 6 months.
EVOTEC
Indicated 2.7 pct higher
The company said it had achieved its first milestone in a diabetes alliance with Sanofi, triggering a payment of 3 million euros.
MEDIGENE
Up 4.6 pct in early trades
The company said preclinical data on the T-cell receptor (TCR) T4.8-1-29 was presented in Washington, D.C., USA. It will start a phase I/II trial by the end of 2017.
ANALYSTS' VIEWS
DRAEGERWERK - HSBC lowers to "Reduce" from "Hold"
NANOGATE - Berenberg starts with "Buy", 58 eur target price
OVERSEAS STOCK MARKETS
Dow Jones +0.2 pct, S&P 500 +0.1 pct, Nasdaq +0.1 pct at close.
Nikkei +0.3 pct, Shanghai stocks +1.3 pct.
Time: 6.12 GMT.
GERMAN ECONOMIC DATA
German March final Markit PMI due at 0755 GMT. Services PMI seen flat at 55.6 points, composite PMI unchanged at 57.0.
EUROPEAN FACTORS TO WATCH
DIARIES
REUTERS TOP NEWS (Reporting by Emma Thomasson and Victoria Bryan)
(Corrects spelling of Imagination)
MILAN, April 3 European shares rose on Monday in broad-based gains led by stronger commodity stocks, while British firm Imagination Tech slumped 70 percent after losing its major customer, Apple.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index was up 0.3 percent, while Britain's FTSE added 0.2 percent.
Europe's basic resources index rose 1.1 percent, leading sectoral gainers, as copper prices inched higher, while gains in oil prices help lift the oil and gas index 0.7 percent.
Banks were the biggest sectoral loser, down 0.4 percent. (Reporting by Danilo Masoni; Editing by Louise Ireland)
UN Special Envoy of the Secretary-General for Syria Staffan de Mistura, arrives for take part to a round of negotiation with Syria's main opposition High Negotiations Committee (HNC), during the Intra Syria talks, at the European headquarters of the United Nations in Geneva,... REUTERS/Salvatore Di Nolfi/Pool
GENEVA Syria peace talks being hosted by the U.N. in Geneva have descended into bureaucratic wrangling since resuming this year, and even an optimist would struggle to conclude they are inching towards a settlement between the warring sides.
But behind the scenes, the rumour mill has focused on one question that seems designed to stop their mediator, Staffan de Mistura, from making any sort of progress: is he about to leave?
While western diplomats are keen for him to stay on, Russian media outlets have cited unnamed sources saying that de Mistura's mandate expires on Friday and he will formally retire in April, before a new round of talks in May.
Other Russian reports say the veteran diplomat, who turned 70 in January, will stay on for a further six months.
Russia, the chief ally of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, is widely seen as holding the balance of power in the talks, as well as on the battlefield. Last year Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov accused de Mistura of "sabotaging" peace talks, before apparently approving of him again.
Diplomats say they do not know what Antonio Guterres, who took over as U.N. Secretary-General on Jan. 1, has in mind, but say the U.N. coordinator in Lebanon, Sigrid Kaag, is being floated as a potential successor.
De Mistura has declined to say if he is going or staying, since becoming a lame duck could undermine his ability to cajole the Syrian negotiators towards a deal.
This month he said that upon the arrival a new U.N. Secretary-General, the top U.N. officials stayed for another three months maximum - or longer if their boss wanted them to.
"But there is also one important person who indicates to me how long I should be staying, that is my wife. So we have quite a negotiation on that," de Mistura said.
Western diplomats say de Mistura, who took on the role in July 2014 after his predecessors Lakhdar Brahimi and Kofi Annan failed to make peace, had built a strong team and the talks would benefit from keeping him on.
"We've heard this kind of rumour before. Obviously there's a lot of it this round, but nothing to confirm or deny either way to suggest if he's actually going," one diplomat said.
"There's been some pressure put by way of media statements and leaks from the Russian side. That's the main source that I've seen of pressure. What the Russians intend to do with that is not something I completely comprehend."
Another Western diplomat said the Syrian opposition was "obsessed" with the issue.
But opposition negotiator Basma Kodmani told Reuters there was no preference about the mediator's identity, as long as any newcomer did not waste months getting to grips with the issues and the personalities involved.
"That person needs to be fully aware of everything, not put the clock back and say: 'Oh, the regime maybe might...' No it might not," she said.
"Six years later you do not start all over again. That is our biggest concern."
(Reporting by Tom Miles, additional reporting by Stephanie Nebehay; editing by John Stonestreet)
* Portugal/Germany 10-year yield spread hits almost-four week high
* Spain resilient following ratings outlook boost from S&P
* Upcoming data could affect pace of U.S. rate hikes
* Euro zone periphery govt bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr
By Abhinav Ramnarayan
LONDON, April 3 Portugal and Italy saw their 10-year borrowing costs spike compared to Germany on Monday as the European Central Bank reduced its asset purchases, putting pressure on lower-rated members of the bloc.
From April, the central bank is cutting its monthly asset purchases to 60 billion euros of bonds from 80 billion in what markets see as a first step towards normalisation of monetary policy.
Though policymakers last week stressed that rate rises are not on the cards in the near future, lower-rated South European states are the biggest beneficiaries of stimulus and most vulnerable to any hints of policy tightening.
"We are now in the new environment of only 60 billion euros (of bond purchases), and though this was well telegraphed it seems to be negative for peripheral spreads," said Commerzbank strategist David Schnautz.
The yield gap between Portugal's 10-year government bond and the German benchmark 10-year bond hit an almost four-week high of 368 basis points, up 4 bps on the day.
Italy's 10-year borrowing cost gap over Germany hit 203 bps, its highest since March 24.
"But notably the positive news from S&P on Spain from last week seems to be outweighing the reduced purchases," Schnautz added.
Ratings agency S&P Global last week revised its sovereign credit outlook for Spain to positive from stable, increasing the chances of an upgrade from its current BBB+ at the country's next review.
Spanish 10-year bond yields edged lower on the day, almost keeping pace with better-rated euro zone countries.
Most euro zone government bond yields have risen in recent months, but investors have tended to view Spain in a kinder light than similarly-rated Italy. Spain's 10-year borrowing costs are 68 bps lower, not far from a five-year high of 75 bps hit late in March.
DZ Bank analysts say this divergence between higher and lower-rated countries within the bloc could continue as French presidential elections loom.
"As the first round of the French presidential elections will take place this month, reduced ECB purchases should lead not only to generally rising yields in the euro area, but also to wider cross-market spreads, which should weigh above all on the periphery and France," the analysts said in a note.
French and peripheral bond yields have risen in recent months on the outside chance that far-right leader Marine Le Pen wins the keys to the Elysee Palace and pushes for a French exit from the single currency.
Investors will also look at U.S. manufacturing activity data at 1400 GMT. Economists polled by Reuters forecast the ISM PMI at 57, down from 57.7 in the previous month.
"This is the first key economic indicator of the quarter for the U.S. and should give us some idea of whether the Fed will go forward with three rate hikes this year," said DZ Bank strategist Daniel Lenz.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Editing by Catherine Evans)
May 2 Bio Gate AG:
* Chairman of supervisory board Knud Klingler to resign from supervisory board with effect as of the end of the AGM
* Former CEO Karl Richter, will leave the management board and will stand for election to the supervisory board at this year's annual general meeting
* In this case, it is intended that Richter should assume the mandate as chairman of the supervisory board. The previous CFO and chairman Marc Lloret-Grau assumes the CEO position on the board of management Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
A copy of British Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit letter in notice of the UK's intention to leave the bloc under Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty, is placed next to a European Flag in this March 29, 2017 photo illustration. REUTERS/Yves Herman /Photo Illustration
LONDON Below is the text of the letter British Prime Minister Theresa May sent to European Council President Donald Tusk triggering Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty, the formal start of the process by which Britain will leave the European Union.
Dear President Tusk,
On 23 June last year, the people of the United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union. As I have said before, that decision was no rejection of the values we share as fellow Europeans. Nor was it an attempt to do harm to the European Union or any of the remaining member states. On the contrary, the United Kingdom wants the European Union to succeed and prosper. Instead, the referendum was a vote to restore, as we see it, our national self-determination. We are leaving the European Union, but we are not leaving Europe – and we want to remain committed partners and allies to our friends across the continent.
Earlier this month, the United Kingdom Parliament confirmed the result of the referendum by voting with clear and convincing majorities in both of its Houses for the European Union (Notification of Withdrawal) Bill. The Bill was passed by Parliament on 13 March and it received Royal Assent from Her Majesty The Queen and became an Act of Parliament on 16 March.
Today, therefore, I am writing to give effect to the democratic decision of the people of the United Kingdom. I hereby notify the European Council in accordance with Article 50(2) of the Treaty on European Union of the United Kingdom's intention to withdraw from the European Union. In addition, in accordance with the same Article 50(2) as applied by Article 106a of the Treaty Establishing the European Atomic Energy Community, I hereby notify the European Council of the United Kingdom's intention to withdraw from the European Atomic Energy Community. References in this letter to the European Union should therefore be taken to include a reference to the European Atomic Energy Community.
This letter sets out the approach of Her Majesty's Government to the discussions we will have about the United Kingdom's departure from the European Union and about the deep and special partnership we hope to enjoy – as your closest friend and neighbour – with the European Union once we leave. We believe that these objectives are in the interests not only of the United Kingdom but of the European Union and the wider world too.
It is in the best interests of both the United Kingdom and the European Union that we should use the forthcoming process to deliver these objectives in a fair and orderly manner, and with as little disruption as possible on each side. We want to make sure that Europe remains strong and prosperous and is capable of projecting its values, leading in the world, and defending itself from security threats. We want the United Kingdom, through a new deep and special partnership with a strong European Union, to play its full part in achieving these goals. We therefore believe it is necessary to agree the terms of our future partnership alongside those of our withdrawal from the European Union.
The Government wants to approach our discussions with ambition, giving citizens and businesses in the United Kingdom and the European Union – and indeed from third countries around the world – as much certainty as possible, as early as possible.
I would like to propose some principles that may help to shape our coming discussions, but before I do so, I should update you on the process we will be undertaking at home, in the United Kingdom.
The process in the United Kingdom
As I have announced already, the Government will bring forward legislation that will repeal the Act of Parliament – the European Communities Act 1972 – that gives effect to EU law in our country. This legislation will, wherever practical and appropriate, in effect convert the body of existing European Union law (the “acquis”) into UK law. This means there will be certainty for UK citizens and for anybody from the European Union who does business in the United Kingdom. The Government will consult on how we design and implement this legislation, and we will publish a White Paper tomorrow. We also intend to bring forward several other pieces of legislation that address specific issues relating to our departure from the European Union, also with a view to ensuring continuity and certainty, in particular for businesses. We will of course continue to fulfil our responsibilities as a member state while we remain a member of the European Union, and the legislation we propose will not come into effect until we leave.
From the start and throughout the discussions, we will negotiate as one United Kingdom, taking due account of the specific interests of every nation and region of the UK as we do so. When it comes to the return of powers back to the United Kingdom, we will consult fully on which powers should reside in Westminster and which should be devolved to Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. But it is the expectation of the Government that the outcome of this process will be a significant increase in the decision-making power of each devolved administration.
Negotiations between the United Kingdom and the European Union
The United Kingdom wants to agree with the European Union a deep and special partnership that takes in both economic and security cooperation. To achieve this, we believe it is necessary to agree the terms of our future partnership alongside those of our withdrawal from the EU.
If, however, we leave the European Union without an agreement the default position is that we would have to trade on World Trade Organisation terms. In security terms a failure to reach agreement would mean our cooperation in the fight against crime and terrorism would be weakened. In this kind of scenario, both the United Kingdom and the European Union would of course cope with the change, but it is not the outcome that either side should seek. We must therefore work hard to avoid that outcome.
It is for these reasons that we want to be able to agree a deep and special partnership, taking in both economic and security cooperation, but it is also because we want to play our part in making sure that Europe remains strong and prosperous and able to lead in the world, projecting its values and defending itself from security threats. And we want the United Kingdom to play its full part in realising that vision for our continent.
Proposed principles for our discussions
Looking ahead to the discussions which we will soon begin, I would like to suggest some principles that we might agree to help make sure that the process is as smooth and successful as possible.
i. We should engage with one another constructively and respectfully, in a spirit of sincere cooperation. Since I became Prime Minister of the United Kingdom I have listened carefully to you, to my fellow EU Heads of Government and the Presidents of the European Commission and Parliament. That is why the United Kingdom does not seek membership of the single market: we understand and respect your position that the four freedoms of the single market are indivisible and there can be no “cherry picking”. We also understand that there will be consequences for the UK of leaving the EU: we know that we will lose influence over the rules that affect the European economy. We also know that UK companies will, as they trade within the EU, have to align with rules agreed by institutions of which we are no longer a part – just as UK companies do in other overseas markets.
ii. We should always put our citizens first. There is obvious complexity in the discussions we are about to undertake, but we should remember that at the heart of our talks are the interests of all our citizens. There are, for example, many citizens of the remaining member states living in the United Kingdom, and UK citizens living elsewhere in the European Union, and we should aim to strike an early agreement about their rights.
iii. We should work towards securing a comprehensive agreement. We want to agree a deep and special partnership between the UK and the EU, taking in both economic and security cooperation. We will need to discuss how we determine a fair settlement of the UK's rights and obligations as a departing member state, in accordance with the law and in the spirit of the United Kingdom's continuing partnership with the EU. But we believe it is necessary to agree the terms of our future partnership alongside those of our withdrawal from the EU.
iv. We should work together to minimise disruption and give as much certainty as possible. Investors, businesses and citizens in both the UK and across the remaining 27 member states – and those from third countries around the world – want to be able to plan. In order to avoid any cliff-edge as we move from our current relationship to our future partnership, people and businesses in both the UK and the EU would benefit from implementation periods to adjust in a smooth and orderly way to new arrangements. It would help both sides to minimise unnecessary disruption if we agree this principle early in the process.
v. In particular, we must pay attention to the UK's unique relationship with the Republic of Ireland and the importance of the peace process in Northern Ireland. The Republic of Ireland is the only EU member state with a land border with the United Kingdom. We want to avoid a return to a hard border between our two countries, to be able to maintain the Common Travel Area between us, and to make sure that the UK's withdrawal from the EU does not harm the Republic of Ireland. We also have an important responsibility to make sure that nothing is done to jeopardise the peace process in Northern Ireland, and to continue to uphold the Belfast Agreement.
vi. We should begin technical talks on detailed policy areas as soon as possible, but we should prioritise the biggest challenges. Agreeing a high-level approach to the issues arising from our withdrawal will of course be an early priority. But we also propose a bold and ambitious Free Trade Agreement between the United Kingdom and the European Union. This should be of greater scope and ambition than any such agreement before it so that it covers sectors crucial to our linked economies such as financial services and network industries. This will require detailed technical talks, but as the UK is an existing EU member state, both sides have regulatory frameworks and standards that already match. We should therefore prioritise how we manage the evolution of our regulatory frameworks to maintain a fair and open trading environment, and how we resolve disputes. On the scope of the partnership between us – on both economic and security matters – my officials will put forward detailed proposals for deep, broad and dynamic cooperation.
vii. We should continue to work together to advance and protect our shared European values. Perhaps now more than ever, the world needs the liberal, democratic values of Europe. We want to play our part to ensure that Europe remains strong and prosperous and able to lead in the world, projecting its values and defending itself from security threats.
The task before us
As I have said, the Government of the United Kingdom wants to agree a deep and special partnership between the UK and the EU, taking in both economic and security cooperation. At a time when the growth of global trade is slowing and there are signs that protectionist instincts are on the rise in many parts of the world, Europe has a responsibility to stand up for free trade in the interest of all our citizens. Likewise, Europe's security is more fragile today than at any time since the end of the Cold War. Weakening our cooperation for the prosperity and protection of our citizens would be a costly mistake. The United Kingdom's objectives for our future partnership remain those set out in my Lancaster House speech of 17 January and the subsequent White Paper published on 2 February.
We recognise that it will be a challenge to reach such a comprehensive agreement within the two-year period set out for withdrawal discussions in the Treaty. But we believe it is necessary to agree the terms of our future partnership alongside those of our withdrawal from the EU. We start from a unique position in these discussions – close regulatory alignment, trust in one another's institutions, and a spirit of cooperation stretching back decades. It is for these reasons, and because the future partnership between the UK and the EU is of such importance to both sides, that I am sure it can be agreed in the time period set out by the Treaty.
The task before us is momentous but it should not be beyond us. After all, the institutions and the leaders of the European Union have succeeded in bringing together a continent blighted by war into a union of peaceful nations, and supported the transition of dictatorships to democracy. Together, I know we are capable of reaching an agreement about the UK's rights and obligations as a departing member state, while establishing a deep and special partnership that contributes towards the prosperity, security and global power of our continent.
Yours sincerely,
Theresa May
(Reporting by Costas Pitas, editing by Estelle Shirbon)
(Reuters Health) - It may be tempting to latch on to the latest diet fad like juicing or going gluten-free to lose weight or achieve other health goals. But when it comes to heart health, doctors say sticking with old standbys like fruits, veggies and olive oil is still the best approach.
To see what kind of diet patterns might be the most heart healthy, a team of doctors and researchers examined results from more than a dozen previously published nutrition studies. Taken together, all of this evidence shows the best regimen for heart health includes plenty of fruits, vegetables, whole grains and legumes, the study concludes.
“There is a great amount of misinformation about nutrition fads, including antioxidant pills, juicing and gluten-free diets,” said lead study author Dr. Andrew Freeman, director of cardiovascular prevention and wellness in the division of cardiology at National Jewish Health in Denver.
“However, there are a number of dietary patterns that have clearly been demonstrated to reduce the risk of many chronic diseases, including coronary heart disease,” Freeman said in a statement. “There is growing consensus that a predominantly plant-based diet that emphasizes green, leafy vegetables, whole grains, legumes and fruit is where the best improvements are seen in heart health.”
Based on the scientific data available, nuts in moderation, extra-virgin olive oil and lean meats can also be part of a heart healthy diet, Freeman and colleagues report in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology.
To help avoid high cholesterol, one risk factor for heart disease, the study authors also recommend skipping or limiting eggs and other oils like coconut and palm oil.
Even though U.S. dietary guidelines released last year removed previous recommendations to limit cholesterol, the current research review still advises against eating too many eggs because they are associated with higher cholesterol levels in the blood.
Coconut oil and palm oil may be trendy, but there isn't much data to show they're healthy for routine use, the study also concludes. Olive oil does have proven benefits, but should be consumed in moderation because it's high in calories.
When it comes to antioxidants, another diet fad, there's no evidence that supplements can help the heart and some evidence that they may have harmful health effects. But the science does support eating whole fruits and vegetables to get these nutrients.
Juicing, too, may not be as good for the heart as whole fruits and vegetables if people end up drinking too many calories, the researchers note. Juices without added sugar may, however, make sense for people who don't eat enough fruits and vegetables.
“The problem with juicing is that many individuals who drink these tend to consume more calories from added sugars (fruit, yogurt, milk) than they realize,” Dr. Daniel Rader of the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia said by email. He wasn't involved in the study.
Gluten-free diets that avoid ingredients like wheat, barley and rye are necessary for people with celiac disease or gluten allergies, but don't have proven benefits for anyone else, the study concludes.
It's possible that fad diets avoiding gluten without a medical reason to do this might appear to be successful because people who try eating this way to improve their health also do other things that are healthy like getting plenty of exercise and sleep and avoiding smoking and junk food, said Alvaro Hernaez, a researcher at the Hospital del Mar Medical Research Institute in Barcelona.
“They feel better because of the general improvement in their lifestyle habits,” Hernaez, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
Fads diets, especially those that load up on meat or restrict too much food, should be avoided, said Samantha Heller, a nutritionist at New York University Langone Medical Center who wasn't involved in the study.
“We would all benefit from eating fewer foods that come from animals such as ham, beef, cheese, butter and pork, and eating a lot more plant foods,” Heller said by email.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2mBgBKW Journal of the American College of Cardiology, online February 27, 2017.
AMAZING FIREWORKS DISPLAYS
There are so many fun events happening around Minnesota this 4th of July, that I started thinking about some of the best fireworks displays that I've ever seen? I searched for the best fireworks displays and this amazing video popped up. There are some incredible displays of flash and brilliance.
April 28 Straumann Holding Ag
* Rodo medical - co, straumann announced that straumann has increased its stake in rodo medical from 12% to 30%, for an undisclosed sum
* Rodo medical - agreement between two companies provides straumann with exclusive distribution rights - except in north america and south korea
* Rodo medical - agreement between two companies provides straumann option to increase straumann's participation to 51% in 2021 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
JERSEY CITY, N.J. (AP) — A former New Jersey church pastor who fled the country after he was convicted of sexually assaulting a teenage boy has been sentenced to more time behind bars.
Gregorio Martinez received a five-year prison term Monday for bail jumping. He will start serving the term once he completes a four-year sentence he got last July for the sex assault.
Martinez is native of the Dominican Republic and once was a Pentecostal preacher. He was convicted in February 2015 of molesting a 13-year-old boy he knew through a North Bergen church. Martinez fled and remained at large until he was apprehended in Honduras in August 2016.
Authorities had been searching for him since he failed to appear at a pre-sentencing hearing.
Advertisement
Martinez still faces charges stemming from the alleged sexual assaults of three other males.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
May 3 Molson Coors Brewing Co
* Molson Coors reports 2017 first quarter results
* Qtrly U.S. GAAP net income from continuing operations attributable to co was $0.93 per diluted share
* Qtrly net sales $2.4 billion, decreased 0.5 pct, and increased 1.0 pct in constant currency
* Qtrly worldwide brand volume was 19.706 million hectoliters, increased 2.1 pct
* For FY, expect transaction-related cash tax benefits of nearly $390 million and transaction-related amortization of about $45 million, net of tax
* Q1 earnings per share view $1.30, revenue view $2.46 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* qtrly underlying after-tax income was $0.76 per diluted share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON A surfer who went missing off the coast of Scotland has been found 13 miles from land after spending more than 30 hours in the water, British coastguard said on Monday.
The man, named by the BBC as 22-year-old Matthew Bryce from Glasgow, was reported missing after he set off to go surfing on Sunday morning from a beach near Campbeltown off the Scottish west coast, sparking a large search operation.
He was finally located on Monday evening, still with his surf board after being spotted by a rescue helicopter.
"Hope was fading of finding the surfer safe and well after such a long period in the water and with nightfall approaching we were gravely concerned," said Dawn Petrie from Belfast Coastguard Operations Centre in Northern Ireland which coordinated the search.
"He was kitted out with all the right clothing including a thick neoprene suit and this must have helped him to survive for so long at sea. He is hypothermic but conscious and has been flown to hospital in Belfast."
(Reporting by Michael Holden; editing by Guy Faulconbridge)
FILE PHOTO: Senator Alejandro Guillier is pictured at the Chilean congress in Valparaiso, Chile January 10, 2017. REUTERS/Rodrigo Garrido
SANTIAGO Chilean presidential candidate Alejandro Guillier would, if elected, aim to shift the country toward public transport networks that run on electricity, he told a gathering of journalists on Thursday.
The independent leftist senator also pledged to support renewable energy generation in the South American nation, which has experienced a boom in wind and solar power in recent years.
The country is beginning a major infrastructure build-out, and the two trends have begun showing some synergies. The metropolitan rail system of the capital, Santiago, for instance, is the first in the world to run primarily on solar power.
As well as electric public transport, Guillier said he plans to push for an electric vehicle charging park in his first year in office, and build up the country's minimal inter-urban rail links to cut reliance on fossil fuels.
Polls show the 63-year-old senator in second place in voting intentions to win November's presidential election, after conservative ex-president Sebastian Pinera.
Chile, which has essentially no local hydrocarbons, has shifted heavily toward renewable energy in recent years. In August, a slew of European renewable generators won the majority of contracts in a massive auction to supply the public power grid from the 2020s.
Energy developers will be watching the election keenly for clues as to the future direction of policy, such as the changing structure of the nation's public power auctions, and whether clean energy subsidies might be introduced.
(Reporting by Antonio de la Jara; Writing by Gram Slattery; Editing by James Dalgleish)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
January is usually not a strong month for car sales as it just after the holidays and people don't have the money to buy a new car. This is reflected in our January sales figure ticker where most automakers post small increases and decreases. There were some automakers that posted some surprising numbers. Nissan reported a 10 percent increase and Toyota noted an impressive 16.8 percent rise. The two automakers credit their utility as a key reason for the rise. But Bloomberg reports there is another reason for these rises.
Pulling data from Cox Automotive, Bloomberg found out that fleet deliveries for the month rose 46 percent for Nissan and 69 percent for Toyota. Most of the sales came from rental car companies.
“If you want to claim 10 percent market share, that's a way to do it. The danger is that you create a large number of late-model used cars that will compete with your new cars and bring down prices and profits,” said Maryann Keller, an independent auto industry consultant.
A number of automakers have been turning away from fleet sales for this very reason. GM which has been a poster child for fleet sales has been cutting back.
Toyota spokeswoman Amanda Roark told Bloomberg that fleet deliveries will be lower during the second half of this year and will likely make up "about 10 percent of its total U.S. sales in 2018." Judy Wheeler, Nissan vice president of U.S. sales explained the increase in fleet sales was due to them clearing out 2017 models to make way for 2018 models.
“It's really just a timing situation for us,” she said.
It needs to be noted that Nissan has been increasing their sales to fleets within the past year.
Source: Bloomberg
WASHINGTON, March 30 A divided U.S. Senate on Thursday sent a resolution to the president's desk killing a Labor Department regulation aimed at lightening federal restrictions for new municipally sponsored retirement savings plans for lower-income workers.
The rule, championed by states such as California but opposed by the mutual fund industry, exempted local municipal retirement savings plans from strict pension protection laws.
Utah Republican Orrin Hatch, the resolution's sponsor, said on Wednesday he expects the Senate to act in the near future to repeal a related rule affecting state retirement savings plans.
The resolution repealing the municipal retirement savings rule, approved by a 50-49 vote in the Senate and previously approved in the House of Representatives, marked the 12th time the Republican-controlled Congress has successfully killed an Obama-era regulation through the use of an obscure 1996 law known as the Congressional Review Act.
The law lets Congress fast-track the repeal of newly minted rules through a simple majority vote in the House and Senate, and a signature from the president. Once a rule is repealed, a "substantially similar" rule cannot be enacted in its place.
The Review Act sets a window of time where Congress can nullify regulation before it takes full effect. The Labor Department rule was finalized after the last day of May 2016, putting it into the window.
Using the resolutions, Republicans have sent rules spanning a variety of areas to the chopping block in hopes of loosening regulation they say constricts job and business growth.
Thursday's resolution and its near-twin for state plans counter the trend by keeping in place regulations small businesses must follow if their employees enroll in the retirement programs.
Towards the end of President Barack Obama's tenure, his Labor Department exempted both state and municipally run retirement savings plans from the landmark 1974 Employee Retirement Income Security Act, or ERISA - a law designed to protect workers' savings that details compliance requirements.
Private-sector workers whose employers do not offer 401(k) or other retirement benefits, and who often have low incomes, are automatically enrolled in the plans in states such as California, Illinois and Oregon.
States say the exemption from ERISA lets employers pass workers' money into plans without having to foot compliance costs.
They also say Wall Street wants to block the plans because they create competition.
But the Investment Company Institute, a mutual funds trade group, and U.S. Chamber of Commerce say the exemptions short-change workers from important federal pension protections that other workers receive.
"To be blunt, places like New York City shouldn't just get a pass," said Hatch during the Senate debate on the resolution, which started Wednesday.
(Reporting by Sarah N. Lynch; Editing by Steve Orlofsky)
Understanding in Uk.
Annually a lot more than 400 thousand unusual college students come to Great Britain to acquire larger degree and understanding, which genuinely is reasonable. British colleges and essay company universities use the leading employment opportunities around the environment browse roles of educational establishments and are therefore revealed for greater quantity of training of masters. The investigation involves not only visiting lectures, but additionally choosing component in fascinating conversation posts, workshops and ventures, which capabilities to the development of necessary and imaginative considering, along with strengthens self-confidence. It truly is doable to not ever simply sign up within the educative habits of well known England colleges and universities, but additionally get get for the most modern day day exploration laboratories and in depth range collections. Searching for included in the Britain will permit you to improve your The english language and create network abilities, that is especially extremely treasured by providers about the world.
British isles: Certainly the most Famous Learning And also the Effective Training
The recognition of English language language instruction and finding out is due to elements that other nations around the world cannot found: Superb Britain is identified as coursework help a good united states conversing traditional English language dialect; A very-designed method of expertise in the least sums; In Britain you possibly can uncover world-well-liked Oxford and Cambridge colleges, other schools which can be among the 20 most beneficial universites and colleges on the planet; The idea of of overview: the way from important college to graduate school requires 10 years, to get greater learning furthermore to a bachelor's university or college college diploma – three quite a few decades, a minute higher instruction or even a master's levels – 1 12-month period approximately
The English language instruction technique is various inside the European additional college. The coaching of young children begins using a five several-1 year years and entails 3 quantities: Preparatory school Big University higher college Just about every amount is affirmed by finished exams including a official document. Extra understanding entitles one particular to admission to an professional college. To get into the university or college, the student must full the supplementary college to get a variety of more generations and successfully complete the A-stage analyze.
Superior Training In The UK
Graduate pupils of Western institutions cannot proper gone register for institutions inside the Britain: our applicants do not have a single distinct 1 year for strong admission. The distinction from the 12 month period or so should be filled inside the preparatory training courses of coaching for mastering The language terminology and significant subject situation. Standard of United kingdom college or university is provided all over the world. The research reasons for educational facilities, the program of regular observing and evaluating of individuals all through the total time period of understand assurances the high-quality and high level of knowledge. A extraordinary diploma or degree or college degree is most certainly an great springboard for triumphs of profession height. By making contact with us you might get an exhaustive assistance that should certainly totally free from a number of growing issues in purchasing an understanding in great britan.
Bachelor's certification (Bachelor's school amount) could be the first part within the technique of higher know-how in the full academic world. Especially inside the UK, undergrad programs overall only 3 ages (employing the exemption to this particular law of fix), because the normal with the knowledge that could be typically bought within the quite very first 12 months of American or United states individual training centers, in The united kingdom, students get about the preparatory applications. For entryways to your undergraduate plan at schools in Excellent britain, trainees have to fulfill the seeking needs: a standard file of doing of secondary diploma, a certification of finalization within the preparatory system, an chronilogical chronilogical age of at a minimum 17 numerous quite a few years together with an Dialect language amount of not much less than IELTS 6.five aspects. Programs are recognized in countless circumstances from Sept 1 to December 15. Master's college diploma in great britan educational facilities can last only 1 one year. Therefore, many people who program to acquire in Master's software programs are served with pretty larger entrance technical specs, offered that throughout a short deadline each student need to research a major amount of details. Master's programs in United kingdom universities are place into two categories: Inspection uses and Tutored applications, and it can be actually commonly difficult that has an throughout the world scholar to know the difference. Trained apps are targeted specially at mentoring and processing. This may perhaps support people that have proceeded to discover a new way in their field of expertise for at some point use in make use of. In this education training, the pupil doesn't ought to are all around with tips and spend the period behind analysis. All that is without a doubt required http://gcu.academia.edu/Departments/Physics will probably be to completely totally have an understanding of the fabric having explained and write a single finished thesis at the finish off around the training. Programs inside Research school propose that most of the student's time is devoted to purpose inside the investigation sector. It really is significantly even more tough to subscribe to these kinds of products, mainly because a Proposal for Learn Proposition is anticipated, and it honestly is even harder to comprehend from them, due to the fact it presumes a superb experience within the content and it is individual research. These programs shall be wonderful for any those who inside the forthcoming program to have inside the PhD system.
Doctorate studies within the The united kingdom
Doctoral analysis (PhD) will be the third part inside of the program of larger guidance. The timeframe of the PhD method can vary primarily based about the skills of one's person as well as the information in the analysis. Theoretical (lecture) component persists not considerably much less than 3 ages, just right after that your potential lengthy period physician of sciences will ought to create and challenge to the thesis – it requires an extra 1 to 2 long time. Only individuals who currently help a master's certification within the exact exact same industry of the UK or maybe a unknown college of larger learning can put to acquire a PhD program within the united kingdom. The competition for doctoral applications within the English is quite challenging, as well as the fulfillment or fail in the option depends upon his analysis practical encounter, college achievements, the amount of training books and further than scholastic physical exercise.
Mixing perform and research inside the Language In practically all circumstances, students in larger education and learning are allowed to operate part-time (as much as 20 hours a week) by means of the useful term and full time by means of the journeys (as considerably as 40 a lot of several hours regular). Additionally to dealing with aspect time training expenses, it is also a superb chance to enhance the expressions level and acquire to understand the nearby neighborhood even more meticulously.
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
March 30 Canstar Resources Inc:
* Canstar Resources amends exploration plans for Kenora Gold project and revisits Mary March project
* Canstar Resources - due to contractor delays that may continue until spring breakup, co determined to delay commencement of next phase of drilling on project
* Canstar- drilling will commence in June, combined with other drilling planned for spring, additional surface exploration work for Kenora gold project Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
We live in a very fast-paced life today. Gone are the days when we wait a long time for what we want and need. The mantra now is, “the faster, the better.” Time is such a precious commodity that waiting is considered a waste.
Advertisements
We want things instantly. That's why we have instant noodles, fast food, instant messaging … even instant money. In short, we are surrounded with things that give instant gratification. We want that gadget, that car, that return on investment, those results… ASAP.
Yet, one of the biggest lessons in personal finance is being able to stay the course and build up resources patiently. And this takes time. Time, coupled with money invested, will surely yield great wealth. So we, as financial planners, continually look for ways to crunch up money—whether by subtracting expenditures or adding up expenses—to put it off for future use.
In a world of instant gratification, disciplining ourselves when it comes to buying impulsively is a great challenge. Everywhere you look, you see promos, big sales, the latest gadget launches, which demand your attention and ultimately, your money. You see them in malls, the internet, TV, newspapers, and huge billboards. The temptation is always there—and very compelling.
But these expenses can become huge setbacks if they do not contribute to your effort to get closer to your financial goals. The most effective shield against this temptation is a huge financial EQ: delaying gratification, that is, we delay present satisfaction for a future goal. And each peso saved, if properly managed, can bring more than the stuff you put off.
Here are four practical tips to help you delay gratification and curb the urge to buy on impulse:
1) Remember the bigger picture. Your life is not only lived in the present, but in the future as well. Not only your life, but that of your loved ones as well: the people who depend on you. Always remember your dream—for yourself and for them—the very reason you are trying to manage your finances wisely. Are you saving up for a business capital? A retirement nest egg? For your children's education? So every time you face a temptation to buy something, ask yourself: “How would this purchase bring me closer to my goal?” This will jolt you back to the reason why you are disciplining yourself in handling your expenses, and the end-goal should give you enough drive to hold on to your money.
2) Set a budget. Drawing up a budget means splitting your income into the various purposes you intend to cover: living expenses, discretionary expenses, investments and savings. I suggest doing this on a monthly basis, which can be further enhanced by breaking it down into daily allowances. Hereon, you have an idea of how much you can spend for that day only, and thus, control your urge to buy anything outside the budget. Should you want to allocate a monthly budget for your “impulsive buys,” you may. But stick to it.
Sometimes, however, be prepared to also forego some things that you may be aspiring for, in return for your financial goals. You may hold off purchasing that brand-new car, or going on a fancy vacation—sacrificing a bit so that the amount saved can be reallocated to that which will serve your goal. Remember that Warren Buffet, one of the world's richest men, still continues to live in the same house he bought in 1958. And he is not into hot cars, either.
3) Set a time for an intended purchase. When it's a sale season, of course items are at bargain levels – and that would be a perfect time to buy them. Yes, you'll be tempted to go on picking up as many items as you want reasonably for future occasions, such as someone's birthday or Christmas. But make sure these items have been planned way before then and that they have a purpose. And when you have bought them, stop. Remember, the more you save, the more you get closer to achieving your dreams.
4) Ask yourself if it is really needed. Almost always, the items that we buy out of impulse are things we really do not need. Let's face it. The latest gadget? That shoe? The “discounted vacation”? I have worked in a bank, and the big clients that I talked with—those people who, through hard work and sheer frugality, have achieved success—did not really buy those things while on their way up. They knew what they wanted, and that the little comforts along the way were only distractions to their real goals. The iPhone Xnow costs almost $1,000. But that money is more than enough to pay for an insurance policy to protect your family, or maybe even your dream vacation in the future. Financial Planning is all about priorities at the end of the day.
Rienzie Biolena is a registered financial planner of RFP Philippines. He is chief financial planner of WealthArki & Consultancy, Inc., a financial planning and wealth management advisory firm aligned with international best practices. To learn more about financial planning, attend the 65th RFP program this October. To inquire, e-mail at info@rfp.ph or text at 0917-9689774.
(Corrects to say Cavalcanti is chief financial officer, not CEO, in paragraph 1)
By Tatiana Bautzer
NEW YORK, March 31 Fibria SA, the world's largest eucalyptus pulp producer, is considering selling up to 1 billion reais ($319 million) worth of notes backed by agricultural receivables in Brazilian domestic debt markets, Chief Financial Officer Guilherme Cavalcanti said.
Selling so-called CRA debt, as the notes are commonly known, allows Fibria to raise funds at cheaper borrowing costs than Brazil's overnight lending rate because of their tax-exempted nature, he said. Fibria can invest the proceeds in investments yielding higher returns, generating a financial gain, he said.
The company has yet to decide whether selling CRAs, and has not hired any banks to explore or underwrite a sale, Cavalcanti added. Fibria has about 1 million hectares (2.47 million acres) of land, giving it enough assets that could be used as collateral for future CRA sales, he added.
Companies with large swaths of land or receivables from crops already sold use CRAs as a powerful fundraising tool, because of strong demand from wealthy families and other individual investors that want to take advantage of 15 percent tax exemption the securities enjoy.
The market for asset-backed debt has offered farming and real estate companies the chance to tap much-needed financing at a time when Brazil undergoes the harshest bank loan retraction in at least two decades.
The income-tax exemption for retail bond investors means corporate borrowers can offer paying 4 percentage points to 5 percentage points below the Selic overnight rate, which now runs at 12.25 percent. Economists expect the Selic to end this year below 10 percent.
The company's common shares rose 5.5 percent to 28.82 reais on Friday. The stock has fallen 9.7 percent this year. ($1 = 3.1309 Brazilian reais) (Editing by Guillermo Parra-Bernal and Richard Chang)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
PHOENIX - Police in a Phoenix suburb say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles has struck and killed a pedestrian. Uber has since suspended self-driving operations in the city and other cities.
Police in the city of Tempe said Monday that the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit.
Sgt. Ronald Elcock says in an email that the accident happened overnight but did not say whether it occurred Sunday night or Monday morning.
The woman died of her injuries at a hospital and her name was not made public.
Uber has been testing the self-driving vehicles in Tempe and Phoenix for months.
Uber says on Twitter that it is "fully cooperating" with the investigation and expressed condolences to the family of the victim.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A thief waved a bottle of vodka he was about to steal at a security camera in a Derby supermarket “because he wanted to get himself arrested”.
A court heard how Darren Main found himself in the city after “getting lost” while travelling from his home city of Leeds to Lincoln.
Deciding to “take the consequences” of being arrested the 39-year-old walked into a Morrisons store, pick up a bottle of vodka and an energy drink, open them both, mix them together and start drinking from the bottle.
As he did so, he held it up to the store's CCTV to alert the security staff about what he was doing. He was then held there until the police arrived.
(Image: Derbyshire police)
Main, of no fixed address, pleaded guilty to theft and to a charge of criminal damage having previously smashed up a bus shelter in Elland Road, Leeds, on January 20.
But having heard the facts of the case, at Southern Derbyshire Magistrates' Court, he then refused to come back to court from his cell and was jailed for a total of 14 weeks in his absence.
Peter Bettany, prosecuting, said the Derby offence took place at a Morrisons store on March 13.
He said: “The defendant is not from Derby, he is from the Leeds area and he said he got lost between two places having travelled through the city on his way to Lincoln.
“He did not know anyone and did not know the city and went to the store where he selected a bottle of vodka from the shelf and a bottle of energy drink.
“He began to mix the two drinks together and later said he was ‘struggling to cope with his conditions' so held the bottles up to the CCTV camera in the store thinking it would be better to get himself arrested and deal with the consequences.”
(Image: Oleg Shelomentsev)
Outlining the criminal damage offence, Mr Bettany said police saw Main in Elland Road, Leeds, throwing items at a bus shelter and by the time they got to arrest him he has “smashed it completely” causing £400 of damage.
He said both offences put him in breach of a suspended sentence imposed on March 5 for a separate offence, the details of which were not revealed in court.
Pardeep Kalyan, for Main, said his client entered early guilty pleas to all the offences and made “full and frank admissions” to the police when he was arrested in Derby.
He said: “He is struggling in life with things that are unexplainable.
“He tells me he wants to go into custody and sort himself out.”
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A Chipotle Mexican Grill is seen in Los Angeles, California, U.S. on April 25, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo
Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc (CMG.N) said on Thursday it would strengthen its lead director position in an agreement with a group of shareholders who are withdrawing their proposal to split the chief executive and chairman roles.
Union-affiliated investors Amalgamated Bank and CtW Investment Group filed a proposal in November to strip the chairman's role from Steve Ells, who is also Chipotle's founder and chief executive officer, by instituting an independent chair.
Chipotle said in a filing that it was not only "appropriate but also important" for Ells to serve as both chairman and CEO. (bit.ly/2oe9hZn)
Under the agreement, Chipotle agreed to strengthen the lead director position held by Neil Flanzraich, who has been an independent director since September 2014. Among other things, Flanzraich will write an annual letter to shareholders beginning in 2018.
"The lead director essentially serves as an independent chief for the board and provides an alternative to splitting the chairman and CEO roles," Chipotle spokesman Chris Arnold said in an email. He added that the letter from the lead director will be in addition to the chairman's annual letter.
Keith Mestrich, president and CEO of Amalgamated, called the move "a step in the right direction to bring transparency and trust back to the company."
Dieter Waizenegger, executive director of CtW, added: "We will continue to monitor Chipotle's progress, but are encouraged by these steps."
Management at the formerly high-flying burrito chain has been under a microscope since late 2015 when it was hit by a string of sales-battering food safety lapses, and investor pressure has led to a number of changes.
Bill Ackman's New York-based hedge fund, Pershing Square Capital Management LP, which is Chipotle's largest shareholder, has been agitating separately for change at the board level.
On Dec. 16, Chipotle added new four directors to its board: Matthew Paull, a former McDonald's Corp (MCD.N) chief financial officer; media executives Paul Cappuccio and Robin Hickenlooper; and Ali Namvar, a partner at Pershing Square Capital Management.
Just days before, the company announced that Ells would resume the role of sole chief executive due to the departure of co-CEO Monty Moran.
Earlier this month Chipotle said four of its 12 directors would not stand for re-election at its upcoming board meeting.
The company said John Charlesworth, Patrick Flynn, Darlene Friedman and Stephen Gillett opted not to be on the ballot for the May 25 election.
(Reporting by Lisa Baertlein in Los Angeles and Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru; Editing by Leslie Adler and Matthew Lewis)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An elderly couple have been conned out of £15,500 after a man called their home claiming to be from the fraud squad.
The victims, from Great Wyrley, near Walsall, received a call from a man last week claiming to be an officer with the fraud squad based in London. He told them he was calling because there had been some unusual activity using their bank card.
Over the next few days they were called several times and were eventually persuaded to withdraw £15,500 from two bank accounts on the pretext of helping police trace the fraudsters.
They were instructed to place the cash in an envelope, which was collected by a “courier” using a given password on March 13.
The man who collected the money was described as Asian, aged between 30 and 35, about 5ft 10ins tall and wearing a sweater and trousers.
(Image: Press Association)
Detective Inspector Robert Harvmann, from Staffordshire Police , said: “These callous fraudsters tend to prey on the elderly and pretend to be police officers to gain their victims' trust.
“Please remember that the police or your bank would never ask you to aid an investigation by withdrawing or transferring money. Never give out or confirm personal or financial information to anyone over the phone.
“If you receive one of these calls, end it immediately. Do not engage in conversation, they will try to cause panic and fear to get you collect money for them.
“If you believe you have been a victim of this type of crime, call us on 101. If you have any information regarding those responsible for such crimes, contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 10 Five Prime Therapeutics Inc:
* Five Prime Therapeutics announces completion of enrollment for the phase 2 part of the ongoing trial of cabiralizumab for the treatment of pigmented villonodular synovitis (PVNS)
* Five Prime Therapeutics Inc - Five Prime plans to seek regulatory feedback on design of a pivotal trial
* Five Prime Therapeutics - plans to present initial data from phase 2 part of trial at 2017 American Society Of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) annual meeting Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Papa John's stores in Kelowna and West Kelowna will be participating in the 4th-annual Dreams for Kids Day
—Steven Lin
Throw on some more cheese and pop the pizzas in the oven – it's all hands on deck tomorrow at Papa John's.
On April 25, 2018, Papa John's pizza stores in Kelowna and West Kelowna will take part in the 4th-annual Papa John's Dreams for Kids Day to fundraise for the Sunshine Foundation of Canada.
Tomorrow, 100 per cent of the proceeds made at participating stores will be donated to the foundation in support of the Sunshine Dream Programs for kids living with severe disabilities and life-threatening illness.
The Sunshine Foundation of Canada aims to provide children with the opportunity to experience freedom from their daily regimens and challenges by transforming their dreams into reality. The foundation says its programs leave the kids with a sense of empowerment that will live with them for the rest of their lives.
Related: 2017 Dreams for Kids Day
“The Papa John's Pizza Dreams for Kids Day has been a great success over the past three years,” said Nancy Sutherland, CEO of the Sunshine Foundation of Canada. “The dedication and support we receive from the whole Papa John's team in Kelowna and West Kelowna is absolutely outstanding. They are true champions for Sunshine and we're thrilled to be continuing this partnership for a fourth year. The community support is well appreciated.”
The locations of Papa John's Dreams for Kids Day will be at 1959 Harvey Avenue, Kelowna and 2483 Main Street, West Kelowna Wednesday starting at 10 a.m.
For more information about Dreams for Kids Day, please visit www.sunshine.ca.
To report a typo, email:
newstips@kelownacapnews.com.
@KelownaCapNews
newstips@kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The man wearing a "Make America Great Again" hat who was arrested for allegedly pushing an immigrant man onto the subway tracks in New York City in April was indicted with a hate crime.
Willie Ames, while wearing a hat and shirt with the phrase popularized by President Donald Trump during the 2016 presidential election, made derogatory statements about Mexican Americans and got into a verbal argument with two men at the Union Square subway station.
According to the indictment, Ames dragged one of the men off the train by his clothing and struck him three times on the station platform. Ames then knocked the 26-year-old man onto the subway tracks.
The victim's friend was able to help him back onto the subway platform.
Manhattan district attorney Cy Vance announced Wednesday that Ames had been charged with attempted assault in the first and third degrees as hate crimes, assault in the second and third degrees as hate crimes, and aggravated harassment.
“This defendant's attacks on two New Yorkers were attacks on all New Yorkers, as alleged in the indictment,” Vance said in a statement. “Willie Ames is charged with selectively ambushing two young men on their way home from work for no other reason than their perceived nationality."
Police said Ames fled the platform and got on another subway train heading to Brooklyn. He was later identified by surveillance video.
"Thank God there wasn't a train coming — it would have been a sure death. I would have died if it wasn't for him," the victim, identified by local media as Luis Lopez, told the New York Daily News of his friend. Lopez was transported to a local hospital and treated for a head injury.
"The First Amendment guarantees the rights of bigots to spew hateful, fearful, anti-immigrant rhetoric on television and Twitter," Vance added. "It does not authorize acts of violence against New Yorkers."
Mohd Radzuan Othman, one of the nine Malaysians who was previously stranded in Pyongyang, hugs a family member as he returns home from Pyongyang, at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Sepang, Malaysia March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Lai Seng Sin
Malaysia's Foreign Minister Anifah Anan (C) addresses the media with Malaysia's ambassador to North Korea Mohamad Nizan Mohamad (L) and Mohd Nor Azrin Md Zain, counsellor at Malaysia's embassy in Pyongyang, at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Sepang, Malaysia March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Lai Seng Sin
Saadah Jamaludin, one of the nine Malaysians who were previously stranded in Pyongyang hugs a family member as she returns home from Pyongyang, at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Sepang, Malaysia March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Lai Seng Sin
Malaysia's Foreign Minister Anifah Anan (3rd R) walks with the nine Malaysian citizens who were previously stranded in Pyongyang as they return home, at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Sepang, Malaysia March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Lai Seng Sin
North Korean officials arrive in an embassy car at the VIP entrace at Beijing airport ahead of an Air China flight to Pyongyang, China, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Peter
REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS IMAGE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY. EDITORIAL USE ONLY. MANDATORY CREDIT. JAPAN OUT. NO COMMERCIAL OR EDITORIAL SALES IN JAPAN.
Kim Uk Il, a North Korean state airline employee, arrives at Beijing intentional airport to board a flight returning to North Korea in Beijing, China, in this photo taken by Kyodo March 31, 2017. Mandatory credit Kyodo/via REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS IMAGE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY. EDITORIAL USE ONLY. MANDATORY CREDIT. JAPAN OUT. NO COMMERCIAL OR EDITORIAL SALES IN JAPAN.
REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS IMAGE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY. EDITORIAL USE ONLY. MANDATORY CREDIT. JAPAN OUT. NO COMMERCIAL OR EDITORIAL SALES IN JAPAN.
Hyon Kwang Song, the second secretary at the North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur, arrives at Beijing intentional airport to board a flight returning to North Korea in Beijing, China, in this photo taken by Kyodo March 31, 2017. Mandatory credit Kyodo/via REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS IMAGE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY. EDITORIAL USE ONLY. MANDATORY CREDIT. JAPAN OUT. NO COMMERCIAL OR EDITORIAL SALES IN JAPAN.
REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS IMAGE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY. EDITORIAL USE ONLY. MANDATORY CREDIT. JAPAN OUT. NO COMMERCIAL OR EDITORIAL SALES IN JAPAN.
Hyon Kwang Song (R), the second secretary at the North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur, and Kim Uk Il, a North Korean state airline employee, arrive in Beijing intentional airport to board a flight returning to North Korea, in Beijing, China March 31, 2017. Kyodo via REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS IMAGE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY. EDITORIAL USE ONLY. MANDATORY CREDIT. JAPAN OUT. NO COMMERCIAL OR EDITORIAL SALES IN JAPAN.
KUALA LUMPUR Three North Koreans wanted for questioning over the murder of the estranged half-brother of their country's leader returned home on Friday along with the body of victim Kim Jong Nam after Malaysia agreed a swap deal with the reclusive state.
Malaysian police investigating what U.S. and South Korean officials say was an assassination carried out by North Korean agents took statements from the three before they were allowed to leave the country.
"We have obtained whatever we want from them...They have assisted us and they have been allowed to leave," police chief Khalid Abu Bakar told a news conference in the capital, Kuala Lumpur, saying there were no grounds to hold the men.
Kim Jong Nam, the elder half-brother of the North's young, unpredictable leader Kim Jong-un, was killed at Kuala Lumpur's airport on Feb. 13 in a bizarre assassination using VX nerve agent, a chemical so lethal the U.N. has listed it as a weapon of mass destruction.
China's Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said the remains of a North Korean citizen killed in Malaysia were returned to the North via Beijing along with "relevant" North Korean citizens.
Malaysian authorities released Kim's body on Thursday in a deal that secured the release of nine Malaysian citizens held in Pyongyang after a drawn out diplomatic spat.
Malaysian police had named eight North Koreans they wanted to question in the case, including the three given safe passage to leave.
Television footage obtained by Reuters from Japanese media showed Hyon Kwang Song, the second secretary at the North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur, and Kim Uk Il, a North Korean state airline employee on the flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing.
The police chief confirmed they were accompanied by compatriot Ri Ji U, also known as James, who had been hiding with them at the North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur.
Malaysian prosecutors have charged two women - an Indonesian and a Vietnamese - with killing Kim Jong Nam, but South Korean and U.S. officials had regarded them as pawns in an operation carried out by North Korean agents.
Kim Jong Nam, who had been living in exile in the Chinese territory of Macau for several years, survived an attempt on his life in 2012, according to South Korean lawmakers.
They say Kim Jong-un had issued a "standing order" for the assassination in order to consolidate his own power after the 2011 death of the father of both.
The other North Koreans named by Malaysian investigators are all back in North Korea.
Police believe four fled Malaysia on the same day as the murder and another was held for a week before being released due to insufficient evidence.
Angered by the probe, North Korea ordered a travel ban on Malaysians this month, trapping three diplomats and six family members - including four children - in Pyongyang.
Malaysia, which previously had friendly ties with the unpredictable nuclear-armed state, responded with a ban of its own, but was left with little option but to accede to the North's demands for the return of the body and safe passage for the three nationals hiding in the embassy.
"CLEAR WINNER"
Malaysia will not snap diplomatic ties with North Korea following the row, Prime Minister Najib Razak said during an official visit to India, state news agency Bernama reported.
"We hope they don't create a case like this again," Najib told reporters in the southern city of Chennai. "It will harm the relationship between the two countries."
On Thursday, Najib had announced the return of the body, but did not mention Kim by name.
"Following the completion of the autopsy on the deceased and receipt of a letter from his family requesting the remains be returned to North Korea, the coroner has approved the release of the body," Najib said, adding that the murder investigation would continue but the travel ban on North Koreans was lifted.
North Korea has maintained that the dead man is not Kim Jong Nam, saying instead the body is that of Kim Chol, the name on the victim's passport.
Malaysian police used a DNA sample to establish the victim was Kim Jong Nam. Police chief Khalid said the North Korean embassy had at first confirmed the identity, but changed its stance the next day.
The swap agreement brings to an end a diplomatic standoff that has lasted nearly seven weeks.
Both countries managed to "resolve issues arising from the death of a DPRK national," a North Korean statement said on Thursday, referring to the country by the abbreviation of its official name.
"It is a win (for North Korea), clearly," Andrei Lankov, North Korea expert at Seoul's Kookmin University, said on the swap deal. "I presume the Malaysians decided not to get too involved in a remote country's palace intrigues, and wanted their hostages back."
SIMULTANEOUS TAKE-OFF
The nine Malaysians who had been trapped in Pyongyang arrived in Kuala Lumpur early on Friday on board a small Bombardier business jet operated by the Malaysian air force.
Pilot Hasrizan Kamis said the crew dressed in civilian clothes as a "precautionary step" for the mission.
The Plane Finder tracking website showed the Bombardier took off from Pyongyang at the same time the Malaysian Airlines flight MH360 left Kuala Lumpur for Beijing.
Mohd Nor Azrin Md Zain, one of the returning diplomats, said it had been an anxious period but they "were not particularly harassed" by the North Korean authorities.
The episode, however, is likely to have cost North Korea one of its few friends.
"I think this relationship is going to go into cold storage for a very long time," said former Malaysian diplomat Dennis Ignatius.
(Additional reporting by A. Ananthalakshmi, Joseph Sipalan, Emily Chow and Praveen Menon in KUALA LUMPUR and Christian Shepherd in BEIJING; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
LONDON, April 10 Tensions around the Middle East and the Korean peninsula weighed on emerging markets on Monday, with stocks extending losses for a third day and currencies weakening against the dollar.
Investors have grown increasingly nervous after last week's U.S. attack on a Syrian air base which Russia and Iran said had crossed a "red line", though top aides of President Donald Trump aired differing views on where Washington's policy was heading.
Meanwhile, Washington also looks likely to flex its muscles over North Korea's advancing weapons program, moving a U.S. Navy strike group toward the western Pacific Ocean near the Korean peninsula.
Emerging stocks fell 0.5 percent to hit a near-four-week low in their third straight day of losses. The index was dragged lower by hefty losses in Russia, where dollar-denominated stocks tumbled 1.7 percent, while South Korea's KOSPI index shed nearly 1 percent.
"The concern is of escalated tensions regarding North Korea and a possible conflict there, and what the relations between the U.S. and China would be in such an event -- that's going to be negative for risk sentiment including risky assets like emerging markets," said Jakob Christensen at Danske Bank.
With the dollar trading at its strongest level since mid-March, emerging currencies and bonds also suffered.
South Africa's rand racked up the steepest losses, weakening 1 percent against the dollar while the country's dollar- and local-bonds fell across the curve. The country's assets are reeling from a second downgrade to 'junk' by ratings agency Fitch on Friday in the wake of Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan being fired.
The downgrades triggered the ejection of South Africa from some major debt indexes, which will push up its borrowing costs. Meanwhile on Friday, tens of thousands of people took to the streets in major cities to demanding President Jacob Zuma to step down.
"You don't see really yet what the political endgame will be -- you still don't know how much Zuma can and will fight against this pressure that is on him," Christensen said.
Russia's rouble weakened 0.2 percent despite soaring oil prices as investors lost faith that sanctions slapped onto Moscow over its involvement in the conflict in eastern Ukraine could be eased amid the latest stand-off.
In central and eastern Europe, currencies traded mixed against the euro but volatility gauges of the region's currencies against the dollar spiked to the highest since last June's Brexit vote as traders took out bets ahead of France's upcoming election and increasing nervousness about right-wing candidate Marine Le Pen's prospects.
In Ukraine, Central Bank Governor Valeria Gontereva has resigned -- depriving the country of a tough reformer praised by investors and the International Monetary Fund -- and seen as capable of taking on vested interests at a time when the economy is recovering from a steep recession.
No successor has been named yet.
For GRAPHIC on emerging market FX performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2e7eoml For GRAPHIC on MSCI emerging index performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2dZbdP5
For CENTRAL EUROPE market report, see
For TURKISH market report, see
For RUSSIAN market report, see) Emerging Markets Prices from Reuters Equities The Latest Net Chg % Chg % Chg
on year
Morgan Stanley Emrg Mkt Indx 957.32 -4.29 -0.45 +11.02
Czech Rep 988.42 +4.37 +0.44 +7.25
Poland 2246.93 -1.40 -0.06 +15.35
Hungary 32414.50 -185.84 -0.57 +1.29
Romania 8211.04 +1.82 +0.02 +15.89
Greece 682.46 +1.38 +0.20 +6.03
Russia 1084.22 -29.23 -2.63 -5.91
South Africa 46427.88 +342.85 +0.74 +5.75
Turkey 89837.59 +1340.25 +1.51 +14.97
China 3270.12 -16.50 -0.50 +5.36
India 29639.04 -67.57 -0.23 +11.31
Currencies The Latest Prev Local Local
close currency currency
% change % change
in 2017
Czech Rep 26.54 26.56 +0.09 +1.76
Poland 4.23 4.23 -0.07 +4.15
Hungary 310.50 309.72 -0.25 -0.54
Romania 4.51 4.52 +0.14 +0.51
Serbia 123.70 123.81 +0.09 -0.28
Russia 57.36 57.24 -0.21 +6.81
Kazakhstan 312.25 313.16 +0.29 +6.85
Ukraine 26.93 26.94 +0.04 +0.26
South Africa 13.89 13.75 -0.97 -1.12
Kenya 103.30 103.30 +0.00 -0.90
Israel 3.66 3.65 -0.28 +5.20
Turkey 3.73 3.73 -0.14 -5.55
China 6.90 6.90 -0.06 +0.60
India 64.47 64.27 -0.32 +5.39
Brazil 3.15 3.15 +0.00 +3.42
Mexico 18.71 18.66 -0.29 +10.70
Debt Index Strip Spd Chg %Rtn Index
Sov'gn Debt EMBIG 328 2 .04 7 71.36 1
All data taken from Reuters at 09:04 GMT. Currency percent change calculated from the daily U.S. close at 2130 GMT.
(Additional reporting by Claire Milhench Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Hexagon shares hit record high after report of sale talks
STOCKHOLM Shares in measurement technology and software firm Hexagon AB soared to a record high on Wednesday after a newspaper report said it had held talks on a possible sale to a U.S. or European rival which could value the Swedish company at about $20 billion (15.7 billion pounds).
SOFIA, March 31 Bulgaria expects a fiscal surplus of 1.1 percent of gross domestic product as of the end of March compared with a surplus of 2.1 percent a year ago, the finance ministry said on Friday.
The ministry also said the Balkan country recorded a surplus of 0.9 percent of GDP at the end of February compared with 1.0 percent for the first two months of 2016 as social and health spending rose.
Bulgaria is targeting a deficit of 1.4 percent of GDP for this year in a budget that projects higher revenues and spending.
The Black Sea state has pegged its lev currency to the euro, in a regime that prevents the central bank from setting interest rates and leaves fiscal policy as one of the few tools it has to influence the economy.
Bulgaria ended 2016 with a surplus of 1.6 percent after initially targeting a deficit of 2.0 percent. The windfall was mainly caused by delays in administering EU-backed projects, which reduced capital spending, while economic growth exceeded forecasts (nL5N1FF2LU).
Government revenue in the first two months of 2017 rose 3.9 percent from the same period in 2016 to 5.7 billion levs ($3.12 billion). Spending rose to 4.9 billion levs from 4.6 billion a year ago, data showed.
Fiscal reserves held under the currency regime pegging the lev to the euro stood at 13.6 billion levs at the end of February. ($1 = 1.8284 leva) (Reporting by Angel Krasimirov; Editing by Gareth Jones)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The association representing the nation's FBI agents, after a controversial Republican memo was released on Friday, defended their law enforcement work and said they ”have not, and will not, allow partisan politics to distract“ from their mission.”
FBI Agents Association President Thomas O'Connor, in an emailed statement, said its agents were dedicated to the nation and the U.S. Constitution, adding: “The American people should know that they continue to be well-served by the world's preeminent law enforcement agency.”
U.S. President Donald Trump attends a meeting at the White House in Washington, U.S., March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
WASHINGTON The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee accused President Donald Trump on Sunday of trying to divert Congress from its investigations of Russia's role in the 2016 U.S. election and any links between Moscow and the Trump campaign.
Representative Adam Schiff said the Republican president and his aides have instead attempted to throw the focus on the
possibility of illegal leaks of classified information and whether Trump or his associates were caught up in incidental collection by surveillance that was targeting foreigners.
Congressional committees, along with the FBI, are investigating what U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded were attempts by Russia to influence the Nov. 8 presidential election in Trump's favour. They also are looking at any links between Russia and Trump.
Schiff said Trump himself tried to shift Congress' focus away from that core mission of foreign intervention.
"I think his tweets tell the story," Schiff said on CNN's "State of the Union." "And the story is look over there - at leaks, and look over there - at anything the Obama administration we can claim did wrong on incidental collection or anything else."
"But whatever you do, under no circumstances look here, at me or at Russia," he said.
Trump has repeatedly used Twitter to attack reports on Russian election meddling as "fake news" and "witch hunts" and denounce leakers of classified information on the issue.
"The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers," Trump said in a Twitter post on Sunday.
Republican Senator John Cornyn, a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, was asked about Trump's Twitter commentary on the congressional investigations.
"Sometimes I think this is a distraction from what we should be doing," Cornyn said on CBS' "Face the Nation."
Schiff added on CNN: "The White House seems to be doing everything it can to point in other directions and say, 'Do not look here. There is nothing to see here.'"
White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said on Sunday there was no evidence of Trump collusion with Russia to win the election. "It's time to move on," she told Fox News.
On March 4, the president without giving evidence accused his Democratic predecessor, President Barack Obama, of ordering a wiretap of Trump Tower. No elected official, including from Trump's Republican Party, has supported the claim.
But the Republican chairman of the House intelligence panel, Devin Nunes, set off a political firestorm on March 23 when he said the communications of members of Trump's transition team were caught up in incidental surveillance targeting foreigners.
Nunes refused to share the source of his information, but the New York Times revealed last week that two White House officials provided him with the documents on the surveillance, which Trump used as vindication of his wiretap claim.
Schiff went to the White House on Friday to view the documents. Asked on CNN if he understood why Nunes had issues with the surveillance, Schiff would only say, "I don't agree with the chairman's characterization."
(Reporting by Doina Chiacu; Additional reporting by Tim Ahmann and Pete Schroeder; Editing by Phil Berlowitz)
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday "things will work out fine" between the United States and Russia, a day after he said U.S.-Russian relations may be at an all-time low.
"Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses & there will be lasting peace!" Trump said in a note on Twitter.
(Reporting by the Washington Newsroom)
FILE PHOTO - Athletes exercise in the early morning in the sports ground of the University of Eldoret in western Kenya March 21, 2016. REUTERS/Siegfried Modola/File Photo
NAIROBI The chairman of Athletics Kenya (AK) has told Reuters that another "high-profile athlete" has failed a doping test, just weeks after it emerged Rio Olympics marathon champion Jemima Sumgong tested positive for performance enhancing drugs.
Jackson Tuwei told Reuters that the IAAF, the sport's global governing body, had found the positive test but said the identity of the athlete could not yet be revealed.
Kenya's middle and long distance success has been marred by doping cases involving elite athletes. Officials estimate the number of positive tests at about 50 in the past four years.
"There is another high-profile athlete who has also failed a doping test but we have to wait for legal procedures to be followed," Tuwei told Reuters in an interview on Thursday.
"Obviously we cannot say who the athlete is."
News of the test comes after Sumgong, who last year became the first Kenyan woman to win Olympic gold in the marathon, tested positive for the banned blood-booster EPO (erythropoietin) in an out-of-competition test carried out by IAAF.
Doping was made a criminal offence in Kenya in June 2016.
Tuwei said the IAAF had rejected Sumgong's explanation about the circumstances that led to her positive test.
"Her explanation has been rejected and she has been ordered to send a more convincing explanation before further action is taken," Tuwei said.
Sumgong's positive test came in the wake of a four-year ban handed to Kenya's multi-marathon champion Rita Jeptoo, Sumgong's former training partner, after she tested positive for EPO in 2014.
“We also wish to send a very strong message to athletes representatives, doctors, coaches and all athletes support personnel that those found culpable or proved to be encouraging our athletes in this line of sporting subterfuge will be charged as prescribed by the law of the land,” AK said in a separate statement on Thursday.
Sumgong, 32, was among the six Kenyan gold medallists in Rio, which was the country's best performance at an Olympics.
(Editing by George Obulutsa/Peter Rutherford)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
EU fetes end of roaming charges but risks linger for travellers
BRUSSELS, June 14 Roaming charges for using mobile phones when travelling within the European Union disappear on Thursday, capping a decade-long battle by Brussels to show increasingly sceptical Europeans it can make their lives better.
Local authorities are to be given the power to significantly reduce commercial rates for businesses in their areas as part of a move agreed by the Cabinet.
The long-sought measures will allow councils to introduce rate-alleviation schemes and potentially reduce the bills for companies across the State.
The changes follow reports of business owners facing three or fourfold increases in their rates following valuations of their premises in the wake of the crash in property prices and sharp recovery of recent years.
Minister for Housing Simon Coveney last week secured approval to repeal the legislation governing rates and replace it with a more modern system. His proposals include a six-month exemption from rates when a property becomes vacant to allow the owner to seek new tenants.
“We need to also ensure that we remove as many potential disincentives to the use of vacant properties so that they can be put into productive use,” Mr Coveney told The Irish Times. “The lack of any charge on vacant premises may also remove the level of certainty regarding the collectable amount of revenue.”
Commercial rates are paid by the occupiers of commercial premises and are central to the funding of local authorities. Rates accounted for almost €1.5 billion, or 32 per cent, of their total income in 2015.
Mr Coveney is not proposing to change the income stream to councils but insists changes have to be made to ensure business owners are not unfairly penalised.
Stronger enforcement powers
The new measures will enable local authorities to introduce levy rates based on temporary valuations from the Valuation Office. The latest figures showed 6,000 premises were waiting to be assessed, with nearly 3,000 of the cases dating back a year.
The changes will also give local authorities stronger enforcement powers to levy and collect rates. The legislation that governs commercial rates dates from the 1800s and has been amended on several occasions.
Mr Coveney, who is seeking to be the next the Fine Gael leader, said the current legislation was outdated, creaking at the seams and the subject of adverse commentary in a number of court cases. He said the legislation was confusing and needs to be modernised and simplified.
“It is spread over in excess of 20 separate enactments, dating back to 1838. As such, the overall legislative framework is complex and unclear for practitioners and rate payers,” he said.
“Many of the provisions of the legislation are also outdated at this stage and are not suitable for business trends in the modern era.”
Fianna Fáil also welcomed the measures but said the legislation should be retrospective to assist businesses that have seen huge increases in their rates bills.
The party's housing spokesman, Barry Cowen, said there was a need to meet the modern demands of the commercial sector.
However, he said Mr Coveney should assess if the law can be be backdated to assist business owners who have already been penalised.
Contact
Jim Reid, President, Momentum Texas
***@momentumtexas.org Jim Reid, President, Momentum Texas
End
-- Veterans, active duty military, and spouses interested in starting or growing a business will get a unique opportunity to "jump start" their businesses by attending a free DFW Veteran's Entrepreneurship Boot Camp on Saturday, April 22, 2017 from 8:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. at the Dallas Downtown Library, 1515 Young Street, Third Floor Laurie Evans Studio, Dallas, TX 75201. Free underground parking is provided. This unique boot camp is sponsored by Momentum Texas Inc (MTI), a statewide non-profit based in Dallas. In the last six years MTI has trained 2,600 veteran entrepreneurs throughout Texas, and will train an additional 500 veterans in 2017.The keynote address will be given by Mike Doris. He is a successful Airforce Veteran who is the Founder and CEO of Revelation Management Group International, and will discuss "How I Started My Business and Lessons Learned in the Process." A second morning speaker is Tasha Polk, AKA "The Marketing Lady," a patriot who will discuss "Building Your Marketing Toolkit Including Social Media Marketing."The afternoon speakers will be Mari Montoya, a patriot, who is an expert in small business lending, and will discuss a veteran-centric small business loan program. Sheldon Dennis, and Airforce Veteran, will discuss "Financing Options for Small Businesses, and Jim Reid, Army Airborne Veteran, will provide attendees with a Veteran's Resource Guide that will guide attendees on additional next steps.The event is open to other veterans, active duty military, and spouses. Seating is limited to 50 participants. Interested veterans can register for this event by going to: https://dfwveteransentrepreneurshipbootcamp.eventbrite.com
São Paulo, April 5 Qatar's sovereign wealth fund is facing strong pushback from investors to price an offering of 80 million units of Banco Santander Brasil SA at around 25 reais ($8.08) each, well below the price tag initially suggested, two people familiar with the transaction said on Wednesday.
According to the people, who requested anonymity because the transaction is in the works, at a price of 25 reais per unit, bids would come in line with the amount of stock being offered in Brazil. Banks underwriting the transaction had initially asked investors to place bids for the units - a blend of Santander Brasil's common and preferred shares - at 27 reais, the people said.
Santander Brasil, as well as underwriters Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Credit Suisse Group AG, did not have an immediate comment. Efforts to contact the sovereign wealth fund known as QIA were unsuccessful.
($1 = 3.0937 reais) (Reporting by Paula Arend Laier and Guillermo Parra-Bernal; Additional reporting by Ana Mano in São Paulo; Editing by Richard Chang)
By Eamon Quinn
Eir has told its investors its next big decision on its future plans won't be revealed until later this spring when the deal involving its new French owners is expected to be completed.
It comes as another business group, Isme characterised the telecom firm's plan announced this week to pull out of the Government's National Broadband Plan as disastrous and which will likely delay the introduction to 2023. It said it has serious reservations about the contract process run by the Department of Communications after what Isme said was Eir securing “low-hanging fruit” in its existing installation of broadband.
Outgoing Eir chief Richard Moat in its latest quarterly report blamed the complexity of the National Broadband Plan contract and identified pricing issues “outside of the National Broadband Plan process” for it quitting the tender.
Underlying earnings of €125m in the three months to end December were up 4% from a year earlier on reduced costs, even as revenues fell 2% to €322m, leaving it on target to hit full-year earnings growth targets, it said. Storm- related costs came to €3m in the quarter. Mr Moat had no other news on the company's strategy. Eir has changed hands more times than any other European national telecom. It is being bought by French entrepreneur Xavier Niel via NJJ and Iliad.
He will buy a 64.5% stake in Eir for an estimated €1bn, while two US hedge funds remain as minority shareholders. The firm has net debts of €2.16bn. Fitch Ratings analyst Damien Chew said Eir's latest earnings were “broadly in line with what we expected”. He said the effects of the change of ownership won't be known until the deal is completed, probably in April.
Share it:
Don't Miss
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Voice assistants are becoming increasingly popular tools in helping small businesses streamline operations. By changing the way we control our smartphones and how we interact with our devices, these versatile digital assistants can save small businesses precious time and generate greater efficiency.
Advertisement
Voice Assistants for Small Businesses
Take a look at the following 12 voice assistants available today that help organize your business.
Alexa
For small businesses that use an Amazon device, such as Echo, Dot or Tap, Alexa can help you perform certain tasks more efficiently. This intelligent voice recognition and natural language understanding service enables businesses to voice-enable any connected device. Businesses can use Alexa for a myriad of tasks, from tracking Amazon packages to streaming podcasts. Alexa comes already installed on many of Amazon's devices.
Alexa For Business
Empower your organization with Alexa For Business. Alexa lets you and your employees have a more productive day by performing essential tasks, such as managing schedules, keeping track of to-do lists and setting reminders. Alexa For Business can automatically dial conference calls and make phone calls for you. Alexa For Business is a pay-as-you-go service. Businesses can enroll users at $3 per user per month and $7 a month for shared devices.
Nina
Nina is described as the Nuance Intelligent Virtual Assistant, which delivers intuitive, automated experiences for a business's digital channels by engaging customers in ‘natural conversation' through voice or text. This voice assistant for customer self-service is priced as a subscription. Free trials of Nina are available.
Silvia
Silvia is hailed as a business's “dream employee.” The company says its assisatant can work to the highest standards, all day, every day! This conversational intelligence platform can handle virtually any knowledge-based task and reduces the risk of human error, thereby protecting co-workers, executives and investors. Silvia comes in three different options, including Silvia Embedded, Silvia Cloud and Silvia Enterprise, all of which have different functions and price structures.
Google Assistant
Google Assistant enables you to inquire about virtually anything. This intelligent personal assistant boasts speech recognition, mobile integration, chat assistance, content control and other features to help streamline business operations. Pricing is based on subscription and a free trial is available.
Cortana
Cortana is a voice-activated personal assistant from Microsoft that can help you get things done quicker. Cortana integrates with other apps within Windows, so you and your team can stay on track. With Cortana you can turn a digital Sticky Note into a reminder with ease. Cortana works in Skype and is available on Windows 10, Windows 10 Mobile and other Microsoft devices.
Dragon
Dragon is a professional-grade mobile dictation app, which enables you and your team to dictate and edit documents by voice. Dragon can be downloaded onto your iOS or Android mobile device, so you can stay productive while on the go. Dragon is available on tiered pricing models starting from $15 a month.
Jibo
Jibo is powered by face and voice recognition technology that allows you to stream video calls, capture photos and streamline tasks, all of which is carried out with personality and emotion. You can buy this social robot that can be used in the office for $899.
Google Now
Google Now is a personal assistant program that is built into most Android phones. Google Now is designed to know what you need before you ask for it by monitoring your calendar, emails and more. Google Now performs actions based on voice commands and answers spoken questions. Google Now can be turned on for your team via the Google Admin Console. You can also get Google Now as a free iOS app.
Vokul
Vokul is the first and only 100 percent hands-free voice control app for an iOS device, enabling you to dictate emails, text messages, post messages to social media and more without pressing any buttons. This means you can keep in contact with clients and colleagues safely and conveniently even on the commute to work. Vokul costs $2.99 to download to an iOS device.
Voice Answer
You can use Voice Answer as a voice-activated assistant to ask questions and perform tasks. Voice Answer will also remind you of appointments to ensure you and your team are kept on schedule. The Voice Answer app can be downloaded on iPhone, iPad and Android devices. There is a free version of the app, which runs advertisements.
Braina Virtual Assistant
Braina is an intelligent personal assistant that allows you to interact with your computer using voice commands. Using speech recognition built into the Braina for Android App, you and your team can interact with your computer from anywhere in the house or office over a WiFi network. Braina can be downloaded at various pricing tiers starting with Braina Lite, which is free, ranging to Brain PRO Lifetime, which is $159 and lasts for a lifetime.
With voice-activated virtual assistants getting smarter, the shrewdest of small businesses are utlilizing this advanced technology to streamline tasks, enhance productivity and help give them a competitive edge.
* Won's narrow move likely to continue; US GDP data eyed * Shares edge down due to profit-taking SEOUL, March 30 The South Korean won edged down early on Thursday, caught in conflicting currents from international markets as oil prices rose sharply, supporting emerging market currencies, while the dollar made broad gains due to worries over Brexit. The won stood at 1,115.9 to the dollar as of 0237 GMT, down 0.1 percent from Wednesday's close of 1,114.2. "The greenback's strength is not hugely affecting markets as strong oil prices are supporting emerging currencies including the won," noted Jung Sung-yoon, a foreign exchange analyst at Hyundai Futures, even though South Korea is an oil importer. Jung added that the won will be trading narrowly throughout the session while the investors await U.S. fourth-quarter GDP data coming out later in the day. South Korean shares edged down as local investors sold stocks to take profits. The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) was down 0.3 percent at 2,161.33 points. Offshore investors, however, were poised to be net buyers for fourth straight sessions, purchasing 46 billion Korean won ($41.24 million) worth of KOSPI shares near mid-session. Shares of tech giant Samsung Electronic rose over 1 percent after its launch of Galaxy S8 flagship smartphone, the company's first new premium phone since its September recall of all Galaxy Note 7 smartphones equipped with fire-prone batteries. SK Innovation rose 1.8 percent following the global oil price rise. Decliners outnumbered advancers 495 to 285. June futures on three-year treasury bonds gained 0.04 point to 109.54. 0237 GMT Prev close Dollar/won 1,115.9 1,114.2 Yen/won 10.0215/97 9.9988 *KTB futures 109.54 109.50 KOSPI 2,161.33 2,166.98 * Front-month futures on three-year treasury bonds (Reporting by Dahee Kim; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
March 31 Concord Medical Co Ltd:
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$ 0.4 per share to shareholders for 2016
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/q994zI
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
May 3 J D Wetherspoon Plc
* For 13 weeks to April 23, 2017 like-for-like sales increased by 4.0 pct and total sales increased by 1.3 pct
* Year-to-date like-for-like sales have increased by 3.5 pct and total sales have increased by 1.4 pct
* Operating margin in 13 weeks to April 23, 2017 was 7.3 pct, compared with 6.4 pct in same 13 weeks last year
* Opened 9 pubs since start of financial year and sold 36
* 3 pubs have been closed and are being marketed
* Expect to open one further pub in this financial year
* Expects significantly higher costs in second half of financial year, mainly for business rates, utility taxes, excise duty and labour
* Co remains cautious about second half of year
* Net debt at end of this financial year now expected to be about 70 mln stg higher than level at last financial year end
* Currently anticipates a slightly improved trading outcome for current financial year, compared with its expectations at last update
* Result of higher costs, co anticipates it will require like-for-like sales of about 3 to 4 pct in next FY to maintain profits at current levels Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
Candidates for the 2017 presidential election, Emmanuel Macron (R), head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and Marine Le Pen, of the French National Front (FN) party, pose prior to the start of a live prime-time debate in the studios of French television station France 2, and French private station TF1 in La Plaine-Saint-Denis, near Paris, France, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Feferberg/Pool
Candidates for the 2017 presidential election, Emmanuel Macron (R), head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and Marine Le Pen, of the French National Front (FN) party, pose prior to the start of a live prime-time debate in the studios of French television station France 2, and French private station TF1 in La Plaine-Saint-Denis, near Paris, France, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Feferberg/Pool
PARIS Far-right leader Marine Le Pen criticised Emmanuel Macron, her centrist rival for the French presidency, as a "smirking banker" representing globalisation gone wild when the two met in a crucial pre-election TV debate on Wednesday.
"Mr Macron is the candidate of globalisation, Uberisation," Le Pen said, firing an opening salvo. "And all of this has been directed by Mr (outgoing Socialist President Francois) Hollande."
After being attacked by Le Pen for not preventing big French companies from being sold to foreign firms, Macron said she had not properly prepared for the debate and did not seem to understand economic issues.
"You're talking nonsense," Macron, a one-time economy minister under Hollande and a former investment banker, replied. "You are not answering the questions."
Voters go to the polls on Sunday to choose between Macron and Le Pen in what is widely seen as France's most important election in decades with implications for its role in Europe and the world.
(Reporting by Michel Rose and Ingrid Melander; Editing by Richard Balmforth)
FILE PHOTO: Workers clean windows outside the Cape Town headquarters of Anglo-South African financial services company Old Mutual, March 7, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Hutchings/File Photo
LONDON The wealth management arm of Anglo-South African financial services firm Old Mutual has switched provider for an IT system it said on Tuesday, adding the change did not affect Old Mutual's break-up plans.
The firm is planning to break itself up into four parts by the end of 2018, including a likely listing of Old Mutual Wealth, but the cost of the platform upgrade has worried investors.
The upgrade could take longer and cost more than initial indications of 450 million pounds, Old Mutual chief executive Bruce Hemphill said in March.
Old Mutual Wealth has terminated its contract with IFDS for the platform, switching to FNZ, it said in a statement, due to "increased concerns about further extended timescales, quality of delivery and consequential increased costs".
It said it had incurred costs for the upgrade of 330 million pounds as at end-April 2017.
Preliminary costs for the FNZ system are 120-160 million pounds, Old Mutual Wealth said, and it should be operational by late 2018/early 2019, "with migration to follow swiftly thereafter".
(Reporting by Carolyn Cohn; Editing by Rachel Armstrong)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
Britain Soccer Football - Leicester City v Stoke City - Premier League - King Power Stadium - 1/4/17 Leicester City manager Craig Shakespeare during the pre match warm up Action Images via Reuters / Andrew Boyers Livepic
Leicester City were not at their best against Sunderland in Tuesday's Premier League match but manager Craig Shakespeare says it is a sign of the confidence coursing through the side that they were still capable of delivering a 2-0 win.
Goals from Jamie Vardy and Islam Slimani inflicted a 20th league defeat of the season on bottom-placed Sunderland, while Leicester registered their fifth consecutive league win since Shakespeare stepped in after the departure of Claudio Ranieri.
"I thought in the first half the game had no rhythm to it, a lot of stop-starts, corners, free-kicks ... but the most important thing is the win and the three points," Shakespeare told reporters.
"It's a sign of confidence in the team, but we know we have to play better than that."
Shakespeare said substitutes Slimani and Marc Albrighton made a big impact.
"We knew that he was good in the air, Marc put in a great cross and 'Slim' has scored one or two of them this season," he added.
Leicester, who are currently 10th in the league, visit seventh-placed Everton on Sunday.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
April 13 Lifestyle International Holdings Ltd
* Entered into sale and purchase agreement
* Company agreed to sell and purchaser agreed to purchase sale shares for consideration of HK$1.29 billion
* Deal to dispose all Lifestyle Properties shares held by co & about 59.56 pct of entire issued share capital of Lifestyle Properties
* Group expects to record an estimated gain of about HK$410 million from disposal Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, she said on Wednesday.
March 30 China Healthwise Holdings Ltd :
* Fang fang has tendered her resignation as an executive director
* Leung lun, m.h. Has tendered his resignation as an executive director
* Lee chan wah has appointed as an executive director
* Lo ming wan has appointed as an executive director
Source text (bit.ly/2okQEAp)
Further company coverage:
Formula One - F1 - Chinese Grand Prix - Shanghai, China - 08/04/17 - A helicopter flies over the Shanghai International Circuit during the third practice session. REUTERS/Aly Song
SHANGHAI The Chinese Formula One Grand Prix will go ahead as planned on Sunday with an upgraded medical facility near the Shanghai circuit in case the medical helicopter cannot operate, the sport's governing body said.
The International Automobile Federation (FIA) has designated two hospitals to provide medical care for Sunday's race, the Huashan Hospital, 38 kilometres from the track, and the Ruijin Hospital, five kilometres away.
Both are required to be no more than about 20 minutes away by either air or ambulance and capable of treating a wide range of injuries, according to the FIA's international sporting code.
"For us, safety is paramount," said an FIA spokesman. "We need to have a macro hospital, where we can take care of everything."
The Shanghai weather all but wiped out the first two practice sessions for the Chinese Formula One Grand Prix on Friday, with poor visibility in the city forcing the grounding of the medical support helicopter.
The chopper could not land at the Huashan Hospital, which cannot be reached by road in 20 minutes, due to the foggy conditions, while Ruijin, though nearby, lacked neurosurgery facilities.
That raised questions about whether the race could go ahead if the helicopter could not fly, with the weather predicted to be similarly damp and misty.
"...special arrangements have now been made for a complete neurosurgery team from Huashan Hospital to be present at Ruijin Hospital on Sunday," the FIA said in a statement.
"Following an inspection by the FIA medical team yesterday afternoon, the FIA is satisfied that the Ruijin Hospital will not only be easily accessible in all weather conditions, but will also be able to provide the required care," it added.
The weather at the Shanghai circuit was damp and overcast on Sunday morning. The track is predicted to dry up rapidly in the early afternoon with visibility staying stable.
The race is scheduled to get underway at 1400 local time. Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton will start from pole ahead of Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel.
(Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
BRIEF-KHC acquires 7% stake in Careem for $62m
* Kingdom Holding Co - transaction makes KHC one of the largest holders of preferred shares in Careem and will grant KHC a board seat on Careem's board Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: [Kingdom Holding Co]
A children's charity which supports families of youngsters affected by cancer has been presented with a donation by Wellingborough's Swansgate Shopping Centre.
Chelsea's Angels was set up in memory of youngster Chelsea Knighton, who died in 2009 after a two year battle with neuroblastoma – a rare form of childhood cancer – when she was three-years old.
The charity helps ease the heartache and strain on a family when their child is fighting cancer and honour Chelsea's last wish to help other children.
The Swansgate Centre has donated £100 to the charity from its Community Chest fund.
Michelle Tomkins, one of the co-founders of Chelsea's Angels, said: “We're extremely pleased to receive the funds that the Swansgate Centre have donated.
“To know that people went out of their way to nominate us means so much.
“It means people believe in what we do and to have that support is lovely. We have eight referrals from Clic Sargent at the moment which means using more than £2,000 of our funds, so this donation will go towards creating much needed smiles, making precious memories and offering support to eight children who are fighting against cancer.”
Lindsay Tickner, centre manager at Swansgate, said “It's fantastic to support another local charity in our community. We are thrilled that the Community Chest fund will help Chelsea's Angels to continue to provide their fantastic support and care.”
To nominate a good cause for a Community Chest donation, visit www.swansgateshoppingcentre.com.
Jacob Eason, the newest Washington Huskies quarterback, spoke Monday with KJR 950-AM. Eason comes to UW after spending the last two seasons with the Georgia Bulldogs. John Bazemore The Associated Press
The Broncos' Corey Oates is all smiles after being recalled to Queensland's State of Origin side. Picture: Jono Searle/AAP
The Broncos' Corey Oates is all smiles after being recalled to Queensland's State of Origin side. Picture: Jono Searle/AAP
AS A winger, Corey Oates reckons he makes a pretty good back-rower.
And even his recall on Queensland's left wing for July 11's State of Origin game three hasn't changed his mind.
In fact, off-contract Oates is more determined than ever to earn a back-row start and has not ruled out leaving his beloved NRL club Brisbane to get it.
Oates gets his first Origin chance since playing the last of his four games for Queensland in last year's record series-opening 28-4 loss to NSW.
His selection is part of a backline reshuffle caused by inspirational centre and skipper Greg Inglis's unavailability due to a broken thumb.
"This means everything. It's the dream. Once you get a taste of it you always want to get it back - I missed it," Oates said of his recall.
"I didn't think I had a chance at all (this year). A few injuries helped."
While thrilled to combine with left-centre Dane Gagai, who replaces Inglis, Oates insisted on Wednesday: "I am a back-rower playing on the wing.
"I'm not the electric winger. I am slow and powerful. I feel like a forward.
"I was thrown on the wing when I first came into first grade. I was always coming through as a back-rower - I loved it and still do."
Oates is still waiting on talks with Brisbane - a process that has not been helped by the lanky Broncos winger being in between managers.
He is one of the first picked for the Broncos, on the wing, but Oates has not given up on cracking the back row - even if it means leaving Brisbane.
Asked if he would consider linking with an NRL club that offered him a back-row start, Oates said: "You always do (consider it) but you have to look at a lot of other things too, it's not just one thing I look at signing for a club.
"(But) I feel playing back row brings more out of me than the wing."
Cracking Brisbane's back row will be easier said than done with Joe Ofahengaue, Jaydn Su'A and rookie David Fifita in the squad - not that Oates has to be told.
"It's promising signs for us - well maybe not for me," he said. "It's tough but I am not going to stop knocking on the door."
- AAP
Hannibal Buress is most known for reminding everyone that Bill Cosby has a long history of sexual assault. However, this past Saturday, at Loyola University in Chicago, the comedian got shut down for jokes that reportedly went too far.
Just five minutes into his set, Buress' mic was shut off due to a joke about the pedophilia and the Catholic church — Loyola University is a Catholic University. The Loyola Phoenix reports, Buress showed the audience an email from the Jesuit university's administration, which said he could not make jokes about “rape, sexual assault, race, sexual orientation/gender,” or “illegal drugs.” See below:
Buress wasn't too happy and said to the crowd, “Bitch ass old people, I can project. Y'all f*ck kids, right?” His mic was immediately turned off. Loyal Phoenix reported, “After making a comment referencing priests' molestation of children, Buress' microphone cut out. The upset crowd booed but eventually quieted so Buress could perform without a microphone. The background music's volume was reportedly increased.”
The crowd reportedly started chanting, “We want Hanibal!” One student told the outlet, “I literally thought like I was about to witness a riot, and I was ready to participate. Also it's wild that Loyola preaches about speaking up and speaking out but they're gonna censor someone does just that, like that's wild. Also I'm really impressed with all the Loyola kids that stood their ground and refused to leave without an explanation.”
The comedian returned to the stage 15 minutes later and finished his set. Loyola University should do a little more research before booking comedians — Buress has always been outspoken about censorship.
SEE ALSO:
WATCH: White Supremacist Charlottesville Rally Organizer Flees From Counterprotesters
Venture Capitalist Launches Non-Profit To Invest In Tech Creators From HBCUs
19 Howard University Student-Athletes Honored By the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference
(Reuters) - Brighton and Hove Albion's record signing Jurgen Locadia has begun training with the first team after shaking off a hamstring injury but is unlikely to play in Saturday's Premier League clash with West Ham United, manager Chris Hughton said.
“He's been training... which is good news for us,” Hughton told the club's website of the 24-year-old Dutchman, who arrived from PSV Eindhoven on a four-and-a-half-year deal.
“It's not early enough to consider him for the game this Saturday because he's been out for around six weeks.”
Locadia, who has 45 goals from 82 Eredivisie starts and 45 substitute appearances and nine in 15 league games this season, is in line for a return to action when 15th-placed Brighton take on Stoke City in the league next weekend.
WASHINGTON Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Robert Kaplan on Thursday said he expects two additional interest rate increases this year, a view that is in line with the majority of Fed policymakers.
The Fed has already raised rates once this year, at a policy meeting earlier this month, and Kaplan told a business forum in Washington that three hikes for the entire year was a good "base case" outlook.
(Reporting by Jason Lange; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
PALLEKELE, Sri Lanka (Reuters) - India's Shikhar Dhawan smashed his sixth hundred and added 188 in an opening partnership with KL Rahul before Sri Lanka's spinners fought back to halt the touring side's progress in the third and final test on Saturday.
India reached the close of play on 329 for six, after losing no wickets in the first session, with Wriddhiman Saha unbeaten on 13 and Hardik Pandya not out on one at stumps.
After winning the toss and opting to bat, India captain Virat Kohli could not have asked for a better start as his side began their bid to complete a series whitewash over the hosts.
Following wins inside four days in Galle and Colombo, the world's top-ranked side have opened an unassailable 2-0 lead and the injury-hit hosts face another stiff task against Kohli's men in the finale.
On a surface ideal for batting, India's openers picked up boundaries at will and made Sri Lanka pay for their profligacy with Dhawan given a reprieve on one, his edge flying through the slip cordon off left-arm seamer Vishwa Fernando.
The left-handed batsman went on to hit 17 fours in his 123-ball knock before he was out for 119, hitting a sweep shot off left-arm spinner Malinda Pushpakumara straight to Sri Lanka captain Dinesh Chandimal at square leg.
Cricket - Sri Lanka v India - Third Test Match - Pallekele, Sri Lanka - August 12, 2017 - India's Shikhar Dhawan hits a boundary. Dinuka Liyanawatte
Pushpakumara had also provided Sri Lanka a breakthrough in his first over when he dismissed Rahul for 85. The 30-year-old, playing only his second test, later bowled an out-of-sorts Ajinkya Rahane for 17, to end the day with figures of 3-40.
A century once again eluded Rahul, who was dropped twice during his innings, as he was caught at mid-on trying to hit a lofted shot. It was his seventh consecutive score of 50 or more.
Slideshow (3 Images)
Left-arm wrist-spinner Lakshan Sandakan then got Cheteshwar Pujara (eight) to edge one to slip as Sri Lanka continued to fight back.
The 26-year-old, replacing the injured Rangana Herath, also removed the dangerous Kohli with the right-handed batsman out for 42 after getting an edge to slip.
Ravichandran Ashwin (31) was the only wicket to fall to the faster bowlers when he edged Fernando to wicketkeeper Niroshan Dickwella after the hosts had taken the second new ball.
Left-arm wrist spinner Kuldeep Yadav was the only change for the touring side, called up as a replacement for suspended left-arm spinner Ravindra Jadeja.
The hosts have been hurt by injuries throughout the series and will be missing both spin spearhead Herath and paceman Nuwan Pradeep. Middle-order batsman Dhananjaya de Silva was dropped after scores of nought and 17 in Colombo.
TORONTO May 3 Manulife Financial Corp, Canada's biggest life insurer, on Wednesday reported a rise in first quarter earnings, marginally beating market forecasts with help from strong sales in Asia.
The company said core earnings, excluding one-off items and market movements, rose 22 percent to C$1.1 billion ($801 million), or 53 Canadian cents a share. Analysts on average had expected core earnings of 52 Canadian cents a share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S data. ($1 = 1.3729 Canadian dollars) (Reporting by Matt Scuffham; Editing by David Gregorio)
I love the way a zing of flavor or dash of spice can bring a mundane dish to life.
Adding a smidge of a savory, sweet or spicy condiment can really boost a meal to that next level.
Unfortunately, commercially-made condiments and chutneys can be expensive and laden with salt, sugar, and fat.
That's why UC Master Food Preservers of San Luis Obispo and Santa Barbara counties are offering a new class about how to make flavor-enhancing foods from a variety of ingredients: “Flavors from Around the World! Condiments and Chutneys.”
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The class takes place from 10 a.m. to noon Saturday at the UCCE Auditorium, 2156 Sierra Way in San Luis Obispo.
Course instructors are certified UC Master Food Preservers who have received extensive training in food safety and food preservation and passed a qualifying exam. They now serve as UCCE volunteers who teach food safety and food preservation to the community.
Registration for “Flavors Around the World!” costs $5. To register, visit http://ucanr.edu/condiments.
For more information about the UC Master Food Preserver program, which teaches home food preservation practices to California residents, visit http://cesanluisobispo.ucanr.edu/YouthFamilyCommunities/Master_Food_Preserver_Program.
The UCCE Master Food Preserver program in San Luis Obispo County also offers a free helpline — 805-781-1429 — to answer food safety and preservation questions from community members. A UCCE food preservation class schedule, recipes and other resources are also available via the helpline.
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
The Clark County Coroner identified the last two victims in the Nye County multi-vehicle crash that killed a total of five people on May 20.
Maiga Hralima, 77, and Lucile Powell Hralima, 64, both died of blunt force injuries in a three-vehicle crash near Amargosa Valley. NHP said three others were killed and one person survived.
RELATED: 5 killed, 1 hospitalized in 3-vehicle crash northwest of Las Vegas Valley
RELATED: Coroner identifies 3 killed in crash on US 95 near Amargosa Valley
The Clark County Coroner identified the other victims as Arturo Otero, 78, Juana Otero, 77, and Dwight Sproul, 53.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
UPDATE 1-South Africa's Vodacom names Moleketi as chairman
JOHANNESBURG, June 15 South Africa's Vodacom Group said on Thursday it has appointed non-executive director Jabu Moleketi to succeed Peter Moyo as the mobile phone network operator's next chairman.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Uber says it has suspended all its self-driving testing after what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving its vehicles.
The self-driving testing has been taking place in Phoenix, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
Police in the Phoenix suburb of Tempe said one of Uber's self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian on Sunday night.
Investigators said the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman was hit.
She died in hospital.
(Image: PA)
Uber chief executive Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account and said the company is working with local police on the investigation.
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.
The Department of Transportation is considering other voluntary guidelines it says will help foster innovation, but transportation secretary Elaine Chaos has said technology and motor companies need to allay public fears of self-driving vehicles, citing a poll showing that 78% fear riding in them.
The number of states considering legislation related to autonomous vehicles has gradually increased each year, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
In 2017 alone, 33 states introduced legislation.
California is among those that require manufacturers to report any incidents to the motor vehicle department during the testing phase. As of early March, the agency had received 59 reports.
May 2 Emerson Electric Co reported a 2.4 percent rise in quarterly profit, helped by higher sales in its commercial and residential solutions business, which makes air conditioning compressors and ignition systems for furnaces.
The factory automation equipment maker's earnings from continuing operations rose to $384 million, or 58 cents per share, in the first quarter ended March 31 from $375 million, or 57 cents per share, a year earlier. (bit.ly/2oSXEIB)
Net sales were little changed at $3.57 billion.
The company also raised its full-year sales and earnings forecasts. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera and Shashwat Awasthi in Bengaluru; Editing by Arun Koyyur)
* Q1 net profit S$1.21 bln vs market estimate of S$1.09 bln
* CEO says asset quality pressures appear to be moderating
* Impact of softer S$ interest rates offset by higher loan volumes
* Wealth management business reports strong growth (Adds quotes from CEO, details of results)
SINGAPORE, May 2 DBS Group Holdings Ltd , Singapore's biggest lender, beat market expectations by reporting stable quarterly profit on Tuesday, underpinned by a record performance in its wealth management business.
Chief Executive Piyush Gupta has rapidly expanded wealth management operations, helped by medium-sized acquisitions, while the broader outlook for Singapore banks remains cautious as lenders struggle with their exposure to the stressed oil and gas services sector.
DBS reported net profit of S$1.21 billion ($867 million) in January-March versus S$1.20 billion a year earlier and compared with an average forecast of S$1.09 billion from four estimates compiled by Reuters. Total income was up 1 percent.
"Our business pipeline is healthy, consistent with the recent improvement in economic data for key markets," Gupta said in a statement.
"While asset quality pressures appear to be moderating, we remain vigilant to continued headwinds in the oil and gas support services sector."
Net fee and commission income rose 16 percent, driven by a 26 percent jump in wealth management fees to a quarterly record of S$222 million and gains in transaction services and investment banking fees.
The bank's net interest income was unchanged at S$1.83 billion as the impact of softer Singapore-dollar interest rates was offset by higher loan volumes.
Last week, smaller peer United Overseas Bank posted a rise in quarterly profit on the back of higher net interest income and trading income. ($1 = 1.3961 Singapore dollars) (Reporting by Anshuman Daga; Editing by Stephen Coates)
Homeless Housing Assistance Payments (Haps) must be extended for renters outside Dublin by the new Minister for Housing, the co-leader of the Social Democrats has said.
Deputy Catherine Murphy said Minister Eoghan Murphy needs to “hit the ground running with actions to solve the crisis facing struggling renters”.
Her comments come after a report from the Private Residential Tenancies Board showed the cost of renting a home countrywide had jumped by almost 7.4 per cent in the 12 months to the end of March.
The report, for the first quarter of 2017, was the first since the introduction of rent pressure zones aimed at softening rent spikes.
Published on Thursday morning, it shows that while rents continue to trend upwards, quarter-on-quarter growth was relatively flat, increasing by 0.1 per cent. This is down from a 2.8 per cent increase over a three-month period recorded in the previous quarter.
The standardised average national rent is now €987 per month, which is up just €1 on the last quarter of 2016.
Trends in private sector rents in Dublin and outside Dublin appear to be mixed once again, illustrating the diversity of the rental market across the State.
Rents in Dublin and surrounding commuter counties are among the highest relative to the national average, with parts of Cork and Galway cities also above the average.
However, overall rents in Dublin declined this quarter by 1.5 per cent, driven primarily by a fall in rents for Dublin apartments.
Ms Murphy said the latest figures on rent prove the market is “totally broken”. She said the minister must extend emergency rent assistance measures nationwide to prevent homelessness caused by rising rents.
“Rents are increasing above the national average in commuter counties around Dublin and parts of Cork and Galway,” she said.
“People are facing homelessness because they simply cannot afford to pay the ridiculous amounts that are being asked.”
She said people who rely on rent benefits like Haps are being locked out of the rental market altogether.
“In Dublin in particular, Hap rates are not keeping pace with market rents – this means that vulnerable tenants are facing homelessness.”
She described the situation in the private rental sector outside Dublin as “critical” for people who rely on rent supports.
“Despite the fact that rents are rising faster in urban areas outside of Dublin, many of these areas have not been designated as rent pressure zones,” she said.
“What's more, these renters are not eligible for the enhanced supports available under the so-called ‘Homeless Hap' which has been operating in the four Dublin local authorities for the past few years.”
She said the incoming minister must get to work urgently and extend the Homeless Hap payments for renters outside Dublin and extend rent certainty measures nationwide.
A pile of one pound coins is seen in a photo illustration shot June 17, 2008. REUTERS/Toby Melville/Illustration/File Photo
(This story first published on March 28, was refiled to amend headline)
By Patrick Graham
LONDON While banks warn Britain's European Union divorce could drive the pound below $1.20, their option traders have cut the cost of insuring against further falls in the two years it has left inside the bloc.
A company wanting to insure its revenues or financial investments against further falls in the currency could pay 4.8 percent on Tuesday, back to late 2015 levels, for "put" options that start generating a profit if sterling falls to $1.20.
That compares to forecasts from major banks that range from $1.06 to almost $1.50, meaning a move in either direction of almost another 20 percent from current levels of around $1.25.
British Prime Minister Theresa May lodges Britain's official intent to leave the bloc on Wednesday and London's currency brokers say the pound's dramatic fall to levels not seen since the mid-1980s has made companies and ordinary Britons more fearful about sterling than at any time in recent memory.
In the heart of London's Canary Wharf financial district, dollars and euros were in high demand or sold out at several retail currency kiosks on Tuesday.
"Our average daily volume was up about 50 percent yesterday. We have people who are buying a house in Spain taking half of the amount out now just to make sure they lock in at these rates," Mark Horgan, chief executive of corporate and consumer foreign exchange firm Moneycorp, said.
And the use of currency hedging products by small businesses has risen by almost 60 percent since Britain voted to leave the EU in June, banking researchers East and Partners say.
Horgan, whose business tends to be focused on smaller firms and individuals exchanging money for personal needs, says for most that means a simple forward contract that essentially commits the user to paying the difference between UK interest rates and those in the euro zone or the United States.
But corporate customers are less concerned than last year.
"There is a feeling that Brexit is priced in and a lot of companies have got their heads around it now and are planning properly," he said, while adding:
"The big risk for me is that we get a precipitated walk out in the first stages of the talks. That could make it a long hard summer for sterling."
STRADDLE HYPE
Allowing for the gap between UK interest rates and their U.S. equivalents, options market insurance against a rise in sterling is relatively more expensive.
An at-the-money "call" option cost 7.1 percent on Tuesday.
That adds up to an expensive 12 percent for a "straddle", the options structure hedge funds and other major investors used to bet on general volatility in the currency.
Mark Farrington, a portfolio manager with London-based hedge fund Macro Currency Group, argues that sterling's fall has been driven by excessive hyping of the risks by the government, the Bank of England and other institutions.
"You had a very concerted effort to terrify everyone. I view these levels around 1.20 as artificial, not just on the back of the political turbulence but also the artificial spin that we should now see change," Farrington said.
The playing field, whether it be for big pension funds with UK investments, food importers or Britons hoping for a summer holiday in Europe, does seem to have shifted.
Bank researchers say that fair value views of sterling have fallen from around $1.50 two years ago, to between $1.30 and $1.40.
Reuters most recent polling, covering expectations out to a year, runs from German banks predicting a fall to around $1.05 to Investec's $1.35. British banking majors show a tighter range - from $1.10 to $1.31. [GBP/POLL]
"Forwards do not show you much. The option market skew is probably the bigger indicator," Richard Benson, head of portfolio management at currency fund Millennium Global, said.
"Buying the ATM GBP put at 4.8 percent, the positive carry makes it look interesting. The break-even of buying that put is $1.20, two weeks ago the market was panicking we would break $1.20 by the end of the week."
(Additional reporting by Ritvik Carvalho; editing by Alexander Smith/Keith Weir)
March 30 Promis Neurosciences Inc
* Promis Neurosciences Inc - PMN310 on track for IND submission in late 2018
* Promis Neurosciences Inc - discovery programs for TDP43 and TAU, on track with confirmation of targets and patent submissions expected soon Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PARIS, April 6 French tycoon Vincent Bollore, Vivendi's number one shareholder and chairman, has told the European Commission that he will get "sole control" of the media giant following its shareholders meeting scheduled on April 25.
The notification means that the billionaire, who has built up a 20.65 percent stake in Vivendi in five years, is in place to get a majority position at the group's shareholder meetings.
Bollore's stake in Vivendi will give him 29 percent of the group's voting rights.
Bollore has tightened his grip on Vivendi's supervisory board since taking its helm in 2014 by appointing his son Yannick, chief executive of advertising group Havas, and by cutting the number of independent members.
The European Commission has until April 24 to give its go-ahead to the situation.
The Bollore Group holding company and Vivendi declined to comment. (Reporting by Mathieu Rosemain and Gwenaelle Barzic in Paris, Additional reporting by Foo Yun Chee in Brussels; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta)
UPDATE 1-Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, despite surprising election losses for London's governing Conservatives.
Intelligent Virtual Assistant Market was valued at $1.1 billion in 2016 and is projected to reach $11.9 billion by 2024, having a CAGR of 34.8 % during the forecasted period of 2017 to 2024.In 2016, Speech recognition technology segment held the largest share of the global IVA market.
Intelligent Virtual Assistant (IVA) is a next-gen software application which facilitates the human interaction with the computer via various platforms such as, the internet, SMS, and messenger. IVA systems use various methods for interaction with the person and are extremely popular among young and tech savvy users. The various interaction methods include text-to-text, text-to-speech, speech-to-text, and speech-to-speech. Faster rigid training process, uniform support for customers, and value addition to the future ready products are popular advantages of IVA. The Global IVA market has exhibited a tremendous growth in the past and is expected to show robust growth in upcoming years.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/intelligent-virtual-assistant-market/request-sample
Market Dynamics
Cost effective solutions for organizational problems is one prime driver boosting the global intelligent virtual assistant market. Customer experience plays an important role in the growth of the business, integration of IVA with business functions helps to improve customer experience and ultimately boosts the business growth and fuel the global IVM market. Reduced manpower owing to an intelligent assortment of huge organizational data is also a market driver for global IVA market. For instance, Sarah, a virtual assistant by MyCyberTwin achieved 94% accuracy rate and has managed to drive sales for many companies. However, lack of availability of skilled resources is restraining the market for further growth. The evolving demand for websites and mobile applications will be the prime opportunity within global IVA market in upcoming years.
Market Segmentation
The global intelligent virtual assistant market is segmented on the basis of technology, industry verticals, and geography. The technology is bifurcated into Speech Recognition and text-to-speech. The industry verticals are classified as Automotive, Healthcare, BFSI, Retail/e-commerce, and Others. Geographically, the market is segmented as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World. The North American market holds the biggest share of the global IVA market and expected to grow at CAGR of 32.3 %. The banking and finance sector is expected to exhibit the highest growth rate within industry vertical segment.
Request for Customized Report @https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/intelligent-virtual-assistant-market/request-customise-form
Global IVA market, by Industry Verticals 2016 vs. 2024
Global IVA market, by Industry Verticals
Some major player of the market is Anboto Group, Artificial Solutions Ltd., CodeBaby Corporation, Creative Virtual Ltd, CX Company, eGain Corporation, IntelliResponse Systems Inc., Next IT Corporation, Nuance Communications Inc., and Speaktoit LLC.
Intelligent Virtual Assistance Market Segmentation
By Technology
• Speech Recognition
• Text-to-speech
By Industry Verticals
• Automotive
• Healthcare
• BFSI
• Retail/e-commerce
• Others
By Geography
• North America
• Europe
• APAC
• ROW
Key Market Players
Anboto Group
• Artificial Solutions Ltd.
• CodeBaby Corporation
• Creative Virtual Ltd
• CX Company
• eGain Corporation
• IntelliResponse Systems Inc.
• Next IT Corporation
• Nuance Communications Inc.
• Speaktoit LLC
Access Report Details @https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/intelligent-virtual-assistant-market
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Address:Sr. No.8/2A/1, Vitthal Heights, Above Yashwant, Kharadi, Pune-411014
Tel: +91-20-65606016
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Web: https://www.esticastresearch.com
FILE PHOTO: People hold a placard during a protest in Heroes' square against a new law that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros, in Budapest, Hungary April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Bernadett Szabo
FILE PHOTO: People protest in front of the Hungarian Parliament against a new law that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros, in Budapest, Hungary April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
BUDAPEST Thousands of Hungarians rallied in Budapest on Saturday against what they said were attempts by the rightwing government to silence critical voices, in the latest mass protest triggered by a new university law.
Prime Minister Viktor Orban's government, which has been in power since 2010, has faced big protests in the past two weeks after it passed legislation that targets a top international university founded in Budapest by billionaire financier and philanthropist George Soros.
Orban said earlier on Saturday that the parliamentary elections next year would decide whether a government fighting for the national interest remained in power or forces serving foreign interests gained control.
Orban has long criticised civil society organisations funded by Hungarian-born Soros, accusing them of opposing his tough migration policies and supporting illegal migration. He says the Soros-founded Central European University (CEU) has violated Hungarian rules - an accusation the university rejects. His government also wants to tighten rules on non-governmental organisations.
Among the thousands of protesters gathered in Budapest at a peaceful rally on Saturday, some carried European Union flags and banners with messages such as "Viktor the game is over" and "I stand with CEU".
"It is unbearable what is happening here, I would like to live in a democracy," said Agnes Bojte, 40, who makes documentaries. "It is like the air is getting thinner and thinner in this country."
"Media, civilians, students and Hungarian people cannot be silenced in their own country," one of the speakers said.
The EU and the United States have sharply criticised the new legislation. Right groups say it is part of a wider crackdown on dissent in Hungary, after curbs on the public media, state institutions and the constitutional court.
Orban, speaking for the first time since the protests began, told pro-government newspaper Magyar Idok that such conflicts were part of a fight for national sovereignty.
"In Hungary the national government is under continuous pressure and attacks so what is at stake at all elections is whether we will have a parliament and government serving the interests of Hungarian people or serving foreign interests," he said.
He said what was happening in Hungary now was a rehearsal for the campaign for the vote in a year's time. Recent polls give the ruling Fidesz party around 30 percent support and with that a firm lead over opposition parties.
"If we accepted that Brussels or other political or financial centres dictated ... what should happen in our country we would not have conflicts," he said in an interview. "But the history of Hungarians is that of a history of freedom fights."
The European Commission - often at odds with Orban - has threatened Hungary with legal action over a series of measures including the education law, saying they ran counter to the EU's values of human rights and democracy.
Analysts say Orban wants to solidify his nationalist-minded voter base ahead of the election. [L8N1HK2FE]
(Reporting by Krisztina Than; Editing by Andrew Bolton)
OTTAWA — Canada has quietly paid another $54 million toward development of the F-35 stealth fighter, bringing its total investment in the controversial project to roughly a half a billion dollars over the last 20 years.
The government is consulting fighter-jet makers, including U.S. aerospace giant Boeing, before launching a formal competition early next year to decide on a replacement for the air force's aging CF-18s.
The annual F-35 payment was made to the U.S. military earlier this month, the Department of National Defence said and will keep Canada at the table as one of nine partners in the fighter jet project for the next year.
Staying in the program has advantages, as partners can compete for billions of dollars in contracts associated with building and maintaining the F-35. They also get a discount when purchasing the plane.
Boeing officials said Wednesday that the company remains on the fence about whether its Super Hornet will participate in the Canadian fighter competition because of enduring questions about how the government will run it.
One concern is a new provision the government announced last year that aims to make it more difficult for companies that are deemed to be hurting the Canadian economy to win defence contracts.
The measure was announced at the height of Boeing's bitter dispute with Canadian rival Bombardier, which has since been tossed out by the U.S. International Trade Commission. Boeing opted not to appeal the decision.
"We want to evaluate what the requirements are and the evaluation criteria," said Jim Barnes, business development director for Boeing Defense, Space and Security, told reporters on the sidelines of the Cansec arms show in Ottawa.
"And it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out there's one new evaluation criteria that we certainly have to understand before we provide a proposal."
It was during last year's Cansec show that Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan lashed out at Boeing over the trade dispute with Bombardier, saying the U.S. company was not behaving like a "trusted partner."
Misys and D+H combine as Finastra
Misys and D+H have revealed details of their planned merger, creating a global behemoth in the market for financial software under a new brand name Finastra.
The combination will create the third largest financial services technology company in the world. The company has approximately 10,000 employees and over 9,000 customers across 130 countries, including 48 of the top 50 banks globally.
The move follows the March acquisition of D+H by Vista Equity Partners, which already owns Misys.
Finastra will be led by Misys CEO Nadeem Syed, who is keen to reassure joint customers that their current investment in technology will be protected.
“Serving all of our customers and partners remains our top priority," says Syed "By coming together as Finastra we are committed to enhancing our ability to deliver market-leading products and services, and to being an even more strategic partner to our customers. We will build momentum, delivering innovative and transformational products and exceptional service. Our mission is to help our customers, whatever their size, wherever they are located,”
The company has $2.1 billion in revenues and has offices in 42 countries around the world. It will be headquartered in London, UK, maintaining North American headquarters in Toronto, Canada.
MUMBAI, April 20 Indian central bank's monetary policy committee cited upside risks to inflation arising from price pressure excluding food and fuel as the main reason for keeping its policy rate unchanged, according to minutes of the April meeting released on Thursday.
The 6-member monetary policy committee (MPC) which had unanimously decided to keep the repo rate unchanged at 6.25 percent in early April, had raised a secondary rate called the reverse repo rate, which is used to drain excess funds from banks.
The MPC, which aims to bring down inflation to 4 percent in the medium term, maintained its hawkish stance on inflation, with most members expressing concern over upside risks to core inflation.
One member, M. D. Patra, the executive director of the Reserve Bank of India, and in charge of monetary policy, favoured an increase in the repo rate by 25 basis points as a pre-emptive move to curb inflation pressures.
But Patra finally agreed with the rest of the panel on holding the rate unchanged for now. (Reporting by Suvashree Dey Choudhury, Devidutta Tripathy and Euan Rocha; editing by Robert Birsel)
May 2 Home sales in the Vancouver region's once red-hot housing market fell sharply in April compared with a year ago but prices, which had dipped slightly in recent months, rose again notably for condominiums, data released on Tuesday showed.
The benchmark price for all types of residential properties in Metro Vancouver, Canada's most expensive real estate market, was C$941,100($686,583.50) in April, the Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver said.
That was up 5 percent over the past three months and 11.4 percent higher compared with a year ago.
For condominiums, the benchmark price was C$554,100 last month, a 16.6 percent jump over the past 12 months and 3.1 percent more than a buyer would have paid in March.
In the condominium and townhome markets, demand has been increasing for months and supply is not keeping pace, said the board's president, Jill Oudil.
"This dynamic is causing prices to increase and making multiple-offer scenarios the norm," she said in a statement.
Sales in Vancouver's housing market have slowed since the provincial government of British Columbia imposed a 15 percent foreign buyers tax in August 2016 amid concern that speculation by global investors, mostly from mainland China, was fueling a bubble.
Sales of single-family homes in April fell nearly 39 percent to 1,211 compared with the same month last year. Sales of condominiums slid 18.3 percent to 1,722. ($1 = 1.3707 Canadian dollars) (Reporting by Nicole Mordant in Vancouver; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
(Updates with more quotes)
MOSCOW, April 5 A proposed United Nations resolution on a chemical weapons attack in Syria is "unacceptable" for Moscow and based on "fake information", Russia's Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said on Wednesday.
"Unfortunately, based on totally fake information, the United States, France and Great Britain have once again planted - one cannot put it any other way - into the U.N. Security Council a draft resolution which has a completely anti-Syrian character," the RIA Novosti agency quoted Zakharova as saying.
The resolution would exacerbate tensions within Syria and throughout the region, she said.
Zakharova was also quoted by the Interfax news agency as saying: "We do not believe it is expedient to pass a resolution on the chemical weapons attack in its present form."
Washington, Paris and London have drawn up a draft U.N. Security Council statement condemning the attack and demanding an investigation. Russia has the power to veto it, as it has done to block all previous resolutions that would harm Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
Russia has suggested it would publicly stand by Assad and says the chemical incident which killed scores of people was likely caused by a leak from a depot controlled by Syrian rebels.
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov earlier told reporters Russia would argue at the United Nations that the rebels were to blame for the chemical contamination. (Reporting by Polina Devitt; writing by Sujata Rao; Editing by Christian Lowe and Janet Lawrence)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
State's schools continue to be save zones
 Washington state's kindergarten through 12th grade schools continue to be a safe place for undocumented students.
State Superintendent of Public Instruction Chris Reykdal reinterated the state's stance in the wake of comments made May 23 by U...
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Darryl Evans, a name you may be familiar with as the head of Mangere Budgeting Services Trusts, has taken exception to yesterday's editorial on those who earn over $100,000 and yet claim to not be able to make ends meet.
Upon hearing my piece he hit the keyboard and banged out an appropriately affronted piece for the New Zealand Herald.
And in it he puts on show the exact issue and attitude I was trying to point out yesterday.
It's worth looking up by the way, give it a read because all views are valuable, even if sadly but predictably Darryl chooses to deliberately and completely miss the point. And this sadly is where debate badly falls over in this country.
Advertisement
Those on the defence refuse to deal in fact or the specifics. What they do is take umbrage and re-deliver, in Darryl's case, their often-peddled lines.
And those lines are that, for some, times are tough. For some they can't make ends meet, for some a service of genuine help and sympathy is needed. None of which is what I was talking about.
To hammer home his point Darryl cites the plight of someone called Joanna. She has two kids and earns $550 a week and pays rent of $530. He doesn't of course say what the government top up to her income is, because that would not serve his argument well.
But he concludes without any further fact that Joanna struggles to make ends meet. Once again, nothing to do with what we were talking about yesterday.
$550 a week is not $100,000 a year - or anywhere close. Why then is he citing it as an example?
Darryl gives us the oft-repeated stat that 40 per cent of kids is in hardship. Once again not defined. What is hardship and how is it measured?
Anyway, 40 per cent of kids in hardship have one working parent. Once again, nothing to do with earning $100,000 a year.
He cites what they earn in Canada and Australia, as though that has anything to do with earning six figures here.
Yes, we are a low-wage country. But that, once again wasn't the point.
You're not on low wages if you earn $100,000 plus. So around and around the facts he skips, peddling his message of woe, misery and deprivation.
This, of course as we pointed out yesterday, is real for the truly low paid or those on welfare.
Where Darryl, if you're going to busy yourself with op-ed pieces, is your view of a six-figure salary?
What do you think of the person on 120 grand a year pleading poverty, when you deal with people on less than half of that with a real cause and a real case?
Why bag me? Apart from the fact it's easy, and yet fail to deal for one single sentence with what I was actually talking about: people on $100,000 plus failing to make ends meet.
Could it just possibly be that I have a point? Could it just possibly be that on that sort of money, my advice that you need a calculator, not more pity, is in fact accurate?
Could it be that Darryl can't possibly admit that we might just be a little too far down the pity party path?
And if were really seeing high-income earners as sob stories then we've lost touch with reality.
AIRSHOW-CDB in talks with Boeing, Airbus ahead of Le Bourget
PARIS, June 15 CDB Aviation, the aircraft leasing arm of China Development Bank, is in talks to place orders with both Boeing and Airbus and could complete at least one of the deals by as early as next week's Paris Airshow, two people familiar with the matter said.
CHICAGO For all the talk of how the United States has embraced soccer, it became clear there is still some way to go to complete the conversion after newly arrived Bastian Schweinsteiger was asked if he thought his club, Chicago Fire, could win the World Cup.
Chicago is a huge sports city, boasting fanatical followers of ice hockey, American football, basketball and baseball. Last year, 60,000 even turned out to watch Ireland shock New Zealand in a rugby union test. But not everybody has quite bought into the "other football".
Schweinsteiger, who helped Germany win the sport's ultimate trophy in 2014, was facing the media on Wednesday after his move from Manchester United and though he has excellent English, the midfielder was understandably bemused when asked if he felt his arrival might help Fire win the World Cup.
A team official hurriedly whispered that the question must refer to the World Club Cup but while Schweinsteiger was preparing to answer, the reporter rephrased the question, making it painfully obvious he was indeed referring to the most-watched sporting event in the world.
General Manager Nelson Rodriguez stepped in to gently explain to the reporter that clubs do not compete for the World Cup -- a tournament where the United States has featured in the last seven editions, reaching the knockout stage in four of them.
Instead he suggested that Schweinsteiger treat the question as an enquiry about a more modest, but eminently more achievable ambition -- winning the MLS Cup.
"I think in football everything is realistic and I always believe in the team which I play for that you can win the game even if it's against the best team in the world," Schweinsteiger said, presumably not in reference to Fire's chances against Brazil.
"You have a chance to win and I experienced that a lot in my career that everything is possible."
Almost everything.
(Writing by Mitch Phillips; Editing by Catherine Evans)
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – Sam Bradford is back at practice this week, but his status for the Minnesota Vikings' game against the Chicago Bears is still in doubt.
Bradford returned to the practice field Thursday. After lighting up the New Orleans Saints in Week 1, the quarterback has missed the last three games with an injured knee.
Friday, Bradford provided an update on his injury.
“Better. Definitely feeling better,” he said.
With a division game on the road on Monday night, the Vikings would get a big boost from having their starting quarterback back on the field. Bradford would not say whether he will start against the Bears.
“Right now, considering what I did yesterday and the way it feels, I feel good,” Bradford said.
Bradford expected to practice Friday and Saturday as well. Coach Mike Zimmer was typically curt about his quarterback's status.
“When he's ready to play, he'll play,” Zimmer said.
With a quarter of the season finished and a tilt with the Green Bay Packers on the horizon, the Vikings need Bradford on the field as soon as possible. But even if he does play Monday, Bradford expects to be playing through some pain.
“At this point you're going to have to play through some discomfort,” he said. “I would like it to be 100 percent but I don't even know if that's possible until the bye week or the end of the year.”
“That's pretty much what it is, but I'm hoping it's not throughout the season,” Zimmer said.
After a pedestrian performance against the Pittsburgh Steelers in his first start, backup quarterback Case Keenum has kept the team competitive the past two weeks. As Bradford's replacement, he's competed 61 percent of his passes for 755 yards, three touchdowns and no interceptions.
The always opaque Vikings probably will not name a starting quarterback until Monday, but Bradford seems hopeful his return will come soon.
“I feel good,” he said. “I think, again, being able to go out there yesterday and practice was obviously a step in the right direction.”
Florida Employment Lawyer Suzanne Boy
Contact
Gail Lamarche, Director of Marketing
***@henlaw.com Gail Lamarche, Director of Marketing
End
-- Employment Law Attorney Suzanne Boy of Henderson, Franklin, Starnes & Holt, P.A., will present "The Hottest Employment Law Topics in 2017" at the RetNet Forum Spring Meeting, on April 22, 2017, at the Meritage Resort and Spa in Napa, California. Boy will update attendees on some of the "hot topics" that all employers impacting the workplace, including several wage/hour issues, the status of paid leave laws and LGBT protections, and the intersection of ADA/FMLA issues. She will also offer tips on how best to combat common issues that arise between employers and their employees.Boy concentrates her practice in employment law, assisting clients with all aspects of employment-related litigation, claims, and client counseling. She frequently speaks to businesses and professional groups on various employment matters, and she is passionate about helping employers proactively and cost-effectively resolve workplace issues.Boy has been recognized for her professional and community involvement. In 2014, she was named one of Gulfshore Business Magazine's Forty Under 40, as well as named to Business Observer's 40 Under 40 list the same year. For six consecutive years, Boy has been recognized by Florida Super Lawyers® magazine for her work in business litigation and employment & labor. In 2012, she was one of 174 attorneys in the entire state of Florida selected as an "Up and Comer" by Florida Trend Magazine's Legal Elite.Boy currently serves on several boards and committees, including SHRM SWFL, Canterbury School Board of Trustees, and the Florida Bar Twentieth Judicial Circuit's Grievance Committee. She received her undergraduate degree from the University of Florida (with honors, 2002), and her law degree from Stetson University College of Law (2006). She can be reached at suzanne.boy@henlaw.com or by phone at 239.344.1403.Henderson Franklin is the largest, locally-based law firm between Tampa and Miami with over 50 attorneys dedicated to providing a wide range of legal services in the areas of business and tax planning, business and civil litigation, employment law, estate planning, family law, intellectual property, workers' compensation, real estate, and land use and environmental law. Since 1924, Henderson Franklin has been assisting clients build their homes, businesses and communities in Southwest Florida. Henderson Franklin operates offices in Fort Myers, Bonita Springs, Sanibel Island and Naples (by appointment only). For more information on Boy, visit www.henlaw.com.
Much of England has been with heavy snow today - so what do you need to prepare for winter driving?
Rescue services like Green Flag have warned motorists to avoid travelling if possible - and the Met Office has warned that drivers face the prospect of becoming stranded if they do travel.
But if you're really going to drive...
DO'S (According to Green Flag)
Make sure you've got an ice scraper and a good de-icer spray - At this time of year, cars can ice over in the evening as well as the morning. Having a proper ice scraper and de-icer spray has multiple benefits. For a start clearing ice won't ruin your bank card/CD case/partner's birthday card. It will also make the job more comfortable. That in turn makes it more likely you'll clear your windows thoroughly which will make driving safer.
Ensure your tyres are up to the job
During the colder months we would ideally all fit winter tyres to our cars. However, most of us don't want the extra expense of tyres that are designed purely for very cold weather. Therefore, it's vital that the tyres we do use are in tip-top shape. Check the pressures are what's recommended by your car's user manual. Also inspect the tread depth. The legal minimum is 1.6mm. However, tyre companies and safety experts recommend tyres are changed at 3mm. This is because tests prove that stopping distances are significantly reduced as tread wears down.
Check your fluids
Everyone knows that water freezes when temperatures dip. That's why cars have anti freeze mixed in with their coolant. It's also why windscreen washer fluid has an anti-freeze component. Top up your windscreen washer bottle so there's enough to keep your screen clean. And make sure you've mixed in sufficient screen wash to ensure the water doesn't freeze. If you haven't had your car serviced recently, now's the time to book it in. Alternatively, pop into your garage and ask them to check the concentration of antifreeze in your car's system.
Give yourself plenty of time to stop
A cold, damp road surface means your car will need longer to stop. Regular tyres don't have as much grip at very low temperatures. Take this into account and allow more space between you and the car in front.
Be Prepared
It's a good idea to have a cold weather kit in your car. This should contain a reflective jacket, a folding shovel if snow is forecast, a tow rope, a torch, and even a blanket and some water if it's very cold and you're concerned your journey may be disrupted. And be ready not to travel at all if the weather forecast is really bad.
DONT'S
Leave your car idling to defrost it
For a start, getting your car's engine running while you defrost it is against the law and could land you with a £40 fine. In 2002, the government changed the law making it an offence to leave your car stationary and idling. In addition, there have been cases where cars have been stolen while they've been left with their engine on but no one inside. If that's the case, your insurer is unlikely to pay up.
Wait for your battery to fail
Extremes of temperature aren't good for batteries. Hot weather can deplete the liquid inside them causing a weakness; cold weather then exposes this. That's because engine oil thickens up in low temperatures and it takes more effort from the battery for the starter motor to turn the engine. A battery that is running low on charge may not have sufficient oomph for the job. If your battery is more than three years old or making starting the engine sound harder than it should, ask a garage to check it. Most will do so for free.
Use the windscreen wipers to defrost a screen
Windscreen wiper rubber is designed to be very effective at clearing liquid from glass. But ice is abrasive, something windscreen wiper rubbers definitely aren't designed for. Putting your wipers on to de-ice your car won't work and will simply cause unnecessary wear to your wiper blades.
Pour boiling water on the screen
Everyone knows that cold things contract, warm things expand (right?). If you pour boiling water on your freezing windscreen the glass will suddenly expand. It may be fine. But if you've got a nick or any kind of damage to the screen, it will crack at the weakest point.
Forget your coat
You might only be stepping from your nice warm house into your nice warm work place via your car. But what happens if your journey is disrupted? You'll be pretty uncomfortable if you have to wait to be rescued and you've only got thin work clothes to wear.
RELATED: SNOW DAYS: Can you legally take a day off? Your rights explained if you can't get to work due to snow
Homes are seen for sale in the southwest area of Portland, Oregon March 20, 2014. REUTERS/Steve Dipaola
Fears that higher home mortgage rates this year will keep buyers away and hit home sales could be overblown.
While interest rates are expected to rise this year and wages will likely remain stagnant, buyers can look forward to a potential slackening in home prices during the crucial spring selling season.
Home prices are expected to rise at their slowest pace in six years as affordability - an industry measure based on income and home prices - is expected to hit its lowest since the recession.
This may hurt margins at homebuilders such as Lennar Corp (LEN.N) and PulteGroup Inc (PHM.N), but a pick-up in volumes as buyers slowly return to the market is expected to offset losses.
PulteGroup said in January it expected 2017 gross margin to come in the low-end of its forecast of 24.0-24.5 percent, partly due to an expected drop in affordability.
Homebuilders are also keeping a tight lid on costs as they rein in home prices to attract buyers, analysts said.
"Even in the face of slowing price growth, I think they'll continue to see fairly good profitability," said Alvaro Lacayo, an analyst at New York-based research firm Gabelli & Co.
"Builders are more focused on controlling costs to better deal with slowing price growth."
U.S. home prices have risen steeply over the past four years amid ever-tightening supply and a shortage of skilled labor, crimping affordability for the average homebuyer.
In December, the supply of houses on the market dropped to levels last seen in 1999.
The 30-year fixed mortgage rate, which hovered around 3.77 percent just before the December 2016 Fed interest rate hike, has now risen to about 4.20 percent, according to Freddie Mac.
Annual wage growth, meanwhile, has remained firmly below 3 percent, making it difficult for home buyers to save up for downpayments.
All of this is expected to push down the Housing Affordability Index to 153 this year from 164.8 in 2016.
"As rates go up, it is going to increase the monthly costs of servicing a mortgage which in turn means that potential home buyers are going to have to bid a smaller price when they buy homes," said Robert Dietz, chief economist, National Association of Home Builders.
DISCOUNTS AND INCENTIVES
New home prices are expected to rise only 3 percent this year compared with a 6.4 percent increase in 2016, according to data from the National Association of Realtors.
To be sure, analysts don't expect buyers to start buying homes immediately as affordability still remains a problem and a rationalization in home prices is only expected to boost volumes later in the year.
For instance, if a buyer paid $60,000 in downpayment for a home worth $300,000 in March last year, they would have shelled out $63,540 for the same home in January this year.
While homebuilders have not commented on whether they are reining in prices, analysts said companies have rolled out incentives to offset higher payment costs.
Pulte said it offered higher discounts in the December quarter and some of it "may have been interest rate related."
D.R. Horton, the largest U.S. homebuilder, said in November it expects average selling price (ASP) to be flat to slightly up in 2017. The company's ASP rose 2.3 percent last year.
D.R. Horton and LGI Homes Inc (LGIH.O) did not respond to requests for comments. PulteGroup declined to comment. KB Home (KBH.N) and Lennar Corp (LEN.N) directed Reuters toward their publicly issued statements.
"Homebuilders (are) showing a willingness to use incentives to lessen the impact on consumers; consumer confidence has improved considerably, while there is also fear of even higher costs in the future," Barclays analyst Michael Dahl wrote in a note published in March.
(Reporting by Sweta Singh and Arunima Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Sayantani Ghosh and Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
Ards manager Colin Nixon believes Thursday's Spectator and Chronicle Cup clash will provide the perfect preparation for the new season.
Premiership club Ards will play their local rivals Bangor at the Bangor Fuels Arena, with kick-off at 7.30pm.
It's the first clash between the two sides in two years.
Nixon said: “The North Down derby has a great tradition and it's important that we keep those traditions alive.
“It's a bit more interesting than your average pre-season friendly so the players are really looking forward to it.”
Over the course of the summer, Nixon has signed goalkeeper Jason Mooney from Cliftonville, left-back Craig McClean from Crusaders, central midfielder Kym Nelson from Glentoran, winger Eamon McAllister from Carrick Rangers, forward Sean Noble from Ballinamallard Utd and striker Mark Kelly from Ballyclare Comrades. Defender Mark Kerr joins on a six-month loan from the Crues.
Nixon said: “The new guys have all fitted in really well. I'm expecting big things from them, that's why I brought them to the club in the first place.
“The derby game is a good test for the new boys, as Bangor are a good side who were very unfortunate not to be promoted last season.”
Bangor manager Hugh Sinclair's is hopeful the game will be good preparation for the new season, with the Seasiders determined to win the Ballymena & Provincial League and regain their place in NIFL.
However, Bangor will have a fight on their hands. West Belfast club St. James' Swifts have signed former Irish League players Stephen O'Neill, Brendan Glackin, Aaron Smyth and Mark Clarke.
Sinclair said: “We knew St. James' Swifts would sign a few good players. I see they've just signed Stevie O'Neill who played for Ards and Bangor, which is a quality signing.
“But you have to think about Glebe Rangers too. Last season, we threw everything at them and they still won the league. They deserve a lot of respect for that.
“It's a difficult league with a few sides who are at least Premier Intermediate League standard.
“However, I don't feel like we anything to fear. Come the first day of the season, we will be well prepared.”
Thursday's game will kick off at 7.30pm. Entry is priced at £5 for adults and £3 for concessions.
March 31 Rapid Nutrition Plc:
* On the heels of its new listing on the SIX Swiss Exchange, Rapid Nutrition is reporting a mid-year net profit of 508,695 Australian dollars ($388,948.20) for the period up to Dec. 31, 2016, which represents a 96 percent increase on the prior comparative period and a top line revenue increase of 39 percent to 2,071,325 Australian dollars on the prior comparative period
Source text - bit.ly/2npoi71
Further company coverage: ($1 = 1.3079 Australian dollars) (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* Apple suppliers fall on weak iPhone sales
* Novo Nordisk jumps on profit beat
* Profit outlook rosier for Fresenius
* Miners at four-month low (Adds quote and detail, updates prices at close)
By Helen Reid and Kit Rees
LONDON, May 3 European shares slipped slightly from the 20-month highs they hit in the previous session, as investors locked in profits following some underwhelming company results on Wednesday.
Europe's STOXX 600 index was flat in percentage terms at its close, having spent most of the session in negative territory.
Shares in several Apple suppliers fell after the smartphone giant reported a surprise dip in sales of its flagship iPhone.
Dialog Semiconductor shares slid 2.5 percent. They had plummeted 14 percent in April on fears over Apple bringing some of its components in-house.
"Dialog has been trying to diversify for a number of years to different sources, but unfortunately if your key relationship is with Apple and that's because you have got great products, there's risk and opportunity very closely aligned in that," said Neil Campling, technology analyst at Northern Trust.
Peers AMS and STMicro also fell 1.2 and 1.8 percent respectively.
Shares in German luxury retailer Hugo Boss dropped nearly 3 percent after online sales fell 27 percent due to fewer visitors to its website.
German bluechip automakers Daimler and BMW were also on the back foot after disappointing April auto sales in the U.S.
Gains among healthcare stocks supported Germany's DAX index, which rose 0.2 percent and touched a fresh all-time high.
Fresenius hit a record high, up 2.6 percent, after it raised its 2017 profit forecast after demand for its generic infusion drugs boosted first-quarter income 28 percent.
"We do not believe investors were anticipating another guidance raise and will be relieved by the Kabi strength," said UBS analysts, referring to the company's infusion segment.
Danish drugmaker Novo Nordisk jumped to the top of the STOXX 600, up 6.8 percent after it beat estimates for first-quarter profit and nudged up its full-year outlook.
Elsewhere, underwhelming results weighed on Finland's Nokian Tyres, down 5.7 percent after it missed estimates for operating profit.
Centamin sank nearly 6 percent after posting a 28-percent fall in first-quarter pretax profit. It dragged Europe's miners down 2.5 percent to a four-month low.
European first-quarter earnings are expected to increase 10.5 percent from the first quarter of 2016, or 6.2 percent excluding the energy sector, Thomson Reuters data showed.
Of 111 companies to have reported earnings so far, 70.3 percent exceeded analyst estimates, above the 49.5 percent of beats in a typical quarter.
“For the first time in many years we're seeing good momentum and strong earnings growth in European equities," said Chris Dyer, director of global equity at Eaton Vance.
“I think investors are putting money into European equities, we're starting to see that in flow data since the beginning of this year after substantial outflows last year due to political and economic uncertainty coming into 2017.”
(Reporting by Kit Rees and Helen Reid; editing by Andrew Roche)
A demonstrator wears a t-shirt with the word 'Home grow' written on it as she waits outside the Congress for the Senate to pass a law to legalise the medical use of cannabis in Buenos Aires, Argentina, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Marcos Brindicci
Josefina Vilumbrale, who suffers from refractory partial epilepsy and has been treating her illness with cannabis, is held by her father Fernando Vilumbrale as they wait outside the Congress for the Senate to pass a law to legalise the medical use of cannabis in Buenos Aires, Argentina, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Marcos Brindicci
Demonstrators hold up signs as they wait outside the Congress for the Senate to pass a law to legalise the medical use of cannabis in Buenos Aires, Argentina, March 29, 2017. The sign show a girl named Nayra, who suffers from refractory partial epilepsy and has been using cannabis to treat her illness for the past two years, and reads 'Medical cannabis - the pain can't wait'. REUTERS/Marcos Brindicci
BUENOS AIRES Argentina gave final legislative approval on Wednesday to a bill legalizing cannabis oil for medicinal use and permitting the federal government to grow marijuana for research and therapeutic purposes.
The measure will become law once it is signed by President Mauricio Macri, whose Cambiemos party sponsored the bill.
"Thirty percent of epileptics do not respond to traditional medicine," medical doctor Ana María García Nicora, who heads the Medical Cannabis Argentina group, told local television after the Senate's final vote on the measure.
"My daughter has had epilepsy for 24 years and this is an option for her," she said.
Chile and Colombia have adopted similar laws and neighboring Uruguay has gone as far as to legalize smoking marijuana, seeking to wrest the business from criminals in the small South American nation.
A bill approving the use of cannabis oil is pending in Peru's Congress. In January, healthcare regulators in Brazil issued the country's first license for sale of an oral spray derived from marijuana used to treat multiple sclerosis.
(Reporting by Maximiliano Rizzi; Writing by Hugh Bronstein; Editing by Peter Cooney)
BRIEF-Novartis says Cosentyx helped arthritis patients at 3 years
* Says Cosentyx shows sustained improvements in signs and symptoms for both active ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis in up to 80 percent of patients at 3 years Source text for Eikon: [ID:file:///C:/Users/g195632/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-67 1638335/Body.Html] Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
A US woman who earlier admitted killing a pregnant neighbour to get her baby did it by cutting the baby from the mother's womb as she faded in and out of consciousness, prosecutors said.
North Dakota woman Brooke Crews, 38, was sentenced to life in prison without parole in a hearing that for the first time detailed the August death of Savanna Greywind, 22, of Fargo.
Ashton Matheny, the baby's father, said learning how his baby was born and his girlfriend died “tore me apart”. Ms Greywind's mother, Norberta Lafontaine-Greywind, fought back tears, but said she was satisfied with the sentence – the toughest Crews could have received.
Prosecutors said the two women argued, and Ms Greywind was pushed and briefly knocked out before Crews began cutting her. Ms Greywind eventually bled to death, they said.
East Central District Judge Frank Racek cited the predatory and cruel nature of the crime in handing down the maximum sentence.
Crews, wearing orange prison clothing and cuffed at the wrists, cried as she read a statement of apology. She said she wished she could take the family's pain.
Brooke Crews leaves Court in Fargo, North Dakota. Picture: AP
“There is no excuse. There is no rationalisation. There is nothing,” she said. Later, she showed no emotion as the judge passed sentence.
Crews's boyfriend, William Hoehn, faces a May trial in the case. He has pleaded not guilty. Prosecutors had cited his pending trial in withholding public details of Ms Greywind's death earlier.
Prosecutors asked for a sentence of life in prison with no parole. Defence lawyer Steven Mottinger had asked for less, pointing out Crews admitted guilt without any promise of leniency.
“Acceptance of responsibility is important,” Mr Mottinger said in court. “It has to mean something.”
Ms Greywind was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in August, sparking extensive searches. Kayakers found her body wrapped in plastic in a river. The baby was found alive in the apartment Crews shared with Hoehn.
Norberta LaFontaine-Greywind, one of four family members to give statements during sentencing, said that what Crews did was “beyond evil”, and said she was suffering horrific nightmares. Her husband, Joe Greywind, said the family is trying to heal, “but we find it nearly impossible”.
Fargo Police Chief Dave Todd earlier called Ms Greywind's death a “cruel and vicious act of depravity”.
Crews initially claimed that Ms Greywind gave up her newborn daughter, but she later admitted taking advantage of the woman to get the child, according to court documents.
Hoehn told police he came home on August 19 to find Crews cleaning up blood in their bathroom. Hoehn said Crews presented him with an infant girl and said: “This is our baby. This is our family.” Hoehn told police he took garbage bags containing bloody shoes and his bloody towels and disposed them away from the apartment complex.
A bill in Congress aimed at protecting Native American women and girls from violence, abduction and human trafficking is named for Ms Greywind. Savanna's Act, introduced by Democratic Senator Heidi Heitkamp would improve tribal access to certain federal crime information databases and create standardised protocols for responding to cases of missing and murdered Native Americans.
It also would require an annual report that would include statistics on missing and murdered Native American women.
“You would never wish this suffering on anybody, on anybody's family, on anybody's sister or daughter or mother,” said Gloria Allred, attorney for the Greywind family. “But the only good that will come out of it … is more attention to change on this issue for other Native American women in the future.”
Share it:
Don't Miss
The Embassy of the Republic of Korea at New Delhi announced the "2018 Korean Government Scholarship Program (KGSP) for the students for undergraduate degree
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Kcc
• Education
• Scholarship Industry:
• Education Location:
• Delhi - Delhi - India
Contact
Brannia
***@brannia.com Brannia
End
-- The Embassy of the Republic of Korea at New Delhi announced the "2018 Korean Government Scholarship Program (KGSP) for the students for undergraduate degree. Korea is the world's top ranking educational institutes and prominent destination for the students for higher education in the world, particularly in Asia. Scholarship will not only benefit the students personally in terms of their career prospects but will also help our younger generation to build the bridge of friendship between two countries.: online: 13October 2017: visit the embassy website: Applicants wcj are advised to visit the Embassy's website to know about how to apply for the program, eligibility requirements, available universities and fields of study, scholarship benefits, required documents, selection procedures and other important information.The history of the Korean nation began in Manchuria and the Korean Peninsula when people started settling there 700,000 years ago. Representative historic sites associated with the people of the Paleolithic Age, who used tools made of animal horns and chipped stone tools, include Geomeunmoru Cave in Sangwon, Pyeongannam-do; Jeongok-ri in Yeoncheon, Gyeonggi-do;Seokjang-ri in Gongju, Chungcheongnam-do; and Durubong Cave in Cheongwon, Chungcheongbuk-do. The early inhabitants of the peninsula survived by hunting for animals and collecting edible plants in groups. - See more at: http://india.korean- culture.org/ en/167/korea/ 61#sthash.q9... For more details visit http://india.korean- culture.org
April 5 DATAGROUP SE:
* Decides on capital increase of up to 10 percent
* Decided to raise company's share capital by up to 10 percent against cash contributions, utilising authorised capital II 2013
* Proceeds from capital increase are planned to strengthen DATAGROUP SE's equity
* Share capital be increased by issuing a total of 759,000 new no-par value bearer shares of 7,590,000 euros by nominally up to 759,000.00 euors to up to 8,349,000.00 euros ($8.90 million) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9380 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 2 Dar Al Arkan Real Estate Development Company
* Announces commencement of meetings with investors to launch an Islamic sukuk under international Islamic sukuk program
* Appoints Alkhair Capital, Deutsche Bank, Dubai Islamic Bank, Emirates NBD Capital, Goldman Sachs International, Noor Bank and QInvest to manage the potential fourth tranche issuance Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Optibiotix enters supply agreement for LPLDL capsules with HLH Biopharma GmbH
* Entered into a three year supply agreement with HLH Biopharma Vertriebs GmBH covering supply of LPLDL Capsules Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
March 29 Europejskie Centrum Odszkodowan SA :
* Said on Tuesday that its management board resolved to issue up to 50,000 series A bonds at issue price 1.000 zlotys ($0.25) per bond
* The redemption date is set at April 14, 2020
* Bondholders will be paid interest at a floating rate percentage
* Interest are to be charged on the nominal value of the bonds at the base rate WIBOR6M plus a margin of 4 pct per annum
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9263 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
ASABA—The special Assistant to the Delta State Governor on Special Duties, Mr. Arex Akemotubo has described Governor Ifeanyi Okowa's three years as a blessing to all Deltans , noting that the pace of development in the state will bring prosperity to Deltans.
Akemotubo, made this known in an interview with newsmen yesterday in Asaba during the celebration to mark Democracy Day.
The governor's aide eulogised the governor for his achievements in transforming unemployed youths in the state into owners of businesses and employers of labour through his job creation scheme.
“Governor Ifeanyi Okowa being an experienced politician has been able to attend to the needs of Deltans in various sectors within the last three years.
“Over three dead technical colleges in the state have been transformed into world class standard within the three years of Okowa Administration while four more technical colleges are currently undergoing transformation,” he added.
April 5 China Minsheng Banking Corp Ltd
* Received approval of China Banking Regulatory Commission in relation to appointment qualification of Shi Yuzhu and Song Chunfeng as non-executive directors
* Received approval of CBRC for appointment qualification of Xie Zhichun, Peng Xuefeng and Liu Ningyu as independent non-executive directors Source (bit.ly/2o2J4fI) Further company coverage:
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
LONDON, April 5 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Women are just as ambitious as men at the start of their careers but this falters if companies fail to encourage them, according to a study released on Wednesday that sought to dispel the myth of a gender ambition gap.
A survey by the Boston Consulting Group (BCG) of 200,000 employees, including 141,000 women from 189 countries, found women just as ambitious as men at the outset and companies were at fault for stopping this, not family status or motherhood.
Researchers at the global management consultancy found among employees aged under 30, there was little difference in ambition at first and ambition waned in both sexes over time, but women's ambition eroded faster than men's at companies lagging on gender diversity.
The ambition gap between women and men aged 30 to 40 was 17 percent at firms that employees felt were the least progressive on gender diversity and at these firms only 66 percent of women sought promotion compared with 83 percent of men.
But there was almost no ambition gap between women and men aged 30 to 40 at firms where employees felt gender diversity was improving with 85 percent of women seeking promotion compared with 87 percent of men.
"Both genders are equally ambitious and equally rational," said Matt Krentz, a BCG senior partner and coauthor of the report, in a statement.
"Ambition is not a fixed trait; it is an attribute that can be nurtured or damaged over time through the daily interactions and opportunities employees experience at work."
The report comes after a World Economic Forum study last year said efforts to close gender gaps in pay and workforce participation slowed so dramatically in the past year that men and women may not reach economic equality for another 170 years.
Data from the International Labour Organization shows that the gender wage gap globally is estimated at 23 percent, meaning on average women earn 77 percent of what men earn.
Krentz said the BCG study showed that when companies create a positive culture and attitude regarding gender diversity, all women — mothers included — were eager to advance.
The BCG proposed a four-step plan to close the ambition gap: build gender-diverse leadership teams, make the workplace suitable for both sexes, make and promote structural changes like flexible work, and track progress.
"By creating the right culture, companies can foster women's ambition and tap into the wider pool of talent needed to win in the future," said Katie Abouzahr, a health care principal at BCG and co-author of the report. (Editing by Belinda Goldsmith; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights and climate change. Visit news.trust.org to see more stories)
March 31 Panera Bread Co:
* Launch of a series of new 100pct clean, non-carbonated craft beverages made with no artificial sweeteners
* Panera Bread - beginning April 5, new teas, lemonades, frescas will roll out in bakery-cafes with signage posting calories, added sugar in each beverage
* Panera Bread-launch of series of new 100pct clean, non-carbonated craft beverages made with no preservatives, flavors or colors from artificial sources Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
May 3 Spirent Communications Plc:
* Q1 revenue rose 4 percent to 106.4 million USD
* Year has started well with q1 trading ahead of same period last year
* Q1 revenue was up 4 per cent to $106.4 million and profit up $5.8 million to $7.6 million.
* Q1 order intake was broadly level in quarter compared to same period last year and reflects usual seasonality of business
* Ongoing trends of strong demand for networks & security testing offset continuing decline of connected devices testing for smartphones
* Q1 book to bill ratio for quarter was 85 (2016: 89) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
* Says it will keep creative control, tap Coty's expertise
* Says the deal will boost earnings from 2018/19
* Shares up 1 pct (Adds CFO comments, analyst reaction, shares)
By Paul Sandle
LONDON, April 3 British luxury brand Burberry said on Monday it would license its fragrances and cosmetics to Coty in a deal totalling $225 million that will help it develop new products and benefit from the U.S. group's distribution.
Known for its British-made trenchcoats, Burberry's beauty range is led by fragrances My Burberry and Mr Burberry, and includes cosmetics to help introduce its brand to new consumers.
The company, which brought the perfume business in house in 2013, said it would retain creative control while Coty, which counts Gucci, Hugo Boss and Calvin Klein in its portfolio, would bring its global distribution network to the table.
Chief Financial Officer Julie Brown said Burberry had repositioned the business by cutting secondary-channel sales, and it was now the time to partner the premium fragrance leader.
"Coty has very broad experience of working closely with other luxury brands," she said in an interview. "We will benefit from their deep beauty industry expertise and also their first class distribution."
Coty will pay 130 million pounds for the long-term licence, plus about 50 million pounds for inventory and other assets, Burberry said. It will also pay royalties from October.
Beauty contributed 7 percent of Burberry's revenue in the first half of its 2016/17 financial year, down 17 percent on the prior period, partly as a result of the repositioning.
It launched men's fragrance Mr Burberry a year ago and young British model Iris Law has promoted its cosmetics.
Chief Operating Officer John Smith said there was an opportunity to grow cosmetics sales, which currently account for about 8 percent of beauty sales against an industry average of a third.
"Make-up is a key recruitment tool for a luxury brand, in that the price points are a lot lower than any other product," he said. "As a means of recruiting people into the brand, it's perfect."
Shares in Burberry were trading up 1 percent at 1,739 pence.
Analysts at Exane BNP Paribas said they welcomed the choice of a first class partner to appropriately develop the business.
"In fact, we never liked the idea of Burberry managing its beauty business directly, as beauty is an FMCG (fast moving consumer goods) business where you win on the back of global reach," they said.
Burberry said the deal would be broadly neutral to adjusted profit before tax in 2017/18 and accretive the following year. ($1 = 0.7999 pounds) (Reporting by Kate Holton and Paul Sandle; editing by Susan Thomas)
Keith and Margo's Murder Mystery Texas recently made an announcement concerning the itinerary for its St. Valentine's Day Massacre event, which will take place February 10th at the Omni Dallas Hotel at Park West. The company indicated that it has posted further information about the event at http://murdermysterytexas.com/types-of-mysteries/valentines/
The company began its announcement by stating that the event will kick off with a reception and dancing. Guests will then receive a welcome letter with instructions. The company indicated that guests will then be seated at round tables of ten, which are designated with different mystery-themed team names (e.g., The Columbo Team). Murder Mystery Texas said that the dance floor will be open during this time.
Murder Mystery Texas went on to indicate that the reception will be followed by a salad course, during which announcements will be made concerning the night's proceedings. The company announced that, from this point on, a wise-cracking detective will take control for the rest of the evening. Murder Mystery Texas stated that the detective will call guests up to the dance floor and “roast” them as possible suspects.
Murder Mystery Texas stated that the next step in the itinerary involves couples dancing. According to Murder Mystery Texas, participants should begin their interrogations at this point, being careful not to divulge information to rival teams. The company stated that, following dancing, there will be dinner and dessert. During this time, there will be a number of heated arguments between suspicious guests. According to the company, any number of murders may occur during this time. https://www.facebook.com/mmysterytexas/
The company mentioned that, following dessert, the teams will attempt to solve the crime and turn in their answer forms. Following that, the murder mystery will be revealed and teams with the most accurate (or most ridiculous) answers will receive prizes. The company stated that the night will close with more dancing. Further company details can be found at https://goo.gl/LznBeo
Murder Mystery Texas then wrapped its announcement up by providing some details related to its productions. Murder Mystery Texas pointed out that it performs murder mysteries in cities all over Texas, including Dallas, Fort Worth, Plano, Houston, Austin, and San Antonio. Reviews for the dinner theater company can be read at https://www.google.com/maps/place/Keith+and+Margo's+Murder+Mystery+Texas/@32.7795035,-96.8332172,12z/data=!4m17!1m11!4m10!1m3!2m2!1d-96.7642093!2d32.7793592!1m5!1m1!1s0x864e9896dc32894f:0xf8bcc6880cfead53!2m2!1d-96.763177!2d32.779523!3m4!1s0x864e9896dc32894f:0xf8bcc6880cfead53!8m2!3d32.779523!4d-96.763177
CONTACT:
Debbie Banks
Company: Murder Mystery Texas
Address: 6304 Innsbrooke Drive, Arlington, TX 76016
Tel: (972)263-5178
Website: www.murdermysterytexas.com
March 30 TVS Motor Company Ltd
* Its dealers been advised to comply with order of supreme court and sell BS III compliant stocks with them on or before 31st march, 2017
* Says had already commenced manufacture and sale of BS IV compliant vehicles to the dealers Source text - (bit.ly/2nz8j7m) Further company coverage:
April 20 Telenor Asa
* Telenor's Dtac Q1 EBITDA NOK 1,653 million (NOK 1,741 million)
* Telenor's Dtac says 2017 outlook unchanged: Service revenues (excluding interconnect) same level as previous year, EBITDA at least same level as previous year, CAPEX THB 17-20 billion
* During the quarter the number of Dtac subscriptions decreased by 170,000 to 24.310 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Camilla Knudsen)
An English ten Pound note is seen in an illustration taken March 16, 2016. REUTERS/Phil Noble/Illustration
FILE PHOTO: A British ten pound note is seen in front of a stock graph in this November 7, 2016 picture illustration. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration/File Photo
LONDON Sterling rose broadly on Tuesday, as stronger-than-expected UK manufacturing data left the currency buoyant in the face of headlines suggesting talks over Britain's exit from the European Union were likely to be difficult.
On the first day of trading after a long weekend across Europe, sterling rose against the dollar and the euro, after numbers showing UK manufacturing growth surged to a three-year peak in April, beating all forecasts.
Having briefly strengthened immediately after the data, the pound turned decisively higher by midday. It last traded up 0.3 percent at $1.2922, less than a cent off a seven-month peak versus the dollar, and was 0.2 percent higher at 84.42 pence per euro.
"Markets have been disillusioned because, when it comes to data, it's been showing a different picture to the doomsday scenarios that economists had predicted in the initial aftermath of Brexit," said Viraj Patel, currency strategist at ING, adding that sterling was likely to react more to positive data surprises than negative ones.
Numbers released on Friday showed speculators wound back their bets against the pound for a second week running in the seven days to Tuesday. [IMM/FX]
"It's hard for markets to continue hanging on to this sort of bearish outlook when the data's completely different (to what's predicted)," Patel said.
Traders and analysts put the pound's initial lack of momentum after the data down to political developments, particularly a string of Brexit-related headlines relating to a weekend summit, at which EU members laid out Brexit negotiating guidelines.
The other 27 EU members endorsed stiff exit terms for Britain on Saturday and warned Britons to have "no illusions" that a deal to retain access to European markets will be swift and easy.
That was followed, on Sunday, by a report in Germany's FAS newspaper of a difficult dinner between British Prime Minister Theresa May and the head of the European Commission, which increased fears that the two sides are talking past each other.
Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker was quoted saying he was "leaving Downing Street 10 times more sceptical than I was before".
Theresa May, who dismissed the FAS report as "Brussels gossip", told British voters on Tuesday that the 27 other EU countries were determined to win a Brexit deal that "works for them".
"The one thing that changed this weekend were the reports from FAS on Sunday about how fraught the dinner last Wednesday was, and therefore what you've seen with sterling showing a degree of weakness is definitely a shift," said Bank of New York Mellon's head of currency strategy, Simon Derrick.
Demand for sterling has increased since May called a snap election for June 8, with markets betting that would bring political stability and could strengthen Britain's hand in its exit negotiations with the EU.
(Reporting by Jemima Kelly and Ritvik Carvalho; Editing by Mark Trevelyan and Robin Pomeroy)
April 4 IGM Financial Inc:
* IGM Financial Inc announces March 2017 investment fund sales and total assets under management
* IGM Financial Inc - total assets under management were $147.1 billion at March 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Halsey Frank states that those who voted for Trump aren't “bigoted or ignorant” (Short Relief: “Trump won because he knew better”). I'm curious to know how he would characterize them. They voted for someone who encouraged violence at these rallies, denigrated a fallen soldier and his parents, mocked a disabled person, advocated for a religious test to be in the country, attempted to undermine the legitimacy of the press, demonstrated no knowledge of the Constitution, held few consistent policy positions and is a sexual predator by his own admission. I could go on.
So are Trump voters uncaring, uninformed, naive? What? Sadly, many who voted for him thinking he would actually help them are in for many surprises.
Trump's win is barely legitimate, considering that the Russians manipulated the election process. He certainly does not have a mandate to dismantle our democracy, something he seems inclined to do.
Not my president. Ever. I intend to resist in any way I can. And just for the record, he lost the popular vote by a huge margin, regardless of his claims of imaginary voter fraud. The only fraud in this story is Trump.
Mary Ann Larson
Portland
March 29 Pure Multi-family REIT LP
* Pure Multi-family REIT LP announces CDN$70 million (US$52 million) equity offering
* Pure Multi-family REIT LP - intends to use net proceeds from financing to fund future acquisitions, among others
* Pure Multi-family REIT LP - to sell on a bought deal basis, 7.9 million CLASS A units of Pure Multi-family REIT LP at a price of CDN$8.90 per unit Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The Montreal Canadiens have brought up Bobby Farnham from the St. John's Ice Caps. It appears there were more deserving candidates for the role.
The Montreal Canadiens have called up Bobby Farnham. The 27 year old winger was brought up to the Habs from the St. John's Ice Caps this afternoon. He will join the team in time for tomorrow nights game against the Nashville Predators.
The Canadiens are dealing with a plethora of injuries at forward right now. However, calling up Farnham is a curious transaction. The 5'10” and 190 pounds right winger is known more for his physicality than anything else.
This season, the American winger has just four goals and nine points in 31 games with the Ice Caps. This puts him in a tie for twelfth place on the American Hockey League team's scoring list. So he isn't a scorer, but he sure can check. However, the Habs have plenty of players that can check.
Farnham was a free agent signing by the Canadiens last summer. He was coming off a season split between the Pittsburgh Penguins and New Jersey Devils. He was placed on waivers by the Pens before landing in New Jersey. In 53 games, he scored eight goals and ten points.
Better players passed over for Farnham
While Farnham will make his way to the Canadiens, speedy and skilled winger Sven Andrighetto was returned to the Ice Caps. Andrighetto is a talented, offensive winger who has 22 points in just 19 AHL games this season. Farnham may not score more than 19 all points this season.
Farnham has some NHL experience and can play a checking role. However, the Canadiens are getting solid contributions at both ends of the ice from a young, but effective fourth line right now.
Michael McCarron who is 21 years old has recently been centering 24 year old Daniel Carr and 27 year old Chris Terry. It is not a typical fourth line, but the trio has been great at maintaining possession in the opponent's zone and has chipped in a few goals.
Why break that up for a feisty Farnham? Farnham can't possibly be counted on to play a higher role, so where is he going to fit?
He isn't, which is why it makes little sense to bring him up at this time. Jacob de la Rose is a 21 year old who can defend far better than Farnham and is also capable of providing a bit of offence. The Swedish forward has eight points in his last nine games, and deserves another NHL shot before Farnham.
However, it is Farnham who received the call. Grit and toughness win out over skill once again.
More from A Winning Habit
This article originally appeared on
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer holds the daily press briefing at the White House in Washington, U.S. March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump is open to authorizing additional strikes on Syria if its government uses chemical weapons again or deploys barrel bombs in the country, the White House said on Monday.
"The sight of people being gassed and blown away by barrel bombs ensures that if we see this kind of action again, we hold open the possibility of future action," White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters.
"If you gas a baby, if you put a barrel bomb in to innocent people ... you will see a response from this president."
Barrel bombs are oil drums or cylinders packed with explosives and shrapnel.
Trump ordered a cruise missile strike on Syria's Shayrat air base last week in response to what his administration and U.S. allies say was a poison gas attack by Syria's military in which scores of civilians, including many children, died.
Spicer said later his mention of barrel bombs as a potential trigger for further action by the United States did not reflect a change in position.
"Nothing has changed in our posture," he said by email.
"The president retains the option to act in Syria against the Assad regime whenever it is in the national interest, as was determined following that government's use of chemical weapons against its own citizens. And as the president has repeatedly made clear, he will not be telegraphing his military responses."
(Reporting by Jeff Mason; writing by Ayesha Rascoe; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and James Dalgleish)
LINCOLN COUNTY — The Lincoln County Sheriff's Office has arrested Rowdy Ford, 18, of Fairview, WY in connection with the recent Our Valley Pharmacy burglary in Thayne, WY.
Ford is charged with burglary as well as other charges unrelated to the burglary.
The Sheriff's Office has also obtained an arrest warrant for Talon Sessions, 28, of Thayne, WY for burglary in connection to the pharmacy burglary.
Advertisement - Story continues below...
Investigators continue to work closely with the Lincoln County Attorney's Office on this case and additional charges are expected to be filed.
If the public has any information about the burglary or if you know of the whereabouts of Talon Sessions, please contact the Lincoln County Sheriff's Office at 307-885-5231.
Read the original story and watch the surveillance videos here, wherein the Lincoln County Sheriff's Office was offering a $3,000 reward for information leading to the conviction of the two suspects in the video.
(Repeats to widen distribution)
By Jonathan Stempel
May 3 As the United States adapts to the presidency of Donald Trump and faces rising tensions abroad, Berkshire Hathaway Inc shareholders will descend on Omaha, Nebraska this weekend seeking reassurance, from Warren Buffett.
The weekend known as "Woodstock for Capitalists" is unique in corporate America, a celebration of the billionaire's image and success at a conglomerate whose businesses range from Geico insurance to the BNSF railroad to See's candies to Ginsu knives.
Buffett, 86, and vice chairman Charlie Munger, 93, will answer five hours of questions at Saturday's annual meeting.
Many say it reinforces their views about investing and Berkshire, even if it remains unclear how much new they learn.
"Watching someone like (Buffett) with strong command on details of the economy and Berkshire's operations is very impressive," said Meyer Shields, a Keefe, Bruyette & Woods analyst who rates Berkshire "market perform." "But you're not going to learn a lot about Berkshire Hathaway the company."
Last year's attendance fell to about 37,000 from more than 40,000 a year earlier.
But there were also 1.1 million real-time sign-ons to Yahoo Finance, which webcast the meeting for the first time. It will do so again, in English and Mandarin.
LARGE, LARGE ORGANIZATION
Much of Berkshire's relative outperformance came decades ago when it was much smaller, and even Buffett has called the company's huge size an "anchor on investment performance."
Buffett has said Berkshire owns 10 businesses big enough to make the Fortune 500 list of large U.S. companies on their own.
But details can be thin. For example, aircraft parts maker Precision Castparts, acquired last year for $32.1 billion, merited about a page in Berkshire's annual report.
Precision's final annual report, in 2015, ran 87 pages.
"It's a large, large organization," said Jeffrey Stacey, founder of Stacey Muirhead Capital Management in Waterloo, Ontario, who is attending his 26th straight meeting. "I am willing to give it the benefit of the doubt because the track record has been so good for so long."
Buffett said in February that boosting disclosure could put many Berkshire businesses at a disadvantage, and that "it's the growth of the Berkshire forest that counts."
He also knows the perils of conglomerates, saying in 2015 that dubious accounting, self-promotion and mediocre businesses make them "richly deserve" their "terrible" reputation.
Buffett says Berkshire is different, in part because he took Munger's advice to buy wonderful businesses at fair prices.
Shareholders enjoy that focus less than they once did.
Berkshire's share price has slightly lagged the Standard & Poor's 500 including dividends during the eight-year bull market, but has outperformed since the global financial crisis mushroomed in September 2008.
Shields, who is not attending Saturday's meeting, wants Buffett to reveal more, even if shareholders can "safely assume" his eventual successor as chief executive is top-flight.
ISSUES APLENTY
While Buffett and Munger do not know in advance the questions they will get from shareholders, journalists and analysts at Saturday's meeting, they can anticipate many.
Buffett may need to review Berkshire's support of Wells Fargo & Co, in which it holds a roughly 10 percent stake, despite a sales scandal over bogus customer accounts.
He may also get questions about his support for 3G Capital, a Brazilian firm known for ruthless cost-cutting. Berkshire controls Kraft Heinz Co with 3G, and recently tried to help 3G buy Unilever NV for $143 billion.
Trump is sure to come up. Buffett did not support his election but Berkshire's book value could swell by $36 billion with his proposed corporate tax cuts, Barclays Capital said.
Buffett may also get questions about his surprise bets on Apple Inc and the four biggest U.S. airlines.
Having gone over a year since a big acquisition, Buffett may be asked how he can better deploy the $86.4 billion of cash, equivalents and Treasury bills that Berkshire recently held.
Succession may also come up. Indeed, Buffett has already delegated work to lieutenants like Ajit Jain, Gregory Abel, Tracy Britt Cool and Todd Combs that he once would do himself. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Jennifer Ablan and Lisa Shumaker)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
METALS-London copper slips to 1-wk low after US rate rise
(Adds detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, June 15 London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year, boosting financing costs for industry. Amid a mixed economic outlook in the United States and slowing industrial activity in China exacerbated by the end of financial quarter, metals could come under further selling pressure, broker Kingdom Futures said in a report. "Toda
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Gone are the days when Bollywood stars enjoyed a loyal audience, believes Ajay Devgn.
The actor says the present generation of cinemagoers are not committed to any one hero or heroine.
"The newer generation of audiences are not loyal to anybody. We have been lucky that a segment of the public has been loyal to us for the past 25 years. So we have that plus point. But otherwise, they will only go and watch the film that they feel they'll understand," Devgn told reporters here.
The actor, who will next be seen in Rohit Shetty-directed "Golmaal Again", says he still preferred the mystery that was once associated with a star.
"I feel that the aura of the star is dying. I liked the mystery that came with being a star, I still do. But today, there is so much exposure. Say, if one is not active on the social media, they may start feeling insecure seeing others doing it. They may feel the pressure."
Sunny Leone to dance with Ajay Devgan in Baadshaho | Filmibeat
Devgn says when he was starting off as an actor, there were no ego clashes among the contemporaries but things have changed today.
"I have worked with Salman, Aamir and other heroes. All of us used to work together and there were no ego problems.
Nobody was insecure about what the other person was doing.
"Earlier, we used to have 'Golmaal'-like fun atmosphere on the sets of almost every film. Today, you can't expect to have that. Maybe the newer generation has that problem."
The National Award-winning actor says the difficult-to- please attitude of today's audience works as a motivator.
"It is a good thing. It keeps you on your toes. You will have to make good films. You will have to improve the quality.
Anyway, all the films cannot work at the same time. Only 30 films do well out of the 100 average ones that are made."
Devgn says it did not feel like the seven-year-gap between "Golmaal 3" and the fourth sequel and it was like going to have fun on the sets just like any other day.
"When we started shooting for 'Golmaal', it didn't feel that it had been seven years since we shot the last installment. You don't realise that so much time has passed."
The actor believes "Golmaal" is a film franchise where the stakeholders, be it actors or investors, have faith in the story.
"Budget means that whatever amount is required you're making that available. We make full use of our resources and try to be the best. And you know you're not wasting any money when it comes to a film like this."
Devgn says Bollywood needs to pull up its socks as Hollywood cinema and digital platforms are giving Hindi films a run for their money.
"It's sad today that Hollywood films are doing way better than our own films. Due to Netflix and all, you get to see a lot in the comfort of your home. It's important to have that cinema experience. If you doesn't bring that to the audience, they'd prefer watching films at home."
Devgn stars opposite Parineeti Chopra and the film also features Tabu, Arshad Warsi, Tusshar Kapoor, Shreyas Talpade, Kunal Kemmu, Sanjay Mishra and Johnny Lever.
The movie is slated to release on Diwali. PTI
Insurance firm Pru Life UK on Tuesday said it would be offering a balanced fund expected to provide wider access to investment opportunities in the Asia-Pacific region.
Advertisements
“You've got a slew of sectors across Asia that are cheap, just waiting like cherries waiting to be plucked. [So] that's what we're doing,” said Robert Rountree, director and global strategist of Pru Life asset management arm Eastspring Investments.
Investments in the Philippines remain limited to six sectors, dominated by financial, industrial, and real estate, while more extensive opportunities in Asia such as information technology, pharmaceutical, healthcare, and energy stay untouched.
“We are really encouraging our customers to diversify their portfolio offshore. The main reason is because the capital markets here in the Philippines continue to be shallow and the funds [are]too big, so customers need to diversify,” Pru Life UK President and CEO Antonio de Rosas said.
The balanced fund, to be offered beginning Oct. 10, will be split into two: an Asia Pacific equity fund and another for dollar-denominated Asian bond funds and Asian bonds in local currencies.
“As the old saying goes, you don't put all the eggs in one basket,” de Rosas said.
Pru Life UK Vice President and Chief Investment Officer Anthony Garces II said: “We would like to tell our clients to diversify, strike a balance. You [already have]investments here, try to look at opportunities outside the Philippines.”
Pru Life UK, a subsidiary of UK-registered Prudential Plc., has been operating in the Philippines for two decades. Its asset management arm, Eastspring Investments, operates in 10 markets and claims to be the biggest retail asset manager in Asia.
April 13 "Star Wars" is beefing up its girl power through a new series of animated short movies featuring the sci-fi saga's heroines including Princess Leia, Rey and Jyn Erso.
Walt Disney Co and Lucasfilm announced on Thursday that "Star Wars Forces of Destiny" will focus on the "untold stories of everyday heroism that shape the destinies" of the main female characters in the franchise.
The move is the latest by Disney to broaden the male-dominated audience for the "Star Wars" series, which is celebrating the 40th anniversary of the original 1977 film starring Carrie Fisher, Harrison Ford and Mark Hamill.
The 2-3 minute shorts will be launched on Disney YouTube in July and will be followed by more shorts on Disney Channel television in the autumn. A range of new action figures and dolls, as well as other merchandise, will also be released.
"'Star Wars Forces of Destiny' is for anyone who has been inspired by Leia's heroism, Rey's courage, or Ahsoka's tenacity,” Kathleen Kennedy, president of Lucasfilm, said in a statement.
Actors Daisy Ridley (Rey), Felicity Jones (Jyn) and Lupita Nyong'o (Maz Kanata) will voice their characters. The voice for Princess Leia, played in the movies by Carrie Fisher, will be supplied by Shelby Young following Fisher's sudden death of a heart attack in December.
Disney was criticized when Ridley's fearless Rey in "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" was barely featured in toys and merchandising even though she was a lead character in the 2015 film. The uproar sparked the social media campaign #wheresrey.
John Frascotti, president of toymaker Hasbro Inc, said in a statement the "Star Wars" fan base has broadened over the last 40 years, and the "Forces of Destiny" toy line would "help connect with new audiences as well as appeal to existing fans." (Reporting by Jill Serjeant in New York; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
April 3 Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc :
* MUFG lowers stake in Toshiba to 3.54 percent from 5.14 percent: regulatory filing Further company coverage: (Reporting By Chris Gallagher)
May 2 Engine maker Cummins Inc reported a 23.4 percent rise in quarterly profit, helped by higher sales across its businesses.
Net income attributable to Cummins rose to $396 million, or $2.36 per share, in the first quarter ended April 2, from $321 million, or $1.87 per share, a year earlier.
Net sales rose about 7 percent to $4.59 billion.
The Columbus, Indiana-based company also raised its 2017 forecasts for revenue and earnings before interest and tax. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Arun Koyyur)
April 3 Experian Plc:
* Experian agrees to sell email/ccm business
* Signs agreement to sell controlling interest in email/cross-channel marketing in a further step to sharpen strategic focus
* Has agreed to divest a 75 pct interest in CCM to Vector Capital, with Experian retaining balance
* Enterprise value of CCM at completion is c. $400 mln on a cash and debt free basis
* Net proceeds on closing to Experian will be 75 pct of enterprise value, and will be after transaction costs and taxes
* Experian will retain a 25 pct equity interest in CCM and a seller note for $75 mln
* On a pro forma basis net debt to EBITDA is expected to be c.1.9-2.0x at March 31, 2017, compared to group's target range of 2-2.5x
* Transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and is expected to complete during first half of financial year ending March 31, 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
April 20 Google:
* Adding the ability for up to six people to connect their account to one Google Home - Blog
* The feature will start rolling out on April 20 for Google Home users in the U.S., but will expand to the U.K. in the coming months Source text: (bit.ly/2oqEYM7) Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A Wells Fargo branch is seen in the Chicago suburb of Evanston, Illinois, U.S. on February 10, 2015. REUTERS/Jim Young/File Photo
NEW YORK A federal judge on Thursday said Wells Fargo & Co (WFC.N) must face litigation seeking to hold it responsible for billions of dollars of claimed investor losses stemming from its alleged failures as a trustee overseeing risky residential mortgage-backed securities.
U.S. District Judge Katherine Polk Failla in Manhattan said the plaintiffs, including a few dozen funds from BlackRock Inc (BLK.N), Pacific Investment Management Co (ALVG.DE), Prudential Financial Inc (PRU.N) and TIAA-CREF, may pursue breach of contract and conflict of interest claims related to 53 trusts.
Failla also said the investors may pursue some claims alleging breaches of fiduciary duty and due care, but she dismissed claims alleging general negligence and the violation of a New York law governing mortgage trusts. Failla also denied Wells Fargo's bid to dismiss claims by Germany's Commerzbank AG (CBKG.DE).
Ancel Martinez, a Wells Fargo spokesman, declined to comment. A lawyer for many of the plaintiffs did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Failla's 80-page decision covers five lawsuits, which comprise one of the largest remaining pieces of U.S. litigation seeking to hold banks liable for risky mortgage securities that were a major cause of the 2008 global financial crisis.
Much of this litigation targeted lenders, but some targeted trustees that oversaw the securities' performance.
Investors accused Wells Fargo of having taken "virtually no action" to require lenders to buy back or fix defaulted or poorly underwritten loans that backed their securities, despite knowing of shortfalls.
They said the San Francisco-based bank's resistance stemmed from concern that acting would have exposed its own "misconduct" in other residential mortgage-backed securities trusts, and jeopardized its business dealings with lenders and servicers, court papers show.
Failla said the plaintiffs "more than met" the legal standard for letting the breach of contract claims proceed, having pointed to internal Wells Fargo documents to suggest the bank knew about many loan defects but did nothing.
"It is plaintiffs' contention that such allegations go far beyond many other RMBS trustee complaints, which themselves have been found sufficient to state a claim," Failla wrote, without ruling on the merits. "The court agrees."
Failla also said the National Credit Union Administration may pursue various claims against Wells Fargo on behalf of five failed credit unions.
The NCUA has already recouped roughly $4.3 billion in litigation against many banks over securities that the credit unions bought. A spokesman could not be reached for comment.
The cases in the U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York are: BlackRock Allocation Target Shares Series S Portfolio et al v. Wells Fargo Bank NA et al, No. 14-09371; Royal Park Investments SA/NV et al v. Wells Fargo Bank NA et al, No. 14-09764; National Credit Union Administration Board v Wells Fargo Bank NA, No. 14-10067; Phoenix Light SF Ltd et al v. Wells Fargo Bank NA, No. 14-10102; and Commerzbank AG v. Wells Fargo Bank NA, No. 15-10033.
(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler)
The War Horse writer was treated at The Royal Marsden - a hospital dedicated to cancer diagnosis and treatment.
Sir Michael Morpurgo has revealed he has undergone radiotherapy for an “unwelcome medical diagnosis”.
Writing in this week's Spectator, the author, 74, speaks about being treated at The Royal Marsden – a hospital dedicated to cancer diagnosis and treatment.
Although he does not confirm the nature of his illness, Sir Michael refers to “being healed”.
Sir Michael Morpurgo after he was awarded a knighthood during an investiture ceremony at Buckingham Palace (John Stillwell/PA)
In the diary entry he said: “By 74 it is easy to feel that you have seen it all, done it all, that nothing much surprises you any more.”
He added: “Even an unwelcome medical diagnosis does not surprise you. You cope because you have to. You know it's what happens to us all.
“You've been lucky all these years. Now it's your turn, stuff happens. That's life, you tell yourself, or the other thing.
“Friends and family much younger have been ill, and suffered long; some have fallen off the perch younger than I am now. I've been a lucky old parrot.”
He reflected on distracting himself from the “whirring and clunking of the machine, those life-prolonging rays beaming into you”.
“Well, what and who, besides Marie Curie, did I think of during my beaming time, locked inside my plastic mask, down in the wonderful radiology department at the Marsden?” he said.
Sir Michael, who was a teacher for nearly 10 years, said he thought of his children, grandchildren, and great-grandchild, as well as the youngsters he had taught or had read his books over the years.
“They were all the hope I needed, lying there in that hospital being healed. It wasn't only the radiotherapy doing the healing. It was the memories of those children too. They helped me through, helped me to keep hoping, keep believing. They still do, every day,” he added.
On Monday the War Horse writer was at the Hay Festival – which is where he said he wrote the article from.
His representative has been contacted for comment.
© Press Association 2018
